id,title,text,label
4716,MILO Takes Selfies With UC Davis Protestors - Breitbart,"Whilst leading a free speech countermarch across the UC Davis campus, MILO managed to take a couple of selfies with protestors who had come out for the second day in a row, following the forced cancellation of last night’s event with Martin Shkreli.[  The protestors followed the march at the beginning, screaming chants such as “No Milo, No KKK, No Fascist USA,” and generally trying to interrupt the proceedings, before eventually deciding to give up. The march involved MILO finally getting to chance to speak on the campus, to a crowd of over 300 people, where he discussed the importance of free speech and challenging the   consensus on American college campuses.  At the end, MILO and the Davis College Republican group reenacted the UC Davis pepper spray incident that took place in 2011, when protestors from the Occupy Movement were pepper sprayed by police after refusing to leave, leading to a nationwide controversy on the use of force by police.",0
4717,The Women of ‘Girls’ and Protest Whack-a-Mole - The New York Times,"Two hundred thousand Uber users deleted the app from their phones after the company supported its New York drivers’ making trips out of Kennedy Airport while taxi companies refused to drive in protest of the Trump administration’s travel ban. From some, it was a moment to switch to rival companies like Lyft, which recently pledged a million dollars to the American Civil Liberties Union. But what does switching from one Silicon Valley corporation to another really accomplish? Aren’t they all basically the same? “If you’re going to ban Uber, throw your iPhone in the trash, delete your Facebook account, stop using Twitter,” Jenna says on this week’s episode of Still Processing. “All of these companies are, in some way, supporting this administration. ” As Wesley puts it: “It’s a protest   . ” Also, with the final season of “Girls” beginning on Sunday night on HBO, we take a moment to talk about the show’s legacy. And after we talk about the show, we talk to it, with excerpts from Jenna’s recent conversation with the cast: Lena Dunham, Allison Williams, Zosia Mamet and Jemima Kirke. They discuss the show’s early lack of diversity, why “Silicon Valley” gets off easy and what it’s like to have the public completely conflate actors and the characters they play. We’ve got excerpts! Finally, we play a new   game that we hope to come back to. It requires zero expertise, just lots and lots of speculation. From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “Still Processing” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link may help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for “Still Processing” and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
4718,Round Up the Unusual Suspects: Moneyball Nerds Squeeze Out Blacks & Latinos from Baseball Jobs, ,0
4719,Barack Obama Tells Alexis Tsipras That Rising Tide Of Nationalism Will Be A Threat To Globalism,"  Barack Obama Tells Alexis Tsipras That Rising Tide Of Nationalism Will Be A Threat To Globalism Speaking at a joint news conference with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras by his side, Obama refrained from criticizing President-elect Donald Trump directly as he discussed the impact of his electoral victory last week.   Obama warned Tuesday that Americans and people around the world “are going to have to guard against a rise in a crude sort of nationalism, or ethnic identity, or tribalism” taking root amid the populist movements that are gaining currency around the world. 
EDITOR’S NOTE: Why did the British people vote for Brexit ? Why did Donald Trump win in a landslide ? Because free peoples from any nation, once woken, will rightly reject globalism as a threat to individual freedom. NWO elites like Obama hate displays of nationalism like Trump’s America First campaign because he doesn’t believe America should come first. The coming Trump presidency is America’s first ray of sunlight in over 8 years. 
Speaking at a joint news conference with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras by his side, Obama refrained from criticizing President-elect Donald Trump directly as he discussed the impact of his electoral victory last week. But the president made it clear that he sees a dark side to the kind of populist movements Trump’s campaign embodied — ideals that other conservative leaders are advocating in Europe and elsewhere. WHO IS ALEXIS TSIPRAS? – click here to visit the NTEB Archive 
“We are going to have to guard against a rise in a crude sort of nationalism, or ethnic identity or tribalism that is built around an us and a them, and I will never apologize for saying that the future of humanity and the future of the world is going to be defined by what we have in common, as opposed to those things that separate us and ultimately lead us into conflict,” Obama said. 
“Take Europe,” he continued. “We know what happens when Europeans start dividing themselves up and emphasizing their differences and seeing a competition between various countries in a zero-sum way. The 20th century was a bloodbath.” Obama Full Press Conference with Alexis Tsipras in Greece: 
If you don’t wish to suffer through all the blather, fast-forward to 32:20 mark to hear his specific anti-America First mumbo-jumbo. 
Obama, who made it clear during the course of the hour-long news conference that he did not view the recent U.S. election results as a referendum on his own tenure or world vision, suggested that targeting specific racial, religious ethnic groups could backfire. 
“In the United States we know what happens when we start dividing ourselves along the lines of race or religion or ethnicity. It is dangerous. It is dangerous, not just for the minority groups that are subjected to that kind of discrimination, or in some cases in the past, violence, but because we then don’t realize our potential as a country when we are preventing blacks or Latinos or Asians or gays or women from fully participating in the project of building American life,” he said. 
“So my vision is right on that issue, and it may not always win the day in the short term in any particularly political circumstance, but I am confident it will win the day in the long term,” Obama added. “Because societies which are able to unify ourselves around values and ideals and character, and how we treat each other, and cooperation and innovation, ultimately are going to be more successful than societies that don’t.” 
Obama acknowledged that there was a common theme in the recent U.S. presidential election, Britain’s vote in June to leave the European Union, and other populist movements elsewhere. 
“Globalization, combined with technology, combined with social media and constant information, have disrupted people’s lives, sometimes in very concrete ways,” he said. “But also psychologically, people are less certain of their national identities or their place in the world. It starts looking different and disorienting.”  ",0
4721,Trump Lays Plans to Reverse Obama’s Climate Change Legacy - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump is poised in the coming days to announce his plans to dismantle the centerpiece of President Barack Obama’s climate change legacy, while also gutting several smaller but significant policies aimed at curbing global warming. The moves are intended to send an unmistakable signal to the nation and the world that Mr. Trump intends to follow through on his campaign vows to rip apart every element of what the president has called Mr. Obama’s “stupid” policies to address climate change. The timing and exact form of the announcement remain unsettled, however. The executive actions will follow the White House’s release last week of a proposed budget that would eliminate climate change research and prevention programs across the federal government and slash the Environmental Protection Agency’s budget by 31 percent, more than any other agency. Mr. Trump also announced last week that he had ordered Scott Pruitt, the E. P. A. administrator, to revise the agency’s stringent standards on   tailpipe pollution from vehicles, another of Mr. Obama’s key climate change policies. While the White House is not expected to explicitly say the United States is withdrawing from the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change, and people familiar with the White House deliberations say Mr. Trump has not decided whether to do so, the policy reversals would make it virtually impossible to meet the emissions reduction goals set by the Obama administration under the international agreement. In an announcement that could come as soon as Thursday or as late as next month, according to people familiar with the White House’s planning, Mr. Trump will order Mr. Pruitt to withdraw and rewrite a set of   regulations known as the Clean Power Plan, according to a draft document obtained by The New York Times. The Obama rule was devised to shut down hundreds of heavily polluting   power plants and freeze construction of new coal plants, while replacing them with vast wind and solar farms. The draft also lays out options for legally blocking or weakening about a   additional   executive orders and policies on climate change. At a   rally on Monday in the   state of Kentucky, Mr. Trump told a cheering audience that he is preparing an executive action that would “save our wonderful coal miners from continuing to be put out of work. ” Experts in environmental law say it will not be possible for Mr. Trump to quickly or simply roll back the most substantive elements of Mr. Obama’s climate change regulations, noting that the process presents a steep legal challenge that could take many years and is likely to end up before the Supreme Court. Economists are skeptical that a rollback of the rules would restore lost coal jobs because the demand for coal has been steadily shrinking for years. Scientists and climate policy advocates around the world say they are watching the administration’s global warming actions and statements with deep worry. Many reacted with deep concern to Mr. Pruitt’s remarks  this month that he did not believe carbon dioxide was a primary driver of climate change, a statement at odds with the global scientific consensus. They also noted the remarks last week by Mick Mulvaney, the director of the White House Office of Management and Budget, in justifying Mr. Trump’s proposed cuts to climate change research programs. “As to climate change, I think the president was fairly straightforward: We’re not spending money on that anymore,” Mr. Mulvaney said at a White House briefing. “The message they are sending to the rest of the world is that they don’t believe climate change is serious. It’s shocking to see such a degree of ignorance from the United States,” said Mario J. Molina, a Nobel   scientist from Mexico who advises nations on climate change policy. The policy reversals also signal that Mr. Trump has no intention of following through on Mr. Obama’s formal pledges under the Paris accord, under which nearly every country in the world submitted plans detailing actions to limit global warming over the coming decade. Under the accord as it stands, the United States has pledged to reduce its greenhouse pollution about 26 percent from 2005 levels by 2025. That can be achieved only if the United States not only implements the Clean Power Plan and   rules, but also tightens them or adds more policies in future years. “The message clearly is, ‘We won’t do what the United States has promised to do,’” Mr. Molina said. In addition to directing Mr. Pruitt to withdraw the Clean Power Plan, the draft order instructs Attorney General Jeff Sessions to request that a federal court halt consideration of a   lawsuit against the regulation. The case was argued before the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in September, and the court is expected to release a decision in the coming months on whether to uphold or strike down the rule. According to the draft, Mr. Trump is also expected to announce that he will lift a moratorium on new coal mining leases on public lands that had been announced last year by the Obama administration. He is also expected to order White House economists to revisit an   budgeting metric known as the social cost of carbon. Economists and policy makers used the metric to place a dollar cost on the economic impact of   carbon dioxide pollution: about $36 per ton. That measure formed the Obama administration’s economic justification for issuing climate change regulations that would harm some industries, such as coal mining, noting that those costs would be outweighed by the economic benefits of preventing billions of tons of   pollution. Eliminating or lowering the social cost of carbon could provide the Trump administration the economic justification for putting forth   regulations. The draft order would also rescind an executive order by Mr. Obama that all federal agencies take climate change into account when considering any form of environmental permitting. Unlike the rollback of the power plant and vehicle regulations, which could take years and will be subject to legal challenges, Mr. Trump can make the changes to the coal mining ban and undo Mr. Obama’s executive orders with the stroke of a pen. White House staff members and energy lobbyists who work closely with them say they have been expecting Mr. Trump to make the climate change announcements for weeks, ever since Mr. Pruitt was confirmed to head the E. P. A. on Feb. 17, but the announcement has been repeatedly rescheduled. The delays of the   announcement have largely been a result of disorganization and a chaotic policy and planning process, said people familiar with that process who asked to speak anonymously to avoid angering Mr. Trump. One reason for the confusion, these people said, is internal disputes about the challenging legal process required to dismantle the Clean Power Plan. While Mr. Trump may announce with great fanfare his intent to roll back the regulations, the legal steps required to fulfill that announcement are lengthy and the outcome uncertain. “Trump’s announcements have zero impact,” said Richard J. Lazarus, a professor of environmental law at Harvard. “They don’t change existing law at all. ” Much of that task will now fall to Mr. Pruitt. “To undo the rule, the E. P. A. will now have to follow the same procedure that was followed to put the regulations in place,” said Mr. Lazarus, pointing to a multiyear process of proposing draft rules, gathering public comment and forming a legal defense against an expected barrage of lawsuits almost certain to end up before the Supreme Court.",0
4722,U.S. Will Ban Smoking in Public Housing Nationwide - The New York Times,"Smoking will be prohibited in public housing residences nationwide under a federal rule announced on Wednesday. Officials with the Department of Housing and Urban Development said that the rule would take effect early next year, but that public housing agencies would have a year and a half to put   policies in place. The rule will affect more than 1. 2 million households, the officials said, although some 200, 000 homes already come under smoking bans adopted voluntarily by hundreds of public housing agencies around the country. The nationwide ban will have its greatest impact in New York, where the New York City Housing Authority  —   whose 178, 000 apartments and more than 400, 000 residents make it the largest public housing agency in the United States, has lagged behind many of its counterparts in adopting   policies. While HUD proposed the sweeping prohibition a year ago, it had been prodding public housing authorities to adopt such policies since 2009. The New York agency, which had asked HUD unsuccessfully for three years to phase in a ban, issued a statement on Wednesday saying it was “fully committed to providing an environment that promotes resident health as part of our vision of safe, clean and connected communities. ”   advocates consider   housing the latest major front in the   campaign to curb exposure to secondhand tobacco smoke. The rule covering public housing forbids cigarettes, cigars, pipes and hookahs (or water pipes)  —   but not electronic cigarettes  —   from being smoked in all living units, indoor common areas, administrative offices and all outdoor areas within 25 feet of housing and office buildings. Housing agencies that already ban smoking said they enforced their policies through warnings and fines coupled with education, including counseling and   aids like nicotine patches. “The last thing that we want are evictions,” Julián Castro, the HUD secretary, said during a call with reporters. “We don’t see this as a policy that is meant to end in a whole lot of evictions,” Mr. Castro said. “We’re confident that   authority staff can work with residents so that that can be avoided. ” Health officials said that a significant amount of smoke could be transferred between apartments and that alternatives, such as improving ventilation, did not eliminate the ills of secondhand smoke, including causing or aggravating conditions like asthma and lung cancer. Children are especially vulnerable 760, 000 of them live in public housing. Housing officials said that although the federal government would not help to pay for enforcement, the public housing authorities stood to save money in averted fire losses and reduced costs for painting and cleaning   units. The final rule followed a period of public comment during which some opponents took exception to the government’s telling people what to do in the privacy of their own homes. In New York, there was also concern about whether police officers would be involved in enforcing the rule that will not be the case, Housing Authority officials said. Smoking is already prohibited in the lobbies and hallways of the city’s public housing buildings. In answer to a question, Mr. Castro said he was confident that the incoming Trump administration would not have a problem with the ban because “the public health benefit to this policy is so tremendous, and the residents’ support for going   is so tremendous out there, that this rule will stick. ” “Public housing will go   and remain   and, because of that,” he said, “so many folks are going to live healthier lives and have a better shot at reaching their dreams because they have good health. ”",0
4723,In Pictures: When Dr. Subramanian Swamy lambasted Modi govt for 24-hour ban on NDTV,"Tweet 
The government’s one-day ban on NDTV has come under heavy criticism from the media, sections of the Twitterati and those who criticize it for anything and everything anyway. Surprisingly, Dr. Swamy tore into the government for the decision. Check what happens: 

[Black screen]: Wow! You are great, Swamy ji. By the way, which caste? 

Yeh kya ho gaya? = What has happened? 

Entra idhi? = What is this?",0
4724,Instagram Introduces New Tools Meant to Curb Abuse and Expand Privacy - The New York Times,"Instagram announced on Tuesday that it would be providing more tools for users to protect themselves and others from online abuse by allowing them to remove comments and filter out certain followers. The changes will take effect within a few weeks, Kevin Systrom, a founder and the chief executive of Instagram, said in a blog post. The ability to remove comments will be an   to previous efforts: About three months ago, Instagram announced that it would allow users to filter out abusive words from their comments, and the platform has been experimenting with comment removal on   accounts since this summer. The crackdown on unwelcome comments reflects the large and persistent problem of abuse found in all corners of the web. Across social media, comments are often a breeding ground for bullying and trolling: Four in 10 internet users have experienced online bullying, with comment sections and social media sites being among the most common venues, according to a 2014 study by the Pew Research Center. “Comments are where the majority of conversation happens on Instagram,” Mr. Systrom wrote. “While comments are largely positive, they’re not always kind or welcome. ” In an effort to encourage positivity, he said, Instagram will allow users to tap a heart icon to “like” individual comments. People using private accounts will also soon be able to remove certain followers to ensure that their content stays private. “In the past, once you approved a follower, there was no simple way to undo that decision without blocking them,” Mr. Systrom said, adding: “The person will not be notified that you removed them as a follower. ” Mr. Systrom also reiterated that Instagram had recently enabled tools allowing users to anonymously report people who may be at risk for suicide or self harm. One of the new tools, giving users an avenue to seek help for someone displaying possible suicidal behavior, mirrors efforts made by Facebook earlier this year. Mr. Systrom said that Instagram has installed teams that work around the clock to monitor those reports. The move by Instagram is the latest step in a slow but steady march by social publishers, including Facebook and Twitter, to curb online abuse and make life on the platforms safer  —   or at least free of trolls  —   for users. In addition to   efforts made by Facebook this summer, Twitter said in November that it would roll out new tools to protect users from hate speech and abuse. And on Monday, a coalition of companies including Facebook, Google, Twitter and Microsoft, said that they had teamed up to stop the spread of terrorism propaganda around the web.",0
4725,"NATO Sends A Message To Russia, This Is Horrifying","Via UsualRoutine SPONSORED LINKS 
They will simply point to the seizure of the Crimea and the Russian military’s continuing support for the rebels in eastern Ukraine as a sure sign of Moscow’s growing assertiveness. Mr.Putin also says that the Russian military threat is being exaggerated in the West to justify increased military spending. 
Well there is certainly a good deal of hyperbole in some sections of the Western media. The transit of the small naval task force led by Russia’s sole and ageing aircraft carrier – the Admiral Kuznetsov – through the English Channel, for example, sent many British newspapers into a spin. Not a new Cold War 
Frequent stories about the interception of Russian aircraft or Russian submarines all suggest a return to the more uneasy years of the Cold War. Russia has shown in the recent past that it is sometimes ready to use force in Europe to secure its goals Nato defence chiefs in Brussels want to reassure worried alliance members and send a clear message to Moscow that they can respond to aggression The recent transit of a small naval task force led by the Admiral Kuznetsov (above) through the English Channel sent many British newspapers into a spin 
The simple fact is that this is not a Cold War Mark II – far from it. Russia with its declining economy is nothing like the Soviet Union, which aspired to establish a different world order to that pursued by the capitalist West. Russia is in many ways a weak country. Its leadership has a strong sense of encirclement – a view that the West is only eager to do it down – and, rightly or wrongly, this is driving Mr Putin’s more assertive approach. 
That is what is making Nato allies like the three Baltic Republics and Poland so worried. That is why countries like Romania and Bulgaria worry about Russia’s behaviour in the Black Sea region. And that is why Nato has sought to provide visible and highly symbolic reinforcements to its northern and south-eastern flanks. Hard times 
But Nato has to square a circle here. Despite Mr Putin’s barbs, there is no great enthusiasm for a new conventional arms race. Nato says it is responding to the threat posed by Russia through deterrence Canadian Defence Minister Harjit Singh Sajjan argues the Nato alliance is coming together and operating with greater cohesion. The economies of the European allies, for a start, are generally not in great shape. Indeed Europe is distracted by the migrant crisis sweeping in from the Middle East and the self-inflicted drama of Britain’s planned exit from the EU. 
So the problem here in Brussels has been to do enough both to reassure worried Nato members and to send a clear message of deterrence towards Moscow. The Americans are sending a heavy armoured brigade to western Europe, bringing the total number of US Brigade combat teams on the continent to three. 
The new brigade will initially go to Poland and then elements will deploy to Romania, Bulgaria and the three Baltic republics. Equipment for a further US brigade will be pre-deployed in Europe. But the whole point of sending a signal of deterrence is not that the US shoulders all of the burden but that as many Nato countries as possible are involved. Still in business 
The method of doing this is by the deployment of four multi-national battalions – one to each of the Baltic republics and the other to Poland. Each of these units will be about 1,000 strong, comprising in most cases mechanised infantry, with a few supporting arms. The UK, for example, will lead the battalion going to Estonia. 
It will have Warrior armoured fighting vehicles, a small number of tanks and additional companies of French and Danish troops. The US will lead the battalion going to Poland, along with a small number of British and Romanian soldiers. Canada and Germany will lead the remaining two battalions again with small additions to give them a multi-national character. 
Canada’s Minister of National Defence, Harjit Sajjan, told me his country would be commanding the battalion going to Latvia. In his view, the deployment of these multi-national units early next year demonstrates the alliance “coming together, showing the ability to operate together and greater cohesion”. “It is”, he said, “an open and transparent message of deterrence.” 
But the reassurance effort is not just northwards. Canada will be participating in a new air policing operation in the south-east – probably based out of Romania – and a Canadian warship will also be dispatched to the Black Sea to help provide an enhanced Nato presence. But I put it to him that in practice these are very small forces. Enhanced battalions are surely not going to impress Moscow? Not surprisingly the Canadian defence minister disagreed, insisting that the multi-national model sent “a very strong message to Russia”. 
Nato is taking small military steps to underline to Moscow that it still is very much in business and that despite all the clouds on Europe’s horizons it can make decisions swiftly and deploy forces accordingly. Of course, there is political and military theatre in all of this. This is not a Cold War Mark II but it is a sign of an increasingly assertive Russia Are Russian tank armies ready to sweep westwards, as they were at the height of the Cold War? Probably not. But is Russia ready to use force in Europe, where it can to secure its goals? Most certainly. Countries like Georgia and Ukraine still have far more to fear from Moscow than Nato. 
But the alliance’s security rests upon meaningful guarantees that its member states are all in it together, both in good and bad times. This week has been about consolidating and underlining those guarantees – the message to Moscow is clear.",0
4726,"[HOT] Bill HOLTER : Economic World War 3 & $50,000 GOLD !!",source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
4727,Lin-Manuel Miranda’s Final Bows in ‘Hamilton’ on Broadway - The New York Times,"  Miranda’s final bows for his farewell performance in “Hamilton” on Saturday night seemed routine, if overly humble for the departure of the show’s star and mastermind. He even shared his bows with the other cast members also exiting the show, including Phillipa Soo and the Tony winner Leslie Odom Jr. But then the theme song to “The West Wing” kicked in from the orchestra pit. Mr. Miranda giggled and took a couple of shy bows, only to turn around and be embraced then pushed back to the front of the stage by Christopher Jackson, who plays George Washington, for a proper bow. Still, the curtain call lasted no more than two and a half minutes, despite fervent applause, which had been consistent throughout the night. The opening number received multiple standing ovations, as did many others. But Mr. Miranda and other performers would pause for only a minute each time before moving the show forward. Afterward, in the pouring rain, hundreds and hundreds of fans filled West 46th Street, waiting for Mr. Miranda to emerge from the stage door at the Richard Rodgers Theater. Instead, Mr. Miranda appeared, “Evita”  on a balcony atop the theater’s marquee. Holding an umbrella and waving to fans, he paced from one side of the marquee to the other, occasionally stopping to hold his left hand over his heart to show gratitude. Then he was gone. “It’s over, folks,” a police officer yelled as he tried to keep the crowd out of the street. “There’s no more. ” Despite the rain, many people were reluctant to leave, greeting other cast members at the stage door and holding out for another possible appearance by Mr. Miranda. Inside, he had gotten his hair cut, now that he no longer needed it long for the role. Fans had begun to wait for him much earlier in the day. An hour before the 8 p. m. curtain, hundreds of people flanked the stage door to watch cast members and V. I. P.s come and go, and others stood across the street. Many didn’t even have tickets. “Hamilton” merchandise abounded:   posters and even a woman’s clutch that read “Talk Less,” the advice Aaron Burr gives Hamilton throughout the show. Around 7:10 p. m. Ms. Soo  —   who plays Hamilton’s wife, Eliza  —   entered through the stage door, escorted by her fiancé, the actor Steven Pasquale. He later walked out and approached a police officer, Mike Sullivan, who was standing near the box office and has been assigned to the theater’s block for six years. “Thank you for everything,” Mr. Pasquale said to him. Mr. Sullivan shook his hand, smiled and said, “Of course. ” Nearby, at the front of the   line, was a family of four from Florida. They had bought their tickets in February when their daughters, Katie and Sarah Lafferty, fell in love with the cast recording. And their father, Mike, expected the show to be good, he said, because “the first lady says it’s the best art she’s ever seen in her life. ” So Mr. Lafferty looked ahead at a   block of tickets. This weekend just happened to be the cheapest option. Not so much for recent ticket buyers. Clara Lacey, a    from Los Angeles, flew to New York to see Mr. Miranda’s final performance, and her family bought her a single ticket just a few hours before the show. They paid about $1, 500. Once the house opened at 7:30 p. m. winners of the “Hamilton” ticket lottery  —   a small number of coveted $10 seats are distributed through an online system  —   could claim their prizes. Among them were a young actress, Haleigh Ciel, and her friend Byron Chang. Like many of the other winners, they were excited to have finally won and gotten a chance to see Broadway’s hottest show. But they had no idea this was Mr. Miranda’s farewell. “Oh my God,” Ms. Ciel said. “Now I feel so incredibly honored. ” Others did know, and they were understandably excited for the night. Michelle Foronjy, who works at a Toyota dealership on Long Island, said she screamed when she found out that she had won the lottery and expected to be squeezing her boyfriend’s hand with excitement all night. She was still holding on to him as they left the theater. Celebrities came through the box office doors at a steady pace. Jennifer Lopez, who recently collaborated with Mr. Miranda on a benefit song to aid those affected by the Orlando massacre, attracted attention with the flashes of paparazzi, as did John Kerry with his security detail. (Abigail, a   dog, noticed them but seemed unfazed.) Spike Lee came for his eighth “Hamilton” performance. Mariska Hargitay showed up for the 10th time. No one seemed as devoted as Rosie O’Donnell, who said this was her 24th time, including performances Off Broadway at the Public Theater. Ms. O’Donnell lamented the cast departures, and Ms. Hargitay in particular was preparing for an emotional evening of saying goodbye to Mr. Odom. “There are going to be a lot of tears,” she said. “Oh no, I’m starting to cry just saying that. ” Among the stragglers was Charlie Rose, as well as two young women  —   one of whom, as she was walking through the lobby doors, looked at her ticket and said, “These aren’t great seats. ” Her companion replied: “Who cares? We get to see it. ”",0
4728,Snowden Reveals Who Really Rules The United States – It's Not The Russians,"Share on Facebook Edward Snowden believed that the government fundamentally “had noble intents,” as did the American people. However, admitting he was naive, Snowden discusses the upper echelons of government and how they are pervaded with corruption, giving him the understanding that led him to do what he did – whistleblow on mass surveillance programs. Snowden insists that the importance of the citizen in having the right to know and understand the policies that govern us – namely, one in particular, surveillance – and that this right is vital to our democratic functioning. It's important to revisit this notion and ask the question ‘why?’ Why did Edward Snowden whistleblow on the government's surveillance program? Did he have an axe to grind? No. He simply saw a fundamentally flawed system, vitally wrong governing, and asked why haven't the citizens been told? As Snowden points out in a talk he gives, the vast majority of Congress knew nothing about the programs maintained and instituted, nor was the Senate and House fully briefed on covert actions. He points out the political unwillingness, post 9/11 , to confront difficult questions about what was right and wrong, in this regard. Why didn't the public have the opportunity to participate in debate about their security and wellbeing? Why were top officials unaware of this? Only a small handful of officials knew of these ongoing policies. The creation of mass surveillance programs behind closed doors “illustrates” an “institutional momentum” that is “changing the boundaries of the rights that we enjoy as free people in a free society,” Snowden says. Mass surveillance is a critical issue. It still continues to violate civil and political rights. Snowden, however, is arguably only a glitch on the top of the echelon's radar. He can only report on what he knew, not current behind the doors policy, which most government and legal bodies still know nothing about – or are only fed scraps. The system of government has essentially degraded our society. Our democratic processes have eroded away, not allowing us to know about the issues , let alone policy that is still being engaged in. Snowden doesn't claim to have all the answers., but he is able to assist in the steps along the way, ensuring that his efforts aren't in vain and that we don't forget. Snowden eloquently puts it “We have lost the freedom to associate with our judgement.” And that in itself, is where the real danger rests. Related:",0
4729,"Kenyan refugee kills co-worker, self","Kenyan refugee kills co-worker, self 3 others shot by 'hard worker' fired from job Published: 6 mins ago 
ROANOKE, Va. (AP) — A refugee from Kenya killed one former co-worker, wounded three others and then killed himself Tuesday in a workplace shooting that authorities are still trying to unravel in Virginia, police said. 
Getachew Fekede, 53, had entered the U.S. through a refugee immigration program and worked for the railcar manufacturer FreightCar America before being fired in March when he stopped showing up for work, Roanoke Police Chief Tim Jones told reporters. 
A neighbor told the Associated Press that Fekede quit his job over being harassed by a co-worker. Clarence Jones said Fedeke would send money to his mother back in Kenya and had grown concerned about his finances.",0
4730,Dalian Wanda of China Offers a Carrot to Hollywood - The New York Times,"BEVERLY HILLS, Calif.  —   Wang Jianlin, chairman of the Dalian Wanda Group, the Chinese conglomerate that is emerging  —   controversially  —   as a superpower in the entertainment business, sat in an opulent armchair at the Peninsula Hotel here on Sunday and discussed his business ventures with a casual efficiency. His response to criticism from a member of Congress that Wanda, after a spectacular $8 billion shopping spree in Hollywood, is a propaganda threat and should be subject to more Justice Department scrutiny? It is “not like we are invading,” Mr. Wang said, contending that Wanda’s goal involves “helping” American film companies “to get more market share in the emerging movies market that is China. ” (And, of course, making money for Wanda along the way.) Mr. Wang, visiting California to unveil sizable financial incentives aimed at wooing American productions to Wanda’s new $5 billion studio complex in China, went on to call himself an “angel” investor. He noted that Wanda had purchased struggling companies like AMC Theaters and Legendary Entertainment  —   “the best companies would not sell to us”  —   and strengthened them. AMC’s stock price, for instance, has risen 64 percent since Wanda bought it for $2. 6 billion in 2012. But what about concerns that Wanda is moving aggressively in Hollywood as part of a move by the Communist Party to control the portrayal of China on screen? Mr. Wang, who noted that Wanda was focused on entertainment “profit” 14 times during a   interview, said storytelling decisions by American studios in relation to China, with or without Wanda ownership, were about maximizing returns at the   Chinese box office. “More Chinese elements mean more Chinese profits,” he said. Mr. Wang arrived by private jet over the weekend to wrap up Wanda’s latest acquisition  —   the company is buying Dick Clark Productions for about $1 billion  —   and dangle an enormous carrot in front of Warner Bros. 20th Century Fox, Paramount, Universal and Walt Disney. Wanda and the Qingdao municipal government have established a major incentive program to lure movie and TV production to the   Qingdao Movie Metropolis. Billed as an effort to “bridge the entertainment capitals of the world,” the program will provide a 40 percent rebate on certain production spending in Qingdao, which is about 450 miles north of Shanghai and is the site of Wanda Studios, still under construction. Scheduled to fully open in 2018, Wanda Studios will feature 30 advanced soundstages, including the world’s largest at over 107, 000 square feet an underwater stage and a   back lot. The rebate on each film or television production will be limited to $18 million. The total amount available to disperse will be $150 million annually. There will be three classifications of rebate productions, according to Wanda, and only one of those would require Chinese cultural elements, Chinese actors and Chinese investors  —   films classified by the Chinese government as   that are not subject to import limits. (Only 34   films are allowed to play in the country annually and those must suit Chinese censors.) Applications will be evaluated by a   committee of government officials and Wanda executives, a Wanda spokeswoman said. The incentives plan was to be announced on Monday by Mr. Wang Eric Garcetti, the mayor of Los Angeles Cheryl Boone Isaacs, the president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and Jack Gao, the head of Wanda’s Cultural Industry Group. A private dinner for 100 studio executives and agency chiefs was planned, with performances from acrobats, magicians and a Chinese pop star. Mr. Wang, a spry former military officer who is said to be China’s richest man, said he hoped that an additional $3 billion in Qingdao amenities  —   “international hospitals, international schools, yacht clubs, hotels, shopping”  —   would make American stars and marquee directors more willing to spend months at a time working there. “Like going on a vacation” is how he described it. He added that the incentives were not just about busying Wanda Studios and increasing the supply of movies to Wanda’s theaters, both in China, where it controls 3, 056 screens, and elsewhere. “Am I a fool? Of course not,” he said, with a laugh, before alluding to Wanda’s vast real estate division. “Because I attract so many people, that place will become very popular and famous. And the value of the land there will increase. And I can sell more houses. ” If successful, the rebates could shift the global movie incentives game, in which Hollywood has moved production to locales like Canada, Romania and New Zealand. Legendary Entertainment has plans to film at least two movies under the program, including a sequel to “Pacific Rim. ” In an interview, Mary Parent, Legendary’s production chief, dismissed concerns that Wanda was seeking to push a   agenda. “There has been zero interference with storytelling,” she said. Ms. Parent, an   producer highly regarded in Hollywood, added that Wanda had made it possible for Legendary to increase its output. “Unlike most Hollywood companies, we’re not operating in a   environment, which creates tremendous opportunity,” she said. Still, Mr. Wang’s trip probably won’t do much to ease concerns by some lawmakers, editorial writers and lobbyists about the ambition of Wanda, which has financial ties to relatives of senior Chinese Communist leaders. In an Oct. 6 letter to the Justice Department, Representative John Culberson, Republican of Texas, called for heightened oversight of Chinese moves in Hollywood. Mr. Culberson cited “serious concerns” about how Chinese media acquisitions “may be used for propaganda purposes. ” Mr. Wang said that Wanda intended to control 20 percent of the world’s movie theater seats by 2020. It currently has about 13 percent, including those run in Europe by the Odeon and UCI Cinemas Group, which Wanda bought for $650 million. By 2020, Wanda aims to have annual revenue of $100 billion and net profits of $10 billion. With its real estate growth slowing, Wanda is also moving into sports. It recently paid $1. 2 billion for Infront Sports and Media, a sports marketing company, and tourist destinations, including a $3. 5 billion entertainment, shopping and hotel complex outside Paris. “Cash flow for real estate in China is not stable in the long term,” he said. Wanda remains interested in buying more Hollywood companies as it seeks growth, including a major studio, he added. “If it is a very good company,” he said, there will be “no ceiling” for the price offered. As Wanda pushes deeper into filmed entertainment, the company plans to build a $1. 2 billion headquarters in Beverly Hills “to aid in China’s entry into Hollywood’s film industry and generally promote Chinese culture abroad,” Wanda said in a news release. But it is clear that Mr. Wang, who spoke to The New York Times with the assistance of an interpreter, has gotten the message that a bit less bombast might help smooth Wanda’s forward march. Take his approach to Disney. In the spring, as Disney was opening its first theme park resort on the Chinese mainland, the $5. 5 billion Shanghai Disneyland, Mr. Wang went on the attack. “The frenzy of Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck and the era of blindly following them have passed,” Mr. Wang said on state television in May. At the time, Disney called his remarks “patently absurd. ” On Sunday, however, Mr. Wang struck a friendly tone. “We respect Disney,” he said. “Competition is unavoidable,” he added, noting that Wanda has five    properties open in China and seven more under construction. “But I respect Disney very much. ” Mr. Wang said he had personally visited every Disney resort in the world, with the exception of the Shanghai outpost. In person, Mr. Wang came across as a disciplined executive  —   he arrived at exactly 8:59 a. m. for a 9 a. m. appointment and stayed exactly one hour  —   who cared only about making money and not tinkering with scripts. He said that he had not seen any video from “The Great Wall,” a coming $150 million Legendary Entertainment film starring Matt Damon. He “is not quite into the technical details like that, because the entire movie sector in Wanda accounts for only   or   of the revenue,” he said. Wanda’s culture division, which includes the theme parks, domestic movie theaters and sports holdings, made a profit of 43. 9 million Chinese renminbi, or $6. 5 million, in the first half of 2015, against assets of about $11 billion, according to a Wanda stock prospectus. The more   that Mr. Wang can appear, of course, the better Wanda will fare among those calling for heightened scrutiny of its entertainment dealings. But all that matters to Hollywood is Wanda’s money. The mainstream movie industry, after all, has been only too happy to   its scripts in an effort to appease Chinese regulators and win clearance into a   market. By that measure, Qingdao applications should already be rolling in.",0
4731,Parents Battle State of Georgia to Name Their Child ’Allah’ - Breitbart,"The parents of a    child are battling the state of Georgia over their daughter’s last name. [Elizabeth Handy and Bilal Walk say that the Georgia Department of Health refused to give a birth certificate to their infant daughter with the last name “Allah,” the Atlanta   reported.  The state of Georgia, on the other hand, says that their daughter’s name, ZalyKha Graceful Lorraina Allah, does not follow state law that requires the child’s last name to be Handy, Walk, or a combination of the two. The American Civil Liberties Union of Georgia has stepped in to represent the couple, who say they cannot get a Social Security number for their daughter because she has no birth certificate and could potentially face issues with traveling, health care access, and enrolling in schools. “We have to make sure that the state isn’t overstepping their boundaries,” Walk said. “It is just plainly unfair and a violation of our rights. ” Lawyers representing the Department of Public Health say that Georgia state law “requires that a baby’s surname be either that of the father of the mother for purposes of the initial birth record. ” Once the birth record is created, the parents can petition the superior court to change ZalyKha’s surname, according to general counsel Sidney Barrett. ACLU Georgia Executive Director Andrea Young argues that the state’s decision is an example of government overreach that violates the First and 14th Amendments. The couple also claims that they were able to get a birth certificate for their    son named Masterful Allah without a problem. Lawyers for Handy and Walk say the couple has been unable to obtain Medicaid coverage and food stamps through the SNAP program. The couple said they wanted to name their child Allah because it was a “noble” name and denied that it was for religious reasons. “Simply put, we have a personal understanding that we exercise in regards to the names,” Walk said. “It is nothing that we want to go into detail about, because it is not important. What is important is the language of the statute and our rights as parents. ” This is not the first time the state has rejected a request to name a child after a religious figure. A Tennessee judge rejected a family’s request to name their son “Messiah” in 2014 because she believed Messiah could only describe Jesus Christ and placed an “undue burden” on the child that he could not fulfill. That judge was later fired, and the judge’s decision was overturned.",0
4732,Another Woman at the March Madness Mike? That Only Took 2 Decades - The New York Times,"When Debbie Antonelli got the phone call from CBS Sports a month ago, asking her if she was interested in working this year’s N. C. A. A. men’s basketball tournament as an   analyst, she said, “Yes, of course. ” How could she not be? After 29 years as a sideline reporter and analyst at hundreds of games, after thousands of miles traveling and thousands of hours studying teams and plays and players, Antonelli, 52, was being asked  —   finally  —   to be a leading voice at what she considers basketball’s Super Bowl. Her husband, Frank, congratulated her. Her three sons were excited, too. “My sons said a few ‘wows’ and ‘Ooh, I hope you get this team and that team,’” Antonelli said Wednesday in a phone call from the   line at her youngest sons’ high school. “But my coolness factor lasted about three minutes. ” I like the way her sons think. In 2017, why must it be news that a woman like Antonelli, who has worked men’s games since the   was chosen as a broadcaster for two rounds of men’s N. C. A. A. tournament games? Women have broadcast   men’s games for years. Doris Burke, who calls N. B. A. games for ESPN and ABC, has been a staple of broadcast coverage for two decades, and Jessica Mendoza, the Olympic softball player, has had a leading role in ESPN’s baseball coverage since 2015. In 2015, Beth Mowins, who had called college football games for years, became the second woman to work as a    announcer for an N. F. L. game. What makes Antonelli’s recent hiring remarkable, though, is just how long it has been since the last woman, Ann Meyers Drysdale, worked on an N. C. A. A. men’s tournament broadcast. Meyers Drysdale helped call two rounds  —   in 1995. I asked Antonelli about that yawning gap, and she couldn’t explain it, saying, “I don’t have the answer for that. ” I asked Meyers Drysdale about it, too, and she was just as perplexed. “To me, gender is not that big a deal,” she said. “A    is a   . There are plenty of people qualified to call the game, and plenty of them are women. “You might want to ask who’s in charge of the hiring. ” So I called Sean McManus, the chairman of CBS Sports, and did just that. “I don’t really know the answer to that question,” he admitted, “except probably it was easy to keep assigning the cast of regulars to the tournament. It just wasn’t on our radar screen. ” The thing is, McManus said he had watched and admired Antonelli, who is under contract with ESPN, for so many years that he couldn’t pinpoint the date when he had first noticed her. And when, he said, someone at CBS brought up her name this year  —   along with the idea to use her broad expertise in an analyst’s role, rather than for infrequent hits as a sideline reporter  —   the group decided, “Boy, that’s a ” But if it was a   why did two decades go by without someone thinking of hiring her? It could be, McManus said, that Antonelli works for ESPN, and CBS Sports didn’t think it could hire her away for the tournament, which the network ended up doing quite easily this year. Or, he said, it was “probably just an oversight and a little bit of a lack of creativity, perhaps. ” McManus was clear that Antonelli had finally been hired because of her expertise, because of her reputation for preparation and good work  —   and not because she is a woman. Antonelli knows that her big chance will come with   pressure to succeed, in terms of her getting another shot, and for all women who want to be treated equally in roles that remain, to many, male domains. “There’s no margin for error if you hear a woman’s voice during a broadcast,” Antonelli acknowledged. “If you make a mistake, they’ll say, ‘It figures.’ And they will blame it on me being a woman. ” Antonelli tries not to think about that. Instead, she thinks about basketball. A North Carolina native and   starter on N. C. State’s team, she began her broadcasting career calling Ohio State women’s games. And from there, she never stopped. Dayton’s men. Missouri Valley Conference contests. Her Twitter bio reads like a bowl of alphabet soup: The W. N. B. A. CBS. ESPN. Raycom. She has called the Women’s Final Four on radio and worked the A. C. C. men’s tourney on television. One thing she has not done, though, is dwell on being a woman in sports. “I know this is a big issue for women, for me to work these games, and I think it’s a sad state of affairs that this is the case,” she said. “Just look at the generations of girls who have played this game and how far they have come. But this is still an issue? I don’t even think about the woman part of it. I think about being an athlete. ” Also on her mind: doing the job well. When CBS Sports announced that Antonelli would join its broadcasting team, she was in her car, trying to focus on the two games she would be working that night at the A. C. C. women’s tournament in Conway, S. C. Texts, phone calls and emails poured in, all offering congratulations. Antonelli marked the moment in a familiar way: She drove straight to a Waffle House and ordered her usual: a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich, with a cup of coffee. She will get her assignments after the bracket is filled on Sunday. Until then, Antonelli has no time to waste, no time to debate critics on Twitter, no time to pat herself on the back for breaking into a man’s realm. No time, because she has work to do.",0
4733,North Korea’s Launch of Ballistic Missiles Raises New Worries - The New York Times,"SEOUL, South Korea  —   North Korea launched four ballistic missiles from its   rocket launch site on Monday morning, the South Korean military said. The launch prompted South Korean security officials to call for the early deployment of an advanced American missile defense system that has provoked China. The missiles took off from   in northwest North Korea, and flew an average of 620 miles before falling into the sea between North Korea and Japan, said Noh   a South Korean military spokesman. The type of missile fired was not immediately clear, but Mr. Noh said it was unlikely that they were intercontinental ballistic missiles, which the North had recently threatened to test launch. During a meeting of the National Security Council, Hwang   the acting president of South Korea, called for the early deployment of the American missile defense system known as Thaad, or Terminal   Area Defense. The United States and South Korea have agreed to complete the Thaad deployment within the year. They say it is meant to protect South Korea and American military sites there from North Korean missiles. But China says Thaad would undermine its own nuclear deterrent and has hinted at economic retaliation against South Korea. Mr. Hwang also called on his government to look aggressively for “ways to effectively strengthen the United States’ extended deterrence” for South Korea, referring to Washington’s ability to deter attacks on its allies with the help of its nuclear forces. Mr. Hwang did not elaborate, but his comment came days after The New York Times reported that President Trump’s national security deputies recently discussed various options against North Korea, including the possibility of reintroducing nuclear weapons to South Korea as a bold warning. “If North Korea gets a hold of nuclear weapons, its consequences are too horrible to think about,” Mr. Hwang said. In his New Year’s Day speech, the North Korean leader, Kim   said his country was in the “final stage” of preparing for its first ICBM test. In February, the North launched a ballistic missile that the United States Strategic Command determined was not a threat to the United States, but North Korea has said it is ready to test launch an ICBM. The North’s missile launching came as the United States and South Korea were conducting their annual joint military exercise. North Korea calls such drills a rehearsal for invasion and has often responded by conducting missile tests. On Thursday, the North Korean military called the joint exercise a drill for “nuclear war” and vowed to take unspecified strong measures. The next day, the North’s main   newspaper, Rodong Sinmun, hinted at more missile tests, saying, “New strategic weapons of our own style will soar into the sky. ” North Korea has boasted of an ability to strike the continental United States with a   missile. It has never tested a missile capable of flying across the Pacific, although it has displayed what outside analysts said were ICBMs during military parades in recent years. Strong doubt also remains over the North’s claim that it can manufacture a nuclear warhead small enough to be fitted onto such a missile. But its test on Feb. 12 demonstrated its advancing ballistic missile technology. The test involved   a new   ballistic missile that the North said can carry a nuclear warhead. The multiple missile launchings illustrated the frustration of the United Nations Security Council over its inability to halt or contain North Korea’s nuclear ambitions with punitive economic sanctions. An investigative report released a week ago by a panel of experts concluded that the country’s leaders had developed an international smuggling network to foil the sanctions and outmaneuver enforcement measures. The report described a matrix of North Korean companies with bogus identities used to accrue cash, technologies and materials for the government’s weapons development. In remarks to reporters on Monday morning, Yoshihide Suga, the chief cabinet secretary to Japan’s prime minister, Shinzo Abe, said the missiles appeared to have fallen into the sea in an exclusive economic zone around Japan. Mr. Suga called the missile launch a “serious threat to our security” as well as “extremely problematic behavior from the viewpoint of security of aircraft and ships. ” He said the government had protested to North Korea. “We just cannot accept such repeated provocations,” he said.",0
4734,NY Times’ Haberman: Reports Bannon ’Neutered’ Fake News,"New York Times White House Correspondent Maggie Haberman tweeted on Wednesday about President Donald Trump’s top adviser Steve Bannon. She noted that despite ongoing media reports that he is losing influence in the West Wing, that is clearly not the case. [Time to stop insisting Bannon was actually neutered  …    .  —   Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) May 10, 2017,   Haberman has been influential in breaking stories about what goes on in the Trump White House. Last month after nonstop reporting about Bannon being “removed” from the National Security Council, the facts about his decision to no longer be a part of the principals committee was revealed by Bannon himself. “Susan Rice operationalized the NSC during the last administration,” Bannon said in a statement. “I was put on to ensure that it was  . ” “General [H. R.] McMaster has returned the NSC to its proper function,” Bannon said, referring to Trump’s National Security Adviser. In fact, Breitbart News reported that one day after the story broke about Bannon’s decision he attended a National Security Council meeting. “Bannon is still permitted to go to NSC meetings,” Fox News reported the day before Bannon attended a council meeting. CNBC reported that Bannon can attend council meetings by invitation of the president or McMaster. “He is one of the president’s closest and most trusted advisers,” a White House source told CNBC when asked why Bannon attended.",0
4735,"Black Turnout Soft in Early Voting, Boding Ill for Hillary Clinton","Black Turnout Soft in Early Voting, Boding Ill for Hillary Clinton Jeremy Peters et al., New York Times, November 1, 2016 
African-Americans are failing to vote at the robust levels they did four years ago in several states that could help decide the presidential election, creating a vexing problem for Hillary Clinton as she clings to a deteriorating lead over Donald J. Trump with Election Day just a week away. 
{snip} 
The reasons for the decline appear to be both political and logistical, with lower voter enthusiasm and newly enacted impediments to voting at play. In North Carolina, where a federal appeals court accused Republicans of an “almost surgical” assault on black turnout and Republican-run election boards curtailed early-voting sites, black turnout is down 16 percent . White turnout, however, is up 15 percent. Democrats are planning an aggressive final push, including a visit by President Obama to the state on Wednesday. 
But in Florida, which extended early voting after long lines left some voters waiting for hours in 2012, African-Americans’ share of the electorate that has gone to the polls in person so far has decreased , to 15 percent today from 25 percent four years ago. 
The problems for Democrats do not end there. In Ohio, which also cut back its early voting, voter participation in the heavily Democratic areas near Cleveland, Columbus and Toledo has been down, though the Clinton campaign said it was encouraged by a busy day on Sunday when African-American churches led voter drives across the state. 
{snip} 
The Clinton campaign believes it can close the gap, especially in North Carolina and Florida, by Election Day. And Democrats are seeing substantial gains in turnout for other key constituencies like Hispanics and college-educated women, which have the potential to more than make up for any drop-off in black voting. 
{snip}",0
4736,It’s Only A Matter of Time: THIS Is What Will Cause Gold Prices to Move in 2017,"Home » Silver » Silver News » It’s Only A Matter of Time: THIS Is What Will Cause Gold Prices to Move in 2017 
“If The Fed Has to Hike Interest Rates to Control Price Inflation, It’s GAME OVER!” 
Alasdair MacLeod Joins Us From London to Warn“Its Only A Matter of Time”: THIS Is What Will Cause Gold to Move in 2017: 
MacLeod Joins Us For A Crucial Market Update, Discussing: 
No Gold and Silver Correction in Pound Sterling – Gold ROARS in 2016 Risk of Price Inflation Driven By MASSIVE Monetary Inflation – Signs Indicate It’s Already Beginning! MacLeod Makes The Case for Gold – Inflation Will Arrive in 2017 – Complete Replica of 1970’s Stagflation! Alasdair Explains Why Just 3% Inflation in America Could Trigger Banking Crisis and Financial Collapse! We’re In a Depression! If You Subtract Inflation, GDP Has Subtracted Ever Since the Lehman Crisis! 
DOC’S GOLD & SILVER MARKET UPDATE: After delays reported at most of the AP’s and wholesalers on nearly all gold coins with gold’s dip under $1250, tightness in the physical gold market eased this week and most gold bullion investment coins and bars became readily available again at the wholesale level. 
The Wholesale Silver Market Remains Tight, Mostly Unchanged: 

Wholesale premiums rose again slightly on 90% Junk Silver Coins this week, with supply remaining scarce and delayed. 
After reporting whopping sales last week of nearly 1.5 million 2016 Silver Eagles coins, the Mint reported only 250,00 Silver Eagles sold this weeking, bringing October Silver Eagle coin sales to 3,675,000, and Year to Date Sales to 34,250,500. 
The Sunshine Mint has finally caught up on production of SD Bullion’s most popular silver round, the Sunshine 1 oz Walking Liberty rounds which is now back in stock after experiencing 3-4 week delays in early October. 
No major changes to report for the rest of the wholesale silver market over the past week.",0
4737,Italy Brokers Deal Between Dozens of Rival Libyan Tribes To Stem Migrant Crisis,"ROME (AFP)  —   The Italian government said Sunday that dozens of rival tribes in southern Libya had agreed to cooperate on securing the country’s borders in an effort to curb the influx of migrants trying to reach Europe. [Italy’s interior ministry said the 60 tribal leaders  —   notably the Tuareg of the southwest, the Toubou of the southeast, and the Arab tribe of Awlad Suleiman  —   had reached the   deal after 72 hours of secret talks in Rome.  A representative from Libya’s   Government of National Accord, which is based in Tripoli and controls western Libya, was also present. “A Libyan border patrol unit will be operational to monitor Libya’s southern border of 5, 000 kilometres (3, 100 miles),” Italian Interior Minister Marco Minniti told Italy’s La Stampa newspaper, one of several Italian media outlets reporting on the deal Sunday. “Securing Libya’s southern border means securing Europe’s southern border,” Minniti said. Southern Libya is   by smuggling routes for people, drugs and weapons. Since the 2011 uprising that ousted Moamer Kadhafi, a mosaic of tribal and ethnic forces is fighting for control of illicit trade and oil fields in the region. Tuaregs control the border with southern Algeria, while further east, the Toubou operate along the borders with Chad and Sudan. Arab tribes in the region have supported the authorities in western Libya, but they also maintain ties with a rival administration that holds sway in the east  —   and regularly clash with the Toubou. Fayez   chief of the fragile GNA, has struggled to impose the government’s authority, despite its backing by many political and military leaders. The accord, whose details have not yet been released, is the latest in a series of deals European countries have sought to reduce migration from Libya, which has increased sharply in recent months. The deal aims to combat “an economy based on illicit drugs, which causes hundreds of deaths in the Mediterranean, thousands of desperate people looking for a better life, a populist push (in Europe) and a jihadist threat in the desert,” according to the text of the agreement, quoted in the Corriere della Sera newspaper. It also calls for job training programmes to keep young people from criminal activities. Some 24, 200 people have been rescued from the Mediterranean and registered at Italian ports so far this year, according to the Interior Ministry. As part of an earlier agreement with the European Union, about 90 members of the Libyan coastguard are currently completing training under the EU, and Italy is preparing to return 10 coastguard boats to Libya that it seized in 2011. They are expected to be operational by the end of April or in early May. In March, interior ministers from several EU and North African countries reached a deal with the GNA to stem flow of migrant and human smuggling, which included pledges of money, coastguard training and equipment for Libya.",0
4738,"U.S. busts $300 million fraud ring of phony IRS callers, arrests 56","Print 
After all those scam phone calls — and threats we’d be arrested if we didn’t pay up — many of us just knew that it wasn’t really the IRS on the line. But who was it? And when would the authorities ever catch these jerks? 
And could somebody please make those awful calls stop? 
At last, we’re hearing about a major break in the case. After a three-year joint investigation, the U.S. Department of Justice obtained an indictment involving 56 alleged fraudsters based in the United States and also five call centers in India, all accused of tricking people into paying fake tax bills either by wire or placing money on prepaid cards. 
The United States will be seeking the extradition of those based in India and warned others engaged in similar schemes. 
The indictment accuses the U.S. arm of the network of grabbing the cash off the prepaid cards and then laundering the money. It also accuses fast-talkers at the call centers of tricking victims into thinking they were talking to the IRS — or authorities from the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.",0
4739,Russian Theatre Cancels Jesus Christ Superstar After ‘Blasphemy’ Accusations,"Originally appeared at Pravoslavie.ru 
A Siberian theatre triggered a storm today by cancelling a staging of Andrew Lloyd Webber’s musical Jesus Christ Superstar after a pro-Kremlin nationalist group condemned it as blasphemy. 
The touring production by Saint Petersburg’s Rock Opera theatre was due to open November 1 in the Musical Theatre of the city of Omsk, but the organisers cancelled it this week following protests by conservative activists. 
In a report from Omsk, Regnum news agency wrote today that the scandal “has prompted a major public reaction”. 
It quoted art critic Vadim Klimov as saying: “Today you cannot say that Russia is a secular state.” 
An obscure group called Family, Love, Fatherland had appealed to regional authorities to stop the staging and applied to hold a demonstration, accusing the long-running musical of “non-stop blasphemy” and “mockery of faith”. 
The closure comes as relatively small numbers of nationalist activists with Orthodox beliefs are voicing their views more and more stridently, supported by some officials. 
Amnesty International called the cancellation of the show “the latest example of interference in Russian cultural life by nationalist ‘activists’.” 
The region’s culture ministry distanced itself from the decision to stop the show, with a spokesman saying the promoter cancelled the show “for some reasons of its own,” RIA Novosti state news agency reported. 
The Omsk diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church also denied any “interference” in the theatre’s repertoire. 
Last year a director and the head of another Siberian theatre in Novosibirsk went on trial for “desecrating religious symbols” over a staging of Richard Wagner’sTannhauser opera. The case was dropped, but the theatre’s head was sacked. 
Rossiya-24 state television reported the decision to close Lloyd Webber’s “legendary rock opera” was most likely taken by the theatre “fearing to repeat the fate” of the Tannhauser staging. 
The musical was first staged in Russia in 1990 during Mikhail Gorbachev’s perestroika reforms. 
Russia made offending religious believers a criminal offence after the Pussy Riot punk band performed a song slamming President Vladimir Putin in a Moscow church in 2012.",0
4740,"Ron Paul: Blame Government, Not Markets For Monopoly","Ron Paul: Blame Government, Not Markets For Monopoly 11/01/2016 
EURASIA REVIEW 
When Time-Warner announced it planned to merge with another major communications firm, many feared the new company would exercise near-total monopoly power. These concerns led some to call for government action to block the merger in order to protect both Time-Warner’s competitors and consumers. 
No, I am not talking about Time-Warner’s recent announced plan to merge with AT&T, but the reaction to Time-Warner’s merger with (then) Internet giant AOL in 2000. Far from creating an untouchable leviathan crushing all competitors, the AOL-Time-Warner merger fell apart in under a decade. 
The failure of AOL-Time-Warner demonstrates that even the biggest companies are vulnerable to competition if there is open entry into the marketplace. AOL-Time-Warner failed because consumers left them for competitors offering lower prices and/or better quality. 
Corporate mergers and “hostile” takeovers can promote economic efficiency by removing inefficient management and boards of directors. These managers and board members often work together to promote their own interests instead of generating maximum returns for investors by providing consumers with affordable, quality products. Thus, laws making it difficult to launch a “hostile” takeover promote inefficient use of resources and harm investors, workers, and consumers. 
Monopolies and cartels are creations of government, not markets. For example, the reason the media is dominated by a few large companies is that no one can operate a television or radio station unless they obtain federal approval and pay federal licensing fees. Similarly, anyone wishing to operate a cable company must not only comply with federal regulations, they must sign a “franchise” agreement with their local government. Fortunately, the Internet has given Americans greater access to news and ideas shut out by the government-licensed lapdogs of the “mainstream” media. This may be why so many politicians are anxious to regulate the web. 
Government taxes and regulations are effective means of limiting competition in an industry. Large companies can afford the costs of complying with government regulations, costs which cripple their smaller competitors. Big business can also afford to hire lobbyists to ensure that new laws and regulations favor big business. 
Examples of regulations that benefit large corporations include the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) regulations that raise costs of developing a new drug, as well as limit consumers ability to learn about natural alternatives to pharmaceuticals. Another example is the Dodd-Frank legislation, which has strengthened large financial intuitions while harming their weaker competitors. 
Legislation forcing consumers to pay out-of-state sales tax on their online purchases is a classic case of business seeking to use government to harm less politically-powerful competitors. This legislation is being pushed by large brick-and-mortar stores and Internet retailers who are seeking a government-granted advantage over smaller competitors. 
Many failed mergers and acquisitions result from the distorted signals sent to business and investors by the Federal Reserve’s inflationary monetary policy. Perhaps the most famous example of this is the AOL-Time-Warner fiasco, which was a direct result of the Fed-created dot.com bubble. 
In a free market, mergers between businesses enable consumers to benefit from new products and reduced prices. Any businesses that charge high prices or offer substandard products will soon face competition from businesses offering consumers lower prices and/or higher quality. Monopolies only exist when government tilts the playing field in favor of well-connected crony capitalists. Therefore those concerned about excessive corporate power should join supporters of the free market in repudiating the regulations, taxes, and subsides that benefit politically-powerful businesses. The most important step is to end the boom-bust business cycle by ending the Federal Reserve. 
This article was published by RonPaul Institute .",0
4741,WATCH: Netanyahu Thanks House For Condemning UN Resolution,"TEL AVIV  —   Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked the U. S. House of Representatives on Friday for disavowing the UN Security Council’s resolution condemning Israeli settlement activity as a “flagrant violation of international law. ”[“After the outrageous   resolution at the UN, the U. S. House of Representatives voted yesterday resoundingly to support Israel and reject this   resolution,” Netanyahu said.  “I want to thank the U. S. House of Representatives, which reflects the tremendous support Israel enjoys among the American people. They voted to either repeal the resolution at the UN or change it  —   and that’s exactly what we intend to do. ” “Democrats and Republicans alike know that the Western Wall isn’t occupied territory,” he added. A similar measure is expected from the Senate this week. House Resolution 11 called on the U. S.  —   which abstained from the Security Council vote  —   to “oppose and veto future United Nations Security Council resolutions that seek to impose solutions to final status issues, or are   and  . ” “The passage of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 undermined the longstanding position of the United States to oppose and veto United Nations Security Council resolutions that seek to impose solutions to final status issues, or are   and   reversing decades of bipartisan agreement,” the resolution continues, in reference to President Barack Obama’s decision to abstain from the vote. The resolution echoes Israel’s view that the UN vote will make peace even more elusive, saying it “undermines the prospect of Israelis and Palestinians resuming productive, direct negotiations, contributes to the politically motivated acts of boycott, divestment from and sanctions against Israel and represents a concerted effort to extract concessions from Israel outside of direct negotiations. ” House Speaker Paul Ryan urged the entire House to support the resolution. “I am stunned  —   I am stunned at what happened last month,” Ryan said in a statement on the floor. “This government, our government, abandoned our ally Israel when she needed us the most. ” State Department spokesman John Kirby said over the weekend that the Obama administration’s decision to abstain from the vote “was about preserving the   solution, which we continue to believe is the only way to ensure Israel’s future as a Jewish and a democratic state  —   living    in peace and security with a viable and independent Palestinian state. ” However, many Republicans have expressed the view that the   solution is no longer viable. “The   solution has run its course,” said Rep. Steve King ( ) who is a close confidant of the incoming Trump administration. Israel is concerned that Obama may seek more resolutions defining parameters for a peace framework at the UNSC during his final days in office. However, the president’s foreign policy adviser, Ben Rhodes, has denied this and said the administration intends to use its veto. Meanwhile, Israel announced on Friday that it was cutting funding as “an act of protest” against UN agencies that are considered to be  . “It is unreasonable for Israel to fund bodies that operate against us at the UN,” Ambassador to the UN Danny Danon said. “The UN must end the absurd reality in which it supports bodies whose sole intent is to spread incitement and   propaganda. ”",0
4742,"Cubs Oust Giants to Reach N.L.C.S., for Once on Good Side of a Big Rally - The New York Times","SAN FRANCISCO  —   As pitch after pitch played out, the goblins of past heartbreak began to creep back. If tales of goats, a fan named Steve Bartman and past playoff collapses and curses began to be revisited, another very real specter appeared in the head of Joe Maddon, the manager of the Chicago Cubs. It had dreadlocks, a barrel chest and a history of throwing darts at his team’s hitters. It was sitting in the home dugout on Tuesday night. “Johnny Cueto was etched all over my frontal lobe,” Maddon said of the San Francisco Giants pitcher who was itching for another shot at the Cubs in a     game back at Wrigley Field. “And I didn’t like it. ” There was a lot for Maddon not to like. The Cubs’     defeat the previous night seemed to have awoken the Giants, their October mojo now in full force behind the pitching of Matt Moore, who had held the Cubs to two hits through eight innings. Three more outs remained, and three runs needed to be scored, or the Cubs would be forced to return home for a fifth game of this National League division series amid their fans’ anxious embrace. Then the Cubs made something happen that usually seems to happen only to them. They not only got up off the mat, they seemed to crawl out from underneath it, scoring four times in the ninth inning to finish off the Giants with a   victory, winning the series, three games to one. When Aroldis Chapman, who gave up the lead on Monday night, blew a fastball past Brandon Belt for the final out, the Cubs emptied out of the dugout and mobbed one another on the infield grass, ecstatic to be back in the National League Championship Series for the second consecutive season. They will now await their next opponent  —   the Los Angeles Dodgers or the Washington Nationals  —   as they pursue their first World Series berth since 1945 and first championship since 1908. In the meantime, they can relish rebounding to vanquish the Giants, who had won the 2010, 2012 and 2014 World Series and a record 10 consecutive elimination games. “Any time you can survive like that against an October giant  —   it’s hard to finish any team in the postseason, let alone a team with that kind of character and competitors,” said Theo Epstein, the Cubs’ president for baseball operations. “What an amazing feat, to do it like that. ” When the Cubs came to bat in the ninth, their hopes were buoyed by the removal of Moore, who had allowed just two hits and two walks and struck out 10. He had also thrown 120 pitches. If a   lead seemed like a comfortable one for the Giants to protect, it was not so with their bullpen, which was about to blow its 32nd save of the season. One by one, a parade of five relievers came to the mound, none of them able to stop the Cubs. Kris Bryant singled. Anthony Rizzo walked. Ben Zobrist lined a double down the   line. When   Willson Contreras singled up the middle, he pounded his chest with his fist as he rounded first base, knowing that Zobrist had come around to tie the score. If the relievers let down the Giants, so did shortstop Brandon Crawford, who made two errors, one of which gifted the Cubs a run in the fifth. The other one set up the  . After Contreras’s hit, Jason Heyward bunted the ball back to pitcher Will Smith, who fired a strike to Crawford for a forceout. But Crawford, trying for a double play, sailed his throw past the first baseman, Belt, and into the Cubs’ dugout, sending Heyward to second. Javier Baez’s single up the middle scored Heyward, putting the Cubs in front. Baez jubilantly pounded his hands together as Heyward slid home. Zobrist understands well the power that a comeback like the Cubs’ can have in the playoff. Last year, he was with Kansas City, down by four runs in the eighth inning of an elimination game, when the Royals rallied to beat the Houston Astros and rode that momentum to a championship. “Every group has to find that identity,” Zobrist said. “We did it during the season, but you still have to find that identity in the postseason as well. ” That identity was forged on the eve of the playoffs, when the Cubs  —   who had the best record in the majors, with 103 victories  —   were gathered on the pitcher’s mound during a workout last Wednesday. “I said that something bad is going to happen, and we have to stay in the moment and maintain our composure,” said Maddon, who wore a customized wet suit during the team’s celebration in the clubhouse. “That was the exact message. ” Those moments have always been fraught for the Cubs, owing to their history of postseason heartbreak. In 1984, they ventured west to play the San Diego Padres with a   lead in a   National League Championship Series but lost three in a row. In 2003, they were again one win away from advancing to the World Series but lost three in a row, including the last two at home, to the Florida Marlins. For much of Tuesday night’s game, the Cubs seemed to be setting the stage for another one of those endings. Both starting pitchers, Moore and the Cubs’ John Lackey, arrived Tuesday having established almost immediately in their careers that they could rise to the occasion on a playoff stage  —   and they did so with Maddon on their bench. Moore’s second start in the big leagues was in the opener of a 2011 American League division series, when he rewarded Maddon, his manager at Tampa Bay, with a   shutout over seven innings at Texas. Lackey became the rare rookie to start and win a World Series Game 7, helping the Anaheim Angels beat the Giants in 2002. Lackey, an irascible Texan whose teammates steer clear of him on days he pitches, boarded the team bus on Tuesday afternoon with a black cowboy hat pulled down over his eyes. “Nothing’s contrived or fabricated with him,” said Maddon, who was the bench coach with the Angels when Lackey came up. “That’s who he is. ” Lackey muttered a few cross words to himself when the Giants scored twice in the fourth to take a   lead. After Crawford struck out, Conor Gillaspie and Joe Panik singled. Then Lackey walked Gregor Blanco, loading the bases. That brought up Moore, who did not have a hit in the big leagues until this season. After looking at the first two pitches for strikes, Moore lashed a single to right field, putting the Giants ahead and equaling his career R. B. I. total. It was the latest big hit by a pitcher in this series, though the first by one of the Giants. The Cubs’ pitchers had hit two home runs and driven in six runs in this series. Another run came across when Denard Span grounded to Rizzo at first base. Rizzo threw to second for a forceout, but Addison Russell’s return throw was just behind Lackey, who couldn’t keep his foot on the bag. Lackey retired Belt on a fly ball to avoid further damage, but it was his last pitch of the night. The Cubs closed to   in the fifth, when Crawford’s   throwing error on Baez’s grounder set up David Ross, who had earlier hit a solo homer. He lined an   pitch from Moore deep enough to right field to score Baez. Crawford quickly atoned for his mistake, crushing the first pitch he saw from reliever Justin Grimm off the top of the    brick wall in   field, good for a double that keyed a   rally, building the Giants’ lead to   which Moore carried into the ninth. It seemed then as if it would be enough, but perhaps for the Cubs it was a prelude to when they can write an even more satisfying ending.",0
4743,Connecticut to Appeal Decision in Schools Funding Case - The New York Times,"The State of Connecticut said on Thursday that it would appeal a sweeping ruling in a schools funding case that ordered it to   virtually the entire education system. “There are strong arguments that the trial court exceeded its authority and the standards articulated by the Connecticut Supreme Court, and so today we are asking that court to review this ruling,” Attorney General George C. Jepsen said in a statement. In the   case, Judge Thomas G. Moukawsher of State Superior Court in Hartford found last week that Connecticut was “defaulting on its constitutional duty” to give all children an adequate education because the state was allowing students in poor districts to languish while those in wealthy districts excelled. Judge Moukawsher gave the state 180 days to revamp teacher evaluations and compensation, school funding policies, special education services and graduation requirements. The ruling was met with enthusiasm by elected officials in some of the state’s poorer cities, but others, including the state’s teachers’ union, objected. Sheila Cohen, the president of the union, the Connecticut Education Association, in a statement on Thursday called Judge Moukawsher’s decision “broad and overreaching. ” Advocates for people with disabilities were also troubled by aspects of the ruling, which suggested that some students might be too disabled for educational services, while also calling for more equitable access to services. Nancy B. Alisberg, managing attorney at Connecticut’s Office of Protection and Advocacy for Persons With Disabilities, part of a national network of civil rights organizations, said she worried that “schools could say, ‘Oh no, this child is too disabled, they won’t benefit from an education, so we don’t have to provide them with anything.’ It is, frankly, terrifying. ” Ms. Alisberg added, “I think it boils down to a belief on the part of the court that there are certain students who, based on the level of their disability, don’t deserve an education. ” The state said in its appeal that Judge Moukawsher demanded changes to educational policies that could be enacted only by the Connecticut General Assembly. “This decision would wrest educational policy from the representative branches of state government, limit public education for some students with special needs, create additional municipal mandates concerning graduation and other standards and alter the basic terms of educators’ employment  —   and entrust all of those matters to the discretion of a single, unelected judge,” Mr. Jepsen, a Democrat, wrote in his statement. There have been dozens of school funding lawsuits across the country. But this one, known as Connecticut Coalition for Justice in Education Funding v. Rell, was set apart by the extent of the changes the judge required, which went far beyond dollars. The coalition said it was weighing its options. Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, a Democrat, has stood on both sides of the case. When the lawsuit was filed in 2005, Mr. Malloy, then the mayor of Stamford, spoke out in support. Years later, he appointed Judge Moukawsher to his current seat on the bench. Now the state is resisting the judge’s decision. Mr. Malloy said in a statement that he accepted the attorney general’s decision to appeal and hoped systemic education problems could be addressed in the coming session of the General Assembly, calling a legislative approach “always preferable to a judicial decision. ” “We hope that this moment marks the start, rather than the stalling, of a statewide dialogue around finding a better way to fund our schools, which ultimately results in a better solution for our students and communities,” the governor said. “We should act together, and we should do it sooner rather than later. ”",0
4744,"Comment on Hillary is So Unpopular, She Has to Pay Off Youth Voters and Fabricate Her Rallies by DL","  Tim Brown 
Among the many Wikileaks emails that were dumped this summer, it was clear that Hillary Clinton is not as popular as the media would have you believe. In fact, it became clear that she has no real support in a hacked email to the point where she was forced to pay young voters to stump online for her. 
The Gateway Pundit reported : 
She’s the astroturfed candidate. Hillary is SOOO unpopular that she has to pay off young voters to support her and show up at her rallies. 
5 Biggest Scoops from the #DNCLeaks WikiLeak 
Wikileaks released nearly 20,000 hacked emails it says are from the accounts of Democratic National Committee officials on Friday. 
The emails are devastating for Hillary Clinton. According to at least one hacked email Hillary Clinton has no real support and must pay youth voters to defend her online. She also pays millennials to show up at her rallies. 
Hillary’s support is all a lie. It’s all astroturfed. Everything this woman does is all a lie – even her rallies are fabricated. 
If Attkisson’s explanation were not enough, how about this tweet regarding the mainstream media putting their collective useful idiot heads together to pitch the same propaganda about Donald Trump. 5 Biggest Scoops from the #DNCLeaks https://t.co/vmTiepsPkj 
— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) July 23, 2016 
This should have come as no surprise. 
If you remember when her campaign kicked off in 2015, I reported on the fact that more than 50% of her Twitter followers were either completely fake or inactive . 
Additionally, when she had her Iowa kickoff event, a whopping 22 people showed up . The majority of those were reporters! 
Hillary Clinton only has the backing of the media and rabid anti-American liberals, and even then, it looks like she’s having to pay them to actually do anything to support her. In other words, her candidacy is completely contrived. 
Courtesy of Freedom Outpost 
Tim Brown is an author and Editor at FreedomOutpost.com , SonsOfLibertyMedia.com , GunsInTheNews.com and TheWashingtonStandard.com . He is husband to his “more precious than rubies” wife, father of 10 “mighty arrows”, jack of all trades, Christian and lover of liberty. He resides in the U.S. occupied Great State of South Carolina. Tim is also an affiliate for the Joshua Mark 5 AR/AK hybrid semi-automatic rifle . Follow Tim on Twitter . Don't  ",0
4745,Cancer Survivor Receives First Penis Transplant in the United States - The New York Times,"A man whose penis was removed because of cancer has received the first penis transplant in the United States, at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. Thomas Manning, 64, a bank courier from Halifax, Mass. underwent the   transplant operation on May 8 and 9. The organ came from a deceased donor. “I want to go back to being who I was,” Mr. Manning said on Friday in an interview in his hospital room. Sitting up in a chair, happy to be out of bed for the first time since the operation, he said he felt well and had experienced hardly any pain. “We’re cautiously optimistic,” said Dr. Curtis L. Cetrulo, a plastic and reconstructive surgeon and a leader of the surgical team. “It’s uncharted waters for us. ” The surgery is experimental, part of a research program with the ultimate goal of helping combat veterans with severe pelvic injuries, as well as cancer patients and accident victims. If all goes as planned, normal urination should be possible for Mr. Manning within a few weeks, and sexual function in weeks to months, Dr. Cetrulo said. Mr. Manning welcomed questions and said he wanted to speak out publicly to help dispel the shame and stigma associated with genital cancers and injuries, and to let other men know there was hope of having normal anatomy restored. “Don’t hide behind a rock,” he said. He said he was not quite ready to take a close look at his transplant. He will have to take several   drugs for the rest of his life. One of them, tacrolimus, seems to speed nerve regeneration and may help restore function to the transplant, Dr. Cetrulo said. Another patient, his penis destroyed by burns in a car accident, will receive a transplant as soon as a matching donor becomes available, Dr. Cetrulo said. Surgeons at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine are also planning to perform penis transplants, and have had a combat veteran, injured in Afghanistan, on the waiting list for several months. Dr. Cetrulo estimated the cost at $50, 000 to $75, 000. Both hospitals are paying for the procedures, and the doctors are donating their time. Worldwide, only two other penis transplants have been reported: a failed one in China in 2006 and a successful one in South Africa in 2014, in which the recipient later fathered a child. Veterans are a major focus of transplant programs in the United States because suicide rates are exceptionally high in soldiers with severe damage to the genitals and urinary tract, Dr. Cetrulo said. “They’re   to    guys, and they feel they have no hope of intimacy or a sexual life,” he said. “They can’t even go to the bathroom standing up. ” Given the psychological toll, he said, a penis transplant can be lifesaving. Dr. Cetrulo said the team would most likely perfect its techniques on civilian patients and then move on to injured veterans. It will also train military surgeons to perform the transplants. The Department of Defense, he said in an email, “does not like to have wounded warriors undergo unproven techniques  —   i. e. they do not want them to be ‘guinea pigs,’ as they have already sacrificed so much. ” His team is working on ways to minimize or even eliminate the need for   medicines, which transplant patients typically have to take. That research is especially important for veterans, he said, because many are young and will risk serious adverse effects, like cancer and kidney damage, if they have to take the drugs for decades. From 2001 to 2013, 1, 367 men in the military suffered   genitourinary injuries in Iraq or Afghanistan, according to the Department of Defense Trauma Registry. Nearly all were under 35 and had been hurt by homemade bombs, commonly called improvised explosive devices, or I. E. D. s. Some lost part or all of their penises. The Massachusetts General team spent three years preparing for the penis transplants. The team did meticulous dissections in a cadaver lab to map out anatomy, and operated on five or six dead donors to practice removing the tissue needed for the transplants. Mr. Manning’s operation involved about a dozen surgeons and 30 other health care workers. Dr. Dicken Ko, a team leader and the director of the hospital’s regional urology program, said the team had not planned a set number of transplants. Instead, he said, the hospital will evaluate candidates one at a time and decide whether to allow surgery. For now, he said, the transplants will be limited to cancer and trauma patients, and will not be offered to transgender people. An accident at work in 2012 brought Mr. Manning to the hospital, and ultimately to the transplant team. Heavy equipment had fallen on him, causing severe injuries. The doctors treating him saw an abnormal growth on his penis that he had not noticed. Tests revealed an aggressive and potentially fatal cancer. Penile cancer is rare, with about 2, 030 new cases and 340 deaths expected in the United States this year. If not for the accident, Mr. Manning said, “I would’ve been in the ground two years ago. ” Doctors said that to save his life, they would have to remove most of his penis, in an operation called a partial penectomy. Mr. Manning’s urologic oncologist, Dr. Adam S. Feldman, estimated that a few hundred men a year needed full or partial penectomies because of cancer. Mr. Manning was left with a stump about an inch long. He had to sit to urinate. Intimacy was out of the picture. He was single and was not involved with anyone when the cancer was found. After the amputation, new relationships were unthinkable. “I wouldn’t go near anybody,” he said. He continued: “I couldn’t have a relationship with anybody. You can’t tell a woman, ‘I had a penis amputation. ’” Some people close to him urged him to keep the operation a secret, but he refused, saying that was like lying, and he had nothing to be ashamed of. “I didn’t advertise, but if people asked, I told them the truth,” he said, adding that a few male friends made “guy talk” jokes at his expense, but that it toughened him up. “Men judge their masculinity with their bodies,” he said. Before he had even left the hospital after the amputation, he began asking Dr. Feldman about a transplant. No one at the hospital was considering the idea yet, and Dr. Feldman admits that he thought it was a bit outlandish. But Mr. Manning never gave up hope. “I kept my eye on the prize,” he said. Soon Dr. Cetrulo and Dr. Ko began talking about transplants. About three years later, Dr. Feldman called Mr. Manning to ask if he still wanted the operation. After a battery of medical tests, interviews and psychological grilling  —   typical for transplant candidates, to make sure they understand the risks and will take   medicine  —   Mr. Manning was on the waiting list. Two weeks later, a donor with the right blood type and skin tone became available. Mr. Manning was stunned that it had happened so fast. Dr. Cetrulo credits the New England Organ Bank, which asks families of some dying patients to consider organ donation. The organ bank said the donor’s family wished to remain anonymous but had extended a message to Mr. Manning saying they felt blessed and were delighted his recovery was going well. Organ banks do not assume that families who donate internal organs like kidneys and livers will also be willing to give visible or intimate parts like a face, hands or a penis. Those requests are made separately. Several families have agreed to allow the penis to be removed, and none have declined, said Jill Stinebring, the organ bank’s regional director of organ donation services. So far, Mr. Manning has had one serious complication. The day after his surgery, he began to hemorrhage and was rushed back to the operating room. Since then, his recovery has been smoother, he said. He has no regrets. He looks forward to going back to work and hopes to eventually have a love life again. “If I’m lucky, I get 75 percent of what I used to be,” he said. “Before the surgery I was 10 percent. But they made no promises. That was part of the deal. ”",0
4746,New York Times Tries to Compare Comey to Hoover. Here Are 4 Reasons That's Idiotic,"The New York Times is huffy over the fact that FBI director James Comey announced the re-opening of the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, so they’re trying to compare him to J.&nbs  ",0
4747,"Horror As Cop Sees Slumped Woman’s Hand, Gets Worse As He Looks In Backseat","Share This 
A police officer in Hope, Indiana was dispatched to an unusual car in a Dollar General parking lot. Much to his surprise, he found 25-year-old Erika Hurt unconscious with her body slumped in the front seat and her head tilted back. However, the situation would soon turn to horror when the police officer saw what was in the driver’s hand — and it was only made worse as he looked in the backseat. Erika Hurt 
Unfortunately, the situation took a dark turn as soon as the officer opened the car door and saw what the woman was clutching onto — a heroin needle still in Hurt’s hand. The situation was only be made worse when he looked in the backseat to see the woman’s 10-month-old baby sitting there all alone, crying. 
Officers say that Hurt had overdosed on the drug and, after being revived by police, was quickly rushed to an area hospital where she is recovering. Since that time, Hurt has officially been charged with child neglect and possession of drug paraphernalia. Heroin needle still in Erika Hurt’s hand 
The troubling images were released to the public, and although most people understand why Town Marshal Matthew Tallent shared the image, a few naysayers have expressed their belief that it was inappropriate to show a woman in such a condition – but this isn’t one man you want to mess with. 
“I’m trying to show people that this just isn’t a city problem. The heroin epidemic is leaking into small town America and it’s getting really bad,” he told Mail Online . “Not only did this woman overdose and nearly die but, had she not passed out from the drug, she would have driven out of the car park and could still have been driving while passed out or under the influence. She could have killed another innocent family.” 
Fortunately, Tallent did inform the public that the child was physically unharmed, but as he noted, things could have ended much differently. The drug problem here in America is very serious, and we’re seeing it seep into the crack and crevasses of every small town in our nation at this point. 
If ever there was an argument to better secure our border, this would be it. If I’ve learned one thing in this world, it’s that you can’t help anyone who doesn’t want to help themselves. With that being said, though, a lot fewer people would need such help if these drugs weren’t so easily making their way into this country. Build that wall, Mr. Trump.",0
4748,New Zealand’s Earthquake Literally Lifted The Sea Floor Two Metres Into The Air -,"@TonkinTaylor/Twitter / Via Twitter: @TonkinTaylor 
Environmental and engineering consultants Tonkin and Taylor tweeted aerial shots of the destruction on Wednesday, two days after the quake. The scale of the “uplift” is estimated to be between two and two and a half metres. @TonkinTaylor/Twitter / Via Twitter: @TonkinTaylor 
“This is not at all surprising as Kaikoura experiences the fastest uplift as it sits on the [tectonic] plates, which are pushing up under there,” marine geologist Neville Exon told BuzzFeed News. 

“The kelp positioned on top shows it is an uplift of the seabed through the sand a couple of metres,” Exon said, commenting on a picture posted by Facebook user Anna Redmond. “The kelp positioned on top shows it is an uplift of the seabed through the sand a couple of metres,” Exon said, commenting on a picture posted by Facebook user Anna Redmond. 
“So much devastation,” Redmond posted. One photo shows a disgruntled crustacean adjusting to life above sea level atop a bed of seaweed and abalone. 
More than 600 Kaikoura residents were evacuated by boat and helicopter following the quake, which killed two people. But Kaikoura’s sewerage system is still not working and many train tracks and roads remain in ruins. 
Some of the tourist town’s population of 2,000 residents have chosen to remain at home until the roads are cleared. ",0
4749,UN Members Pass Nine Measures Targeting Israel,"November 10, 2016 UN Members Pass Nine Measures Targeting Israel 
While Americans were voting in an election watched around the world Tuesday, at the U.N. in New York it was business as usual, as a key General Assembly body passed nine draft resolutions condemning Israel. 
In most of those votes at the General Assembly’s fourth committee, the United States and Canada joined Israel and a small handful of others in rejecting the resolutions. The lopsided vote counts were 86-7, 158-6, 159-1, 156-6, 156-6, 155-6, 156-6, 151-7 and 153-1. 
One of two resolutions which Israel stood alone in opposing was sponsored by Syria’s Assad regime, and demanded that Israel relinquish its control of the “occupied Syrian Golan” – a reference to the Golan Heights, the strategic ridge which Israel captured from Syria during the 1967 Six Day War and formally annexed in 1981.",0
4750,Russia Finds No Signs of Explosion in Black Sea Plane Crash - The New York Times,"MOSCOW  —   Russian investigators said on Thursday that they had found no evidence that an explosion occurred aboard a Russian military plane that crashed into the Black Sea, killing all 92 passengers and crew, but that they had not ruled out the possibility of a terrorist attack. “It was obvious that the equipment worked abnormally,” the Russian transportation minister, Maxim Sokolov said, adding that it would be “up to experts to find out” why that happened. The plane crashed Sunday en route to Syria after a refueling stop in the Russian resort city of Sochi. In the aftermath, the Russian authorities stressed that they believed it was unlikely that an attack had brought down the jet, a Tupolev 154, but they made clear at the news conference on Thursday that they were leaving open the possibility. “We have come to conclusion that there was no explosion on board,” said Lt. Gen. Sergei D. Bainetov, the leader of the investigation. “Apart from an explosion on board, there could be some mechanical impact of any kind. A terrorist act is not necessarily connected with an explosion. ” Both flight data recorders have been recovered, and General Bainetov said it would take at least a month to draw final conclusions about what caused the crash. Although General Bainetov said the data had revealed “no obvious technical failures,” he said the military’s use of the Tupolev 154  —   a workhorse of the Soviet air transportation system that has been phased out by most civilian airlines but which is still used by government agencies  —   had been suspended until the investigation was completed. The plane was carrying performers and staff members of the Alexandrov Ensemble, a famed orchestra and choir known for renditions of classical Russian songs and folk tunes. The performers on the plane were scheduled to appear at a celebratory concert for Russian service members at the Khmeimim Air Base in Syria. Nine journalists were also on board, as was Yelizaveta P. Glinka, a prominent philanthropist and aid worker. President Vladimir V. Putin sent army troops, but mostly aircraft, to Syria, contending that Russia needed to address the terrorist threat before it arrived in his country, but it is widely believed that his primary goal was to keep President Bashar   a top ally, in power. On Thursday, Mr. Putin announced that the Syrian government had reached a   agreement with rebels. At the news conference in Moscow, General Bainetov said that the plane began its descent into the Black Sea after reaching an altitude of 820 feet, traveling at 230 miles per hour. The plane crashed into the water just 70 seconds after takeoff, and the emergency “situation” lasted only 10 seconds. Mr. Sokolov, the transportation minister, said that the plane fell apart after hitting the water and the seabed. The search operation was mostly concluded, he said. Nineteen bodies and 230 human fragments were lifted from the sea, as were 13 big, and almost 2, 000 small, parts of the plane. One of the dead has been identified and buried at a military cemetery near Moscow. Others will be identified with the help of genetic analysis, officials said.",0
4751,Phoenix TV Station Uncovers Soros Voting Machine Fraud,"Previous Phoenix TV Station Uncovers Soros Voting Machine Fraud 
Independent TV station, News Channel 3 in Phoenix has uncovered problems with the George Soros voting machines. The machines are set to rig the election in Arizona, which one of 16 states that are using George Soros’ voting machines. PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL AND DON’T FORGET TO “LIKE” US 
This is the absolute best in food storage. Dave Hodges is a satisfied customer. Don’t wait until it is too late. Click Here for more information.",0
4752,"Teen Stabbed, Throat Slashed on Busy London High Street","A young man was stabbed and had his throat slit in front of horrified shoppers on a busy west London street Friday afternoon. No arrests have been made so far. [Southall Broadway was sealed off by police officers after being called at 12. 20pm to the scene of the stabbing.  The teenaged male victim was quickly given first aid, then rushed to hospital by air ambulance. His injuries were later confirmed by the police not to have been   the Evening Standard has reported. An witness to the incident, who asked not to be named, told the paper: “There was a bit of a commotion and then this man just collapsed in the street. “Within seconds an ambulance and about four police vans arrived at the scene. They started giving him first aid around his neck. “It must have been within 30 seconds or so a helicopter arrived and two or three police cans started going around the side streets. ” “The man was outside walking and somebody came and randomly stabbed him in the side of his back and slit his throat. ” She added: “People were just completely shocked and some just started taking cover in the shops thinking it might be another terror attack. ” A spokesman for the Met Police has said that there was no reason to believe at this stage that the attack was terror related, and that no arrests have been made so far. “Police were called Southall Broadway, Ealing, at approximately 12. 20pm on 16 June to reports of a stabbing,” he said. “Officers, London Ambulance Service and London Air Ambulance attended the scene. A male, aged in his late teens, was taken to a west London hospital. ” The attack comes less than two weeks after a man was stabbed and slashed in nearby Southall Park at 11. 50am, during an altercation with two men. No arrests were made in connection with that incident. The victim was said to have suffered “superficial” wounds, including a   slash across his chest.",0
4753,Penn State Fined $2.4 Million For Handling Of Sandusky Case - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Nation Puts 2016 Election Into Perspective By Reminding Itself Some Species Of Sea Turtles Get Eaten By Birds Just Seconds After They Hatch WASHINGTON—Saying they felt anxious and overwhelmed just days before heading to the polls to decide a historically fraught presidential race, Americans throughout the country reportedly took a moment Thursday to put the 2016 election into perspective by reminding themselves that some species of sea turtles are eaten by birds just seconds after they hatch. Cleveland Indians Worried Team Cursed After Building Franchise On Old Native American Stereotype CLEVELAND—Having watched in horror as their team crumbled after a 3-1 World Series lead, members of the Cleveland Indians expressed concern Thursday that the organization has been cursed for building their franchise on an incredibly old Native American stereotype. Report: Election Day Most Americans’ Only Time In 2016 Being In Same Room With Person Supporting Other Candidate WASHINGTON—According to a report released Thursday by the Pew Research Center, Election Day 2016 will, for the majority of Americans, mark the only time this year they will occupy the same room as a person who supports a different presidential candidate. Nurse Reminds Elderly Man She’s Just Down The Hall If He Starts To Die DES PLAINES, IL—Assuring him that she’d be at his side in a jiffy, local nurse Wendy Kaufman reminded an elderly resident at the Briarwood Assisted Living Community that she was just down the hall if he started to die, sources reported Tuesday. ",0
4754,Trump Promotes World Peace As Hillary Calls For War,"Trump Promotes World Peace As Hillary Calls For War A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for WWIII The Alex Jones Show - October 27, 2016 Comments 
Hillary is continually pushing the world closer to World War 3 as Donald Trump calls her out on her suicidal foreign policy. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars Crew. Related Articles Download on your mobile device now for free. Today on the Show Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars crew. From the store FEATURED VIDEOS Expert: Trump has Already Won Election - See the rest on the Alex Jones YouTube channel . Democrats Plan To Burn Down U.S. If Trump Elected - See the rest on the Alex Jones YouTube channel . ILLUSTRATION How much will your healthcare premiums rise in 2017? >25% © 2016 Infowars.com is a Free Speech Systems, LLC Company. All rights reserved. Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice. 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force Brain Force – 25% OFF 34.95 22.46 Flip the switch and supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force the next generation of neural activation from Infowars Life. http://www.infowars.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/brainforce-25-200-e1476824046577.jpg http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force http://www.infowarsstore.com/health-and-wellness/infowars-life/brain-force.html?ims=tzrwu&utm_campaign=Infowars+Placement&utm_source=Infowars.com&utm_medium=Widget&utm_content=Brain+Force",0
4755,Condell: America’s Moment Of Truth,"Truth Revolt October 26, 2016 
As usual, Pat Condell nails it in this video commentary about the differences between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, about immigration, about Brexit, and more. 
Check out the video above — probably the best 8 minutes you’ll spend today. Condell helpfully provides related links below: 
Hillary Clinton embraces George Soros’ vision of an open border world",0
4756,Stephen Colbert: GOP ’Kicked America in the Balls’ with Obamacare Repeal Vote,"Stephen Colbert believes Republicans in the House “kicked America in the balls” with their passage of the American Health Care Act on Thursday. [During his Thursday night monologue on CBS’ Late Show, Colbert  —   whose use of a slur to describe the president earlier this week has apparently already been forgotten  —   railed against the bill, which is meant as a GOP alternative to former President Obama’s Affordable Care Act.  “The new bill would cut taxes for the wealthy up to $883 billion,” Colbert said during his nearly   monologue. “Now listen, if hearing that raises your blood pressure, calm down. You can’t afford the medication anymore. ” Colbert went on to skewer White House chief of staff Reince Priebus for a quote in which he said “the president stepped up and helped us punt the ball into the end zone. ” (The Hill journalist Molly Hooper later said she misquoted Priebus, and that he had said “punch” instead of “punt”). “Yes, a punt into the end zone,” Colbert repeated, quoting what Priebus did not say. “Accurate because it gives you zero points and gives your opponent good field position. ” “I think a more accurate football metaphor might have been, the GOP just kicked America in the balls,” he added. Colbert sparked a social media campaign to get him fired from CBS this week after referring to President Donald Trump’s mouth as “Vladimir Putin’s c*ck holster” during his Monday Late Show monologue. The host addressed the controversy during his Wednesday show, but stopped short of offering an apology. “I don’t regret that. He, I believe, can take care of himself. I have jokes, he has the launch codes. So, it’s a fair fight,” Colbert said Wednesday. “So while I would do it again, I would change a few words that were cruder than they needed to be. ”   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
4757,Texas Soldier Stands in Pouring Rain to Salute Funeral of Fellow Veteran,"A Texas soldier stationed at Fort Hood stood in the pouring rain as a funeral procession for a fallen veteran passed by on the highway. [Kenneth Varnes, a construction engineering soldier assigned to Fort Hood, noticed a funeral procession approaching him as he drove along Highway 195 in Kileen, Texas. Recognizing the flags on the vehicles’ windows as a sign of a veteran’s funeral, Varnes exited his vehicle in the pouring rain and stood at attention, saluting the fallen veteran and the family members in the procession.  Zachary Rummings snapped a photo of the soldier standing in the rain to honor a fellow veteran and posted it to Facebook. He asked if anyone recognized the soldier and to let him know who it was so that he could tag him in the picture. “He stood in the rain the entire time and saluted,” Rummings wrote. “Hats off and respect to that young man. Thank you. ” Not long after Rummings’ post, Varnes began receiving messages on social media alerting him to the photo, KWTX CBS10 reported. “This is probably going to make someone’s day, seeing me stand here, and I know how it is to go through a tough time like that, and I really just did it just to make someone’s day, that was it,” Varnes told the reporter. He said it was pouring when he stopped but lightened to a drizzle shortly after. “As soon as I got back in the truck, it poured again, which was really cool,” he explained. He said that after recognizing it as a veteran’s funeral procession, he did not think twice about his next move.  Without even knowing whose funeral was driving by, Varnes honored his fellow vet. “I don’t care if they were 80 years old, they were in World War II, they were in Vietnam, they were in Iraq, I don’t care if they were 20,” Varnes continued. “It’s a brotherhood. ” The photo went viral on social media. After posting it on his Facebook page, comments quickly poured in. A very proud father, Kenneth Varnes, Sr. expressed his pride in his young soldier son. “I am so proud that my son has grew into a very   young man, his Mom and me taught him no matter what you do in life always have respect, I love you SON. Poppa would be proud of you Son, Young people need to pay attention to this and learn. ” His   Ashley Jacobs wrote, “My step son has gone viral. Not for attention or recognition but for respect to a soldier and his family. I love you son! I’m proud of the man you’ve become. ” Another Facebook user, Teresita Rey posted, “Please keep sharing this. Let’s make it go viral! This is what respect looks like. I am a proud cousin right now. No one asked Kenneth to do this. He just got out and ignored the rain to focus on thanking a soldier for protecting this country. We need to see more actions like this on a daily basis. ♡” And from Florida, Taylor Campa posted, “Love, love LOVE this. You have such a wonderful and caring soul, Kenneth. Don’t you ever change!” Even the U. S. Department of Veterans Affairs piled on, honoring Varnes’ patriotism and sense of duty. “With a long line of patrol cars and vehicles with American flags hanging from their side windows, Kenneth Varnes, a Fort Hood soldier, knew it must be for a fallen Veteran. It was pouring rain and the sky roared with thunder, but Varnes felt compelled to do something. ” Varnes is married and has a newborn daughter. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
4758,Democrat States Use Nullification to End War on Marijuana,"Email 
Voters in at least four states decided to nullify unconstitutional federal statutes and United Nations drug-control treaties by officially ending marijuana prohibition, a major victory for the U.S. Constitution and the 10th Amendment. Three states — California, Massachusetts, and Nevada — completely legalized marijuana, even for recreational use by adults. By press time, it appeared that Maine's initiative to do the same was on its way to being successful. In Arizona, where conservative nullification efforts on other issues have been popular, voters narrowly decided to keep pot prohibition in place. Still, regardless of one’s views on cannabis, states’ rights scored a string of impressive successes this week. 
In Florida, voters overwhelmingly amended the state Constitution to end prohibition of medical marijuana for patients suffering from certain ailments. Recreational pot possession remains illegal. Joining Florida were Arkansas and North Dakota, two reliably conservative states where voters also decided to nullify federal and UN schemes by ending the criminalization of the controversial plant when used under doctors’ orders. Montana voters decided to further liberalize that state’s medical marijuana laws. Over half of American states have now in practice nullified unconstitutional federal cannabis policy, which generally prohibits the plant even for medicinal purposes. 
In the successful referenda on cannabis this week, the states’ decisions to buck the U.S. government and the UN all rely — whether knowingly or not — on a proper constitutional tool known as “nullification.” Essentially, nullification is a time-tested legal strategy to check unconstitutional federal statutes and policies at the state level. It was promoted by some of America’s most prominent Founders, such as Thomas Jefferson and James Madison, two of the men responsible for the nation’s founding documents. 
The idea behind nullification is simple: Under the U.S. Constitution, the federal government was delegated a few defined powers by the states. Prohibiting substances was not among those powers, hence the need for a constitutional amendment to ban alcohol. Ratifying UN treaties, whether on drugs or anything else, does not grant new powers to the federal government, as even the Supreme Court has made clear. As such, states have an obligation to interpose on behalf of their citizens by rejecting unconstitutional power grabs. In the past, numerous states have relied on similar strategies, including Wisconsin, which refused to return run-away slaves under the Fugitive Slave Act. 
Under the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, state governments and the people explicitly reserved all powers not specifically granted to the feds under the U.S. Constitution. Because drug policy is not constitutionally a federal power, states and the people retained all power in this field — unconstitutional federal statutes, regulations, and UN treaties notwithstanding. A constitutional amendment would be needed to legally change that. Regardless of one’s own feelings about marijuana, then, conservatives and constitutionalists concerned about federal lawlessness in other areas — everything from healthcare and environmental policy to gun control and abortion — should take a lesson. 
""The lesson here is pretty straight forward,"" said Michael Boldin, executive director of the non-profit Tenth Amendment Center. ""When enough people say, ‘No!’ to the federal government, and enough states pass laws backing those people up, there’s not much the feds can do to shove their so-called laws, regulations or mandates down our throats."" The TAC, which advocates for state nullification of unconstitutional acts, said the feds would be unable to enforce the drug war without state help, essentially nullifying the UN-inspired federal ban . 
California was, of course, the biggest prize for anti-prohibition forces. After becoming the first state to nullify federal and UN policies purporting to criminalize the plant for medicinal purposes some two decades ago, the most populous state in the union now joins Alaska, Colorado, Oregon, Washington State, and the District of Columbia in totally ending pot prohibition — even for recreation. With 56 percent support, the Golden State’s Proposition 64 ending prohibition of marijuana possession and cultivation for those over 21, also known as Adult Use of Marijuana Act, cruised to an easy victory. A tax of 15 percent and a range of regulations were also part of the measure. 
Some experts expect the trend to continue spreading. But not everybody is happy about it. While the federal government is constitutionally prohibited from interfering in state’s marijuana policies, the UN has been fuming about the anti-prohibition nullification wave for years . “I don’t see how [ending marijuana prohibition] can be compatible with existing [UN drug] conventions,” former Soviet diplomat Yury Fedotov, who serves as executive director of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), complained in 2014 after years of demanding that the U.S. government violate the Constitution to crack down on the phenomenon. “Of course, such laws fall out of line with the demands of these conventions.” 
Fedotov said the UN “Commission on Narcotic Drugs,” another globalist bureaucracy, shared his views. Speaking to reporters, the UN drug czar and former operative for the brutal communist regime ruling the Soviet Union, said it appeared to be part of a growing trend that the UN was monitoring. Asked whether there was anything the agency he runs could do about it, however, Fedotov promised merely to “raise the problem” with Obama’s State Department and other UN outfits next week. But even top Obama law-enforcement officials have publicly acknowledged that there is little to nothing they can do , and have “requested” a “flexible” interpretation of the crumbling UN regime . The Constitution is the reason why Obama has been powerless to stop the nullification. 
Among those at the forefront of the movement to stop prohibition is Law Enforcement Against Prohibition , a non-profit group of police, judges, prosecutors, and others who oppose prohibition for a number of reasons. In a phone interview with The New American , LEAP Executive Director Major Neill Franklin, a retired 34-year law-enforcement veteran, pointed to the U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights as among the key reasons why Americans from across the political spectrum should be celebrating the successful ballot initiatives to end marijuana prohibition from California to Massachusetts. 
“The Constitution and the Bill of Rights call for small, limited, less expensive government,” he said, expressing concerns that there may be federal efforts to push back against the trend in the years ahead amid a potential renewed focus on “law-and-order” policies. “The rights of the states to set their own policy — that’s one of the foundational principles of this country. I’m really hoping that we continue moving toward this return of powers to the states. This is about the 10th Amendment and the states´ rights to implement these reforms.” 
“We should be seeing this from the conservative perspective, to hold on to these constitutional principles, and the 10th Amendment,” he added, before wondering how many conservatives and average Americans in general today truly understand the U.S. Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and what they mean. “If people understood this, we would support reducing the size and cost of government, doing everything possible to support the 10th Amendment, and all the amendments that are in the Constitution. We need to also ensure that our Fourth Amendment principles are upheld by our law-enforcement community.” 
Expressing concerns about the militarization of law enforcement in recent decades — much of it fueled by the federal government and justified under the drug war — Maj. Franklin argued that a nationwide constitutional education campaign was needed. “All of our rights need to be afforded to everyone in our country,” he explained. “We need some education, and quick. We need a concerted effort to spread the principles of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, and to undo any policy that upholds the federal war on drugs. These things need to be dealt with at state level.” 
Having served on the front-lines of the war, first as a major in the Maryland State Police commanding as many as nine drug task-forces covering half the state, and later as a lieutenant colonel in the Baltimore Police Department, Major Franklin said he had seen the problems first-hand. “I’ve seen the carnage, the damage, the violence, the number of people we’ve put in prison,” he said. “Our criminal justice system for the last few decades has been a huge drain on our resources, not just at the federal level, but for our states as well. The war on drugs has been a huge driver of this.” 
“Now the individual states are trying to roll back these types of policies that have strained our resources and harmed our communities,” continued Franklin, calling the policies counter-productive and expressing hope that the trends would continue to unfold across the country. “It would be extremely unpopular for the federal government to try to turn back the clock, if you look at the polls. But the constitutional principles at stake here are, again, foundational to America. We must not lose sight of that.” 
Franklin also praised a group of law-enforcement and military personnel across America who have re-affirmed their oaths to defend the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights of America. While noting that not everyone agrees with everything when it comes to the Oath Keepers, the longtime police official said it was important that this was a group of lawmen and servicemen who really understand and stand by the U.S. Constitution they swore an oath to uphold. 
“This goes for everybody, as a country: If we don’t have a concrete foundation to work from and stick to, despite how you feel about it — and in our country that’s the Constitution and the Bill of Rights — then anything goes,” Franklin cautioned. “And if there´s any group that needs to understand this 100 percent, and abide by it 100 percent, it is our law-enforcement officials, because of the power and the influence they have. That’s how I feel from over three decades in law enforcement, that is extremely important to me.... We have to ensure — the people and politicians do — that the laws we place in front of our law enforcement folks are based upon, and do not contradict, these foundational principles.” 
Even some proponents of prohibition appear to have largely accepted the legitimacy or at least the inevitability of the growing nullification tsunami. Rather than try — and almost certainly fail — to get the feds to defy the U.S. Constitution in a bid to prod states into re-prohibiting the plant, anti-marijuana campaigners have vowed to fight pot use at the state and local level using a variety of methods. One group, Smart Approaches to Marijuana, has launched the “Marijuana Accountability Project” (MAP) that aims to “keep state officials and the industry accountable.” It will also seek to help municipalities rein in the marijuana businesses. 
MAP officials, who have been fighting the growing wave of legalization, made clear that the fight was not over. “I’d be lying if I said election night/morning wasn’t tough,” said SAM President Kevin Sabet, a former White House drug advisor who said his side was drastically outspent by anti-prohibition forces. “But unlike with prior year losses, I am feeling (strangely, maybe) optimistic. We won in Arizona. We have a friendly governor in Vermont, which was the next target for the legalizers, and we won in a large handful of cities and counties in Oregon. And we know that no matter what happens in Maine, we will be in a very strong place to shape and restrict any policy that goes forward.” 
Of course, there are plenty of critics of marijuana, many of whom cite studies showing that the drug can cause or at least contribute to memory problems, mental health issues, driving risks, and other concerns. Certainly, some constitutionalists were concerned that an end to prohibition might lead to increased marijuana use, though the evidence supporting this proposition is mixed . The sudden surge in the use of nullification to rein in the feds’ unconstitutional war on marijuana, then, was met with mixed feelings by some constitutionalists, who feel that states should continue to prohibit the plant even if the federal-UN war that underpins prohibition is illegal. 
Still, the federal government has self-evidently grown far outside the bounds of the Constitution in virtually every policy area. The horrifying consequences of this lawlessness are becoming obvious for all to see — $20 trillion in debt, growing attacks on constitutionally protected rights, an out-of-control regulatory regime, and more. The dangers of tolerating continued anti-constitutional policies from Washington, D.C., and the UN are enormous, and represent a threat to even the most fundamental liberties. 
As liberals and Democrat Party-controlled states increasingly rely on state nullification to protect self-government and their own states’ rights under the Constitution’s 10th Amendment, it is past time for conservatives, constitutionalists, Republicans, libertarians, and others to do the same. Whether one approves of marijuana or not is beside the point — the real issue is whether America will have lawful, limited, constitutional government, or lawless, unlimited, globalized tyranny . 
Alex Newman is a correspondent for The New American , covering economics, education, politics, and more. Follow him on Twitter @ALEXNEWMAN_JOU. He can be reached at: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 
Related articles:",0
4759,Regulator Tightens Control Over Wells Fargo - The New York Times,"A leading bank regulator on Friday reversed course and revoked Wells Fargo’s right to shield the pay of former executives after a   scandal. The regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, also said Wells Fargo must now seek advance approval before naming new bank leadership. Wells Fargo in September agreed to pay $185 million to settle charges that bank employees opened as many as two million accounts banking and credit card without customers’ knowledge. The agency, the main regulator for federal banks, exempted Wells Fargo from some controls on “golden parachutes” in that settlement. The move Friday evening voids those earlier allowances, the agency said. The bank was notified on Friday that the agency had revoked “relief from specific requirements and limitations regarding rules, policies, and procedures for corporate activities,” the comptroller’s office said in a statement on Friday. An official of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said the move put Wells Fargo under toughened standards for oversight which the agency had exempted in the original settlement. John G. Stumpf, Wells Fargo’s former  chief executive, and Carrie Tolstedt, former head of retail banking, have relinquished about $60 million in stock after the scandal, according to a Reuters review of securities filings. But the pair also stood to take home more than $350 million in compensation, according to filings.",0
4760,Erdogan: European Headscarf Ban ’Started a Clash Between the Cross and the Crescent’,"In addition to his customary invective against European governments for refusing to allow his ministers to rally Turkish expatriates behind him, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said on Thursday that the EU’s new ban on headscarves in the workplace would launch “a struggle between the cross and the crescent. ”[“Where is the liberty of religion? They have commenced a struggle between the cross and crescent. There is no other explanation than this. I am saying this clearly: Europe is heading toward the days just before World War II,” said Erdogan, as rendered by Hurriyet Daily News.  Euractiv transcribes Erdogan’s quote as, “The European Union’s court, the European Court of Justice, my esteemed brothers, have started a crusade struggle against the crescent,” which would be even more incendiary. Jihad and Islamist groups perpetually accuse Western powers of conducting another “crusade” against Muslims. “Shame on the EU. Down with your European principles, values, and justice,” Erdogan told his supporters. In a tirade on Wednesday, Erdogan said the “spirit of fascism is roaming the streets of Europe,” comparing the treatment of Muslims to how the Nazis treated Jews. “The fear of the Turks is beginning to appear. The fear of Islam is beginning to appear. They are even afraid of the migrants looking for asylum. They fear everything which originates elsewhere they are hostile to everything that is not from there,” he thundered. Also speaking on Thursday, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu predicted that “holy wars” would soon begin in Europe. As translated by Hurriyet Daily News, Cavusoglu said: Now the election is over in the Netherlands.   …     When you look at the many parties you see there is no difference between the social democrats and fascist [Geert] Wilders. All have the same mentality. Where will you go? Where are you taking Europe? You have begun to collapse Europe. You are dragging Europe into the abyss. Holy wars will soon begin in Europe. “They killed each other 100 years ago because they were of different faiths, but they learned a lesson from this and set up the European Union and the Council of Europe,” Cavusoglu continued, prompting a bit of   from Hurriyet about exactly what he was driving at. Like Cavusoglu, Erdogan took some time on Thursday to thumb his nose at the Netherlands, taunting   Prime Minister Mark Rutte: “O Rutte! You may have been first in the elections, but you have lost a friend like Turkey. ” He went on to needle Rutte about refusing to have dinner with him because “there is no such prime minister here  —   give it up, you have lost. ” Presumably, this was Erdogan’s way of treating Rutte as beneath his notice. Erdogan wrapped up his remarks by threatening to scuttle Turkey’s migrant readmission agreement with the European Union. “They have promised to remove visas. Now they are talking about a readmission plan. What readmission? Get over it! You did not let my minister enter the Netherlands, you did not give permission to my foreign minister to fly to the country and did not let the minister get into the consulate building, which is my territory. Then you are expecting readmission? There is no such thing,” Erdogan said.",0
4761,"ZULEMA RODRIGUEZ, Paid To Incite Violence At Trump Rallies, PROVEN","Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 15 + 13 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom",0
4763,British Government Admits Marijuana Has ‘Medicinal Value’,"Posted on October 30, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in Health // 0 Comments 
The British government have finally admitted that marijuana has medicinal value in helping to treat a number of different illnesses and diseases. 
The UK’s Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) announced that Cannabidiol (CBD) has restorative, correcting or modifying effects on “physiological functions” when administered to humans. In other words, cannabis has the potential to cure illnesses without the need for pharmaceutical drugs. Recommended 
An official investigation has revealed that the British government directly funded and organised terrorists in the Loughinisland massacre in 1994. (58 mins ago) 
Anonhq.com reports: 
Observers say this new development in Britain is a potential milestone that will help marijuana campaigners to press for the country’s lawmakers to legalize the plant based on the available evidence. 
Before this good news, some of the country’s politicians had pressed on the government to legalize marijuana for medicinal use. Currently, in the United Kingdom, it is illegal to possess marijuana in any form. Without a so-called appropriate licence, it is also illegal to grow, distribute or sell marijuana in the nation. 
However, over the years, marijuana advocates have been gaining momentum in their quest to have the plant legalized and regulated in the country. In 2015, James Richard Owen, an economics student at Aberystwyth University, started a petition on the country’s official petitions website, calling for the legalization, cultivation, sale and use of the plant. 
The petition gathered 218,995 signatures, far exceeding the 100,000 needed for it to be considered for debate in Parliament. On Oct. 12, 2015. the country’s Parliament debated the petition. Recommended 
The mainstream media are covering up the fact that Hillary Clinton admitted in public that the U.S. government created both ISIS and Al Qaeda. (58 mins ago) 
According to the Independent , the latest findings by the MHRA are not directly applicable to the British government’s response to last year’s petition to legalize marijuana. 
In a statement on the assessment done by the MHRA, the agency said: “The MHRA has now completed its review and has considered all information available to it relating to Cannabidiol(CBD) and having taken into account all the scientific advice and evidence, it has come to an opinion that products containing Cannabidiol will satisfy the second limb of the definition of a ‘medicinal product’ because it may be used by or administered to human beings either with a view to restoring, correcting or modifying physiological functions by exerting a pharmacological, immunological or metabolic action, or to making a medical diagnosis.” 
The review of CBD, a cannabinoid accounting for up to 40% of the marijuana plant’s extract that doesn’t contain its psychoactive THC but has immense health benefits, came about following discussions with CBD vaporiser company MediPen. 
The Managing Director of MediPen, Jordan Owen was quoted by the Independent as saying: “Since our inception we’ve worked hard to obtain our goal of breaking down the negative connotations surrounding Cannabis to lead to a reform in the law for medicinal use. Now this is finally becoming a reality, which will provide ground-breaking results.” 
Past studies on marijuana have revealed its CBD helps to control brain and nerve activity, energy metabolism, heart function, the immune system and even reproduction. Recommended 
The British Air Force has admitted to helping the US conduct airstrikes on the Syrian army, which Russia say has ignited World War 3 in Syria. (58 mins ago) 
To add to the MHRA’s findings, the British pro-marijuana pharma company, GW Pharmaceuticals, has also announced it has just concluded a positive phase 3 clinical trial demonstrating the safety and efficacy of CBD, which has helped people with a variety of illnesses. 
As a result of these new developments in the United Kingdom, many charities and pro-marijuana organizations have intensified their research into the use of the plant as a medical drug. Observers predict that the full legalization of the plant is imminent in the United Kingdom. 
In all these positive developments regarding marijuana in the United Kingdom, the Mainstream Media (MSM) in the United States have refused to report on them. Despite the news being published by many British media outlets, in the United States, the corporate MSM have pretended not to have heard it. This should tell us that there is a grand agenda to suppress marijuana in the United States, with the help of the corporate media, in order to prevent people from benefiting from the medicinal value of the obviously wonderful plant; pushing the agenda of favor for Big Pharma products.",0
4764,The End of Interventionism?,"0 82 
Looking over the global landscape, the areas most touched by US interventionist foreign policy are objectively in the worst, most desperate shape. The mainstream media will report that the current disaster in Syria came about because the people decided to stand up to a cruel dictator in the “Arab Spring” that swept through the greater […]",0
4766,Words of Obama’s Father Still Waiting to Be Read by His Son - The New York Times,"The archivist stumbled across the file in a stack of boxes on the second floor of the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture in Harlem. The yellowing letters inside dated back more than half a century, chronicling the dreams and struggles of a young man in Kenya. He was ambitious and impetuous, a    clerk who could type 75 words a minute and translate English into Swahili. But he had no money for college. So he pounded away on a typewriter in Nairobi, pleading for financial aid from universities and foundations across the Atlantic. His letters would help change the course of American history. “It has been my long cherished ambition to further my studies in America,” he wrote in 1958. His name was Barack Hussein Obama, and his dispatches helped unleash a stream of scholarship money that carried him from Kenya to the United States. There, he fathered the child who would become the nation’s first black president, only to vanish from his son’s life a few years after his birth. In 2013, the Schomburg Center invited President Obama to see the newly discovered documents, which included nearly two dozen of his father’s letters, his transcripts from the University of Hawaii and Harvard University, and references from professors, advisers and supporters. Nearly three years later, as Mr. Obama celebrates his last Father’s Day in the White House, the center is still waiting for a response. The trove of documents, described publicly here for the first time, renders a portrait of Barack Obama Sr. in his own words, sometimes in his own handwriting, as he describes his studies in the United States. But it also lays bare the beginnings of the fractured relationship between father and son. A senior White House official said President Obama would be interested in seeing the documents after he leaves office next year, but declined to comment on why administration officials had not responded to the letter or to   correspondence. (After the publication of this article on Saturday, the official added that the president had not been “made aware of the collection of writing until recently. ”) “The papers are rich they tell a fascinating, traditional,   man’s story,” said Khalil Gibran Muhammad, the director of the Schomburg Center, who said he hoped Mr. Obama would read them someday. “There’s a reason to bear witness to the personal legacy that is here. ” As president, Mr. Obama has spoken openly and repeatedly about the void his father left in his life. Barack Obama Sr. went home to Kenya in 1964, when Mr. Obama was 3 years old, and returned to visit his son only once, for a month, when Mr. Obama was 10. In an interview with The New York Times last month, the president said his father’s absence had left him struggling as a teenager to figure out “what it meant to be a man. ” Mr. Obama explored his sense of loss and longing more deeply in his memoir, “Dreams from My Father,” describing his quest to learn more about the man who shared his name. He found some answers on a visit to Kenya, when he was in his 20s, but not all of them. “I still didn’t know the man my father had been,” he wrote. “What had shaped his ambitions?” Barack Obama Sr. ’s letters, which span the period from 1958 to 1964, offer new insights, particularly about his years in the United States. But the records, which were preserved among the papers of a foundation that provided scholarships to African students at the time, may also resurrect old pain. It was while pursuing his undergraduate degree at the University of Hawaii in 1960 that Barack Obama Sr. met Ann Dunham, a classmate. Although he already had a wife and two children in Kenya, he married her the following year, after she became pregnant. Their son was born on Aug. 4, 1961. But Barack Obama Sr. never mentioned his new wife and son, not even in his scholarship applications. In 1963, as he applied for a grant to help cover his graduate studies at Harvard, Barack Obama Sr. was asked on a financial aid form about his marital status and number of dependents. He left the section blank. Relatives have described Barack Obama Sr. as a complicated man, brilliant and imperious, charming and brash, who began to drink heavily as his dreams of becoming one of Kenya’s leading government economists foundered. He died in a car crash at age 46 without ever fulfilling his early promise. The elder Obama’s youngest brother, Said Obama, noted in a telephone interview from Kenya this month that he hoped the records would help the family understand his sibling more fully. He said Barack Obama Sr. had never stopped caring about the son he left behind, recalling how he proudly showed off the photograph and school progress reports of the young man who would become president. “He loved his son,” Said Obama recalled. “I don’t think you do such things if you don’t love your son. ” President Obama often describes his life as an    saga, the improbable rise of the son of a white woman from Kansas and a black man from Kenya to the American presidency. But his father’s ascent was astounding, too, as he journeyed from the dusty roads of his rural village to the halls of Harvard. As a boy, Barack Obama Sr. tended goats and walked to school barefoot, according to a biography about him, “The Other Barack,” by Sally H. Jacobs. He was a stellar student and dreamed big, even though opportunities were severely limited for blacks in Kenya, which was still a British colony then. He had not finished high school, he explained in one of his scholarship applications, “due to financial difficulties at home. ” “Due to poor health on the part of my father,” he wrote on another scholarship form, “I had to leave school to work and help. ” (His chronic misbehavior and defiance also played a decisive role, Ms. Jacobs said.) He found work as an auditor, an oil company surveyor, an office manager for an insurance company and a clerk for a literacy program. He married and had a child. His financial struggles did not dampen his aspirations. “Might open own firm on civil engineering and architecture or work for the government,” he wrote. He was determined to join the wave of young Kenyans seeking higher education overseas as calls for independence swept the African continent. His letters helped him gain admission to the University of Hawaii and to come up with the money he needed to cover his costs. (An unexpected personal connection helped, too. It turned out that an official of an American foundation had employed his father as a cook.) On Aug. 4, 1959, he boarded Flight 162 of British Overseas Airways Corp. and flew from Nairobi to Rome, records show. From there, he flew to Paris and then on to New York. A bus carried him to Los Angeles, where he caught a plane to Hawaii. A year later, he would meet Ms. Dunham, President Obama’s mother. By then, Barack Obama Sr. had immersed himself in campus life. He had joined the debating club and the International Students Association and had been named editor of the International Students Newsletter, all the while marveling at the Hawaiian climate where, he wrote, “one would not know that it is winter. ” “The people around here have made me feel at home,” he wrote, adding that they had “called upon me to give several speeches on Africa and on Kenya” and had invited him over for dinner. He seemed wistful at times for home  —   “I rarely get any news here about Africa,” he wrote  —   but he excelled in his classes, earning an undergraduate degree in economics with honors in three years. “He has impressed everyone with being a genuinely enlightened   man and the peoples of Africa should be proud to have him representing them here,” wrote Lee E. Winters Jr. an English professor who praised his “superior” work. Most people on campus had no idea that the star student had married a second wife during his sophomore year or that he was the father of a baby boy. By 1962, when he headed to Harvard to pursue a graduate degree, his American family had already fallen apart. Immigration officials looked into rumors of his multiple marriages, his biography says, but the upheaval in his family life went unmentioned in his letters. Barack Obama Sr. wrote of his financial struggles, not his personal ones. “Rents are very high here,” he wrote from Cambridge, Mass. appealing for funds to help cover his living expenses. “Even a humburger is 50 cents here, a thing I never experienced before. ” He ended up with a master’s degree in economics from Harvard  —   not the Ph. D. he had hoped for  —   and headed home to Kenya without his little boy. Christine McKay, the archivist who discovered the letters, said she could not help but think about that son as she pored over the pages. “I thought it would be great if the president could see his father’s words,” she said. Said Obama, the president’s uncle, told The Times he would like to read the documents, too. He does not have to close his eyes to conjure up memories of his brother. He can see his genetic fingerprints every time he gets together with the president of the United States, in his voice and in his stride. But when asked whether he thought his nephew would read the letters, Said Obama hesitated. On such a sensitive matter, between father and son, he thought it best to demur. So for now, the records reside in Box 214 of the Phelps Stokes Fund collection in the Schomburg’s     storage facility. Whenever Mr. Obama is ready, the center’s director said, his father’s file will be waiting.",0
4767,Kim Jong-nam’s Body Released by Malaysia to North Korea - The New York Times,"Nine Malaysians who had been barred from leaving North Korea were allowed to depart on Thursday in a deal giving the North the remains of Kim   the slain half brother of its leader, the Malaysian government said. Under the deal, three suspects in Mr. Kim’s death were questioned in the case before being allowed to leave the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur, the Malaysian police said Friday. The deal, announced by Prime Minister Najib Razak, ends a standoff that followed the Feb. 13 killing of Mr. Kim with a banned chemical weapon at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Angered by Malaysia’s investigation of the killing, North Korea said on March 7 that Malaysians could not leave North Korea. Malaysia responded in kind. “I am pleased to announce that the nine Malaysians who had been barred from leaving North Korea have now been allowed to return to Malaysia,” Mr. Najib said on Thursday in a statement. Mr. Najib said that North Koreans who had been prohibited from leaving Malaysia would now be free to go. Among those leaving were the three North Korean suspects in Mr. Kim’s death. The Malaysian police said that as part of their investigation into the killing they recorded statements from the three before their departure. The nine Malaysians, diplomats and their relatives arrived in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia’s capital, early Friday. The United States Embassy in Malaysia released a statement Friday saying it was pleased that the Malaysians had been allowed to return home and criticizing North Korea for prohibiting their departure, a violation of international protocol. North Korea has maintained that the man killed was Kim Chol, the name on the passport he was carrying, and not Kim   the estranged brother of North Korea’s leader, Kim  . The North also suggested that the victim had died of a heart attack. The Malaysian police have arrested an Indonesian woman and a Vietnamese woman, and charged them with murder, accusing them of smearing VX nerve agent on Mr. Kim’s face. The police also identified seven North Korean men who they said had been involved in the plot. Four left the country after the attack.. Mr. Najib said the Malaysian authorities had obtained a letter from the family of Mr. Kim authorizing the transfer of his body to North Korea.",0
4768,POTUS Tweeted Less Abroad Because of Melania’s Presence: Report - Breitbart,"Forget the team of lawyers. First Lady Melania Trump may be the best hope for White House advisers who are trying to convince President Donald Trump to tweet less or, at the very least, more judiciously.  The First Lady was apparently a big reason why Trump did not tweet as much while he was abroad for his first foreign trip as President, according to Politico’s White House reporter Annie Karni. She tweeted, “I’ve been told a factor in the lack of tweeting abroad overall was the presence of Melania Trump. ”   I’ve been told a factor in the lack of tweeting abroad overall was the presence of Melania Trump. https:  .   —   Annie Karni (@anniekarni) May 27, 2017,  Melania Trump is expected to move into the White House next month, Trump’s advisers have told media outlets in recent days that they may want lawyers to vet Trump’s tweets so they “don’t go from the president’s mind out to the universe. ” According to the New York Times, Trump has “been told by his lawyers to limit his posts. Each one, they argue privately, could be used as evidence in a legal case against him. ” The Times wrote that Trump “went through his entire overseas trip without posting a single incendiary message. ” After former House Speaker John Boehner —  who reportedly, at the urging of Trump’s chief of staff Reince Priebus, called Trump and persuaded him to sign the most recent spending bill that Trump may have wanted to veto —  said last week that Trump’s presidency was a “complete disaster,” Trump reportedly wanted to hammer him on Twitter but refrained from doing so. None other than media pioneer Matt Drudge wondered a few months ago if Melania Trump would be to Trump what Nancy Reagan was to Ronald Reagan once she moves into the White House. While making a rare radio appearance on Michael Savage’s radio show for Savage’s 75th birthday on March 31, Drudge wondered, “could this help soften some of Trump’s edges?” Drudge mentioned that Nancy Reagan was known as the “secret behind Ronnie” because she “soothed him  …     she played watchdog. ” During the 2016 campaign, when asked what advice she gives to her husband, Melania Trump often told media outlets that she told him to stay away from tweeting things that could “get him in trouble. ” When he arrived back at the White House on Sunday, Trump fired off a series of tweets denouncing the “fake media” and calling the mainstream media the “enemy. ” He also said he thought “it is very possible” that the “fake news” mainstream media are making up their sources to harm his presidency.     …    . it is very possible that those sources don’t exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017,  It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017,  Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems  Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 28, 2017, ",0
4769,Miles of Algae and a Multitude of Hazards - The New York Times,"The stench of decaying algae began rising from coastal waterways in southeastern Florida early this month, shutting down businesses and beaches during a critical tourism season. Officials arrived, surveyed the toxic muck and declared states of emergency in four counties. Residents shook their heads, then their fists, organizing rallies and haranguing local officials. In truth, there was little they could do: The disaster that engulfed the St. Lucie River and its estuary had been building for weeks. In May, a    algal bloom crept over Lake Okeechobee, the vast headwaters of the Everglades. After an unseasonably wet winter, the Army Corps of Engineers was forced to discharge water from the lake to lower water levels, flushing the ooze along channels to the east and west until it coagulated along the shores of the famed Treasure Coast. The mess in Florida is only the latest in a string of algal blooms that some experts believe are increasing in frequency and in severity. An immense plume of   algae last September covered a   stretch of the Ohio River. A month earlier, the city of Toledo, Ohio, warned more than 400, 000 residents to avoid drinking tap water after toxic algae spread over an intake in Lake Erie. (Indeed, the Lake Erie bloom is now an annual event.) Almost exactly a year before the Florida bloom, another stretching 7, 500 square miles washed ashore in Qingdao, China, a popular beach destination. Government officials called in hundreds of boats and bulldozers to remove it. The green blob appeared again earlier this month. The largest and most dangerous algal bloom ever recorded, which ranged from Central California to British Columbia, produced high levels of a toxin that last year closed crab and clam fisheries along the West Coast. “The season didn’t open for four and a half months, which meant slip rents went unpaid, house payments went unpaid, guys were having trouble getting groceries to feed their families,” said Tim Sloane, the executive director of the Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Associations. Algae is a catchall term referring to a wide variety of aquatic organisms that generally rely on photosynthesis for energy and reproduction.   algae are cyanobacteria, for instance, while red tide is composed of tiny dinoflagellates. Seaweed is a sophisticated alga, as is kelp. Blooms are a natural occurrence. According to Dr. William Cochlan, a senior research scientist at San Francisco State University, Native Americans for centuries knew to avoid bioluminescent water. Scientists would later discover that the glow was caused by dinoflagellates that also produce a hazardous neurotoxin. Many algal species produce similar toxins. When vast blooms occur, these poisons may spread through the environment and up the food chain to fish and animals that feed on them. Cyanobacteria produce microcystins, for example, which can affect the liver and can be deadly to humans  —   one reason Toledo banned the drinking water. Although they occur naturally, algal blooms are being intensified by human activity in ways that scientists are still trying to quantify. Chief among the culprits: runoff from farms, feedlots and municipal sewer systems. “The bloom itself is the visual manifestation of nutrient overenrichment in lakes,” said Tim Davis, an ecologist at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Agency’s Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory in Ann Arbor, Mich. “In freshwater systems, both nitrogen and phosphorus are the main nutrients. ” In Florida and the Great Lakes, nitrogen and phosphorus come mainly from fertilizers used in large farming operations, along with septic tanks, manure and storm water. Scientists have been aware of the nutrient problem for decades: It’s partly why phosphorus was removed from laundry detergents. The vast algal bloom in the Pacific last year was also fed in part by El Niño, the mass of warm water that forms periodically off the West Coast. But   climate change may also be playing a role, some experts say. Warming atmospheric temperatures and wetter weather in some parts of the country increase the   runoff into streams, lakes and the ocean. And as ice melts in the Arctic, sea temperatures are rising and more sunlight is filtering into the ocean. “Some of the features of climate change, such as warmer ocean temperatures and increased light availability through the loss of sea ice in the Arctic, are making conditions more favorable for phytoplankton growth  —   both toxic and nontoxic algae  —   in more regions and farther north,” Kathi Lefebvre, a biologist at NOAA’s Northwest Fisheries Science Center in Seattle, wrote in an email. “It is likely that toxic blooms will continue to increase and expand as these features of climate change continue,” she added. Dr. Davis said he also believed that climate change was working against efforts to prevent algal blooms. “I certainly believe as a scientist that climate change will influence the size and intensity of these blooms,” he said. “If nothing changes  —   the increase of rainfall, the increase nutrient loads, warmer water  —   all of this could lead to larger blooms that last longer and are more toxic. ” Florida’s crisis is only the most recent example, Dr. Cochlan of San Francisco State University said  —   yet no new funds have been appropriated at the federal or state levels to study the growth and toxicity in these blooms, despite their increasing impact throughout the country. In a letter to President Obama on July 12, Florida legislators asked for federal funding to avert further disaster. Back in 2014, Florida voters approved Amendment 1, setting aside an estimated $650 million in the program’s first year for the state to buy agricultural land south of Lake Okeechobee as a new pathway for discharge into the Everglades. The hope was that the ecosystem would provide a natural filter for algae and other contaminants, as it once did. But in the end, the state decided not to buy the land, instead sparring with Environmental Protection Agency over its efforts to enforce the federal Clean Water Act. “A lot of this has to do with legislation, all the way from the watershed down into the lake,” Dr. Davis said. “It needs to be a mutual effort on all sides. The more we understand about the blooms, the more we can do to reduce their impact. ”",0
4770,Glitches and Voting Machine Irregularities As Poll Watchers “Obstructed” From Observing Officials,"
There is every reason to think that there is some fudging going on at polls across the country tonight.
There may be too much to keep up with, but there is every reason to question how this irregularities could affect the outcome.
Fox News reports computer and electronic machine malfunctions in several key battleground states, including North Carolina, Nevada, Pennsylvania, Utah and beyond:
Sporadic complaints of equipment failures and long lines greeted voters across the country Tuesday as they headed to their polling centers to cast their vote – though the largely routine glitches didn’t stop some from claiming the system was “rigged.” 
Republican candidate Donald Trump, who has repeatedly claimed the election process is fixed, filed a lawsuit in Nevada alleging that last week, a Clark County polling station was illegally left open late , potentially boosting Democratic voter turnout. He also tweeted Tuesday evening about voting issues in Utah.
[…]
Election officials in Utah said voting machine problems in the southern part of the state forced poll workers early in the day to use paper ballots . A computer problem in Durham County, North Carolina — a Democratic stronghold in a state that has been a key battleground in the presidential race — triggered long lines when election officials had to rely on a paper check-in process.
CBS News is reporting on a number of issues as well, including broken voting machines – and last minute replacements – in Michigan, also a battleground state that could sway the election:
City Clerk Janice Winfrey says some voting machines in Detroit stopped working Tuesday morning and had to be replaced.
The delay caused long lines and waits of an hour or more to vote.
Winfrey says her office received about 50 calls for broken voting machines, but some were repeat calls for the same machines she describes as a decade old.
In Texas, poll watchers are reportedly being segregated and prevented from their duties of accountability. perhaps the above photo says it all:
According to Laura Pressley , who is closely tied to voting accountability efforts in the state:
Texas–Official poll watchers from the Republican and Libertarian Parties have been obstructed from monitoring the Central Counting Station main tabulation computers and the audit log printers in Travis, Dallas, and Bexar counties. See the Hill County sign that says it all. Watchers are battling with Secretary of State’s office on the interpretation of Texas Election Code statute 33.056…poll watchers are “entitled to observe any election activity.”
According to the Texas Election Code :
Sec. 33.056. OBSERVING ACTIVITY GENERALLY. (a) Except as provided by Section 33.057, a watcher is entitled to observe any activity conducted at the location at which the watcher is serving. A watcher is entitled to sit or stand conveniently near the election officers conducting the observed activity. 
There’s a lot of weird stuff going on, and a lot to be gained and lost tonight.
In the end, it will be the electoral college votes, not the popular vote, or the polls that determine who takes office, and unfortunately, the tables are tilted towards Hillary. And the right amount of editing could tip the scales.
Here’s the latest projection map from 270towin.com:

Read more: 
No One Can Stop Her… And She Knows It: “This Election Won’t Be Fair” 
Divided America Poised For Riots: “95% Chance of Widespread Post-Election Violence” 
This Is a Usurper, Not a Candidate: California Primary Was Stolen, And Hillary’s “Nomination a Coup” 
Protesters Rage Against the DNC: “Hillary Didn’t Get the Nomination. The Nomination Was Stolen” ",0
4771,Tony Award Winners - The New York Times," Our complete coverage of the Tony Awards ] [ And our live blog of the Tony Awards ] These are the winners of the 70th annual Tony Awards. Musical: “Hamilton” Play: “The Humans” Musical Revival: “The Color Purple” Play Revival: “A View From the Bridge” Actor, play: Frank Langella, “The Father” Actress, play: Jessica Lange, “Long Day’s Journey Into Night” Actor, musical: Leslie Odom Jr. “Hamilton” Actress, musical: Cynthia Erivo, “The Color Purple” Book, musical: “Hamilton,”   Miranda Original Score: “Hamilton,” music and lyrics,   Miranda Featured actor, play: Reed Birney, “The Humans” Featured actress, play: Jayne Houdyshell, “The Humans” Featured actor, musical: Daveed Diggs, “Hamilton” Featured actress, musical: Renée Elise Goldsberry, “Hamilton” Scenic design, play: David Zinn, “The Humans” Scenic design, musical: David Rockwell, “She Loves Me” Costume design, play: Clint Ramos, “Eclipsed” Costume design, musical: Paul Tazewell, “Hamilton” Lighting design, play: Natasha Katz, “Long Day’s Journey Into Night” Lighting design, musical: Howell Binkley, “Hamilton” Direction, play: Ivo van Hove, “A View From the Bridge” Direction, musical: Thomas Kail, “Hamilton” Choreography: Andy Blankenbuehler, “Hamilton” Orchestrations: Alex Lacamoire, “Hamilton” Special Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theater: Sheldon Harnick and Marshall W. Mason Isabelle Stevenson Tony Award: Brian Stokes Mitchell Regional Theater Tony Award: Paper Mill Playhouse, Millburn, N. J. Special Tony Award: National Endowment for the Arts and Miles Wilkin Tony Honors for Excellence in the Theater: Seth Gelblum Joan Lader Sally Ann Parsons",0
4772,"Civil Rights Icon All-In for Trump: 'I'm Not Looking to Like Donald Trump, I'm Looking at What He Will Do'","Share on Twitter 
During much of his 2016 presidential run, Donald Trump has struggled to gain the support of the black community. 
Even in September, an ABC News/Washington Post poll found that “just 3 percent of blacks support Trump,” while 93% backed Hillary Clinton. 
In recent months, however, one unexpected figure has stepped up his efforts to change all that: iconic civil rights figure, Clarence Henderson. Celebrate the Civil Rights Act of 1964 on Wed. in chapel @SEBTS . Featuring a panel w/ Clarence Henderson (far right). pic.twitter.com/ybggcTF7VD — Walter Strickland (@w_strickland) September 15, 2014 
During the 1960s, Henderson's name became a symbol of the fight to end segregation, when he participated in the peaceful sit-in at the Woolworth lunch counter in Greensboro, North Carolina. 
To be sure, supporting Republicans is nothing new for Henderson, as he credits them as the party “behind the constitutional amendments that abolished slavery, granted equal protection to freed slaves and gave blacks the right to vote.” 
Henderson explained to The Associated Press that the first time he voted for a Republican presidential candidate was with George W. Bush, and he plans to continue his support for the GOP this year. 
It's a trend he hopes other black voters will follow in this election. To those who say Trump isn't with the blacks, how come Clarence Henderson, one of the men involved with the Woolworth sit ins, supports him? pic.twitter.com/SMKuUBuT9N — chad (@chadmattk) October 16, 2016 
As to why he specifically supports Trump, Henderson has said he believes that “America is a business,” and that Trump has the experience to run it: 
""He has proved to be a leader in the business field. Has he done everything right? No, certainly not. 
But I think that he has more at stake than Hillary does."" 
It's a stance Henderson expounded on during a CNN interview in August: 
When asked by CNN’s Jim Sciutto how he could reconcile his civil rights background with Trump's “ ties to folks who have said and propagated some racist things,” Henderson responded : 
""See I come from an era of time known as 'Jim Crow,' and I know what racism is and what racism isn't... 
I'm not looking to like Donald Trump, I'm looking at what he will do. 
I look at the history of the Republican party versus the history of the Democratic party, and for the last eight years we have been put in dire straights because the policies that have been put in place such as Obamacare... 
We need jobs as opposed to things that are happening right now."" 
Though Henderson has faced criticism for his support of Trump, he says he doesn't mind, as he'd “rather be in the minority on the side of justice than in the majority on the side of injustice.” 
Whether or not it's because of the support of men like Henderson, though, Trump has seen a sharp rise in his support among black voters. 
A more recent poll , courtesy of Los Angeles Times/University of Southern California, put “Trump's support among black voters at 20.1 percent — up from 3.1 percent on Sept. 10.” ",0
4773,Friends Say Minnesota Attacker Was ‘Normal American Kid’ - The New York Times,"ST. CLOUD, Minn.  —   The man who the police say stabbed 10 people at a mall here on Saturday seemed like a model of assimilation, not a violent jihadist, people who knew him and his family said. The son of Somali refugees, he lived in the United States most of his life, did well in school, played sports, worked as a security guard and took classes at a local college. But a new description has been applied to him: terrorist. As he stalked through the Crossroads Center mall, wearing a security guard uniform and wielding a knife, the attacker, identified by officials on Monday as Dahir Adan, 20, mentioned Allah and asked at least one victim if he was Muslim, the police said. A report by a news agency linked to the Islamic State claimed on Sunday that a “soldier of the Islamic State” was behind the stabbing. The F. B. I. is investigating the attack as a possible terrorist act. But law enforcement officials were unsure whether Mr. Adan had made contact with any terror organization, or had “” heeding the online calls to radical jihad that terrorist groups have used to goad Westerners into mounting attacks at home. The St. Cloud police chief, William Blair Anderson, stressed that the investigation had barely started, adding, “I want to know everything about this individual since the day he was born until last Saturday. ” “He was a normal American kid,” said Jama Alimad, a leader among St. Cloud’s ethnic Somalis and a friend of the Adan family, who had seen Mr. Adan as recently as this summer. “I can’t see anyone more assimilated than that guy. ” As customers in the mall fled the attacker and rushed for the exits, the rampage ended when Mr. Adan was shot and killed inside Macy’s by an   police officer. On Monday, the St. Cloud police raised the number of wounded from nine to 10, explaining that they had learned of a victim who had not immediately sought medical treatment. None of the eight men and two women who were stabbed suffered   injuries, and none remained hospitalized, officials said. The mall reopened on Monday morning. Since the attack, people who had encountered Mr. Adan have tried to reconcile the quiet,   youth they saw with the bloody accounts of his actions. People who have spoken with his family said that he had shown no signs of radicalization, and that on Saturday, he seemed to be in good spirits and said he was going to the mall to buy a new iPhone. “That’s something he was hiding very well if indeed he did that,” said Haji Yussuf, director of UniteCloud, a group that tries to resolve tensions between cultures in the city. Until the police release video recordings of the attack, “we cannot believe the speculation we hear,” said Mohamoud Ismail Mohamed, executive director of the Saint Cloud Area Somali Salvation Organization, who said he helped the Adan family settle in St. Cloud about seven or eight years ago. “What happened that night between leaving home and the shooting is the million dollar question. ” A few of Mr. Adan’s friends and schoolmates took to social media to express their disbelief and confusion. One called Chammy said on Twitter, “He was such a sweet humble guy, and that’s still how I see him. ” Abdulwahid Osman, a lawyer for the Adan family, released a statement Monday night saying that Mr. Adan’s relatives wanted to express their “deepest sympathy and condolences” to the injured and their prayers for recovery. “As a family, we are committed to fully cooperating, within the limits of the law, with all relevant law enforcement agencies as they conduct their investigation,” the statement said. The statement also urged people “not to rush to judgment or conclusions” and said “our family loves St. Cloud and this state. ” President Obama said that he was being briefed on the Minnesota investigation, and that there was no sign of a link to explosions in and around New York City on Saturday. “At this point, we see no connection between that incident and what happened in New York and New Jersey,” the president said at a news conference in New York, where he was attending the annual session of the United Nations General Assembly. Mr. Alimad said Mr. Adan had immigrated to the United States as a toddler and grew up in St. Cloud. He said Mr. Adan excelled in school, and was not especially religious, though also not an atheist. “We need to get to the bottom of this,” he added. “We need to know what triggered this kid. ” The Star Tribune in Minneapolis reported that Mr. Adan lived with his father in an apartment in St. Cloud. The father said his son was born in Kenya, where many Somalis have fled to escape the   civil war in their country. He graduated in 2014 from Apollo High School in St. Cloud, then enrolled at St. Cloud State University, intending to major in information systems, the university said, but he was not enrolled for the fall term. Mr. Adan worked part time for a global security firm, Securitas, which assigned him to weekend guard duty at an Electrolux facility in St. Cloud, according to both companies. Securitas released a brief statement saying that Mr. Adan had quit in June, offering little else about his history with the company, except that he “was hired in accordance with Minnesota state law and company policy. ” Family friends said he had a security guard job at the time of the attack, but it was not clear where. The attacker was stopped by Jason Falconer, an     police officer in Avon, a nearby town. “He’s a firearms instructor for the City of Avon,” said Corey Nellis, Avon’s police chief. “He’s a competitive shooter. If I was going to ask anybody to fire live rounds in a crowded mall, I would trust his abilities next to anybody’s. ” Chief Nellis said that Mr. Falconer, a former police chief in another nearby town, Albany, worked only an occasional shift for his department in fact, he was not scheduled to work over the next two months. Minnesota is home to about 25, 000 Somalis, the largest concentration in the United States. Some have flocked in recent years to St. Cloud, a small city northwest of the Twin Cities, in search of safety and jobs, where Somali leaders say they have mostly been made to feel welcome. “Knowing your neighbor makes you less fearful of your neighbor,” said Mayor Dave Kleis, who said the city has worked hard to welcome and integrate the newcomers. Gov. Mark Dayton, a Democrat who has long been an outspoken advocate for immigrants, said at a news conference on Monday, “I implore citizens of St. Cloud, and really citizens throughout Minnesota, to rise above this tragic incident and to remember our common humanity, our shared citizenship, and our shared desires to live together peacefully. ” But Somalis said there was a widespread fear of a backlash after the attack. “We are really fearful,” Mr. Alimad said. “Kids are afraid. Women are afraid to go to shop. And this is happening in the land of the free. ”",0
4774,"Comment on ""This Wasn’t A Vote, It Was An Uprising"" by Paul Craig Roberts","Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
Dear Readers: The article below has come to me. I am unable to ascertain if it is a published statement or one of those items sent around the Internet. Nevertheless, I do believe that it captures the attitude of those Americans who in the vast majority of the states gave their vote to Donald Trump. 
The optimism expessed in the article might be unrealistic. In order to prevail over the Oligarchy, President Trump will need a government as strong as he appears to be. He cannot find the strength he needs for his government among the usual Washington, Wall Street, and corporate sources. If he selects from these people, he will be impotent. 
The question is: who is his transition team? Are they focused on making nice with the Oligachs? If so, there will be no change. 
The Democratic Party failed America for the eight years of the Clinton Regime, which committed war crimes and overthrew a sovereign government on the basis of lies. The George W. Bush Regime originated the Middle East wars entirely on the basis of lies. These wars have resulted in the deaths, maiming, and dislocation of millions of peoples who have sought refuge from America’s aggression in Europe. The corrupt Obama Regime has continued and expanded Bush’s illegal wars and stupidly brought the US into conflict with Russia and China, either one of which can destroy the United States of America. 
Now we have the psychopath George Soros funding hired protesters, who are bussed from protest to protest, in an effort to delegitimize the Trump presidency. This is an act of treason, but oligarchs such as Soros are above the law. They are never held accounable. Trump should arrest Soros and put him on trial. 
Trump says that he wants to bring the oligarchs under the law. If he fails, America fails with him. 
This wasn’t an election. It was a revolution. 
By Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center 
It was midnight in America. The day of the election millions Americans got up and stood in front of the Machine, the great iron wheel that had been grinding them down. They stood there even though the media told them it was useless. They took their stand even while all the chattering classes laughed and taunted them as white trash racists. 
They were fathers who couldn’t feed their families anymore. They were mothers who couldn’t afford health care. They were workers whose jobs had been given to foreigners in foreign countries so that the incomes of oligarchs could rise. They were sons who didn’t see a future for themselves. They were daughters afraid of being raped by the undocumented illegals flooding into their towns. They took a deep breath and they stood. 
They held up their hands and the great iron wheel stopped. 
Blue America crumbled. The Blue States fell one by one. Ohio. Wisconsin. Pennsylvania. Iowa. The white working class that had been overlooked and trampled on for so long got to its feet. It rose up against its oppressors. The rest of the nation, between the West coast and the North East coast–the fly-over zone– rose up with it. 
They fought back against their jobs being shipped overseas while their towns filled with migrants that got everything while they got nothing. They fought back against a system in which they could go to jail for a trifle while the elites could violate the law and still stroll through a presidential election. 
They fought back against being told that they had to watch what they say. 
They fought back against being held in contempt because they wanted to work for a living, take care of their families, and protect the sanctity of marriage. 
And they won. 
This wasn’t a vote. It was an uprising. 
Like the ordinary men chipping away at the Berlin Wall, they tore down an unnatural thing that had towered over them. And as they watched it fall, they marveled at how weak and fragile it had always been. And how much stronger they were than they had ever known. 
Who were these people? They were the neglected in the fly-over country that is the heart of America. They didn’t have univeristy degrees, and they had never set foot in a Starbucks to pay $5 for a cup of coffee. They were the white working class. They didn’t talk right or think right. They had the wrong ideas, the wrong clothes and the ridiculous idea that they still mattered. 
They were told they were wrong about everything. Illegal immigration. Black Lives Matter, but not jobs for the oppressed middle class. Manufacturing is unnecessary for an economy in which financial profits are all important. Transgendered bathrooms. Same gender marriages. Americans were supposed to bow down and surrender to a handful of perverts. 
Told that the future belongs to the metrosexual dot com transgendered globalist, and not to the guy who once had a good job before the globalist corporations with Washington’s blessings sent it to China or Mexico, real Americans revolted. 
White trash American couldn’t change anything, declared the pundits. But instead of adapting to the inevitable future of America’s demise, they got in their pickup trucks and drove out to vote. 
And they changed everything. 
Barack Hussein Obama boasted that he had changed America. And he did for the worse. A billion regulations, millions of immigrants, a hundred thousand lies and it was no longer our America. 
White Trash America voted and sent Obama to Hell. They walked through him and through the Democratic Party like the wet paper bag that they are. Voters abandoned the party that had sold out the American people. More black Americans voted for Trump than voted for Romney. 
The election repudiated the Obamas, the Clintons, the celebrities, and the media. Americans turned the One Percent’s world upside down. 
CNN is weeping. MSNBC is wailing. ABC calls it a tantrum. NBC damns it. It wasn’t supposed to happen. The same machine that crushed the American people for six straight terms, the mass of neoconned government, globalist corporations and oligarch-financed non-profits that ran the country, was set to win. Or so they thought. ORDER IT NOW 
Instead the people stood in front of the Machine. They blocked it with their votes even though the media told them Hillary was the certain winner. They mailed in their absentee ballots even while Hillary Clinton was planning her fireworks victory celebration. They looked at the empty factories and barren farms. They drove through the early cold. They waited in line. They came home to their children to tell them that they had done their best for their future. They bet on America. And they won. 
They sre tired of the absence of affordable health care and recognize the fraud of Obamacare. They are tired of unemployment and of being lied to. They are tired of watching their sons come back in coffins so that the military/security complex could continue to loot America with their wars. They are tired of being called names and watching the theft of their country. 
They understood that Trump was right. The election was their last hope, their last chance to save themselves and their country. And they did. 
This election was not about who gets to use the female toilet. It wasn’t about whether it is racist to enforce the immigration laws. It wasn’t about how men, however uncouthly, express their sexual interest in women. 
It was about suffering Americans, whose names no one except a server and the NSA will ever know, fighting back against their oppression. It was about the homeless woman guarding Trump’s star. It was about the betrayed Democrats searching for someone to represent them in Ohio and Pennsylvania. It was about the union men who refused to sell out their futures and vote for a Democrat who is an agent of the One Percent. 
The media will never interview those men and women. We will never see their faces. But they are us and we are them. They came to the aid of a nation in peril. They did what real Americans have always done. They did the impossible. (Reprinted from PaulCraigRoberts.org by permission of author or representative)",0
4775,Surgeons admit that mammography is outdated and harmful to women,"Surgeons admit that mammography is outdated and harmful to women 
Friday, October 28, 2016 by: Ethan A. Huff, staff writer Tags: breast cancer , mammography , harming women (NaturalNews) Every year, millions of women flock to their doctors to get their annual mammograms, a breast cancer screening procedure that involves pressing a woman's breasts between two metal platforms to scope out tumors. But surgeons everywhere are starting to question the controversial practice , which studies show isn't even an effective screening tool, and is actually harmful to the bodies of women who receive it.The public is told that mammograms are the only way to catch breast cancer early, but a review of eight scientific trials evaluating the procedure, found that mammography is neither effective nor safe. After looking at data on more than 600,000 women between the ages of 39 and 74 who underwent the procedure on a routine basis, researchers found that many women are misdiagnosed. Many of these same women are consequently mistreated with chemotherapy , resulting in their rapid demise.As published in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews , the review concluded that mammography causes more harm than good , because many more women end up being misdiagnosed and mistreated than those actually avoiding the development of terminal breast cancer. Thus, the procedure known as mammography is an outdated scourge that belongs in the history books of failed medical treatments, and not at the forefront of women's medicine.""If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer mortality by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women , who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily,"" the authors concluded. Group of top medical experts admits mammography does more harm than good One year after this review was published, a second one published in The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) came to a similar conclusion. A team of medical professionals that included a medical ethicist, a clinical epidemiologist, a pharmacologist, an oncologic surgeon, a nurse scientist, a lawyer and a health economist, decided that the medical industry's claims about the benefits of mammography are essentially bunk.They found that for every 1,000 women screened in the U.S. over a 10-year annual screening period beginning at age 50, one breast cancer death would be prevented, while a shocking 490 to 670 women would have a false positive, while 70 to 100 would undergo an unnecessary biopsy. Between three and 14 of these women, the study found, would also be over-diagnosed for a non-malignant form of cancer that never even would have become ""clinically apparent.""This study out of Switzerland corroborates another out of Canada – the 2014 Canadian National Breast Screening Study – which concluded in lockstep with the others that mammography screenings do not reduce mortality rates from breast cancer any better than a simple physical examination. In other words, the procedure is completely unnecessary, and in many cases exceptionally harmful .And on and on the list goes, with data out of Norway and elsewhere confirming that mammography isn't all that it's cracked up to be. U.S. data spanning the course of nearly 40 years shows that more women are over- or misdiagnosed with breast cancer because of mammograms than are successfully early-diagnosed with breast cancer in such a way as to protect against metastasization. This represents an exceptionally poor track record that calls into question why mammography continues to be used when it clearly doesn't work.""I believe that if you did have a tumor, the last thing you would want to do is crush that tumor between two plates, because that would spread it,"" says general practitioner Dr. Sarah Mybill, as quoted in the documentary film The Promise . Sources for this article include:",0
4776,Bomb Kills an American Soldier Near Besieged Afghan City - The New York Times,"KABUL, Afghanistan  —   A United States soldier was killed by a bomb near the southern Afghan city of Lashkar Gah, officials said on Tuesday, days after more than 100 American soldiers arrived there to help plan the strategic city’s defense against a fierce Taliban assault. The United States military has increasingly found itself drawn back to regular combat situations this year as the Afghan forces have struggled against Taliban offensives. The increased American presence around Lashkar Gah in particular, more than two years after British soldiers closed their last base in the city, highlights a scramble to prevent the fall of a major population center. For weeks before the Americans’ arrival, top Afghan generals were being sent from Kabul to hold the line as district after district came under attack, with the Taliban surrounding the city. In a statement on Tuesday, the United States military said the service member had died of “wounds sustained during operations near Lashkar Gah,” the capital of Helmand Province, when a joint patrol encountered an improvised explosive device. Six Afghan soldiers and another American soldier were wounded in the blast. It was the second death of an American soldier in hostile fire in Afghanistan this year, as the force here has mostly been reduced to a smaller advisory mission. In January, Staff Sgt. Matthew Q. McClintock was killed in Marja district, also in Helmand Province. Even as local Afghan officials were reporting the presence of American personnel near the battlefield in the    area, about 10 miles from Lashkar Gah, United States military officials in Kabul insisted that the new team was there only to advise the leadership of the southern police zone based out of the city. “The troops that have gone down there are really focused on force protection of the advisers there, to make sure they are secure,” Brig. Gen. Charles E. Cleveland, a spokesman for the American military in Afghanistan, told reporters on Monday. “What you won’t see is  —   they are not about to go out and conduct operations. ” On Tuesday, General Cleveland said, “The service members killed and wounded today were not a part of the new advisory mission in Lashkar Gah,” suggesting that they were part of the regular advisory support the NATO mission has been providing Afghan special operation forces, often traveling with them in their raids. Still, the line between combat and advising has become remarkably thin as Afghan Special Forces, trained to conduct quick commando raids, have for weeks now been used as ground forces outside Lashkar Gah. Omar Zwak, a spokesman for the governor of Helmand, said that joint operations by NATO forces  —   mostly Americans  —   and Afghan forces were continuing in the    and Babajii neighborhoods outside Lashkar Gah, with the Westerners providing air and ground support. “NATO troops are now on the ground fighting with Afghan forces against the Taliban,” he said. As the top generals were busy in Helmand, the northern city of Kunduz, which was briefly overrun by the Taliban last fall, once again faced strong offensives at its gates. The district of Khanabad briefly fell to the insurgents, and fighting raged less than a mile from the city center. Residents of Kunduz city could hear constant airstrikes into the early hours of Tuesday, with bombings focused on trying to push back the Taliban from Zar Khared, an area less than two miles from the city center. A small group of American advisers is based at the airport in Kunduz, but local officials said Tuesday that they had not left the outpost to join operations. It was a small advisory team of American Special Forces troops that led a desperate effort to retake that city from the Taliban last fall. That American force also called in the botched airstrike that destroyed a Doctors Without Borders hospital in the city, killing 42 people. Most of the roads leading to Kunduz Province remained blocked on Tuesday, and despite continuous airstrikes, ground operations for recapturing the lost territories had not yet started, Afghan officials said. American military officials say they will not allow another Afghan city to fall, not just because of its symbolic implications to the 15 years of NATO presence here, but also because of the politically destabilizing effects it could have on the struggling government in Kabul. As Taliban gains in Helmand continued, an American military battalion was sent to the province this year to bolster the Afghan Army corps that were taking heavy casualties in the fighting. That was the largest deployment of American troops outside major bases in Afghanistan since the end of the NATO combat mission in 2014. In June, President Obama loosened combat restrictions in Afghanistan for the United States military, which remains mostly focused on missions to train and advise Afghan forces and to conduct counterterrorism operations against Al Qaeda and Islamic State affiliates. He later slowed the withdrawal of American troops from the country. The overall military commander in Afghanistan, Gen. John W. Nicholson, can now call for airstrikes more freely, and his advisory teams can accompany Afghan forces in offensive missions to try to turn the tide of critical battles. Under the new rules, the number of airstrikes, which Afghan forces often credit with slowing Taliban advances, have increased significantly. And   strategic bombers returned for the first time in years, with American officials saying the huge warplanes supported missions against Islamic State affiliates in eastern Afghanistan. But American ground forces have increasingly been in the line of fire this year, as reflected in the casualty reports. In addition to the casualties on Tuesday near Lashkar Gah, and the death of Sergeant McClintock in Helmand this January, five American service members were reported wounded in fighting against the Islamic State in eastern Afghanistan last month. The haphazard nature of the Afghan forces’ defense against the Taliban was again on display after the fall of Khanabad district. The district was quickly taken back by an array of Afghan forces, each led by a   official. The governor of   Takhar Province was in the lead, marching in with his local forces and firing from a machine gun mounted on an armored vehicle as at least five other security personnel watched  —   clearly a display meant for the public. He returned to Takhar to a hero’s welcome, received with gifts and flowers. United States military officials have attributed much of the Afghan forces’ struggle to leadership woes in the face of Taliban offensives that they say normally amount to no more than 20 to 30 insurgents trying to overrun a vulnerable checkpoint. “In a perfect world, would you have senior military leaders moving around like that? Perhaps not,” General Cleveland said. “But at the end of the day, we find that most of the challenges facing the Afghan national defense and security forces are tied to leadership. We think it’s a positive thing to have good, strong leaders that are willing to get out, set an example, as well as take charge of what is going on. ”",0
4777,Trump Calls for Revoking Flag Burners’ Citizenship. Court Rulings Forbid It. - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Since the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, politicians have periodically announced with fanfare that they would introduce a bill to strip the citizenship of Americans accused of terrorism. The idea tends to attract brief attention, but fades away, in part because the Supreme Court long ago ruled that the Constitution does not permit the government to take a person’s citizenship against his or her will. But on Tuesday,   Donald J. Trump revived the idea and took it much further than the extreme case of a suspected terrorist. He proposed that Americans who protest government policies by burning the flag could lose their citizenship  —   meaning, among other things, their right to vote  —   as punishment. Mr. Trump wrote the post shortly after Fox News aired a segment about a dispute at Hampshire College in Massachusetts, which removed the American flag from its campus flagpole after protests over his election victory during one demonstration, someone burned a flag. Even if Mr. Trump were to persuade Congress to enact a criminal statute, a dramatic shift in the balance between government power and individual freedom, anyone convicted and sentenced could point to clear Supreme Court precedents to make the case for a constitutional violation. The obstacles include the precedent that the Constitution does not allow the government to expatriate Americans against their will, through a landmark 1967 case, Afroyim v. Rusk. They also include a 1989 decision, Texas v. Johnson, in which the court struck down criminal laws banning flag burning, ruling that the act was a form of political expression protected by the First Amendment. David D. Cole, a Georgetown University law professor who   the Supreme Court briefs in the   case and who is about to become national legal director at the American Civil Liberties Union, said he wondered if Mr. Trump’s strategy was to goad people into burning flags in order to “marginalize” the protests against him. But he also called Mr. Trump’s proposal “beyond the pale. ” “To me it is deeply troubling that the person who is going to become the most powerful government official in the United States doesn’t understand the first thing about the First Amendment  —   which is you can’t punish people for expressing dissent  —   and also doesn’t seem to understand that citizenship is a constitutional right that cannot be taken away, period, under any circumstances,” he said. The 1967 case involving the stripping of citizenship traces back to a 1940 law that automatically revoked the citizenship of Americans who took actions like voting in a foreign country’s election or joining its military. The case centered on a man who had been born in Poland, became a naturalized American citizen, and later went to Israel and voted in an election there. When he subsequently tried to renew his American passport, the State Department refused, saying he was no longer an American citizen, and he sued. In a    ruling, the Supreme Court called citizenship and the rights that stem from it “no light trifle to be jeopardized any moment” by politicians’ attempts to curtail it. The court said that the 14th Amendment, which guarantees due process of law, does not empower the government to “rob” someone’s citizenship. Americans, the ruling explained, can only lose their citizenship by voluntarily renouncing it. “The very nature of our free government makes it completely incongruous to have a rule of law under which a group of citizens temporarily in office can deprive another group of citizens of their citizenship,” Justice Hugo L. Black wrote. In a case in 1980, Vance v. Terrazas, the Supreme Court extended that precedent by a vote of 6 to 3. That case concerned a man who was born with both American and Mexican citizenship, and who as a student took an oath of allegiance to Mexico, renouncing his American citizenship in order to obtain a Mexican citizenship document. When the State Department said he had thus surrendered his American citizenship, he sued. The court majority said he was still a citizen because the government had to prove that he specifically intended to relinquish it, rather than having said those words with a different motivation, like fulfilling his desire to obtain the certificate. The 1989   case was also decided by a vote of 5 to 4. It centered on a protester who had burned a flag outside the 1984 Republican National Convention in Dallas as part of a political demonstration against Reagan administration policies. The protester, Gregory Johnson, was charged under a state law that criminalized desecrating the flag and appealed his conviction. The majority ruled that Mr. Johnson’s act was symbolic speech protected by the Constitution, effectively striking down state laws against flag desecration across the country. In response, Congress swiftly enacted a federal law against such desecration, but in 1990 the same   majority struck it down, too. Just one of the justices who participated in the   cases, Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, is still on the court today he sided with the majority that struck down the bans. Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February and whose seat Mr. Trump will get to fill because Republican senators refused to hold a hearing for President Obama’s nominee for the vacancy, was also in the majority. After the 1989 decision, supporters of a   ban tried to enact an amendment to the Constitution to make an exception to the First Amendment, but it twice fell short in the Senate. The issue flared again a decade ago. In 2005, Hillary Clinton, a senator from New York at that time,   the Flag Protection Act. Arguing that desecration of the symbol “may amount to fighting words or a direct threat to the physical and emotional  ” of onlookers, the bill would have banned flag burning if abusing the symbol was “intended to incite a violent response rather than make a political statement. ” The crafters of that bill sought to frame it as a compromise and an alternative to an amendment, saying “the Bill of Rights is a guarantee of those freedoms and should not be amended in a manner that could be interpreted to restrict freedom, a course that is regularly resorted to by authoritarian governments which fear freedom and not by free and democratic nations. ” But Congress did not act on the legislation. The following year, when the Senate again tried to approve a constitutional amendment to empower Congress to ban flag desecration and it fell one vote short of the necessary   majority, Mrs. Clinton was among those who voted against that measure.",0
4778,Preventing cultural genocide with the Mother Tongue policy in Eritrea,"Preventing cultural genocide with the Mother Tongue policy in Eritrea By Thomas C. Mountain Posted on October 27, 2016 by Thomas C. Mountain 
The small east African nation of Eritrea has implemented the Mother Tongue policy nationwide to prevent cultural genocide within its nine different ethnic groups. 
This is done by educating all children in tribal environments in their mother tongue until literacy at grade 5. By making sure that the ethnic minorities learn to read and write in their mother tongue the Eritrean Government is making sure that their culture survives as well, for without one’s language one cannot practice your culture. 
Historically destroying peoples mother tongue is the means used to carry out a policy of cultural genocide with many thousands of dialects having disappeared during the Western colonial and neo colonial era. Today many of the languages that remain are threatened by the children of these ethnic groups not being literate in their mother tongue which will almost inevitably lead to the loss of their identity, their language and their culture. 
It has not been easy for Eritrea, hammered by global warming, drought, sand, economically disadvantaged due to Western inflicted sanctions and embargoes and with 9 tribes with 9 languages, some of which have never had a written language, the challenge of implementing the Mother Tongue policy for all our tribes has been hard work. 
It has been well over a decade now that the policy has become the practice nationwide and the next generation of Eritrean youth from all our 9 tribes are literate in their mother tongue, a policy the whole world needs to adopt. 
Thomas C. Mountain is an independent journalist in Eritrea, living and reporting from here since 2006. His speeches, interviews and articles can be seen on Facebook at thomascmountain and he can best be reached at . This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .",0
4779,Donald Trump Jr. Is His Own Kind of Trump - The New York Times,"Donald Trump Jr. is the Trump who has not always seemed at ease with being a Trump. He grew up in the penthouse of Trump Tower but was happy to escape the gilded trappings of his Manhattan childhood to spend parts of the summers hunting and fishing with his maternal grandfather in the woods of what was then Czechoslovakia. After graduating from his father’s alma mater, the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, he tended bar in Aspen, Colo. rather than immediately join the family business. Several months later, on Feb. 25, 2001, during a Mardi Gras celebration in New Orleans, he was arrested on charges of public drunkenness and spent 11 hours in jail. “I think, like anyone else, I made my mistakes,” Mr. Trump said of his arrest. “We have to be honest with ourselves. I’m not good at it, moderation. You have to have the conversation, be a realist, and say, ‘I guess I’m not doing myself any favors. ’” In 2001, Mr. Trump, the eldest of the five children from Donald J. Trump’s three marriages, went to work for the Trump Organization in the same building where he had grown up. He rose to executive vice president, and his status as a family member in good standing was on display when he appeared as a boardroom adviser on “The Apprentice,” the NBC reality show that   his father as a celebrity mogul nearly two decades after he had captured the public’s attention with his first best seller, “The Art of the Deal. ” Now Donald Jr. 39, has completed his own apprenticeship. Since his father was sworn in as president, he and his brother Eric, 33, have taken over management of the Trump Organization, with Donald Jr. overseeing commercial licensing and much of the international business and Eric managing the golf courses, among other duties. Donald Jr. is also a rising figure in Republican politics and a robust defender of the family name. As a public speaker who brings in an estimated $50, 000 per speech, he has impressed conservatives with a rough, straightforward manner that belies his cushy upbringing. Like his father, he uses Twitter to thrash liberals and lend support to those who are friendly to the president’s populist agenda. Given that he is a skilled outdoorsman and a member of the National Rifle Association who owns dozens of firearms, among them a Benelli Super Black Eagle II (for hunting waterfowl) and an   semiautomatic rifle (for marksmanship competitions) Mr. Trump also connects with heartland voters in a way that his more refined sister Ivanka may not. While Ms. Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, have lately elevated their social profile in Washington and Palm Beach, Fla. while keeping close contact with the president, her oldest brother has largely avoided the balls and benefits, preferring to hunker down in Midtown during the workweek and spend weekends in the Catskills with his wife, Vanessa, and their five children. “Don is the more chill version of any of the kids,” said Dee Dee Sides, who has known him since the early 2000s. He came into his own as a public figure during the presidential campaign. On the stump he was equally at ease before crowds in both Mississippi and Michigan, and television pundits gushed about his political future after his bluntly effective speech at the Republican National Convention, with some mentioning him as a potential mayoral candidate in New York City. “I don’t know if I could go   at that,” Mr. Trump said of a political career. “There is a part that is incredibly enticing. But it’s not human most of the time. ” Even as he embraces his new status in business and politics, Mr. Trump sounds, at times, as if it is some kind of anomaly. “If I could miracle myself away,” he said, “I would live out West. ” Mr. Trump’s friendships are rooted, for the most part, in hunting and fishing, sports that do not appeal to the   patriarch of the Trump family. He said he decided early on not to measure himself against his father. “I think people are often surprised, but I never defined myself as, ‘I’m the business guy who has to supersede what my father has done,’” he said. “He’s a totally unique individual. Somehow having to top his accomplishments is never the way I perceived things. ” He developed a distaste for living in public at an early age. In 1990, his father separated from his mother, Ivana Zelnickova, a Czech model and skier, after having an affair with the model and sometime actress Marla Maples. Donald Jr. was 12 at a time when gossip columnists, some encouraged by his father, chronicled the family soap opera. During this time, Donald Jr. did not speak to his father for a year, New York magazine reported in 2004 in an article about the Trump children. Before the divorce, Mr. Trump found a role model in someone quite different from his father: his maternal grandfather, Milos Zelnicek, an electrician who was an avid outdoorsman. In the summers, he stayed at the Zelniceks’ home in a town near Prague for six to eight weeks at a time, and his grandfather schooled him in camping, fishing, hunting and the Czech language. “He needed a father figure,” his mother said in a telephone interview. “Donald was not around that much. They would have to go to his office to say hello to him before going to school. ” Mr. Zelnicek, who died in 1990, allowed his grandson a freedom not readily available to a child of Fifth Avenue. As Mr. Trump put it: “He said: ‘There is the woods. See you at dark.’ I think I felt a little trapped in New York City. ” Despite the advantages of wealth, Mr. Trump said his life at home was not always easy. “In our family, if you weren’t competitive you didn’t eat,” he said. “You had to fight for what you wanted. ” His mother recalled walking into the breakfast room one morning and noticing that the chandelier was broken: “Ivanka said it was Don Jr. So I put him over my knee and spanked him. He said, ‘Mom, it wasn’t me! ’” It turned out that Ivanka lied, the former Mrs. Trump said. The divorce was made final in 1992, and Mr. Trump’s father married Ms. Maples the next year. Donald Jr. went to boarding school, the Hill School in Pottstown, Pa. where he practiced skeet shooting, and then it was on to Wharton, where he rowed crew and joined the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity. People who knew him then saw him as distinct from his parents. “He wasn’t into the gold,” said Jennifer Ireland Kubis, a New York real estate agent who dated one of Mr. Trump’s college friends. “He was trying to escape it. ” The young Mr. Trump also earned a reputation for hard partying, which seems to have continued until the Mardi Gras arrest. He no longer drinks, and he has suggested that the discipline of the sporting life kept him from going over the edge: “I know that the benefits I got from being in the woods, from being in a duck blind, from being in a tree stand at 5 o’clock in the morning, kept me out of so much other trouble I would have gotten into in my life,” he said in a speech at a   banquet for the 2016 Western Hunting and Conservation Expo in Salt Lake City. During his first year in the family business, he spent weekends at the Mashomack Preserve Club in Pine Plains, N. Y. where he ran into Gentry Beach, an acquaintance from college who was working at a Manhattan investment firm. “We loved being outdoors,” said Mr. Beach, who grew up in Dallas. Mr. Beach, 41, introduced Mr. Trump to Thomas Hicks Jr. 39, a Dallas friend whose father, an equity investor, once owned the Texas Rangers. Through the years, the three have hunted   deer in Texas, birds in Scotland and pheasant in Hungary. “For some people  —   you see that in New York a lot  —   they go hunting once every other year and they talk about it at a cocktail party for the next two years until they do it again,” Mr. Trump said in an interview. “For me, it is the way I choose to live my life. ” Being friends with Donny, as his closest friends call him, can be tricky, given the divisiveness of his father’s politics. Ms. Sides, for one, said she did not discuss politics with her friend. “Our views are different,” she said. “Don has never asked me, and he would not ask. ” It was his father who introduced Mr. Trump to Vanessa Haydon, the woman who would become his wife, at a fashion show in 2003. A onetime model with the Wilhelmina agency who once dated Leonardo DiCaprio, she had grown up on the Upper East Side. At the time of their engagement, Mr. Trump accepted a ring from the Bailey Banks  Biddle jewelry store in Short Hills, N. J. in exchange for publicity, recreating his proposal at its Short Hills Mall location in New Jersey. Soon afterward came an unflattering headline in The New York Post: “Trump Jr. Is the Cheapest Gazillionaire: Heirhead Proposes With Free 100G Ring. ” Even his father joined in the criticism, saying on the CNN talk show “Larry King Live,” “You have a name that is hot as a pistol, you have to be very careful with things like this. ” Donald Jr. and Vanessa were married at the    club in Palm Beach on Nov. 12, 2005, 10 months after his father married the former model Melania Knauss. These days Vanessa Trump’s Twitter account, with the handle @MrsVanessaTrump, frequently retweets her husband’s posts pertaining to family life, many of which include photographs of their weekends in the Catskills, where they fish and shoot, and ride A. T. V.s and snowmobiles. Although Mr. Trump has been charged with holding down the family business without input from his father  —   who resigned his position in the company without relinquishing his financial stake  —   he took advantage of his new standing within the Republican Party to dine last Saturday with a group of political heavyweights that included Senator Ted Cruz of Texas at the annual Reagan Day   dinner, where he delivered a speech. He told the crowd that he had had virtually “zero contact” with the president since the election, but added that he had found it difficult to resist the pull of politics. “I thought I was out of politics after Election Day,” he said, adding that he had thought he would “get back to my regular life and my family. “But I couldn’t,” he said. Two weeks before the Dallas speech, Mr. Trump found himself in the role of real estate tycoon during a stop in Vancouver, British Columbia, for the opening of a Trump International Hotel and Tower. Although the building unveiled that day was, at 63 stories, the city’s second highest, the city’s mayor, Gregor Robertson, skipped the event after demanding for two years that the Trump name be stripped from the building’s facade. The president’s son began his talk with a poke at the news media: “I’d like to thank the press,” he said. “Just kidding. ” Outside, about 100 protesters waved signs and shouted “Love Trumps Hate. ” To a large degree, his public image has been shaped by photographs that surfaced online in 2012 and   last year. They were taken during a hunting trip in 2010 arranged by Hunting Legends International, a safari company based in Pretoria, South Africa. A licensed guide accompanied Donald Jr. and Eric, along with a ranger from the Zimbabwe national parks department, who monitored the hunt. One photograph shows the Trump brothers taking a helicopter to the Matetsi, a region of Zimbabwe abundant with elephants and leopards. Another shows Eric with his arms wrapped around the limp body of a dead leopard. Perhaps most disturbing to nonhunters was the picture of Donald Jr. knife in one hand, the bloody tail of an elephant in the other. Animal rights advocates, including People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, cried foul after Hunting Legends posted the photos, and a sponsor dropped the show “The Celebrity Apprentice,” which Donald Jr. Ivanka and Eric appeared on as advisers, along with their father. Donald Jr. took to Twitter to defend himself, writing to one detractor, “I’m not going to run and hide because the PETA crazies don’t like me. ” He argues that the economic benefit of such safaris to African communities is often overlooked. Further, he said, the controversy allowed him to connect with other sportsmen. “There were people who I didn’t know who were hunters,” he said. “And, from that perspective, I get invited a lot. ” What is lost on nonhunters, he said, is the sense of community that is part of hunting trips. “Too much of hunting has turned into the notion of the kill,” he said. “It’s a component, the meat. But so much is experiential, so much is relationships. It is sitting in a duck blind with seven people, cooking breakfast. For me, it’s been a great way to see the world. The least interesting part is the three seconds it takes to pull the trigger. ” Near the window of Mr. Trump’s   office is a framed American flag signed by members of SEAL Team Six, the elite Navy unit that brought down Osama bin Laden. On his desk he displays a bronze statue of Theodore Roosevelt, the Republican president and hunter, and a bobblehead doll depicting his father. If he does not have his father’s gift for theatrics, he does share the president’s unwillingness to back down from comments and Twitter posts that roil liberals. “I’m not a curated kind of guy,” Mr. Trump said. “I don’t sit there and try to massage every possible word. I’m probably a little more like my father in that sense. You know, I say what I’m thinking. Most logical people will interpret it right. But if you are looking to create a story, you can probably come up with something. I learned about that the hard way, in terms of politics. ” Without much of a campaign apparatus last year, the younger Mr. Trump traveled in the company of his Dallas friends Mr. Beach and Mr. Hicks. “They did everything from help me raise money, to get in front of the right people, to carry my bags, to handling schedules,” he said. At the Republican convention in Cleveland last summer, he made use of a trope that served his father well: targeting the elite, despite his own privilege. “We’ve produced the thickest network of patronage and influence of any country at any time in world history,” he said from the stage. “It’s composed of a   people at the top, our new aristocrats. ” Critics said his views were influenced by white nationalists. After an interview with a Philadelphia radio station, he was accused of making a Holocaust reference when he warned that the media would be “warming up the gas chamber” for Republicans who behaved like Hillary Clinton. The Trump campaign later said he had been talking about “capital punishment. ” Mr. Trump was also interviewed on a radio show hosted by James Edwards, who has described himself as a “  advocate” and whom some have called a white supremacist. Mr. Trump was criticized, too, for earning an estimated $50, 000 for delivering a speech at an October event at the Ritz Paris hosted by the Center of Political and Foreign Affairs, a French think tank whose organizers have promoted Russian interests in Syria and elsewhere. He declined to comment on his speech. On Twitter he has reposted false reports and passed along memes favored by white nationalists. An example of this occurred during the campaign, when he compared Syrian refugees to a bowl of Skittles candies sprinkled with a few that “would kill you. ” He also retweeted a post by @voxday, who claimed that a woman making a Nazi salute at a Trump rally was a supporter of Bernie Sanders. The claim was false. (Further, @voxday is a pseudonym for the writer Theodore Beale, an advocate for the   movement.) Mr. Trump said he did not know who Mr. Beale was. “It just popped up in my timeline when someone retweeted it,” he said. Recently he reposted a Twitter message that said CNN tried to silence guests who went against its supposed liberal agenda. It was also untrue and was later deleted. While he mainly uses Twitter to defend the president, with frequent attacks on liberals thrown in, Mr. Trump also uses it for posts about his family, with many including photos of his wife and children. There is Vanessa Trump, bowling in the basement bowling alley at the White House on inaugural weekend. There is his son Tristan, snuggling with his parents in bed. On Feb. 10, opening day for the erotic thriller “Fifty Shades Darker,” Mr. Trump tweeted, “@MrsVanessaTrump   me to see the new 50 shades movie and I am the only guy in an otherwise packed theater. ” “It’s two hours of my life I’ll never get back,” he said. As Mr. Trump balances home life and work life in a hot political environment centered on his father, he maintains that he does not discuss business with the new president. “I haven’t spoken to him,” he said. “Maybe just to say hello. It feels trite. I feel ridiculous bothering him. ” Still, critics continue to point out occasions when business and politics seem in danger of mixing, as they did on Jan. 31, when Mr. Trump had a   seat at his father’s announcement of the Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil M. Gorsuch. “Where is the break point?” Mr. Trump said. “If I see him once a month, is that too much? Once a year? My point is, it’s a   scenario. But, in the end, we both fully recognize that what he is doing now is far more important than absolutely anything going on in the business. And we will conduct ourselves accordingly. ” Even the annual Easter Egg Roll at the White House, which is described as a race, could prove a political minefield, he said. “God forbid one of my kids wins. People will say it was rigged. ”",0
4781,BUILD UP WW3 World War 3 Is Coming Current Situation Analysis,source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
4782,Guardian Front Page: “A 16-Year-Old Migrant Cries…”,"Store Guardian Front Page: “A 16-Year-Old Migrant Cries…” This image of a ""16-year-old"" migrant crying – which is currently plastered on the front page of The Guardian – is nothing short of laughable Chris Menahan | Information Liberation - October 27, 2016 Comments 
Won’t you take pity on this poor, innocent little child? 
This image of a “16-year-old” migrant crying – which is currently plastered on the front page of The Guardian – is nothing short of laughable. 
“A 16-year-old from Ethiopia cries while he awaits registration at a processing centre in the makeshift refugee camp near Calais,” the photo’s caption reads. The image is placed under a headline reading: “Councils resist pressure to take children from Calais.” 

This crying “child” is supposed to make Brits feel guilty and demand their government allow “children” like him into their nation. 
The image is not a fake, nor is it being used satirically. It comes from the Associated Press’ Emilio Morenatti , you can see four pictures of the man for sale on their website . 
The “child migrant” is clearly in his 40’s, yet their editors evidently believe their readers are so incredibly stupid they’ll actually believe they’re looking at a 16-year-old boy. 
A look at Emilio’s twitter shows one person appears to have actually bought the lie: @morenatti2004 Imposible no hacernos mirar y luego, un nudo en la garganta. pic.twitter.com/A7zvz5440q 
— Luján Artola Paulos (@rowley_bel) October 25, 2016 
“Impossible not make us look, then, a lump in the throat,” the tweet reads. 
Incidentally, Ethiopia is not even a war zone, so I’m not sure how this 45-year-old man can even be considered a “refugee.” NEWSLETTER SIGN UP  ",0
4783,Celebs Attack Trump for Lifting Trans Bathroom School Guidelines,"Celebrities trashed President Donald Trump on social media Tuesday after his Education and Justice Departments announced that they would no longer instruct schools to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms and locker rooms according to their preferred gender identities. [Last year, the Obama administration offered federal protection to transgender students arguing that it was unlawful for public schools to discriminate against them based on sex.  Following Wednesday’s announcement, talk show superstar Ellen DeGeneres tweeted, “Just seeing the news about removing laws protecting trans people. This isn’t about politics. It’s about human rights, and it’s not okay. ” NSYNC band member Lance Bass reacted by calling the President an “asshole. ” Trump inauguration singer Jackie Evancho  —   whose sister is transgender  —   said she was “disappointed” in the administration. The teenage classical singer also demanded to meet with Trump to discuss the policy change. Just seeing the news about removing laws protecting trans people. This isn’t about politics. It’s about human rights, and it’s not okay.  —   Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow) February 23, 2017,  Trans friend, if you are struggling tonight, please reach out to @TrevorProject and @Translifeline. Equality for all! #ISTANDWITHGAVIN pic. twitter.   —   KATY PERRY (@katyperry) February 23, 2017,  What an asshole! Trump administration withdraws federal protections on transgender bathrooms in schools @CNNPolitics https:  .   —   Lance Bass (@LanceBass) February 23, 2017,  This is disgusting. This is unacceptable.  I #StandWithGavin and every Trans person who deserve nothing less than protection and equality. https:  .   —   Brie Larson (@brielarson) February 23, 2017,  Ugly! Trump administration set to rescind protections for transgender students ➡️ by @aterkel https:  .  via @HuffPostPol,  —   Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) February 22, 2017,  To the LGBTQ community, I’m sorry for the message that was sent today. They don’t speak for all of us. We love you.  —   Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) February 23, 2017,  They can’t get enough of getting off on targeting the vulnerable. https:  .   —   Jeffrey Wright (@jfreewright) February 23, 2017,  Come on Trump, even God is celebrating Trans rights! pic. twitter.   —   Jay Duplass (@jayduplass) February 23, 2017,  We need to protect trans youth and stand up against this cruelty that hurts our kids. Support @Translifeline,  —   Ellen Page (@EllenPage) February 22, 2017,  If you support lifting fed protections of trans kids, you are supporting an act of cruelty towards kids who know enough cruelty already    —   Andy Richter (@AndyRichter) February 23, 2017,  And if you do a little reading, you’ll find out you’re not protecting anyone, anyway.    —   Andy Richter (@AndyRichter) February 23, 2017,  Deportations, the sick, and now trans kids the cruelty of this administration is boundless.  —   Timothy Simons (@timothycsimons) February 23, 2017,  Everyday I tell my kid to be inclusive at school. Whether it be with the quiet kid or the boys or whatever. inclusivity is peace. harmony.  —   christina applegate (@1capplegate) February 23, 2017,  trans kids lives now in danger after a very short sense of false security. THE BLOOD IS ON YOUR HANDS, TRUMP SUPPORTERS. WAKE THE FUCK UP,  —   michelle visage (@michellevisage) February 23, 2017,  ”@POTUS” you sure you’re the best person to legislate the appropriate place for people to pee?  —   Danny Zuker (@DannyZuker) February 23, 2017,  Transgender kids are among the most vulnerable of all children. Schools and all of us have a moral obligation to protect them. https:  .   —   Mia Farrow (@MiaFarrow) February 23, 2017,  To my trans community, stay hopeful and stand united! #ProtectTransKids 💜💜💜 pic. twitter.   —   Jazz Jennings (@JazzJennings__) February 22, 2017,  Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
4784,REPORT: Dirty Reporter Blackmails Montel… Help Us Hit Trump or We’ll Print Your Address,"BREAKING: Trump Jumps in FL, Takes 4 Point Lead in OH 
Williams, who has publicly stated that he was not a Trump supporter, is nevertheless a man of honor and integrity. He doesn’t sell his values to common thugs who use bylines as weapons. 
According to both Williams and his attorney, Jonathan Franks, Jacob Bernstein from The Times approached Williams, asking for cooperation on a story alleging that people who live in Trump-branded buildings want the Trump name removed in light of the very difficult and contentious 2016 election season. 
Williams, an independent who lives in a Trump-developed New York building, declined to cooperate.   
According to Franks, Bernstein replied to a specific request not to print Williams’ address by stating he “would be more likely to extend that courtesy if Montel gave an interview.” 
Protecting another person’s privacy, especially the privacy of the ballot box, is not a special courtesy. It’s simply common decency. 
The Washington Examiner took their colleagues at The Times to task for this low-life journalism, noting that Williams identifies as a conservative but is not a registered Republican. He endorsed Ohio Gov. John Kasich in the 2016 GOP primary and has publicly credited Kasich for bringing him back into the conservative fold. 
Please share this article on Facebook and Twitter to help expose the media’s liberal bias.  ",0
4785,Sentenced to Death: A Look at Dylann Roof’s Rampage and Its Aftermath - The New York Times,"Update: A federal jury has unanimously sentenced Dylann S. Roof to die. The white supremacist showed no remorse for killing nine members of a black church in South Carolina. Read more » • Mr. Roof, a white supremacist with no known ties to any organized group, was convicted of the   assault on Dec. 15 by the same federal jury. • Mr. Roof’s guilt was never in question in the trial, and the jury deliberated for about three hours before assessing the death penalty. • Judge Richard M. Gergel has scheduled a formal sentencing hearing for Wednesday at 9:30 a. m. “We want to express our sympathy to all of the families who were so grievously hurt by Dylann Roof’s actions. Today’s sentencing decision means that this case will not be over for a very long time. We are sorry that, despite our best efforts, the legal proceedings have shed so little light on the reasons for this tragedy. ” “We are Dylann Roof’s family. We will always love Dylann. We will struggle as long as we live to understand why he committed this horrible attack, which caused so much pain to so many good people. We wish to express the grief we feel for the victims of his crimes, and our sympathy to the many families he has hurt. We continue to pray for the Emanuel A. M. E. families and the Charleston community. ” “No verdict can bring back the nine we lost that day at Mother Emanuel. And no verdict can heal the wounds of the five church members who survived the attack or the souls of those who lost loved ones to Roof’s callous hand. But we hope that the completion of the prosecution provides the people of Charleston  —   and the people of our nation  —   with a measure of closure. ” On the evening of Wednesday, June 17, 2015, Mr. Roof, a    white man, walked into the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, S. C. and asked for the pastor, the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney. Mr. Roof was directed to a Bible study session, where he sat down next to the pastor, and for nearly an hour, listened and took part in the discussion. Mr. Roof then pulled out a .  Glock semiautomatic pistol, loaded with   bullets, and according to witnesses, told the minister and parishioners, “You are raping our women and taking over our country. ” He shot and killed nine people, including Mr. Pinckney, before fleeing the church. He shot each victim multiple times, reloading his gun several times. Mr. Roof told investigators and friends that he had hoped to start a race war. He complained of what he saw as black corruption and takeover of the United States and what he said was an epidemic of    crime. He owned a website that included an essay on his belief in the danger and inferiority of blacks and the value of segregation. In the essay, Mr. Roof, a   dropout with few friends and no steady work, also gave his reasons for the attack: “We have no skinheads, no real KKK, no one doing anything but talking on the internet. Well someone has to have the bravery to take it to the real world, and I guess that has to be me. ” The gunman could not have chosen a target more laden with symbolism about the nation’s tortured racial history, and he apparently knew it, singling out the church for that reason. Emanuel A. M. E. lies in the historic heart of Charleston, the capital of the slave trade in the United States, the cradle of the Confederacy and the place where the first shots of the Civil War were fired. The church, known as Mother Emanuel, occupies a place of pride in southern black history it is one of the oldest black congregations in the South, dating back two centuries. Many people were shaken because the shooting happened in a place of sanctuary and because of who the victims were: nine people who were described as gentle and deeply religious. Three of them were over age 70, and four were pastors. At Mr. Roof’s first court appearance a few days later, victims’ family members stunned and moved millions of Americans by speaking of forgiveness and redemption, rather than anger and vengeance. Black churches have been frequent targets of racist attacks for generations, and for people old enough to remember, the shooting carried reminders of the 1963 church bombing in Birmingham, Ala. that killed four black girls. One of the Charleston dead, Mr. Pinckney, 41, was also a Democratic state senator and a leader of South Carolina’s black community whose warmth won him friends even among political adversaries. At his funeral, President Obama gave the eulogy, an impassioned plea to recognize and oppose prejudice, saying, “For too long, we’ve been blind to the way past injustices continue to shape the present. ” After decades of debate, a Confederate battle flag was removed from the grounds of South Carolina’s state Capitol with remarkable swiftness, lowered for good less than a month after the shooting, following an emotional debate in the Legislature. In previous fights over the flag, white conservatives defended it staunchly, but this time, conservative Republicans like Gov. Nikki Haley, Senator Lindsey Graham and State Senator Paul Thurmond  —   son of the United States senator and onetime segregationist champion Strom Thurmond  —   publicly opposed the flag, sealing its fate. But calls for stricter gun controls, including tighter background checks for buying weapons, fell flat. Under federal law, Mr. Roof’s record of drug abuse might have barred him from buying the gun he used, but the balky background check system failed to produce the needed information within three days, so he was able to go ahead with the purchase. Mr. Roof confessed to investigators soon after he was arrested, and more recently, he offered to plead guilty in return for a sentence of life in prison. But federal prosecutors decided to go to trial and seek the death penalty. At his trial last month, his lawyers conceded that he had committed the attack. A jury found him guilty of all 33 counts against him, including hate crimes resulting in death. The case then moved to the penalty phase, to determine whether Mr. Roof should be executed. (If he had not been sentenced to die, he could have still faced capital punishment in state court.) Acting as his own lawyer in the penalty phase, Mr. Roof declined to present any defense, and he refused any argument or evidence suggesting mental illness. In a journal he kept before the shooting, he had written: “I am morally opposed to psychology. It is a Jewish invention. ” The vast majority of capital sentences and executions stem from state courts, not federal. Of about 2, 900 people on death rows in the United States, just 68 face sentences meted out by federal courts, including six by military courts. The federal inmates under death sentences include Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, one of the brothers who carried out the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013 and Nidal Hasan, who committed the Fort Hood shooting in 2009. When Timothy McVeigh, the Oklahoma City bomber, was executed in 2001, he was the first federal inmate put to death in 38 years. There have been just two federal executions since then  —   in 2001 and 2003. It would be hard to find another crime where the toll was as high, the victims were as sympathetic, the premeditation was as evident and the defendant’s guilt was as  . But Mr. Roof’s case has prompted a   debate over whether he should be put to death. Some commentators and editorial boards have argued that a crime of this magnitude cries out for execution. Even some with doubts about how the death penalty is used say that if capital punishment is to continue, Mr. Roof warrants it. Death penalty opponents agree that if any defendant deserves the ultimate punishment, it is Mr. Roof, but they insist that the case against capital punishment should still outweigh the anger and revulsion over any particular case. They argue that its use has been wildly inconsistent and even arbitrary, and exonerations of convicted inmates show that the risk of putting an innocent person to death is high. A twist in this case is that a common argument against the death penalty is that it is more likely to be used when the victims are white and the accused are black  —   the reverse of the circumstances in the Charleston shooting. Another is that even some family members of those who were murdered have spoken out against executing Mr. Roof. Much less common than it used to be. States carried out 20 executions last year, the lowest figure in 25 years. Courts handed down just 30 new death sentences, down from more than 300 in 1996, the lowest figure since the early 1970s.",0
4786,G.O.P.’s Health Care Tightrope Winds Through the Blue-Collar Midwest - The New York Times,"DEFIANCE, Ohio  —   James Waltimire, a police officer on unpaid medical leave, has been going to the hospital in this small city twice a week for physical therapy after leg surgery, all of it paid for by Medicaid. Mr. Waltimire, 54, was able to sign up for the government health insurance program last year because Ohio expanded it to cover more than 700, 000   adults under the Affordable Care Act. He voted for President Trump  —   in part because of Mr. Trump’s support for law enforcement  —   but is now worried about the Republican plan to effectively end the Medicaid expansion through legislation to repeal the health care law. “Originally the president said he wasn’t going to do nothing to Medicaid,” Mr. Waltimire said the other day after a rehab session. “Now they say he wants to take $880 billion out of Medicaid. That’s going to affect a lot of people who can’t afford to get insurance. ” As Republicans in Washington grapple with how to meet their promise of undoing the greatest expansion of health care coverage since the Great Society, they are struggling with what may be an irreconcilable problem: bridging the vast gulf between the expectations of   voters like Mr. Waltimire who propelled Mr. Trump to the presidency, and longstanding party orthodoxy that it is not the federal government’s role to provide benefits to a wide swath of society. If they push forward the   health bill, which could come to a vote as early as this coming week, Republicans may honor their vow to repeal what they derided as Obamacare, but also risk doing disproportionate harm to the older,   white voters who are increasingly vital to their electoral coalition. Many of those voters live in small Midwestern cities like Defiance and neighboring Bryan, home of a candy company that makes Dum Dum lollipops but has moved many of its jobs to Mexico. Though unemployment is low in the region, where farmland stretches for miles between towns, the slow erosion of manufacturing has taken a toll, and “what’s left in our communities are   jobs,” said Dr. Neeraj Kanwal, the president of Defiance Regional Hospital. The region has voted Republican in presidential contests for decades, but its support for Mr. Trump  —   he took 64 percent of the vote in Defiance County and an even larger share in most of the surrounding counties  —   was more resounding than for any candidate since Ronald Reagan. Yet many people here tend to have conflicting values that make repeal of the health law appealing on its face but ultimately hard to swallow. “People in this community are very conservative. They struggle with the federal budget deficit, and they like the idea of personal responsibility,” said Phil Ennen, the president and chief executive of Community Hospitals and Wellness Centers, which has a   hospital in Bryan. “But at the same time, we have a lot of friends and family and neighbors who just don’t have a lot going for them. There is a population out there that needs Medicaid. That’s the dilemma. ” It is a daunting paradox for a party that, at least in theory, was once unified around a belief that Washington should be tamed, not empowered. But by winning the White House under the banner of economic nationalism, and carrying a series of   Rust Belt states, Mr. Trump has left his adopted party struggling to come to terms with the reality of who are now voting for Republicans  —   and what they expect from their government. Nearly a million Ohio residents gained coverage under the health care act, either through expanded Medicaid or via the new marketplaces created by the law. The governor, John Kasich, who has become one of his party’s leading pragmatists, was one of several Republican governors who carried out the Medicaid expansion. Late this past week, he joined some of them in a letter to the congressional leadership requesting that the new health care bill be changed so that the Medicaid expansion is not ended entirely. The state’s Republican senator, Rob Portman, has been among the most outspoken Republican lawmakers expressing concern over any attempt to quickly end the expansion. But the Republican congressman who represents Defiance and the surrounding area, Bob Latta, is an ally of the House leadership and has supported the replacement bill. For all the focus on demands by the party   that the    bill be less expansive, there is also rising concern among mainline Republicans from states with large numbers of   whites about a backlash. The group includes Mr. Portman, as well as Senators Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, Tom Cotton of Arkansas, Bill Cassidy of Louisiana and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia. “The folks who Hillary Clinton called the ‘deplorables’ are actually those who want better coverage, who we’d be hurting if we don’t change this bill,” Mr. Cassidy said, noting that Mr. Trump promised “he’d give them better care. ” The senator, a physician who once worked in his state’s charity hospital network, bluntly said that the philosophical debate was over and that his party ought to be pragmatic about how best to create a more   and comprehensive health care system. “There’s a widespread recognition that the federal government, Congress, has created the right for every American to have health care,” he said, warning that to throw people off their insurance or make coverage unaffordable would only shift costs back to taxpayers by burdening emergency rooms. “If you want to be fiscally responsible, then coverage is better than no coverage. ” A new Pew Research Center survey indicated that the number of Republicans making below $30, 000 a year who believe the federal government has a responsibility to ensure health coverage for all had risen to 52 percent from 31 percent last year. And while just 14 percent of Republicans who make between $30, 000 and about $75, 000 last year said the government bore responsibility for health care, now 34 percent of such voters do. “This is a function of Donald Trump engineering a takeover of the Republican Party,” said Whit Ayres, a longtime Republican pollster. “It was takeover more than assimilation, and this is the eminently predictable result. ” But now that it is Mr. Trump’s Republican Party, those who elected him will expect him to fulfill his campaign commitments. Few Republicans can appreciate the political challenges of the Affordable Care Act like Davy Carter, a Republican and former speaker of the Arkansas House, who shepherded the law’s Medicaid expansion through his conservative legislature in a state where President Barack Obama was disdained. “If he doesn’t do what he said he was going to do, it will alienate the very voters that put him in office,” Mr. Carter said, referring to Mr. Trump. He has a warning for fellow Republicans who represent states with large   populations that, like his own, have shifted away from their Democratic roots: They did not change parties because they suddenly became   conservatives. Mr. Trump, who pledged repeatedly on the campaign trail to undo Mr. Obama’s “disastrous” health law, appears torn. He is struggling between the political imperative to fulfill that promise  —   essential both for symbolic purposes of notching a win and for procedural reasons to go forward with an overhaul of the tax code  —   and his assurances that “everyone will be covered” under the new system. “We will take care of our people or I’m not signing it,” he said when pressed in a Fox News interview last week about how his voters might fare. If Congress moves ahead with the House version of the bill, vulnerable voters might find some allies within the health industry: Hospitals that serve the rural regions in what could be called Trump country would be particularly vulnerable. Their patients tend to be older, poorer and sicker, and their profit margins much narrower, if they make any profit at all. Mike Abrams, president and chief executive of the Ohio Hospital Association, worries that repeal of the health law could force some hospitals to close. “But honestly,” he said, “even if they didn’t close, they would have to make some decisions that would be unwelcome by the community. ” At Defiance Regional, where Mr. Waltimire, the injured police officer, gets his care, Medicaid provides 22 percent of the revenue, up from 15 percent before the Affordable Care Act took effect. The   hospital, part of the ProMedica Health System in Toledo, has expanded mental health services and is adding a second medical office building. Randy Oostra, ProMedica’s president and chief executive, said the Republican proposal to give states a fixed amount of money for each person on Medicaid, instead of a large share of whatever each state needs to spend, would be particularly wrenching. “It will drive down reimbursement over time, and we’re going to start stripping care away,” Mr. Oostra said. “They may have Medicaid, but it’ll be so stripped down that they basically won’t have coverage. ” For those who get private coverage through the Affordable Care Act marketplaces, the Republican plan would provide tax credits based on age instead of income to help with the cost. Independent analyses have found that people in their 50s and 60s would be especially likely to find coverage unaffordable under the new system, which would also allow insurers to charge older people five times as much as younger ones. Pegge Sines, 62, of rural Edgerton, Ohio, did not vote for president, but her husband, a longtime factory worker who died of lung cancer in December, was an ardent Trump supporter. They had subsidized private insurance through the health care law that covered virtually all his treatment, she said. Ms. Sines now pays $222 a month for her insurance from the Affordable Care Act marketplace, with a tax credit of $712 covering the rest. That $8, 544 annual subsidy is more than twice the $4, 000 annual tax credit she would get under the Republican plan. An aim of Republican legislation is to reduce private premiums, but Ms. Sines’s son, who along with her other two grown children signed up for Medicaid under the expansion, has been warning that their coverage could be “in trouble,” she said. She cannot believe Mr. Trump would allow that to happen. “I can’t imagine them not keeping it like it is now,” said Ms. Sines, who runs a group home for the elderly. Mr. Waltimire said he hoped to return to the police force, and the health benefits it provides, this year. But with no guarantee of good health  —   he was injured in a fall in 2009 and has had circulatory problems ever since  —   he also hopes other options remain available. “It’s kind of hard for me,” he said of having free government coverage. “I’ve always worked all my life. But like my counselor said, sometimes you just have to say thank you and move forward. ” Referring to Mr. Trump, he added, “I hope he makes it so that everybody can afford insurance. ”",0
4787,Bill Cosby’s Freedom and Legacy at Stake as Sexual Assault Trial Begins,"NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP)  —   Accompanied into the courthouse by a member of the TV family who cemented his   image as America’s Dad, Bill Cosby went on trial Monday on sexual assault charges, his legacy and his freedom on the line. [Cosby, 79, is accused of drugging and violating an employee of Temple University’s basketball program at his suburban Philadelphia mansion in 2004. The comedian could get 10 years in prison if convicted.  His wife was absent as the TV star, using a wooden cane, hobbled past dozens of cameras into the courthouse. He chatted with actress Keshia Knight Pulliam, who played his daughter Rudy on the   “Cosby Show,” as they walked together. Cosby smiled but said nothing when someone asked how he was feeling. Judge Steven T. O’Neill instructed the jurors for an hour, reminding them not to glance at news updates on their cellphones. The jury was selected in the Pittsburgh area because of the heavy publicity surrounding the case and is sequestered at a hotel for the duration of the trial, expected to last two weeks. Prosecutors and the defense were to give their opening statements later in the day. Cosby’s accuser, Andrea Constand, 44, of the Toronto area, is expected to take the stand this week and tell her story in public for the first time. The jury consists of seven men and five women. Two members are black. Cosby has suggested that the accusations against him may be racially motivated. Cosby built a   reputation as a father and family man, on screen and off, during his extraordinary   career in entertainment. He created TV characters, most notably Dr. Cliff Huxtable, with crossover appeal among blacks and whites alike. His TV shows, films and comedy tours earned him an estimated $400 million. Then a deposition unsealed in 2015 in a lawsuit brought by Constand revealed an unsavory private life marked by a long history of extramarital liaisons with young women. Dozens of women came forward to say he had drugged and assaulted them. The statute of limitations for prosecuting Cosby had run out in nearly every case. This is the only one to result in criminal charges against the comic. Celebrity attorney Gloria Allred, who showed up for the first day of the trial, told reporters she is hopeful “there will be justice in this case. ” Allred represents several of Cosby’s accusers, including a woman who worked for the comedian’s agent at the William Morris agency. She will be the only other accuser allowed to testify for the prosecution. “I’m not going to predict what the outcome is,” Allred said. “We’ll see what the evidence is. But this case is not going to be decided on optics, it’s going to be decided on the evidence, and finally, it’s Mr. Cosby who’s going to have to face that evidence and confront the accusers who are against him. ” The judge hopes to avoid the kind of media frenzy that surrounded O. J. Simpson’s murder trial in the 1990s. The cameras that dominated Simpson’s trial aren’t allowed in Pennsylvania courtrooms. “We’ve had an O. J. hangover for many years,” said Loyola Law School professor Laurie Levenson. “What you worry about as the judge is that the lawyers don’t showboat, the evidence gets presented fairly, and that you have a jury that does its job and is not being thrown into the whole milieu of the trial outside the courtroom. ” Constand filed a police complaint in 2005 over the night a year earlier, when, she says, Cosby drugged her and put his hand down her pants. The district attorney at the time said the case was too weak to prosecute. But a new set of prosecutors charged Cosby a year and a half ago after the deposition became public and numerous women came forward. In one of the more explosive disclosures in the deposition, Cosby said he had obtained quaaludes in the 1970s to give to women before sex. Cosby’s lawyers have said that the encounter with Constand was consensual, and they tried repeatedly to get the case thrown out. They said Cosby testified in the lawsuit only after being promised he could never be charged. And they argued that the delayed prosecution makes the case impossible to defend, given that witnesses have died, memories have faded and Cosby, they say, is blind. The AP does not typically identify people who say they are sexual assault victims unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.",0
4788,Trump’s success shocks global markets,"Trump’s success shocks global markets 10.11.2016 Victory of Donald Trump at the US presidential elections has shaken up global markets, which staked on the Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. For the latest 4 hours gold prices have grown 4.5% - up to $60 given serious fight between presidential candidates. While the January Brent oil futures decreased 2.2%. The Mexican peso has fallen to a record low against dollar, having lost 13.1%. The dollar itself dropped by 3.3% to 101.66 yen. And lost 1.9% against the Swiss franc. The Canadian dollar plummeted to 8-month low against the Australian dollar and decreased by 1.9%. The pound sterling gained 1.04%. The euro increased 2.2% as well. Experts believe that namely reports about Trump's leaving Clinton behind in one of the key states - Florida - acted as a catalyst for dollar's decrease. It should be noted that while XX century was marked with dollarization, today the reverse is gaining ground - more and more countries switch to national currencies in payments, bypassing the dollar. Pravda.Ru",0
4789,"With C.I.A. Hacking Revelations, How to Protect Your Devices - The New York Times","WikiLeaks this week published a trove of documents that appears to detail how the Central Intelligence Agency successfully hacked a wide variety of tech products, including iPhones, Android devices,   routers and Samsung televisions. That’s just about every major category of consumer electronics. So what does that mean for you if you own one  —   or several  —   of these gadgets? For many people, it may mean nothing at all. The thousands of pages of documents refer to programs that attacked outdated versions of the software systems running on devices, and many security vulnerabilities have since been patched. On the other hand, many people may still use outdated software on their devices. And although the C. I. A. designed these tools to spy on terrorists in the interest of national security, the hacking tools may have ended up in the hands of a whole range of entities. The fallout may also end up being broader. WikiLeaks, which released documents covering 2013 to 2016, has said its initial publication was just the first installment in a bigger cache of secret C. I. A. material. So even if you aren’t worried about what WikiLeaks revealed about the C. I. A. right now for yourself, here are some tips for protecting your cellphones, televisions and internet routers. What you can do if you’re on Android Hundreds of millions of Android users still use devices based on older versions of the   mobile operating system. The WikiLeaks document collection, which includes 7, 818 web pages and 943 attachments, showed that the Android devices targeted by the hacking programs were mostly running a version of Android 4. 0. Today, about 30 percent of Android users, or at least 420 million people, are on a variant of Android 4. 0, according to Google. The company said it was investigating reports of the security issues described in the WikiLeaks documents. With the limited information we have now, the best thing people can do is to stop procrastinating on updating their software. “The one thing that people can and should be doing is keeping their apps and phones as    as possible,” said Kurt Opsahl, deputy executive director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital rights nonprofit. For owners of older devices, getting the latest software updates may not be easy. Many older Android handsets, like the Samsung Galaxy S3, are unable to download the latest version of the Android software. If you are in that boat, it’s a good time to purchase a new smartphone  —   such as the Google Pixel  —   which is running the latest Android software. Other than ensuring that you have the latest operating system, Google recommends that Android users protect their devices with lock screens and PIN codes, and to enable a setting called Verify Apps, which scans apps downloaded from outside of Google’s app store for malware. What you can do on an iPhone Many iPhone owners are far more    with their mobile software than Android device owners. So only a minority of iPhone users have devices with the versions of the Apple iOS operating system that the WikiLeaks documents mention. Specifically, the WikiLeaks documents referred to exploits working on versions of iOS up to 8. 2. About 79 percent of Apple users are running iOS 10, the latest version of the system, and only 5 percent are running a version older than iOS 9, according to Apple. In raw numbers, with more than one billion iOS devices sold worldwide, that amounts to at least 50 million people running the outdated software. For those worried about their iPhone security, the advice is generally the same here as for Android owners: iPhone and iPad users should make sure to be running the latest operating system, iOS 10. Apple said on Tuesday that many of the security issues described in the WikiLeaks documents had already been patched in the latest version of its software and that it was working to address remaining vulnerabilities. Not all Apple devices can get the latest operating system. Apple’s iOS 10 is compatible with iPhones as far back as the iPhone 5 released in 2012, and with iPads as old as the iPad Air and iPad Mini 2 released in 2013. If you are using anything older than those, it’s a good time to buy a new device for the stronger security. What you can do with your Samsung TV With Samsung televisions, the situation is less clear. The documents mentioned programs attacking smart TVs in Samsung’s F8000 series, which include microphones for voice controls. Samsung said it was looking into the WikiLeaks reports, and noted that software updates with the latest security enhancements are automatically downloaded on its televisions. The company did not immediately comment on whether any vulnerabilities had been patched. The documents published by WikiLeaks disclosed that a tool called Weeping Angel puts the target TV in a “fake off” mode. Then, with the owner believing the TV is turned off, the set secretly records conversations in the room and sends them over the internet to a C. I. A. server computer. Smart TVs are part of a proliferating category of “internet of things” devices that have raised security concerns because many of the companies that make them do not have strong backgrounds in information security. In a recent column I wrote about defending a smart home from cyberattacks, experts recommended strengthening   settings and regularly auditing smart home devices for software updates, among other tips. That advice might not be sufficient for addressing privacy concerns around Samsung’s smart TVs, because the Weeping Angel hack continues to control the television even when it appears to be turned off. Craig Spiezle, executive director of the Online Trust Alliance, a nonprofit privacy group, said the WikiLeaks revelations could spur action that he sees as lacking from makers of connected devices. “I see this as a   call for the industry to build better security and for consumers of these devices to rethink what they have and, in some cases, disconnect their connectivity,” Mr. Spiezle said. What to do with your router The WikiLeaks documents also described methods of injecting malware into routers offered by Asian manufacturers like Huawei, ZTE and Mercury. In general, it is wise for everyone to regularly check routers for   firmware updates to make sure they get the latest security enhancements. Depending on which router you own, downloading the latest firmware update isn’t very intuitive because it usually requires logging into the router. More modern routers like Eero and Google Wifi include mobile apps that help you download the latest updates automatically, so consider one of those if you are worried. What to do with your computer The WikiLeaks documents mentioned attacks on Linux, Windows and Apple computers. Personal computers have always been the most vulnerable devices we own, so this tip is fairly obvious: Make sure to install the latest operating system updates and use antivirus software. And as always, stay on guard for suspicious websites that may be serving malware.",0
4790,Россия не пустила ВВС Турции в воздушное пространство Сирии,"1 комментариев 9 поделились Фото: AP 
Напомним, как сообщала Правда.Ру, 24 августа турецкая армия начала операцию ""Щит Евфрата"" против террористической группировки ""Исламское государство"" (ИГ, запрещена в России). При участии сирийской оппозиции военные взяли под контроль пограничный город Джараблус на севере Сирии и продолжают наступление на юго-запад. 
По словам президента Турции Тайипа Эрдогана, целью наступления является зачистка от террористов территории размером пять тысяч квадратных километров и создание на ней зоны безопасности для размещения беженцев. На севере Сирии турецкие войска регулярно вступают в столкновения с отрядами курдских ополченцев, которых они считают связанными с Рабочей партией Курдистана. 
Однако в Дамаске иное мнение по этому поводу. Присутствие турецкой армии на территории Сирии власти страны расценивают как нарушение суверенитета страны, способное привести к эскалации конфликта. 
20 октября, после того, как ВВС Турции вновь залетели в Сирию и атаковали позиции курдов под Алеппо, командование армии Сирии предупредило, что не будет терпеть на территории страны турецкие самолеты-нарушители и намерено сбивать их. Сирийские военные также возложили на Турцию ответственность за удары по деревням на севере Алеппо, а также в атаке на Хассаджек. 
Ближний Восток превратился в самую большую мировую головоломку, части которой уже никогда не сойдутся в изначальный рисунок. Потому что региональная специфика, помноженная на западные амбиции, приводит к полному провалу и неразберихе, которые мы имеем сегодня в Сирии. 
Рассмотреть вектор развития российско-турецких отношений, на фоне сирийского конфликта вкупе с западными потугами сохранить демократический имидж предлагает обозреватель Pravda.Ru историк и политолог Икбаль Дюрре . 
Прежде всего, отмечает политолог, надо рассмотреть крайнюю обеспокоенности Анкары по поводу активной поддержки курдов Вашингтоном. И обеспокоенность эта столь велика, что подталкивает Турцию к военному сотрудничеству с Москвой. При этом в Сирии продолжаются совместные действия турецких военных и сирийской свободной армией. 
При этом Запад четко обозначил, что не хочет участия Турции в операциях по спасению Ракии и Мосула. Одним словом, без слез на все эти рокировки не взглянешь. По сути, для Турции ничего не меняется, то она была заложницей ситуации с Россией, то сейчас она может стать заложницей ситуации с США. А за всем этим стоит только одна проблема - вечный конфликт с курдами и нежелание решить этот вопрос в рамках общепринятых демократических основ. 
Подробнее обо всем этом читайте в материале Икбаля Дюрре Курды разрубят ближневосточный узел 
Читайте последние новости Pravda. Ru на сегодня",0
4791,President al-Assad: United States and its Western allies are to blame for failure of latest ceasefire,"President al-Assad: United States and its Western allies are to blame for failure of latest ceasefire 
November 3rd, 2016 
Damascus, SANA – President Bashar al-Assad asserted that the United States and its Western allies are to blame for the failure of latest ceasefire, because terrorism and terrorists are for them a card they want to play on the Syrian arena. 
In an interview given to the Serbian newspaper Politika , President al-Assad said that Russia is very serious and very determined to continue fighting the terrorists, while the Americans base their politics on a different value as they use the terrorists as a card to play the political game to serve their own interests at the expense of the interests of other countries in the world. 
President al-Assad pointed out that Western countries wanted to use the humanitarian mask in order to have an excuse to intervene more in Syria, either militarily or by supporting the terrorists. 
Following is the full text of the interview: 
Question 1: Mr. President, why has the latest Syria ceasefire failed? Who is to blame for that? 
President Assad: Actually, the West, mainly the United States, has made that pressure regarding the ceasefire, and they always ask for ceasefire only when the terrorists are in a bad situation, not for the civilians. And they try to use those ceasefires in order to support the terrorists, bring them logistic support, armament, money, everything, in order to re-attack and to become stronger again. When it didn’t work, they ask the terrorists to make it fail or to start attacking again. So, who’s to blame? It’s the United States and its allies, the Western countries, because for them, terrorists and terrorism are a card they want to play on the Syrian arena, it’s not a value, they’re not against terrorists. For them, supporting the terrorists is a war of attrition against Syria, against Iran, against Russia, that’s how they look at it. That’s why not only this ceasefire; every attempt regarding ceasefire or political moving or political initiative, every failure of these things, the United States was to be blamed. 
Question 2: But which country is supporting terrorism? Saudi Arabia? Qatar? 
President Assad: Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Turkey… 
Journalist: Turkey? 
President Assad: Because they came through Turkey with the support of the government, direct support from the government. 
Journalist: Directly? 
President Assad: Direct support from the government, of course. 
Journalist: With money or with armament? 
President Assad: Let’s say, the endorsement, the greenlight, first. Second, the American coalition, which is called “international coalition,” which is an American. They could see ISIS using our oil fields and carrying the oil through the barrel trucks to Turkey under their drones… 
Journalist: This is the Syrian oil? 
President Assad: In Syria, from Syria to Turkey, under the supervision of their satellites and drones, without doing anything, till the Russians intervened and started attacking ISIS convoys and ISIS positions and strongholds. This is where ISIS started to shrink. So, the West gave the greenlight to those countries like Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar, and actually those countries, those governments are puppets; puppets to the West, puppets to the United States, they work as puppets, and the terrorists in Syria are their proxy, the proxy of those countries and proxy of the West and the United States. 
Question 3: But money for marketing this oil, who has the money? Turkey? 
President Assad: In partnership between ISIS and Turkey. Part of the money goes to ISIS because this is how they can make recruitment and pay salaries to their fighters. That’s why ISIS was growing before the Russian intervention, it was expanding in Syria and in Iraq. And part of the money is going to the Turkish government officials, mainly Erdogan himself and his family. 
Journalist: Erdogan himself? 
President Assad: Of course, of course. They were directly involved in this trade with ISIS. 
Question 4: Mr. President, do you believe the Russians and Americans can ever agree over Syria? Can Russia and the USA be partners in the war against terrorists in Syria? 
President Assad: We hope, but in reality, no, for a simple reason: because the Russians based their politics on values, beside their interest. The values are that they adopt the international law, they fight terrorism, and the interest that if you have terrorists prevailing in our region, that will affect not only our region but Europe, Russia, and the rest of the world. So, the Russians are very serious and very determined to continue fighting the terrorists, while the Americans based their politics on a different value, completely different value, their value is that “we can use the terrorists.” I mean the Americans, they wanted to use the terrorists as a card to play the political game to serve their own interests at the expense of the interests of other countries in the world. 
Question 5: The situation about bombing the Syrian Army near the airport in Deir Ezzor… How did the American air attack on the Syrian Army happen? Was it a coincidence or not? 
President Assad: It was premeditated attack by the American forces, because ISIS was shrinking because of the Syrian and Russian and Iranian cooperation against ISIS, and because al-Nusra which is Al Qaeda-affiliated group had been defeated in many areas in Syria, so the Americans wanted to undermine the position of the Syrian Army; they attacked our army in Deir Ezzor. It wasn’t by coincidence because the raid continued more than one hour, and they came many times. 
Journalist: One hour? 
President Assad: More than one hour. There were many raids by the Americans and their allies against the Syrian position. At the same time, they attacked a very big area; they didn’t attack a building to say “we made a mistake.” They attacked three big hills, not other groups neighboring these hills, and only ISIS existed in Deir Ezzor. There is no… what they called it “moderate opposition.” So, it was a premeditated attack in order to allow ISIS to take that position, and ISIS attacked those hills, and took those hills right away in less than one hour after the attack. 
Journalist: ISIS attacking Syrian position after American…? 
President Assad: Less than one hour, in less than one hour, ISIS attacked those hills. It means that ISIS gathered their forces to attack those hills. How did ISIS know that the Americans would attack that Syrian position? It means they were ready, they were prepared. This is an explicit and stark proof that the Americans are supporting ISIS and using it as a card to change the balance according to their political agenda. 
Journalist: And after that, America said sorry, huh? 
President Assad: They said they regret, they didn’t say sorry. [laughs] 
Question 6: Mr. President, who is responsible for the attack on the Red Cross convoy near Aleppo, and what weapons were used for the destruction of the Red Cross convoy? 
President Assad: Definitely the terrorist groups in Aleppo, because those are the ones who had an interest. When we announced the truce in Aleppo, they refused it. They said “no, we don’t want a truce.” They refused to have any convoys coming to eastern Aleppo, and that was public, it’s not our propaganda, it’s not our announcement, they announced it. And there was a demonstration by those militants to refuse that convoy. So, they have interest in attacking that convoy, we don’t have. It wasn’t in an area where you have Syrian troops, and at the same time there were no Syrian or Russian airplanes flying in that area anyway. But it was used as part of the propaganda, as part of the narrative against Syria in the West; that we attacked this humanitarian convoy, because the whole war now in Syria, according to the Western propaganda, is taking the shape of humanitarian war. This is the Western mask now; they wanted to use the humanitarian mask in order to have an excuse to intervene more in Syria, and when I say intervene it means militarily or by supporting the terrorists. 
Journalist: This is like the situation in former Yugoslavia, in the war in Yugoslavia, also in the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the war in Kosovo, humanitarian problems. 
President Assad: It’s a different era, maybe, a different shape, but the same core, what happened in your country, and what’s happening now in our country. 
Question 7: And the Western propaganda spoke about the problem of using the chemical weapons and the barrel bombs. 
President Assad: The same, to show that you have a black-and-white picture; very very bad guy against very very good guy. It’s like the narrative of George W. Bush during the war on Iraq and on Afghanistan. So, they wanted to use those headlines or those terms in their narrative in order to provoke the emotions of the public opinion in their countries. This is where the public opinion would support them if they wanted to interfere, either directly through military attacks, or through supporting their proxies that are the terrorists in our region. 
Question 8: I see the news in the last days, the Amnesty International condemned a terrorist group for using the chlorine, the chemical weapons in Aleppo. 
President Assad: In Aleppo, exactly, that happened a few days ago, and actually, regardless of these chemical attacks, we announced yesterday that the terrorists killed during the last three days more than 80 innocent civilians in Aleppo, and wounded more than 300. You don’t read anything about them in the Western mainstream media. You don’t see it, you don’t hear about it, there’s nothing about them. They only single out some pictures and some incidents in the area under the control of the terrorists just to use them for their political agenda in order to condemn and to blame the Syrian government, not because they are worried about the Syrians; they don’t care about our children, or about innocents, and about civilization, about infrastructure. They don’t care about it; they are destroying it. But actually, they only care about using everything that would serve their vested interests. 
Question 9: And now, your army… you are the supreme commander of Syrian military forces. Your army now has not any chemical weapons? 
President Assad: No, we don’t. Since 2013, we gave up our arsenals. Now, no we don’t have. But before that, we have never used it. I mean, when you talk about chemical weapons used by the government, it means you are talking about thousands of casualties in one place in a very short time. We never had this kind of incidents; just allegations in the Western media. 
Question 10: Mr. President, when do you think the Syrian war will end? 
President Assad: When? I always say less than one year is enough for you to solve your internal problem, because it is not very complicated internally. It’s becoming more complex only when you have more interfering by foreign powers. When those foreign powers leave Syria alone, we can solve it as Syrians in a few months, in less than one year. That’s very simple, we can, but providing that there’s no outside interference. Of course, that looks not realistic, because everybody knows that the United States wanted to undermine the position of Russia as a great power in the world, including in Syria. Saudi Arabia has been looking how to destroy Iran for years now, and Syria could be one of the places where they can achieve that, according to their way of thinking. But if we say that we could achieve that situation where all those foreign powers leave Syria alone, we don’t have a problem in solving our problem. 
How? First of all, by stopping the support of the terrorists by external countries like the regional ones like Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar, and by the West, of course, mainly the United States. When you stop supporting terrorists in Syria, it won’t be difficult at all to solve our problem. 
Question 11: Mr. President, is it true that Syria is the last socialistic country in the Arab world? 
President Assad: Today, yes. I don’t know about the future, how is it going to be. We are socialist, but of course not the closed type. 
Journalist: Humane socialism, because your government is supporting the education with the subvention, like the Swedish-type socialism. 
President Assad: I don’t know a lot about the Swedish-type, but let’s say that in Syria, we have an open economy, but at the same time we have a strong public sector, and that public sector played a very important role in the resilience of the Syrian society and the government during the war. Without that public sector, the situation would have been much more difficult. So, we’re still socialist, and I think the war proved that the socialism system is very important for any country, taking into consideration that I’m talking about the open socialism, that could allow the freedom of the public sector to play a vital role in building the country. 
Question 12: And your big companies… this is the state companies or private companies? 
President Assad: We have both. But usually in such a situation, the public sector always plays the most important part. As you know, the private sector could feel the danger more and could suffer more and in some areas could quit the whole arena, the economic arena, because of the insecurity. So, that’s why you have to depend in such a situation more on the public sector, but still the private sector in Syria plays a very important part beside the public. 
Question 13: And you have very very tolerance atmosphere with other churches, Christians, Muslims, and… 
President Assad: It’s not tolerance, actually; they are part of this society. Without all different colors of the society – Christians, Muslims, and the different sects and ethnicities – you won’t have Syria. So, every Syrian citizen should feel fully free in practicing his rituals, his traditions, his beliefs. He should be free in order to have a stable country. Otherwise you won’t have Syria as a stable country. But I wouldn’t call it tolerance. Tolerance means like we accept something against our will; no, Muslims and Christians lived together for centuries in Syria, and they integrate in their life on daily basis, they don’t live in ghettos. 
Question 14: No separate schools for Muslims, for Christians, young people, no? 
President Assad: No, no. You have some schools that belong to the church, but they are full of Muslims and vice versa. So, you don’t have, no. We don’t allow any segregation of religions and ethnicities in Syria, that would be very dangerous, but naturally, without the interference of the government, people would like to live with each other in every school, in every place, in every NGO, in the government, that is the natural… That’s why Syria is secular by nature, not by the government. The Syrian society has been secular throughout history. 
Question 15: And, Mr. President, it’s been one year since Russian air forces took part in the Syrian war, how much has Russia helped you? 
President Assad: Let’s talk about the reality. Before the Russian interference, ISIS was expanding, as I said. When they started interfering, ISIS and al-Nusra and the other Al Qaeda affiliated groups started shrinking. So, this is the reality. Why? Of course, because it’s a great power and they have great army and they have great firepower that could support the Syrian Army in its war. The other side of the same story is that when a great country, a great power, like Russia, intervene against the terrorists, in coordination with the troops on the ground, and in our case, it’s the Syrian Army, of course you’re going to achieve concrete results, while if you talk about the American alliance, which is not serious anyway, but at the same time they don’t have allies on the ground, they cannot achieve anything. So, the Russian power was very important beside their political weight on the international arena, in both ways they could change the situation, and they were very important for Syria in defeating the terrorists in different areas on the Syrian arena or battlefield. 
Question 16: Is the Syrian society divided by the war today? 
President Assad: Actually, it’s more homogenous than before the war. That could be surprising for many observers because the war is a very deep and important lesson for every Syrian. Many Syrians before the war didn’t tell the difference between being fanatic and being extremist, between being extremist and being terrorist. Those borders weren’t clear for many, because of the war, because of the destruction, because of the heavy price that affected every Syrian, many Syrians learned the lesson and now they know that the only way to protect the country and to preserve the country is to be homogenous, to live with each other, to integrate, to accept, to love each other. That’s why I think the effect of the war, in spite of all the bad aspects of any war like this war, but this aspect was positive for the Syrian society. So, I’m not worried about the structure of the Syrian society after the war. I think it’s going to be healthier. 
Question 17: And a question about the American presidential elections; who would you like to win in USA presidential elections, Trump or Hillary? 
President Assad: I think in most of the world, the debate about this election is who’s better, Clinton is better or Trump. In Syria, the discussion is who’s worse, not who’s better. So, no one of them, I think, would be good for us, let’s say, this is first. Second, from our experience with the American officials and politicians in general, don’t take them at their word, they’re not honest. Whatever they say, don’t believe them. If they say good word or bad word, if they were very aggressive or very peaceful, don’t believe them. It depends on the lobbies, on the influence of different political movements in their country, after the election that’s what is going to define their policy at that time. So, we don’t have to waste our time listening to their rhetoric now. It’s just rubbish. Wait for their policies and see, but we don’t see any good signs that the United States is going to change dramatically its policy toward what’s happening in the world, let’s say, to be fair, or to obey the international law, or to care about the United Nation’s Charter. There’s no sign that we are going to see that in the near future. So, it’s not about who’s going to be President; the difference will be very minimal, each one of them is going to be allowed to leave his own fingerprint, just personal fingerprint, but doesn’t mean change of policies. That’s why we don’t pin our hopes, we don’t waste our time with it. 
Question 18: Mr. President, the last question: The relation between Serbia and Syria, do you have any message for people in Serbia? 
President Assad: I think we didn’t do what we have to do on both sides in order to make this relation in a better position, before the war. Of course, the war will leave its effects on the relation between every two countries, that would be understandable, but we have to plan for the next time because your country suffered from external aggression that led to the division of Yugoslavia and I think the people are still paying the price of that war. Second, the war in your country has been portrayed in the same way; as a humanitarian war where the West wanted to intervene in order to protect a certain community against the aggressors form the other community. So, many people in the world believe that story, the same in Syria; they use the same mask, the humanitarian mask. 
Actually, the West doesn’t care about your people, they don’t care about our people, they don’t care about anyone in this world, they only care about their own vested interest. So, I think we have the same lessons, may be a different area, we are talking about two decades’ difference, maybe different headlines, but actually the content is the same. That’s why I think we need to build more relations in every aspect; cultural, economy, politics, in order to strengthen our position, each country in his region. 
Question 19: But Syrian government, you and Syria’s state, supporting Serbia in the problem of the Kosovo? 
President Assad: We did, we did, although the Turks wanted to use their influence for Kosovo, in Kosovo’s favor, but we refused. That was before the war, that was seven or eight years ago, and we refused, in spite of the good relation with Turkey at that time. We supported Serbia. 
Journalist: Mr. President, thank you for the interview, thank you for your time. 
President Assad: Not at all. Thank you for coming to Damascus. 
The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95",0
4792,"Putin and Trump Talk on Phone and Agree to Improve Ties, Kremlin Says - The New York Times","MOSCOW  —   President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and   Donald J. Trump spoke by telephone for the first time on Monday, agreeing to review what both consider the poor state of relations between the two countries, according to a statement from the Kremlin. The two agreed “on the absolutely unsatisfactory state of bilateral relations,” said the statement, and they both endorsed the idea of undertaking joint efforts “to normalize relations and pursue constructive cooperation on the broadest possible range of issues. ” The issues discussed included trade and economic ties as well as combating terrorism. Mr. Putin was one of the first world leaders to congratulate Mr. Trump last Wednesday, sending him a telegram about an hour after he had emerged the victor, but the two men have not met nor had they spoken previously. Mr. Putin repeated the congratulations over the phone. The Russian president said he hoped that Moscow could build a “collaborative dialogue” with Washington on the bases of “equality, mutual respect and noninterference in the other’s internal affairs,” the release said. The two men also discussed Syria in the context of “the need to work together in the struggle against the No. 1 common enemy  —   international terrorism and extremism,” the statement said. Although Mr. Putin maintained studied neutrality during the presidential race, the   news media, which answers to him, clearly pulled for Mr. Trump. Among other issues, Mr. Putin blames Hillary Clinton, then secretary of state, for the mass demonstrations that greeted his return to the presidency in 2012. After Mrs. Clinton lost, the flagship state television news broadcast took to referring to her as the “blonde woman. ” During the campaign, senior United States security officials accused Russia of hacking the computers at the Democratic National Committee headquarters and releasing emails that proved embarrassing to the Clinton campaign. Mr. Putin denied any state role in the hacking. The Russian government was one of the few around the world that was openly gleeful about the American election result, with members of the State Duma, the lower house of the Russian legislature, breaking into applause at the announcement. The United Russia party, loyal to Mr. Putin, dominates the Duma. Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin developed something of a mutual admiration society during the election, particularly after Mr. Trump suggested that Crimea, which Moscow annexed from Ukraine, should belong to Russia and that the United States should ally itself with Russia and the Syrian government of President Bashar   to fight the Islamic State. Mr. Trump also suggested the United States might dilute its support for NATO, which Russia considers a main threat. Much of the brief statement from the Kremlin about the telephone call echoed previous statements that Mr. Putin had made about his goals for relations with Washington, including “a return to pragmatic, mutually beneficial cooperation. ” Mr. Putin openly endorses the idea that the world should return to the era when two superpowers assumed a general responsibility for global stability and security. Some analysts, however, have suggested that Mr. Trump is unpredictable and the traditional Republican penchant for painting Russia as a dire threat could still emerge. The Putin administration is hoping that the West will lift sanctions imposed over the crisis in Ukraine. On the phone call, which the Kremlin said was arranged by mutual consent, the two men agreed to stay in contact and to meet at an unspecified date in the future. Earlier, Mr. Trump described the note on his victory that he received from Mr. Putin as “beautiful. ” For its part, Russia has continued its glowing tributes to Mr. Trump as a paragon who triumphed in what is repeatedly depicted in the Russian media as the swamp of American politics. The main weekly news program on state television every Sunday night tends to focus mainly on the United States, with Dmitry Kiselyov, the anchor, suggesting this week that Europe follow the American lead in replacing its leaders. Under President Trump, Mr. Kiselyov said, the American government would finally drop what the Russian anchor called its annoying slogans about human rights and democracy. “Russia has a lot of trust in Trump,” he said.",0
4793,When Can Fetuses Feel Pain? Utah Abortion Law and Doctors Are at Odds - The New York Times,"SALT LAKE CITY  —   Starting later this month, women in Utah seeking an abortion 20 weeks or more into a pregnancy will first have to be given anesthesia or painkillers  —   drugs that are intended not for them, but for the fetus. Those are the terms of a new law that has made Utah the first state in the country to require what doctors here are calling “fetal anesthesia” for the small percentage of abortions that occur at this point in a pregnancy. The law, passed by the   State Legislature and signed in late March by Gov. Gary R. Herbert, a Republican, has opened a new front in the heated debate over fetal pain. The science examining when a fetus begins to feel pain is complex. Most scientists who have expressed views on the issue have said they do not think the neurological wiring to feel pain is in place until a fetus is further along in a pregnancy, past the point when nearly all abortions occur. But in recent years the issue has become political fodder in legislative battles over restricting abortions later in a pregnancy.   groups and lawmakers in Utah said they were acting out of concern for the fetus. But abortion rights activists and some obstetricians and maternal care doctors in Utah said the law was bafflingly vague and scientifically unsound. They said that it intruded into confidential decisions between doctors and patients, and that it could put women’s health at risk by creating a broad requirement for them to take unspecified painkillers. “You’re asking me to invent a procedure that doesn’t have any research to back it up,” said Dr. Leah Torres, an   who spends half of a Saturday each month working in Salt Lake City at one of Utah’s two licensed abortion clinics. “You want me to experiment on my patients. ” In recent years, abortion opponents have cited concerns over fetal pain to pass   restrictions on abortions occurring at 20 weeks or later  —   or to pass laws requiring doctors to tell women that a fetus may feel pain at that stage of development. But many doctors reject those claims, saying a fetus’s brain and nervous system are not developed at 20 weeks to feel pain. They cite a   2005 study that found a fetus was unlikely to feel pain until the third trimester of a pregnancy, or about 27 weeks. The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said in 2013 that no subsequent research had contradicted that study. Curt Bramble, a Republican state senator in Utah who is also a certified public accountant, said he had sponsored the anesthesia law to extend “common decency” to a procedure he would rather outlaw altogether. He said an outright ban on abortions, or on those at 20 weeks, was unlikely to survive a legal challenge. Instead, he said he hoped Utah’s law would shift the focus of the abortion debate onto the fetus. “Who’s making the decisions for the child?” he said. “Who’s the doctor for the baby? It’s not the woman’s body we’re talking about. It’s a separate person. ” The law, which takes effect on May 10, contains exceptions for cases of rape and incest or if two doctors agree in writing that the fetus has a condition that is “uniformly lethal. ” It also exempts cases when a woman would die or have major, irreversible health problems without terminating the pregnancy. Mary Taylor, the president of   Utah, who testified in support of the law, said she appreciated its focus on the condition of the fetus and on surgical abortions that she called “barbaric and horrific. ” Dr. Torres and other critics argued that the law was unworkable and made no medical sense. They said it offered no definition of what, in Utah’s view, legally constitutes a fetal anesthetic. Many women already receive anesthesia or painkillers if they have surgical abortions, and those drugs naturally pass to the fetus. Dr. Torres asked if that would be enough  —   if Motrin would suffice. And other doctors asked if they would have to specifically inject a fetus with an anesthetic through a woman’s abdominal wall. “We don’t know what to do,” Dr. Torres said. “What does it mean? How do we not break this law?” The law says that doctors who perform abortions at this stage of pregnancy  —   a rarity, according to a 2012 tally by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  —   must provide “anesthetic or analgesic to alleviate organic pain to the unborn child. ” It also requires doctors to tell women that “substantial medical evidence” shows that a   fetus may feel pain during an abortion. Critics said scientific research did not prove that statement. A spokesman for Utah’s Health Department said it was leaving decisions about anesthetics and analgesics up to individual doctors. But the doctors are required to issue the warning about fetal pain as part of a long list of notifications women must be given before having an abortion. Doctors found guilty of violating the law could lose their licenses or face thousands of dollars in fines.  People on both sides of the debate said it was likely to affect only a handful of women. In 2014, there were 17 abortions in Utah at or beyond 20 weeks, according to Karrie Galloway, the chief executive of Utah’s Planned Parenthood chapter. Abortions that late in a pregnancy often occur after doctors discover severe or lethal problems with how a fetus is developing, or after a pregnancy begins to pose a health risk to the mother, said Dr. Alexandra Grosvenor Eller, a physician in Salt Lake City specializing in maternal fetal medicine and an assistant professor at the University of Utah. Dr. Eller was among 24 physicians who wrote to the Legislature objecting to the law, citing the scientific research suggesting that pain could not be felt until later in a pregnancy. The physicians who objected to the law said doctors often induced labor to terminate pregnancies after 20 weeks. They said they did not administer intravenous painkillers or anesthesia to mothers to anesthetize a fetus during normal deliveries, and asked why they should do so during an abortion, or during the delivery of a fetus with profound problems that was expected to die outside the womb. “This is an egregious attempt to tell us how to practice medicine,” Dr. Eller said. “I can’t think of any other area where the Legislature tells us what medications to give to patients. ” Like more than a dozen other states, Utah prohibits any state money for abortions and has placed strict limits on what kinds of clinics and facilities can provide abortions, as well as the types of abortions they can perform. In her practice, Dr. Eller said she was limited to terminating pregnancies in which there was a lethal or severe problem with a fetus’s development. The conversations with couples can be wrenching, she said. They sometimes come into the office hoping to find out whether they are having a boy or a girl, and discover there is an untreatable problem with how its heart or brain is developing. “We make this devastating diagnosis,” she said. “You walk into that room and you’re going to change someone’s life forever. For the Legislature to tell me how to counsel that woman  —   these conversations are hard enough. ”",0
4794,Russian Su-33's based on Admiral Kuznetsov wipe out Al-Nusra commanders in Idlib,"November 17, 2016 - Fort Russ News -  RIA Novosti - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


Russia’s defense ministry’s official spokesperson, Major General Igor Konashenkov, has reported that Su-33 fighters based on the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier cruiser have killed no less than 30 militants from the Jebhat al-Nusra grouping in the Syrian province of Idlib. As Konashenkov reported on Tuesday, militants have suffered serious losses as a result of “massive fire strikes” and a large bandit grouping of al-Nusra has been destroyed. 
According to General Konashenkov, the death of least 30 terrorists as been confirmed by multiple intelligence channels. Also confirmed among the dead were field commanders Muhammad Khelala, Abu Jaber Harmuja, and Abul Baha al-Asfari, who was planning an offensive on Aleppo. Al-Asfari was responsible for the unification of the remnants of Al-Nusra reserves in Aleppo and Hama.  
As stated earlier this week by Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu, Russia has begun a large strike operation inflicting fire damage on Islamic State and Jebhat Al-Nusra positions in the Syrian provinces of Idlib and Homs.  
The Admiral Kuznetsov heavy aircraft carrier cruiser, the only cruiser of its class in the Russian Navy, has been engaged in the operation. The cruiser is now in the Mediterranean Sea at the head of the Northern Fleet. 

Also participating in the operation is the Admiral Grigorovich frigate (a guard ship) which, according to defense ministry reports, has struck the positions of militants in Syria with Calibre cruise missiles.  

     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
4795,‘Chilled Out’ Company Has Mandatory Fancy Dress Friday,"0 Add Comment 
A LAID BACK and fun to work for Dublin business is forcing its employees to have fun with a mandatory Fancy Dress Friday in honour of Halloween. 
Maintaining a chilled out work atmosphere in an effortless manner, several employees with pending deadlines have been forced to wear costumes in a bid to pretend to have fun at up and coming tech company SplattTrap. 
“Yeah, I mean we’ll be down 25% in revenue if we don’t secure new customers by the end of next week and maybe face layoffs, but the boss said fuck that, if I didn’t bake a bunch of stupid fucking Halloween cupcakes that he could pose with on the company’s Facebook page I’d be in serious trouble,” explained junior sales executive Brenda Gowan. 
“We run a really, really chill office, which allows people to be as productive as possible without all that pressure you see in conventional companies,” SplattTrap CEO Eoin Deveney shared with WWN, “and it’s shame some people thought they could ignore the 22 emails which stated we absolutely had to dress up and have fun today, I wasn’t fucking around,” Deveney added. 
The CEO of the company not quite located in Dublin’s ‘Silicon Docks’ area had spent close to 42 hours fretting over his own costume, which only added to the hurt he felt when he noticed several casually dressed personnel desperately ringing clients, seeking new business in order to keep the lights on. 
“I couldn’t even tell you what we do here at SplattTrap, in terms of product and services, but what I do know about SplattTrap is that we had been saying since the start of August people had to spend loads of money on a costume and have fun, it was mandatory. I’ll be calling a meeting in a minute to tear strips off some people” Deveney confirmed. 
Employees at SplattTrap, who really needed to focus on their work, were told to up their charity donations to €50 each as part of Fancy Dress Friday as the current total ‘wasn’t worth boasting about on social media’.",0
4796,Carson Is New Sign Trump Plans to Govern From the Right - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump is moving to repudiate vast parts of President Obama’s domestic agenda as he fills his cabinet with conservatives who have long records opposing the current administration on social programs, wages, public lands, veterans and the environment. Mr. Trump’s selections to lead the Departments of Education, Commerce, Justice, and Health and Human Services, and the names under consideration for other federal agencies with broad authority over the lives of Americans, have cheered Republicans in Washington, who have spent eight years battling Mr. Obama’s administration. “It’s a recognition that elections have consequences,” said Thomas M. Davis, a former congressman from Virginia, who said he was impressed by the ideological philosophy of Mr. Trump’s domestic agency appointments. “Republican philosophy says markets can do a better job. It’s a huge clash with Obama. ” Early Monday morning, Mr. Trump announced that he intended to nominate Ben Carson, a retired neurosurgeon, to be the secretary of housing and urban development. In that post, Mr. Carson, who enthusiastically backed Mr. Trump’s candidacy after dropping his own, will oversee the federal agency that fights urban blight, provides rental assistance and helps homeowners battle foreclosures. If he is confirmed, Mr. Carson will embrace a starkly different approach to those problems, compared with housing secretaries during Mr. Obama’s tenure. He opposes government programs that he says encourage “dependency,” and he has been fiercely critical of housing programs intended to end segregation. “These   attempts to legislate racial equality create consequences that often make matters worse,” Mr. Carson wrote last year, describing the Obama administration’s efforts to promote fair housing practices as dangerous “  schemes. ” Mr. Carson joins a growing cast of nominees who, if confirmed, will assume control of hundreds of thousands of federal employees as they seek to shift policies developed during nearly a decade of Democratic governance. Aside from his focus on immigration and the Affordable Care Act, Mr. Trump spent little time on the campaign trail detailing a specific policy agenda. But many of his nominees have spent their careers advocating positions that will now become the focus of examination during their confirmation hearings. Taken together, they suggest an administration determined to alter course on immigration, abortion, housing laws, the environment, worker protections and privatization of federal functions. “We will learn a lot more during the hearings,” said Michael R. Strain, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. “Certainly, I think it’s different than what we’ve seen in the last eight years. ” Mr. Trump’s choices for prominent national security jobs  —   attorney general, defense secretary, national security adviser, C. I. A. director  —   have already begun to more firmly establish the contours of his approach to foreign policy, even as he struggles to settle on someone to be the nation’s top diplomat as secretary of state. On the domestic front, announcements of several cabinet posts are helping to define the new president’s approach to issues at home. His choices so far suggest a more conservative approach to many domestic issues than Mr. Trump himself articulated during the campaign. This week, Mr. Trump is expected to fill a series of positions that will accelerate the   from current policies. He is said to be seriously considering Mary Fallin, Oklahoma’s Republican governor, for interior secretary, which would presage a shift away from the department’s current approach toward energy and public lands. Mr. Obama has aggressively sought to shut down fossil fuel production and increase the use of renewable sources of energy, while Ms. Fallin is an outspoken proponent of drilling and fracking on public lands. She was the first governor to announce she would oppose Mr. Obama’s proposed rules on emissions from   power plants. Andrew F. Puzder, a wealthy California donor to Mr. Trump’s campaign whose company, CKE Restaurants, oversees chains such as Hardee’s, is said to be a leading candidate for labor secretary. Mr. Puzder has been extremely critical of the Obama administration’s labor policies, including its push for a higher minimum wage and for new overtime rules for workers. On his personal blog, Mr. Puzder has been vocal in his criticism of Mr. Obama and, more recently, laudatory of Mr. Trump. His latest post, titled “Overregulation has hurt the restaurant industry, jobs  the economy but Trump’s win will reverse that narrative,” argues that current policy has led to a “  restaurant recession. ” And former Senator Scott Brown, a Massachusetts Republican, may get the nod to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs. Mr. Brown, who met with the   last month about taking the job, might reverse the current administration’s opposition to privatizing parts of the department. “We’re going to have to outsource some of those cases to private vendors, obviously,” Mr. Brown told reporters at Trump Tower after his meeting. “We’ve got to work with the Department of Defense so when that     actually leaves the D. O. D. we know what his or her needs are. There’s a breakdown there. ” A spokesman for Mr. Trump’s transition said Monday that several cabinet announcements and White House staffing decisions were “likely” this week, following the  ’s recent picks to oversee the Education, Health and Human Services, Justice and Commerce Departments. Last month, Mr. Trump announced that he had chosen Betsy DeVos to lead the Education Department. Ms. DeVos, a longtime Republican   has spent nearly 30 years pushing for families to receive public funds to send their children to private and parochial schools, usually to the consternation of teacher unions. She is certain to challenge the approach that Mr. Obama and his administration have followed, often with the support of those same unions. After being chosen by Mr. Trump, she wrote on her Facebook page, “The status quo in ed is not acceptable. ” Mr. Trump’s choice to take over the Department of Health and Human Services, Representative Tom Price, Republican of Georgia, is a vocal critic of the Affordable Care Act and supported legislation to block federal funds for Planned Parenthood. His pick for commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, a billionaire investor, is likely to echo the  ’s views on trade. That would give him the ability to shift American policy away from the   approach that Mr. Obama embraced. And Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, Mr. Trump’s pick to be the next attorney general, has long been a fierce advocate of a crackdown on immigrants who are in the country illegally. He was one of the most vocal opponents of an immigration overhaul, calling it amnesty. And in speeches from the floor of the Senate, he railed against Mr. Obama’s executive actions aimed at protecting some immigrants from deportation. These choices have put Democrats and liberal activists on notice that the agenda in Washington is changing, Mr. Davis, the former congressman, said. “This is clearly not going to be pleasing to them,” he said. In a statement last week, Richard L. Trumka, the president of the A. F. L. . I. O. said as much, reflecting on Mr. Trump’s nominations with dismay and predicting, or perhaps hoping, that Americans would reject the direction of his government as too extreme. “Donald Trump the candidate claimed he would rein in the power of Wall Street traders, protect Social Security and Medicare, and ensure all kids have great schools,” Mr. Trumka said. “But his cabinet choices send a dangerous signal about how   Trump will conduct his presidency. ”",0
4797,Nikki Haley Calls United Nations Human Rights Council ‘So Corrupt’ - The New York Times,"UNITED NATIONS  —   The American envoy to the United Nations, Nikki R. Haley, described the United States on Wednesday as the “moral conscience” of the world, and she dismissed the United Nations Human Rights Council as “so corrupt” without offering evidence. Ms. Haley said the United States would never close its doors to foreigners who flee persecution, even as she defended the Trump administration’s travel ban, which closed the door to refugees from six   mainly Muslim nations. She insisted that American taxpayers should get value for the money they contribute to the United Nations. She said nothing about whether the United States would help head off a potential humanitarian disaster from famine that the United Nations has warned is looming over 20 million people abroad. Ms. Haley’s remarks, made at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York early Wednesday morning, were her first as ambassador to an audience of foreign policy experts. She called it “an intimidating crowd. ” She briefly channeled her boss, President Trump, by describing the United Nations as “basically a club” that needed to be disrupted. “The fact is, a wave is building throughout the world,” Ms. Haley said. “It’s a wave of populism that is challenging institutions like the United Nations, and shaking them to their foundations. ” Exactly how Ms. Haley proposes to disrupt the world body is not clear, beyond slashing American financial support, as Mr. Trump signaled with his budget outline. She declined to say how deep those cuts would turn out to be, saying she was in discussions with members of Congress who ultimately control the purse strings. “This is a time, in short, to show the people reasons to support the U. N.,” she said. Speaking to the council, Ms. Haley took a very different tone than she had with a different audience earlier in the week. On Monday night, at a policy conference held by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, the   lobbying group, Ms. Haley spoke of the utility of   shoes in diplomacy: “If I see something wrong, we’re going to kick them. ” The remark was met with huge applause. In her remarks on Wednesday, Ms. Haley, a former governor of South Carolina, relied on familiar colloquial expressions and offered few specifics about the many foreign policy challenges facing the administration. “We’re not afraid to call out the governments that don’t have our backs,” she said in her opening remarks, without naming names. “The beauty of this administration is, all bets are off,” she said in response to a question. “We’re not going to look at how things were done in the past. ” Ms. Haley mentioned, as she has before, that the administration would closely scrutinize United Nations peacekeeping efforts, and said that the United States should bear no more than 25 percent of the total costs, a reduction from the current 28 percent. She cited what she called a “ridiculously biased report attacking Israel,” and criticized the Security Council for holding monthly meetings about the   conflict. (The council also discusses Yemen every month and Syria three times a month.) Ms. Haley demurred when asked about proposals to expand the Security Council and about how to achieve peace in Syria, except to say that the country’s president, Bashar   was “a big hindrance. ” She was not asked about two important challenges for the United Nations system, climate change and famine. She used her address to deliver a pointed attack on the United Nations Human Rights Council, the main international body meant to promote and defend human rights. “I mean, the Human Rights Council is so corrupt,” she said, adding that it includes “bad actors” who use it to protect themselves. Several countries with poor human rights records, including China and Saudi Arabia, have indeed won seats on the council. But the United States has itself used its seat to forcefully defend its allies, including Saudi Arabia, which has been accused of abuses in the war in Yemen. Ms. Haley said she would attend the Human Rights Council’s June session, but declined to say whether she favored withdrawing from the body. The United States withdrew from its predecessor, the Commission on Human Rights. Ms. Haley argued that the Security Council  —   where the United States has a veto  —   should be the United Nations body addressing human rights issues. She said she would organize a session on the topic in April when the United States takes its turn in the council’s rotating presidency. The Security Council has taken up human rights in the past, and sought to refer the situation in Syria to the International Criminal Court, but Russia and China blocked the move with their vetoes. Perhaps the most uncomfortable moment of Ms. Haley’s speech on Wednesday came when she tried to defend Mr. Trump’s travel ban. She insisted that it was not meant to exclude Muslims, but to strengthen vetting procedures for asylum seekers. At one point, she cited this month’s London terrorist attack as a justification for the travel ban. The audience murmured audibly the London assailant was a   Briton.",0
4798,Out of Sorts Around the Holidays? It Could Be Family Jet Lag - The New York Times,"The holidays mean large extended family gatherings, hours of cooking and a group of people who don’t typically interact in person, all confined to one location and trying to act festive. It’s the reality show version of your family. When you return from your holiday visit, you may be exhausted for days afterward, finding it hard to focus and return to your regular routine. It feels as if you took the   from Phoenix, but in reality it was a quick   flight from Cleveland. This is family jet lag. As with traditional jet lag, the problem is the result of a disruption of your normal routine. Family jet lag works both ways, affecting both travelers and those who receive    relatives. It’s not that you don’t want to see your family, but the fact that you see them in person only once or twice a year means that you have a limited opportunity to discuss difficult issues best dealt with   . It’s more than just the tryptophan, two kinds of potatoes and three kinds of pie that wear you out during family celebrations. According to Dr. Adam Fried, a clinical psychologist in Scottsdale, Ariz. the connection between emotional stress and physical exhaustion is not in your head. “Many times we may not even realize the level of our anxiety  —   or the resulting consequences, like extreme fatigue  —   until well after the event has passed,” he explained. Only adding tension is the fact that for people who have to travel to spend time with their family, this typically means using precious, limited vacation days. Again, it’s not that we don’t want to use our time off to see our family, but given the fact that the trip can be tiring, doing so in lieu of a vacation hits hard. Dr. Fried said many clients describe their family jet lag and holiday stress as “an overwhelming,     sense of dread and avoidance,” and the first step is to identify what, specifically, about the holidays is stressful. “For some, it’s the pressure  —   whether consciously or not  —   felt by many to create what they believe to be the ‘perfect’ holiday experience,” he explained. Some believe that they have to make every aspect of their family celebrations conform to their preconceived notion of what the “perfect” holiday experience entails, Dr. Fried said. And the divisive presidential election didn’t help, adding an extra sprinkle of tension to families that include both Trump and Clinton voters. So how is it possible to not only survive the holidays this year with your family, but enjoy them? Dr. Fried emphasized that different strategies like daily mindfulness and meditation techniques may provide relief for some, while for others,   strategies, exercise or pharmacological interventions may be most effective. Specifically, he suggested thoughtful planning well before the family gathering, including establishing rules  —   that you may or may not communicate to your family  —   of how you will handle potentially   interactions. It may also help to inform your family that certain topics are absolutely “ ” for discussion throughout the trip (see: picks for the incoming cabinet positions, your lack of a spouse and children, whether or not there should be sour cream in mashed potatoes). Of course, all the thoughtful planning in the world will not always cut it. “Often it’s easiest just to fall into the same patterns of interacting with family, even if these are emotionally destructive,” Dr. Fried said. “Indeed, the hardest part can be establishing  —   and sticking to  —   new responses and behaviors. ” And like traditional jet lag, family jet lag can also have a big impact on your sleep, said Dr. Dion Metzger, a psychiatrist and sleep expert based in Atlanta. “During holiday travel, it is so easy to start sacrificing hours of sleep to get that   packing in, rise before the sun for that 6 a. m. flight or even just to have a late night catching up with loved ones,” Dr. Metzger explained. “Those lost hours of sleep will have our bodies (and minds) running on fumes before dinnertime. ” Disrupted sleep patterns also make us prone to reduce normal activity levels and gain weight, according to Dr. Richard Rose, chief executive of Sommetrics, a company focused on sleep quality. “Our sense of   is diminished,” he said. The decreased sleep time and quality results in irritability, problems concentrating, anxiety and even sad feelings for some, Dr. Metzger noted. “Holidays are already hectic and can be particularly emotional for some  —   especially those dealing with loss. ” Despite the festive chaos, there are steps you can take to improve your sleep  —   and ideally, your overall experience  —   while you’re traveling to visit family. The first is not to be afraid to ask for help. “You have made it to your family’s house for the holiday and they’re so excited to see your kids. Now use that support, hand those kids over and get some more rest,” Dr. Metzger suggested. Dr. Fried suggested establishing firm departure dates and not being afraid to stay in a hotel if it provides the respite you need. Dr. Metzger’s final tip is probably the hardest: Learning to say no. “Only say yes to things that fit into your schedule with the rest you need,” she said. “You can’t do everything. ”",0
4799,Zika Virus Case in Utah Baffles Health Officials - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   In another puzzling twist to the Zika epidemic, the Utah Department of Health on Monday reported the diagnosis of a new case of the virus that did not appear to have been contracted through either of the known sources of transmission: a mosquito bite or sexual contact. The patient, who has fully recovered, was a “family contact” who helped care for an older man who had become infected with the virus after traveling abroad. That man, from  Salt Lake County, died in June. He also had other ailments, and it was unclear whether the virus had contributed to his death. The Zika virus has caused more than 1, 500 cases of birth defects, mostly in Brazil, where the epidemic began last year. In the United States and its territories, several hundred pregnant women have been infected with the Zika virus, with the largest concentration in Puerto Rico many had traveled to countries where the virus is circulating. Zika is known to be transmitted by the Aedes aegypti mosquito and through sex, but neither seemed to be a plausible explanation for what happened in Utah. The infected caregiver, who tended to the ailing man at home and in the hospital, had not traveled to a country where Zika is circulating and had not had sex with him, officials said. Local health workers had been trapping mosquitoes since last year, but had found no Aedes aegypti. Joseph Conlon, a technical adviser to the American Mosquito Control Association, said neither Aedes aegypti nor a cousin, Aedes albopictus, is found in Salt Lake County. “We have found no evidence that mosquitoes here in Utah are transmitting the Zika virus,” said Dr. Angela Dunn, the deputy state epidemiologist at the Utah Department of Health on a call with reporters. She said that for that reason the case was not a danger to the broader public. Zika has surprised scientists with its ability to be transmitted by sex  —   both from men to women and, in a recent discovery in New York City, from women to men. But it is not known to be transmitted in any other way  —   without the help of a mosquito  —   so the Utah case is remarkable. Disease sleuths are sifting through clues. The Utah man who died had a very high level of virus in his body, which may have increased the risk that his bodily fluids could infect others. But while the virus has been detected in blood, semen, vaginal fluid, saliva and urine, it had not been known to infect others through nonsexual contact. “We don’t have any evidence that suggests Zika can be passed from one person to another by sneezing or coughing or kissing or sharing utensils,” said Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which has a team investigating the case. Dr. Frieden said other people who had come into contact with the Utah man were being tested. The results will take a few weeks. The continental United States has become a useful laboratory for unusual transmission of Zika. There has yet to be a local spread through mosquitoes, making sexual and other transmission easier to trace. There are more than 1, 300 case of the Zika in the continental United States  —   all acquired through travel abroad. “This raises some interesting questions,” said Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious disease specialist in Tennessee. “Was there a needle stick or injury? Or if not, possible contact with other bodily fluid like urine or saliva?”",0
4800,VIDEO: Police Shootout Kills Murder Suspect in Chicago ’War Zone’ - Breitbart,"During a recent ABC News interview, President Donald Trump described Chicago as a “war zone” and warned that Mayor Rahm Emanuel (D) and city officials must stop the “carnage” or get out of the way so the feds can do it. [Democrats like Representative Luis Gutierrez (  ) mocked Trump’s assessment, but a video published by the Independent Police Review Authority shows that the moniker “war zone” is àpropos.  The video is a compilation of dash and body cam videos that were made while officers pursued and ultimately “shot and killed    Richard Grimes, who was suspected of shooting a pregnant    woman in the abdomen in the 4600 block of West Adams. ” The caption from the video sets the scene: The incident started about 11:30 p. m. on Nov. 27, [2016] as officers responded to a call of the domestic battery. After the initial shooting, Grimes left the scene but ran into officers in the first block of North Kenton, where he fired a handgun at the officers before running away, police said at the time. The officers chased Grimes and a perimeter of the area was established. Dashboard camera video appears to show Grimes shooting at one officer as he exited his police car. The officer immediately dropped to the ground as others arrived and looked to be checking to see if he was shot. Grimes was spotted again in a gangway in the 4500 block of West Washington, where he again shot at the officers, authorities said. The officers returned fire, striking him. Dozens of gunshots can be heard in the videos, with police dispatchers warning officers to “Watch the crossfire. ” A short time later, an officer yells “He’s down! He’s down! He’s down!” WARNING —    SITUATIONS,  President Trump’s ABC News interview aired on January 25, and the Wall Street Journal quoted Trump comparing Chicago to a “war zone. ” In fact, the president suggested Chicago is worse that some of the areas where our troops are currently deployed, saying, “Afghanistan is not like what’s happening in Chicago. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
4801,The Election Of Donald Trump: A Candidate Who United Every American Intolerance - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Nation Throws Off Tyrannical Yoke Of Moderate Respect For Women WASHINGTON—Political experts are hailing Donald Trump’s historic presidential victory early Wednesday as a resounding declaration that the nation is finally ready to cast off the tyrannical yoke of moderate respect for women that has suffocated the citizens of this country for generations. Nation’s Optimists Need To Shut The Fuck Up Right Now WASHINGTON—Saying their rosy attitude about the state of the election was not helping anything given what is currently transpiring, sources confirmed Tuesday night that the nation’s optimists need to seriously shut the fuck up as soon as humanly fucking possible. Quantum Political Scientists Hypothesize Country Headed In Both Right And Wrong Directions Simultaneously PASADENA, CA—Upending the conventionally held assumption that the United States must exclusively be moving along a single good or bad path forward, quantum political scientists at the California Institute of Technology published a paper Thursday hypothesizing that the country is, in fact, headed in both the right and wrong directions simultaneously. FBI Uncovers Al-Qaeda Plot To Just Sit Back And Enjoy Collapse Of United States WASHINGTON—Putting the nation on alert against what it has described as a “highly credible terrorist threat,” the FBI announced today that it has uncovered a plot by members of al-Qaeda to sit back and enjoy themselves while the United S... ",0
4802,Earthquake Strikes Japan and Tsunami Alert Issued · Guardian Liberty Voice,"A strong earthquake struck Japan on Nov. 21, 2016, at about 20:59 UTC, also causing the issuance of a tsunami alert. The United States Geological Survey has reported that a magnitude 6.9 quake, originally reported as a level 7.3 tremor, struck near Honshu. This is on the country’s east coast. The seismic activity was geographically located at 37.392 north latitude and 141.404 east longitude.
This quake was near Fukushima region and arose from about six miles deep in the earth. The closest area was the city of Namie, about 150 miles northeast of Tokyo.
The location of the strong earthquake that rocked Japan caused a tsunami alert to be issued. Namie lies almost directly on the Pacific coast. Initial reports about the strong earthquake that rocked Japan and caused the tsunami alert have not been accompanied by reports of casualties, although reports may be scarce. At the time of publication, no further information was available.
Earthquakes are generalized as minor to great. Any tremor of a magnitude between 6.0 and 6.9 is considered strong and capable of doing much damage in populated areas. Despite the quake severity, scientific estimates reveal about 100 of these occurring each year throughout the world.
The movement of the earth can create a tsunami or tidal wave. The National Weather Service Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii issued the alert. Estimates are that waves could reach up to one meter above tide level. Uncertainties exist in providing a more accurate forecast because of local weather situations and oceanic conditions that cannot be adequately accounted for, such as reefs and atolls.
Written by Bob Reinhard
Edited by Cathy Milne
Sources:
United States Geological Survey: M6.9 – Near the East Coast of Honshu, Japan (Updated)
Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, Ewa Beach HI: Tsunami Threat Message
Michigan Tech University: Earthquake Magnitude Scale/Classes
Photo Courtesy of Bryan Jones’ Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    earthquake , fukushima , Japan , tsunami",0
4803,American Woman In Bikini Desecrates French Catacombs For Her “Female Indiana Jones” Brand,"  American Woman In Bikini Desecrates French Catacombs For Her “Female Indiana Jones” Brand American Woman In Bikini Desecrates French Catacombs For Her “Female Indiana Jones” Brand 
André is a young European who left his decaying country in 2012 for greener pastures. He enjoys exploring subterranean places, reading about a host of interconnected topics, and yearns for Tradition. November 5, 2016 Girls 
The Paris catacombs are a place dear to my heart. Born in this very city, I had a front row seat to see it turn into a giant museum. Every wealthy asshole wanting his own piece of the “city of lights,” and Paris being one of the most visited cities in the world , I could see year after year the streets taken over by luxury clothing shops and expensive venues. The middle and lower classes have been pushed aside by rising living costs so that the rich globalists, the bobos and a never-ending trail of tourists could stroll around. 
Yet, go twenty meters below the Haussmanian hurdle, and you will find something very different. 
South of the Seine, the lands have been deeply dug to extract building stones. Most of the voids have been filled since, but more than a hundred kilometres of mine galleries are still there. Exploring the place is officially forbidden. Which is a good thing, as one can go there officiously, provided one knows how to enter and not get lost in the labyrinth, without bothering with swarms of tourists or wasting money in an overpriced bar. 
Officially prohibited, actually more or less self-managed by a loose community of cataphiles , the Catacombs are one of the most interesting places today in Paris. It allows for genuine explorations and friendly meetings while also teaching some masculine virtues to those who venture there seriously. 
The underground network being fragile and the officials not enjoying when too many visitors tread on their jurisdiction, the cataphiles have a complex relationship with exposing it. On the one hand, we like to show the place and share its atmosphere with passionate newcomers; on the other, we are afraid that too much exposition will attract too many visitors and stifle the officials’ relative toleration for unofficial activities. 
Well, today, other cataphiles won’t chastise me for mentioning the topic in public, for this has been already made recently by an attention whore of international scope. Alison Teal, a Hawaiian 28 or 29 years old girl, made a show of herself down there and sent ludicrous photos to the Daily Mail . “So, I’m here to teach you about protecting the planet, y’know” “I love bringing surfboards in places without waves. By the way, I’m the feminine Indiana Jones, especially with the help of a crew I’ll never give credit to. Follow me on Instagram and YT!” 
Here we are not talking about attention whoring lightly. The Daily Mail photos already tell much: a blond girl in a pink bikini carries a pink surfboard in a narrow underground network where there is, by definition, no waves to surf at all, to take some photos of herself, herself, herself, and a bit of the catacombs, as they could be used as the setting of the latest of Alison’s Adventures™. I’m not joking. These “adventures” are literally Hitler a trademark. 
Since she was at least 18, Teal seems to have taken advantage from the nomadic lifestyle of her parents to make photos, movies, and promote herself heavily along the way. With the help of her dad, a well-connected photographer and self-promoter who claims to master yoga, she got a bunch of awards and media promotion. Long-haired Alison was thus handed a niche that allows her to travel the world, take pictures of herself in various places, and claim to be concerned about the environment. 
Her résumé shows a massive ego associated to minor lies. “The world was my school and playground”—I guess smaller places would be too small for her giant ego, and this may explain why she suffered from claustrophobia under Paris, as we are to see below. Between name-droppings, references to media awards and other big pictures of Alison, Teal, and Alison Teal, we learn she was styled “the ‘Female Indiana Jones’ by Time Magazine (2015) and the ‘Oprah of Adventure’ by The Huffington Post (2016).” Really? 
Actually, Teal said to the HuffPo she aspired to be “the Oprah of adventure” in 2014 before branding herself as “the female Indiana Jones” to the Time a year later (2015, not 2016). Then she said on Twitter and on her résumé how they had referred to her as such. Not a big lie, but a lie indeed. By the way, she also branded herself a “Tarzan child” in the HuffPo interview. Would someone who really “grew up in the wild” be so obsessed with linking herself to famous icons? Excerpt from the HuffPo article, 05/20/2014. The same articles adds she is a “self-described ‘Tarzan child.'” Excerpt from the Time article, 11/08/2015. Named by Time Magazine… or self-styled? And now on her résumé. Not only does she lie by misattributing to famous media outlets self-characterizing and lavishly flattering labels, but she can’t even put the right years while referring to said media pieces. 
So, self-styled “female Indiana Jones,” no less, went through what seems to be a joint undertaking with the Daily Mail by descending into the Paris catacombs with the symbols of her Adventures™, namely a pink bikini and a surfboard. The English tabloid released the photos, video, and testimony of Indiana-Jones-In-A-Bikini-Surfing-The-Catacombs the 30 th of October. Days after, a bunch of French outlets copied the Mail content, often translating it verbatim . 
What struck me first are the stunning inaccuracies the tabloid published. First, the Mail claims Teal went 150 meters below the ground, whereas the actual depth of the Catacombs goes between 10 and 30 meters depending on where you are in the network. Can’t Indiana Jane tell the difference between 30 and 150 meters? 
Second, she also claimed to have lacked oxygen and witnessed the water level suddenly rising. This is at best extremely unlikely. The water levels can change from month to month and even from week to week, but to my knowledge it never changes abruptly in seconds. As for the oxygen issue, I have witnessed some only two times: at a big party, when so many people were in the same room that there was not enough oxygen to light a cigarette, and from claustrophobic newcomers who could not stand the place. 
Either she completely made up the sudden water change and oxygen issues in order to give her story a sensational aspect, or, more likely, got a panic attack due to claustrophobia, but preferred to twist it into a grandiose plot rather than acknowledging her own limitations. The Mail just ate that up and published without question. They did not ask any actual cataphile for sure. Had they done so, anyone with a decent experience of the catacombes could have told them what I just wrote above. 
I also noticed from her quotes that she does not mention anyone from her crew, gives no credit to the men who opened the manhole cover, helped her go down the humid ladder, showed her the way, filmed her… She would never have found the entrance if no one already in the know had accepted to be her guide. Neither could she lift manhole covers of more than a hundred kilograms with her thin arms—even the round butt she likes to display couldn’t do that. The first photo displayed by the Mail. Notice how she strategically displays (some of) her butt. 
I could bet she did not have sex with any of the guys who enabled her display to happen. As Julius Evola hinted, she is likely the kind of woman to whom “the possibilities of physical love are often not as interesting as the narcissistic cult of her body, or as being seen with as many or as few clothes as possible” (Evola, Revolt Against the Modern World , chap.20). 
In this respect, the only thing that makes Teal “special” compared to all other look-at-me twats is the adventurous label she tries to put on herself. Exploiting people and places to garner attention is definitely not special. Yet, a lot of comments have noticed this behind the weird mix of glamour and pseudo-adventure: some are offended that she treaded on bones, i.e. remnants of real past men, in a pink bikini. Doing so is not only a proof of bad taste and self-aggrandizing mania—it is also utterly disrespectful. 
This is indeed a blatant example of pussy pass . Imagine going to Hawaii, bringing a skateboard at a local cemetery and start skateboarding over the graves in a pink throng. What do you expect would happen? You would probably get beaten by locals, and if the media gave you attention at all, they would label you as a disturbed troll or something like that. All this, I think, would be fair. But when a self-important Oprah Jane of super-adventure does the same, the mainstream media reacts completely differently and celebrates her without the least hint of criticism. 
Though she treading and surfing on bones of actual past people is not very respectful for sure, I think especially appalling the outlook Teal seems to carry on the place. The Catacombs are just another background for Alison Adventures™. Whole places, some loaded with historical and spiritual significance, are reduced to a set for the egotic show of another vapid character. The entire world was her school, or so she said, meaning that the world is turned into a mixture of Disneyland and Hollywood studio where her picture can stroll around. Some weeks ago, Alison Teal was busy showing herself near an erupting volcano. Notice another strategic part-display of her butt. 
Usual newcomers to the Catacombs come there with a genuine interest in the place. They come to find out, sometimes drink, and have an actual adventure. They cannot help but feel some humility, perhaps even awe, when meeting with the bones of millions of nameless dead, most if not all of them having lived before the nineteenth century, and having been carried there so that Paris could grow. 
This is very different from using the place to play adventure, treading on bones in a rather inappropriate outfit, depending on a crew of real cataphiles but forgetting to give them the slightest credit, and showing utter carelessness to the historical and spiritual significance of the place, all so that Alison’s Ego Adventures™ Show continues. 
As you can see above, a lot of the comments are negative—especially those from cataphiles —and Teal has discreetly withdrawn the video of her trail from YouTube, putting it into private mode. 
Teal’s circus has at least one merit: it symbolizes pretty well one of the worst aspects of the Westernization of the world. In the West, there is no wilderness, no sacredness, no magic. There are tons of potential places for tourism, but ultimately, all these places are losing their soul and turning into Disneylands. The Catacombs are worth it because they are definitely not so, and should never be. 
Fortunately, there can be some immanent justice. The wave of criticism under Teal’s disrespectful show is well deserved. More harshly, a young libtard who thought she could hitchhike through Middle East to prove Muslims peaceful got raped and killed by the “peaceful” ones she theatrically claimed to care about. The event shew, or should have shown, that the world is not a giant kindergarten for Western “strong and independent” narcissists. 
In a world of self-marketing and self-centred cunts, everyone is too busy caring about one’s image and about meaningless representations to truly care about a place or about family members. 
Truly respectable women are not the ones we spot the most easily, and true cataphiles are often discreet as well. Your humble servant bathed there before Teal pretended to “surf” the place, but I would definitely not exhibit myself treading on bones in a pink thong",0
4804,"Trump Tweets: Democrats Help MS-13, Heroin Smugglers by Opposing Border Wall - Breitbart","Drug smugglers are being helped by the Democratic leaders in Congress who are trying to block funding for a border wall, says President Donald Trump. [He is using Twitter to hit the Democrats as enablers for the criminal gangs that are smuggling deadly drugs into American cities and towns around the nation, and which are sending murderous   gang members into Americans’ neighborhoods.    …    . the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be! #BuildTheWall,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 24, 2017,  The Democrats don’t want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017,  Voters want safer communities as they see crime rates rising. The Opinion Research Corporation found that 58 percent of voters think politicians aren’t doing enough to keep drug traffickers off the streets, but only 30 percent thought we lock up drug traffickers for too long, a    margin. Remarkably, female respondents expressed much more support for stronger enforcement than men, with 62 percent of women (mothers, daughters, wives) saying not enough is done to keep traffickers far from their families  —   indicating a law and order agenda is an issue that can win over significant numbers of women voters. Middle and   Americans’ crime worries have dramatically increased since Obama launched his “  ” cops campaign: 68 percent of nonwhite respondents in a Gallup poll said they worried “a great deal” about crime, along with 53 percent of political independents. Cutting sentences for federal inmates is a bipartisan priority only in the Beltway  —   back in middle America, cracking down on crime unites diverse constituencies. Other polls also show a growing public concern about drugs and crime. In response, Democrats are saying Trump should get the Mexican government to pay for the wall  . Trump counters by saying Mexico will pay for the wall, but he will not delay construction of the wall until Mexico starts paying. Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017,  The Mexican government and many prominent Mexican leaders say they won’t pay for the wall, but the U. S. government has many means to extracting indirect payments, such as taxing  ’ money sent via banking systems to relatives in Mexico. Another form of indirect payment is a reduction of Mexican aliens living in the United States, whose departure would reduce U. S. payments to families in Mexico and would also increase wages for Americans. Democrats leaders are determined to stop the wall because it would symbolically and literally interdict the flow of cheap workers,   consumers, and apartment renters in the   upmarket cities on the coastlines. GOP leaders are not fighting for Trump’s wall, partly because their donors and local supports also want the   inflow. Democratic leaders are playing the role of victim in press conferences, and argue that Trump’s successful campaign promise to build a wall is actually a political “stunt” and a reckless “poison pill” which threatens to shut down government amid bipartisan budget negotiations. “The Democrats in the House and the Senate are ready to work and cooperate with the White House to keep the government open,” Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin said Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union. He continued: But we told the president weeks ago, don’t try any political stunts, don’t put any poison pills into this process. Let’s just do the responsible important work of funding this government. We know what this wall is all about. This was a promise made by the president during his campaign. Don’t you remember he said the Mexicans were going to pay for it? Now we know it’s going to cost $20 to $70 billion for this wall. We have Democrats and Republicans all along the border opposing this deal. It’s a political stunt, an obsession for the president that should not shut down our government. In backroom negotiations, Trump’s budget director is offering the Democrats $1 in Obamacare funding for every $1 that Democrats agree to spend on the wall. “We’ve finally boiled this negotiation down to something that we want very badly, that the Democrats really don’t like, and that’s the Border wall,” Mick Mulvaney told Bloomberg on Friday. He continued: At the same time, there’s something they want very badly that we don’t like very much, which are these   reductions of the Obamacare payments. Ordinarily, in a properly functioning Washington, DC, as in any business, this would be the basis upon which a negotiated resolution could be achieved. The question is, how much of our stuff do we have to get, how much of their stuff are they willing to take? And that’s the way it should work. That is the way that we hope that it works. We’d offer them one dollar of CSR payments for one dollar of wall payments. Right now, that’s the offer that we’ve given to our Democrat colleagues.   …     If the Democrats come back to us and say, ‘Look, we can’t do that, we can do this,’ that’s a really, really good sign, not only in the   but in the  . If they simply walk away, and choose to not participate in the discussions, that’s a bad sign, not only in the   but for the next several years. ” Each year, 4 million Americans turn 18 and enter the workforce, where they face job competition from roughly 1 million new temporary contract workers and 1 million legal immigrants, plus indirect competition from roughly 30 million unemployed   Americans who are sitting on the sidelines while immigrants drive down wages. But business groups want the government to keep importing additional people, who serve as cheap workers,   consumers, and apartment renters.  ",0
4805,Truthdigger of the Week: Standing Rock Sioux Chairman David Archambault II,"Truthdigger of the Week: Standing Rock Sioux Chairman David Archambault II Posted on Oct 29, 2016 Dave Archambault, outside the Washington, D.C., courthouse where appeals court judges heard his tribe’s challenge to the Dakota Access pipeline. (Jessica Gresko / AP) 
Demonstrations against the construction of a $3.8 billion oil pipeline in North Dakota began to receive much-needed mainstream media coverage this week when law enforcement and protesters faced off in a tense confrontation that ended in at least 140 arrests. While many people only recently may have learned of the fight against the Dakota Access pipeline (DAPL), Standing Rock Sioux tribe Chairman David Archambault II has worked for two years to prevent its construction. 
Some background: The proposed pipeline would cut across the Missouri River just upstream of land belonging to the Standing Rock Sioux. It could threaten the tribe’s only water source if a leak were to occur (and as many environmental activists note , leaks always occur.) Over the past several months, the tribe has begun to receive support from other “water protectors,” and peaceful demonstrations—such as prayer circles—have become a regular aspect of life on the Standing Rock reservation. 
Archambault attended Standing Rock High School and earned a bachelor’s degree in business administration from North Dakota State University and a master’s in management from the University of Mary in Bismarck, N.D. As chairman of the tribe, he has been at the forefront of opposition to the DAPL. In an August op-ed for The New York Times, Archambault wrote: 
Our tribe has opposed the Dakota Access pipeline since we first learned about it in 2014. Although federal law requires the Corps of Engineers to consult with the tribe about its sovereign interests, permits for the project were approved and construction began without meaningful consultation. … 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
The Dakota Access route is only a few miles shorter than what was proposed for the Keystone project, yet the government’s environmental assessment addressed only the portion of the pipeline route that traverses federal land. Domestic projects of this magnitude should clearly be evaluated in their totality—but without closer scrutiny, the proposal breezed through the four state processes. 
Archambault represents his community and its fight to protect the water, eloquently expressing the racial, economic and political factors moving the construction of the DAPL forward. “Perhaps only in North Dakota, where oil tycoons wine and dine elected officials, and where the governor, Jack Dalrymple, serves as an adviser to the Trump campaign, would state and county governments act as the armed enforcement for corporate interests,” he writes in his op-ed. “It’s a familiar story in Indian Country. This is the third time that the Sioux Nation’s lands and resources have been taken without regard for tribal interests.” 
In recent months, demonstrations against the DAPL have increased in size, and the police response has grown more intense. Law enforcement and DAPL officials have set dogs on protesters , used pepper spray , sound cannons and rubber bullets . As the situation intensifies, Archambault continues to speak powerfully on the injustices. 
Earlier in October, for example, he explained the status of the ongoing legal challenges to the pipeline and urged President Obama to get involved. 
</p><p> 
“Any time infrastructure projects like this come near, we are invisible,” he told Amy Goodman on Democracy Now! “We have lands, treaty lands, that are being encroached on. And we know that there are sacred places there, and we know that the pipeline needs to stay away from those sacred places, but they keep—they continue to come and desecrate those sacred places.” 
Other protests against the government have ended in violence—take, for example, the armed standoff between Ammon Bundy and law enforcement in Oregon earlier this year. But the Standing Rock Sioux tribe remains committed to peace, even as police continue to escalate the confrontation. As tribal chairman, Archambault reinforces this commitment to peaceful and spiritual protest. 
“[W]e’re asking everybody to remain prayerful and peaceful and not to react to any form of aggression that law enforcement brings,” he said in an interview on National Public Radio . “We don’t want to see the construction workers get hurt, we don’t want to see law enforcement get hurt, and we definitely don’t want to see people who are standing up to protect water to get hurt.”",0
4807,Donald J. Trump’s 10 Point Plan to Put America First: A Response,"Tweet Widget by Tanya Golash-Boza 
How will Donald Trump’s rhetoric on removing what he calls “illegal aliens” be put into actual policy? One thing is certain: It will take a lot more than even a tripling of the current ICE force of 5,000 to surpass President Obama’s record-breaking deportations. “ICE would still rely on local law enforcement to do the bulk of arrests.” Congress would also have to revise existing immigration laws. Donald J. Trump’s 10 Point Plan to Put America First: A Response by Tanya Golash-Boza 
""It will be difficult for a Trump administration to exceed the 2011 levels and it will take time to rebuild this deportation machine."" 
With the election of Donald J. Trump to the Presidency of the United States, many undocumented immigrants and their family members are concerned about their future in this country. How much worse will the United States get with a Trump Presidency? Although politicians do not always live up to their campaign promises, it is worth taking a look at Trump’s proposals to see how likely and/or feasible they are. 
1. “Begin working on an impenetrable physical wall on the southern border, on day one. Mexico will pay for the wall. ” 
There is already a 700-mile wall along the border. Much of the remaining area where there is not a wall is impassable. Building more walls or fencing along the border will require Congressional appropriations. Congress may balk at the extraordinary cost, especially given the fact that border crossings are at a historic low . Whatever money ends up being spent will be a colossal waste of funds. 
2. “End catch-and-release. Under a Trump administration, anyone who illegally crosses the border will be detained until they are removed out of our country.” 
Detention centers are currently at full capacity, both at the border and in the interior. Detaining more immigrants would require building more facilities or finding places to detain people. This is possible, but will be costly. Stock in the two major private prison companies (CCA and GEO group) shot up with the announcement of Trump’s win. These companies likely are willing to sell additional detention capacity to the Department of Homeland Security, but there are limits to how much capacity they can provide immediately. It is also possible for the Trump administration to use tent camps in the borderlands deserts to enhance capacity. If it were up to Trump alone, this is not inconceivable. It is incumbent upon us to ensure that the United States does not go back down that shameful route. 
3. “Move criminal aliens out day one, in joint operations with local, state, and federal law enforcement. We will terminate the Obama administration’s deadly, non-enforcement policies that allow thousands of criminal aliens to freely roam our streets.” 
The Obama administration will have deported three million people by the time he leaves office, far more than any previous administration. Here, Trump is referring to the deportation of people with criminal convictions who live in the United States. These are called interior removals, and these reached a historic high in 2011, largely due to cooperation between local police and immigration law enforcement agencies. Returning to these high levels of interior removals would require cooperation with local law enforcement, who may not be on board. It will be difficult for a Trump administration to exceed the 2011 levels and it will take time to rebuild this deportation machine. 
4. “End sanctuary cities.” 
Trump could threaten to take away federal funding from sanctuary cities, which would likely lead to massive protest. 
5. “Immediately terminate President Obama’s two illegal executive amnesties. All immigration laws will be enforced - we will triple the number of ICE agents. Anyone who enters the U.S. illegally is subject to deportation. That is what it means to have laws and to have a country.” 
Trump can (and likely will) end the Deferred Action to Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which has provided employment permits and relief from deportation for undocumented youth. The most likely scenario is that the Trump administration will not renew these permits and they will gradually expire. 
There are currently about 5,000 ICE agents in the United States. Trump could triple that number to 15,000. That still would not be enough agents for ICE to engage in very many direct arrests, which require a lot of manpower. ICE would still rely on local law enforcement to do the bulk of arrests. 
6. “Suspend the issuance of visas to any place where adequate screening cannot occur, until proven and effective vetting mechanisms can be put into place.” 
This is likely a plan to try and exclude people from certain national origins from entering the United States as all places where visas are issued have extensive screening. Trump likely could do this relatively easily. 
7. “Ensure that other countries take their people back when we order them deported.” 
The countries he may be referring to here are Cuba, China, Vietnam, and Cambodia. These account for a relatively small number of deportees. 
8. “Ensure that a biometric entry-exit visa tracking system is fully implemented at all land, air, and sea ports.” 
A biometric entry system is largely in place. A biometric exit system would be much more complicated and costly to implement. It’s not impossible, but would require a lot of Congressional appropriations. 
9. “Turn off the jobs and benefits magnet. Many immigrants come to the U.S. illegally in search of jobs, even though federal law prohibits the employment of illegal immigrants.” 
Trump could expand e-verify , which is already in effect at many places of employment. DACA recipients who are employed may lose their jobs. This strategy would push undocumented immigrants to work under the table or to commit identity fraud. It would not make them leave. 
10. “Reform legal immigration to serve the best interests of America and its workers, keeping immigration levels within historic norms.” 
It is up to Congress to pass laws regarding immigration flows. A Republican-controlled Congress could re-haul immigration policy to reduce the number of visas that we issue annually, or change the nature of those visas from family-based to skills-based visas. Immigration reform has been stalled in Congress for the entirety of the Obama administration. 
It is very unlikely that Trump will live up to his promise to deport all 11 million undocumented migrants. President Obama deported about three million people during his administration and it will be challenging for Trump to exceed those numbers. If Trump does exceed those numbers, he will do so by building on the massive deportation machine that President Obama has built. This effort will require a massive expansion in the number of ICE agents, the number of detention beds, and the number of immigration judges – an extremely costly endeavor. Tanya Golash-Boza is a Professor of Sociology at the University of California, Merced. Her most recent book is Deported: Immigrant Policing, Disposable Labor and Global Capitalism (New York University Press, 2015)",0
4808,Judge Rules that Gender Identity Laws Will not Apply to Churches for Now…,"Email 
There are times that we need to gain clarity before there is a problem. We see something that might make for a situation later, and we decide to deal with it now. This is both wise and prudent. It can also allow us to work with confidence, knowing that we have avoided possible conflict in the future. 
This seems to be the case in a recent lawsuit. As I reported, the Human Rights Commission of Iowa had worded the exemption of its new regulation on gender restroom availability very vaguely. 
This led to an inquiry by several organizations and churches. These inquiries were met with vague and almost hostile responses from the Commission. Out of fear of persecution, one church had filed suit to place an injunction on the law. 
This case has now been dropped. 
Christian News reports : 
A legal challenge that had been filed against the Iowa Human Rights Commission over its interpretation of local laws pertaining to gender identity has been dropped after a federal judge noted that churches are not generally considered places of public accommodation by the courts. 
U.S. District Judge Stephanie Rose responded to motions from both sides of the case on Oct. 14, denying the Commission’s motion to dismiss the suit, while also denying the Fort Des Moines Church of Christ’s (FDMCC) request for an injunction. 
“[S]tate and federal courts have held that churches and programs they host are not places of public accommodation,” Rose wrote. 
It seems that this was a waste of time. Nothing has changed, and the church still seems to be getting its right to exist from the state. I understand the desire to protect oneself, but we have to remember that if they cannot make a concerning religion, this was superfluous. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .",0
4809,"ING TO CUT 7,000 JOBS…","Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Home › POLITICS › ING TO CUT 7,000 JOBS… ING TO CUT 7,000 JOBS… 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] ING Group ‘s plans to shed 7,000 jobs and invest in its digital platforms to make annual savings of 900 million euros ($1 billion) by 2021, drew swift criticism from unions of the Netherlands’ largest financial services company on Monday. 
The layoffs represent slightly less than 12 percent of ING’s 52,000 workforce because nearly 1,000 are expected to come at suppliers rather than the bank itself. 
But they are the heaviest since 2009, when ING was forced to restructure and spin off its insurance activities after receiving a state bailout during the financial crisis. 
Labor unions were highly critical of the decision. 
“I don’t think this was the intention of the (government) when it kept ING afloat with bailout money,” Ike Wiersinga of the Dutch CNV union said. 
In Belgian, where the number of jobs lost will be highest, labor leader Herman Vanderhaegen called the decision a “horror show” in a statement published on the website of De Tijd, and said workers would strike on Friday. 
Although other large banks have announced mass layoffs at branch offices in the past year to boost profitability, ING said the job cuts were partly to combine technology platforms and risk control centers as well to help it to contend with regulatory burdens and low interest rates. 
“You have to announce these programs and these intentions at a time when you can afford them,” CEO Ralph Hamers told reporters on a conference call. “We’re strong right now, we have good results, we are growing and then you have to do the repairs, and not when you don’t have any choice anymore.” Post navigation Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 RESOURCES",0
4810,"WATCH: ’Kill Jews, Americans’ - Osama Bin Laden’s Son Calls for Global Terrorist Attacks","One of the sons of   leader and   architect Osama bin Laden has called on Islamist terrorists around the world to kill Jews and attack American interests wherever they are found. [The chilling demand is made by Hamza bin Laden in a   video which features images of terror attacks around the world including several in Israel. The   terrorist encourages Muslims in “America, the West and occupied Palestine” to carry out solo attacks where they are instead of traveling to the Middle East.  “Know that inflicting punishment on Jews and crusaders where you are present is more vexing and severe for the enemy,” he says, according to the video, which was distributed by   media arm   and posted to YouTube. Bin Laden,  who was added to the U. S.   blacklist in January, provided a voiceover for the video centered around “advice for   in the West. ” He tells followers to “look for Jewish targets everywhere” and to attack American or NATO interests if no Jews can be found. It was immediately noted by terrorism experts: Hamza bin Laden, son of Osama, releases audio message offering “advice for martyrdom seekers in the West. ” Tells people to attack at home. pic. twitter.   —   Shiraz Maher (@ShirazMaher) May 13, 2017,  1) Breaking: Hamza bin Laden, son of #UBL, gives directives to #lonewolf terrorists in speech, “Advice for   in the West” pic. twitter.   —   Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) May 13, 2017,  The video includes footage from at least two attacks in Israel: a Jerusalem   that claimed four soldiers on a cultural tour in December 2016, and a November 2015 incident in which a Palestinian woman stabbed and lightly wounded a settlement security guard. Bin Laden also urges attacks on Russia, and the video features footage of the brutal December 2016 public assassination of Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrey Karlov. This is not the first time Hamza bin Laden has tried to rally followers of his dead father. As Breitbart Jerusalem reported, he made a similar call last year. On that occasion he praised the stabbing attacks by Palestinians against Israelis and called on Muslims from around the world to join the fight to defend Jerusalem, urging them to “participate in the intifada” of their Palestinian brethren by “killing the Jews and attacking their interests everywhere. ”  ",0
4811,"Sticker Shock, and Maybe Nausea, Hamper Sales of Virtual Reality Gear - The New York Times","SEATTLE  —   For a technology to crack the mainstream, there is an unspoken understanding: It shouldn’t make the people who use it want to throw up. And yet there was a reminder, at last week’s International CES trade show in Las Vegas, of how far virtual reality has to go until everyone is ready to fasten   goggles to their faces. At a news conference, Intel, the chip maker, provided virtual reality headsets to about 250 attendees so they could watch a   video from the perspective of sky divers hurtling out of a helicopter in wingsuits. Intel also passed out motion sickness bags to everyone, in case anybody felt inclined to vomit, an unfortunate side effect of turbulent virtual reality experiences for some people. Laura Anderson, an Intel spokeswoman, said the company had provided the bags “out of an abundance of caution and to be tongue in cheek about our immersive experience. ” No one used the bags, she said. It is time for a reality check for virtual reality, one of the most hyped technologies of last year. Sales of the most capable headsets have been sluggish by most estimates, held back by high costs, a lack of   content, and the complexity and awkwardness of the products. Less expensive mobile headsets that use smartphones as their screens are selling better, but are far more limited in what they can do. Many technologists and early adopters of virtual reality remain unchanged in their conviction that the technology will eventually change how entertainment, including games and movies, is experienced by the masses. The major virtual reality headsets from Oculus, HTC and Sony went on sale to the public only last year, and those who thought they would find a large audience within months of release had unrealistic expectations, virtual reality’s advocates say. “This is going to be a long slog, as the technology continues to improve, more content becomes available and awareness increases,” said Jan Dawson, an analyst at Jackdaw Research. Virtual reality now appears to be headed for a phase in the evolution of new technologies known as the “trough of disillusionment,” said Sunny Dhillon, a venture capitalist at Signia Venture Partners, which has invested in virtual reality  . According to the technology research firm Gartner, this stage of the hype cycle for new technologies comes after a period of inflated expectations, but before a phase in which their benefits become commonly accepted. The excitement around virtual reality took a huge leap in March 2014 when Facebook announced it planned to acquire Oculus for $2 billion and the social network’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, suggested that virtual reality could be the next big thing in technology after mobile. That deal sparked a wave of   creating products for virtual reality and a related technology called augmented reality, which overlays digital imagery on a view of the real world, as seen through smartphones and headsets. Last year, $1. 48 billion was invested in   in that category, compared with $331 million the prior year, estimated Pitchbook, a financial data firm. Many of those   were funded before major headsets went on sale to the public. Entrepreneurs raising money in the future are likely to encounter tougher questions about what kind of use their products are getting. “All the major headsets have launched  —   the numbers are coming in,” said Alex Rosenfeld, the founder of Vrideo, a   that acted as a   hub for virtual reality videos. “You’re going to have some companies here that don’t survive. If the industry is going to continue to attract dollars, there’s going to have to be real numbers. ” Vrideo was one of those that did not make it. Mr. Rosenfeld announced at the end of November that he was shutting the company down. He said investors were skeptical about whether Vrideo could compete against larger players like Google’s YouTube and Facebook not pessimistic about the overall future of virtual reality. The companies that make the major headsets do not report their sales, and all of them said they were pleased with the results so far. SuperData Research, a technology research firm, estimated that Oculus had sold 360, 000 headsets and HTC 450, 000 since their products went on sale in March and June, respectively. Both of those headsets require   PCs with powerful processors. The firm estimated that Sony, which began selling a virtual reality headset in October, has sold about 750, 000. Sony’s headset was seen as a potentially big boost to the virtual reality industry because it is less expensive than rival headsets and relies on a PlayStation 4 console, more than 53 million of which have already been sold. A bundle with the PlayStation VR headset and specialized controllers sells for $500, while comparable bundles from HTC and Oculus sell for just under $800 each. Less expensive Sony and Oculus headsets are available without controllers designed for virtual reality. Still, the Sony sales were fewer than SuperData and others had expected. “The holidays were pretty disappointing for many in the industry,” said Doug Renert, a venture capitalist with Tandem Capital. “I’m not all that surprised. ” In a bright spot, Samsung said last week at CES that is had shipped more than five million of its Gear VR headsets, which act as a cradle for a mobile phone, with lenses that create a   image from the phone’s screen. Samsung often runs promotions in which it gives away a headset with the purchase of a Samsung smartphone. Price drops on technology are likely to be a big factor in mainstream acceptance of virtual reality. Starting Monday, a company that makes gaming PCs, CyberPower, will begin selling a $499 computer that can play virtual reality content when used with an Oculus headset. That is hundreds of dollars less than the normal cost. Ergonomic challenges with virtual reality headsets are likely to take longer to overcome. The more powerful headsets must be tethered by thick cables to PCs or consoles, which can tangle up players’ legs when these rigs occlude their view of the real world. Some players have come up with clever solutions to this problem by repurposing Ikea lamps to dangle the cables above their heads. At CES, a   called Sixa showed a wireless adapter called Rivvr that eliminates the need for those cables. “With wireless, V. R. will be ready for the mass market,” said Mykola Minchenko, chief executive of Sixa, which plans to sell its adapter for $200. Mr. Renert, the venture capitalist, said his firm had invested in several   working in virtual reality, including Sixa, despite slow sales of headsets, though the companies are working on technologies in other categories, too. He is confident that virtual reality will one day be a mainstream technology, comparing its evolution to   devices from Apple that were flops and hits. “We’re not at the Newton stage, but I don’t think we’re at iPhone stage,” Mr. Renert said.",0
4812,"‘Go Back to Where You Claim Home,’ Kansas Lawmaker Tells Protester","‘Go Back to Where You Claim Home,’ Kansas Lawmaker Tells Protester Dion Lefler, Wichita Eagle, October 25, 2016 
Kansas state Rep. Joe Seiwert commented on Facebook that an African-American singer who knelt while performing “The Star Spangled Banner” at a Miami Heat game should “go back” to where she claims as home. 
Seiwert, R-Pretty Prairie, posted that comment and a longer follow-up on an anti-black meme that was originally posted to a pro-Donald Trump Facebook group and then shared by one of Seiwert’s constituents. 
Seiwert confirmed the comments were his and said he was exercising his First Amendment right to free speech, as he says the woman in the meme did when she wore a Black Lives Matter T-shirt and knelt while singing the anthem. 
{snip} 
The photo in the meme is of Denasia Lawrence, a Miami social worker and, according to the Miami Sun-Sentinel, a part-time game-night employee of the Heat professional basketball team. The team has issued a statement saying team officials were unaware that Lawrence planned to protest when they asked her to sing the anthem at Friday’s preseason game with the Philadelphia 76ers. 
{snip} 
To which Seiwert responded: “I am where I claim home and like it, they want to claim it and it is their right to go where ever they like, so if they don’t like it here, I believe that their freedom completely allows them to go wherever they believe is more free and non racist if that’s what they believe.” 
Seiwert said he didn’t see the profanity in the meme when he commented and didn’t do anything wrong. 
“I have a personal life besides a legislative life,” he said. “Maybe it was inappropriate; I don’t believe so, because I said nothing derogatory. And I believe that (if) people are that upset with the national anthem, they can do whatever they want to on their own time, but when they’re using it on national TV to make a statement, that’s not right. 
“I said if she (Lawrence) doesn’t like it here, then go where she would like it. What’s wrong with that?” he said. 
Asked why a person should leave rather than try to change things where they are, Seiwert responded: “Because maybe there’s other people who don’t want their place changed.” 
He also said he did not think his comments had anything to do with race. 
“It don’t make any difference if they’re black, white or green, it’s the disrespect to our country,” he said. “And why does everybody put the color to it?” 
{snip} 
The person who made the meme took a photo of Lawrence from the web and added, in capital letters, “KNEELING WHILE SINGING THE NATIONAL ANTHEM . . . I’M SO SICK OF THESE ANTI-AMERICAN BLACKS . . . (Expletive) BLACK LIVES MATTER.” 
Seiwert’s comment, directed at Lawrence, was: “Go back to where you claim home than (sic).” 
{snip}",0
4813,Cop Fires Round From His 9mm Glock into a Daycare Center in a ‘Gun-Free Zone’– Yet to Be Charged,"Watch: Police Viciously Attack, Arrest Peaceful Protesters at DAPL Including Children and the Elderly Home / Badge Abuse / Cop Fires Round From His 9mm Glock into a Daycare Center in a ‘Gun-Free Zone’– Yet to Be Charged Cop Fires Round From His 9mm Glock into a Daycare Center in a ‘Gun-Free Zone’– Yet to Be Charged Matt Agorist October 27, 2016 2 Comments 
Cuyahoga Falls, OH — Authorities are only ‘contemplating’ criminal charges against an East Cleveland police officer today after he discharged his weapon sending a bullet hurling into a day care center. 
The staff and children at the KinderCare Learning center were likely terrified when a bullet came blasting through the fence and lodged into the wall of the school around 3:35 pm on Tuesday. 
Police have refused to release the name of the officer who negligently discharged his firearm. Authorities did, however, note that the officer was unloading his 9mm Glock inside his home, directly behind the daycare, when it ‘accidentally’ discharged. 
Up until that point, the staff and parents of the children at KinderCare probably thought that their children were safer being neighbors with a police officer. 
Despite the officer clearly admitting to committing the misdemeanor offense of discharging a firearm within city limits, police have yet to charge him. 
“Right now our law department has it and they are reviewing it to see if there should be any charges,” Police Chief Jack Davis said Wednesday morning. 
“It was a very unfortunate incident for the school, as well as him,” he added. 
Outside of skating out of the misdemeanor charge so far, this officer also seems to be avoiding the felony offense of discharging a weapon in a gun-free school zone. 
Imagine for a moment that you were cleaning your pistol and all of the sudden, you accidentally squeeze off a round sending the deadly projectile through the wall of a daycare center, in a gun-free zone. 
There are two possible scenarios that would take place; the first one being that a SWAT team responds and you are killed. The second, less lethal result would be your inevitable arrest and charges of public endangerment, unlawful discharge, illegal use of a firearm, assault with a deadly weapon, terrorism, or a myriad of other charges associated with sending a deadly projectile hurling through walls and near the heads of innocent people. You would immediately be facing fines, jail time, probation, and firearms restrictions. 
However, if you are a government agent who’s trusted with carrying a deadly weapon into places others cannot, you needn’t worry about any of those repercussions as this case will likely prove. 
When the Akron Beacon Journal contacted the East Cleveland police department to inquire as to what would happen to this officer, they said their department was unaware of the incident. 
“We’re just grateful that nobody was hurt,” KinderCare spokeswoman Colleen Moran told Ohio.com. So are we. 
As the gun controllers call for guns to be taken out of the hands of US citizens, what they really mean is they only want cops to have guns. This cop proves how silly, and dangerous, that demand actually is. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share Google + TOPDOG1 
It does not matter if he went in and shot several of the children. The prosecutors would still refuse to charge him. Phil Freeman 
What a douchebag. Clearly no trigger awareness and muzzle control. ADs don’t accidentally happen, they’re caused by incompetence and nincompoopery. Social Trending",0
4814,Mexico’s President Cancels Meeting With Trump Over Wall - The New York Times,"MEXICO CITY  —   President Donald J. Trump’s decision to build a wall along the southern border escalated into a diplomatic standoff on Thursday, with Mexico’s president publicly canceling a scheduled meeting at the White House and Mr. Trump firing back, accusing Mexico of burdening the United States with illegal immigrants, criminals and a trade deficit. Mr. Trump’s push to fulfill his campaign pledge and build a border wall brought to a head months of simmering tensions, culminating in a remarkable    between the two leaders. By afternoon, Mr. Trump’s spokesman said the president would pay for the border wall by imposing a 20 percent tax on imports to the United States, which he said would raise billions of dollars. The sparring began Thursday morning when the president of Mexico announced on Twitter that he was canceling his meeting with Mr. Trump next week, rejecting the visit after the new American leader ordered the border wall between the two nations. Having called for dialogue in the face of Mr. Trump’s vows to build a wall during the American presidential campaign, President Enrique Peña Nieto ultimately bowed to public pressure in Mexico to respond more forcefully to his northern neighbor. On Wednesday, Mr. Trump signed an executive order to beef up the nation’s deportation force and start construction on a new wall along the border. Adding to the perceived insult was the timing of the order: It came on the first day of talks between top Mexican officials and their counterparts in Washington, and just days before the meeting between the two presidents. Mr. Trump’s action was enough to prompt Mr. Peña Nieto to start discussing whether to scrap his plans to visit the White House, according to Mexican officials. In a video message delivered over Twitter on Wednesday night, Mr. Peña Nieto reiterated his commitment to protect the interests of Mexico and the Mexican people, and he chided the move in Washington to continue with the wall. “I regret and condemn the United States’ decision to continue with the construction of a wall that, for years now, far from uniting us, divides us,” he said. Then on Thursday morning, Mr. Trump fired back, warning that he might cancel the meeting himself if Mexico did not agree to pay for the wall. Just before Mr. Trump fired off his Twitter post, the Mexican foreign minister and Mr. Trump’s Homeland Security secretary, John F. Kelly, were preparing to see each other for a scheduled 11:30 a. m. meeting. According to a senior American official, the secretary had been briefed. The appropriate flags had been arranged by the protocol staff at the Department of Homeland Security. Then, just as American officials greeted the minister outside the department’s headquarters in Northwest Washington, the minister received word from Mexico that he was being pulled back, the official said. The meeting never happened. By early afternoon, Mr. Trump said it was the United States that was being treated unfairly. “We have agreed to cancel our planned meeting,” Mr. Trump said in a new conference Thursday afternoon. “Unless Mexico is going to treat the U. S. fairly, with respect, such a meeting would be fruitless, and I want to go a different route. We have no choice. ” In Mexico, Mr. Peña Nieto had little political room to maneuver. With Mr. Trump’s order to build the wall, the perceived insults Mexico had endured during the campaign had finally turned into action. Decades of friendly relations between the nations  —   on matters involving trade, security and migration  —   seemed to be unraveling. Calls began to come in from across the political spectrum for Mr. Peña Nieto to cancel his visit, and to respond with greater fortitude to the perceived menace from President Trump. On Twitter, Mr. Trump’s action was referred to by politicians and historians as a “an offense to Mexico,” a “slap in the face” and a “monument to lies. ” Historians said that not since President Calvin Coolidge threatened to invade a “Soviet Mexico” had the United States so deeply antagonized the Mexican populace. “It is an unprecedented moment for the bilateral relationship,” said Genaro Lozano, a professor at the Iberoamerican University in Mexico City. “In the 19th century, we fought a war with the U. S. now we find ourselves in a   war, a commercial one over Nafta and an immigration war due to the measures he just announced. ”",0
4815,Resurgent Syrian Rebels Surprise Damascus With New Assaults - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Syrian insurgents seized several government positions on the outskirts of Damascus on Tuesday in the third day of their most ambitious offensive in the capital in years, sending a sharp reminder that the war in Syria is far from over. Fierce fighting broke out on the northeastern edge of Damascus, as a mix of Islamist rebel groups and     jihadists seized an industrial area about a mile from the historic Old City near the heart of the Syrian capital. Rebel offensives erupted in several other parts of the country. Government forces have been scrambling to repel the attack since it began on Sunday, bringing troops and allied militias from other front lines to hold their territory in Damascus, as government warplanes pummel   suburbs with scores of strikes. Rebel shells hit the city, wounding 15, and the authorities shut down many of the main roads. After the government seized the eastern half of Aleppo from rebels last year, it worked hard to create the impression that the war was essentially over. The recent activity, including a series of suicide bombings in Damascus and a rebel attack Thursday on the northern city of Hama, seemed to indicate that the war might be entering a new phase instead. While the government still seems to be consolidating control over major population centers along Syria’s western spine, it appears at a minimum likely to face a lingering rural insurgency and bombing campaigns in the cities by   jihadist groups. At the least, the rebel assaults carried a political message: that the insurgents could still disrupt life in the capital and challenge the forces of President Bashar   at several points around the country, while simultaneously attacking Islamic State fighters. By mounting a series of simultaneous assaults around the country, the rebels seemed intent on exploiting one of the government forces’ main weaknesses. While they have Russian air support and help on the ground from   militias, they are spread thin after six years of war and the drain of so many men fleeing the country rather than serving in the army. It was not immediately clear if the rebels could maintain the offensive. Their forces around Damascus have been badly depleted in recent years and their territory rolled back as the government besieged districts and forced their surrender. And the new assaults raised political concerns, in that they continue the alliance between a spectrum of rebel groups and   Islamists considered terrorists by Russia and the United States. The rebels are also walking a fine line with Syrian and international public opinion. To build leverage for imminent peace talks, they need to show they can still cause trouble for the government on the ground, undermining its claim that it can control territory and maintain security. Yet, they stand to pay a huge political price if they ally themselves with groups that have been intensifying   insurgent attacks like the suicide bombing that killed more than 30 people last week in a historic courthouse in Damascus. No group immediately claimed responsibility for that attack. But fighters linked to Al Qaeda did say they had carried out two suicide bombings this month that killed dozens of Iraqi pilgrims near the Old City. Other rebel groups condemned both of those attacks. There were reports late Tuesday of several new insurgent assaults on government territory taking place at once: one in Hama Province and another on the western outskirts of Aleppo. In recent weeks, rebels have also launched attacks in Daraa Province to the south. Until recently, fighters there had lain low at the behest of foreign sponsors including the United States, but it now appears they have either decided to defy their patrons or persuaded them to heat up the front again. Rebel and jihadi groups were also advancing against the Islamic State in the Qalamoun region, north of Damascus. The government has been hitting   areas to the east of Damascus with air raids and artillery for more than a month, despite a nominal   that was supposed to be maintained during new rounds of peace talks in Geneva and in Astana, Kazakhstan. None of the rebel groups in the offensive on northeast Damascus are among the ones being backed in a covert C. I. A. program. But Mohammad   the leader of the Army of Islam, one of the groups involved in the assault, is nominally the head opposition negotiator in the Geneva peace talks. With their monthlong offensive, government forces appeared to be trying to further isolate the besieged suburbs of East Ghouta, hoping to eventually force the rebels there to surrender or face a grinding battle with widespread humanitarian suffering, as happened in Aleppo. That makes the districts of Jobar and Qaboun, and neighboring Barzeh, critical territory for both sides. They are the gateway to the business and tourism center of Damascus, where relatively normal life has been a symbol of the government’s continuing control over the capital during six years of conflict. For the rebels, the area contains the smuggling tunnels that help supply East Ghouta, supplementing whatever food can be grown there. A main highway out of Damascus passes nearby, and during lulls in the fighting when it is passable drivers survey a landscape of jagged shells of destroyed buildings. Rebels initially gained ground in a surprise attack on Sunday. Government command posts were hit by two suicide bombs detonated by fighters from Tahrir   the new name adopted by the Nusra Front after it claimed to shed its affiliation with Al Qaeda. Then rebel groups including Faylaq   the Army of Islam and Ahrar   advanced. The attacks took Damascus residents by surprise. Schools were closed for at least a day. Smoke could be seen rising over familiar landmarks. A reporter for Syrian state television, in the midst of assuring the audience that life was going on as normal in central Abasiyeen Square, flinched on air at the sound of a nearby projectile. When she was seen next, she was newly clad in a flak jacket and helmet. The government responded in force to the initial assault. Elite units, regular troops, irregulars in jeans carrying Kalashnikovs, members of foreign militias and armored vehicles could be seen near the front line on Sunday and Monday. They managed to take back the territory, but on Tuesday the insurgents hit back and regained much of the contested ground. Footage showed fighters with Ahrar   entering a textile factory they had just seized.",0
4816,Dem Sen Menendez Calls for a ’9/11 Independent Type Commission’ To Investigate Trump - Breitbart,"While discussing President Donald Trump’s tweets accusing former President Obama’s administration of wiretapping Trump Tower prior to the election on Monday’s edition of CNN’s “The Lead With Jake Tapper,”  Senator Bob Menendez ( ) said, “I think a   independent type commission” should investigate President Trump.  Menendez said, “I’m for an independent commission. And I think we have the master of misdirection in the White House, evident  —   the suggestion that President Obama wiretapped him, and then, takes off the attention on what was happening with Russia and the attorney general and others. So, I’m for an independent commission. I think that’s the only way, across the entire spectrum. I respect the Intelligence Committee and our leadership on a bipartisan basis. but that’s one element of a much broader set of circumstances. I want to make sure that when President Trump is acting, he’s acting in the interests of the American people, not in any interests he might have. And that’s broader than the intelligence elements, broader than the whole issue of our elections. It’s a whole host of issues. And I think a   independent type commission should do it. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
4817,Tancredo: Iowa’s Congressman Steve King Target of Globalist Assassins - Breitbart,"This week Congressman Steve King of Iowa made the following comment on his Twitter account about the outcome of the Dutch election contest between nationalist candidate Geert Wilders and the incumbent socialist Prime Minister:[Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can’t restore our civilization with somebody else’s babies. By the ensuing mud fight, you would think Congressman King had praised the beheading of children or “honor killings. ” But, no: King had only committed a crime against “diversity” by saying American culture is different and is worth saving.  Geert Wilders’ party did not win a majority in the Dutch national parliamentary elections on March 11  —   actually, no party did —   but he did increase his party’s share of the popular vote by about 30 percent. That means his views are attracting growing support, and to applaud that trend that arouses anger among progressives  —  and yes, hatred —  against Steve King. Wilders is a leader among Europeans seeking to halt unrestricted immigration by millions of Muslims fleeing the Middle East’s civil wars and terrorist violence. Steve King Is watching the slow collapse of European civilization and suggesting that the United States follow a different course. Perhaps if his Republican critics bothered to examine the demographic assault on Europe they would not be so quick to condemn his Paul   warning. Turkish President Erdogan tells Muslims in Europe to have “at least five children,” because, “You are the future of Europe. ”  Do you think Erdogan is planning to win the 2040 World Cup —  or something more “comprehensive. ”  If the Muslim Brotherhood has its way, it is the future of America as well. Congressman King was attacked mercilessly for “racist Twitter comments. ”  Really? “Racist”? Must every difference of opinion on important matters be reduced to a duel between white hat progressives and black hat “racists”?  What is going on here? First to attack Congressman King were the     like the Southern Policy Law Center, The New York Times, and the usual gang bangers. But the leftist watchtowers of political correctness were soon joined by mainstream media assassins, who painted a picture of a “white nationalist” politician who deserved to be pilloried as an enemy of diversity and civil rights. After the initial attacks, Rep. King went on CNN to defend his remarks. In an interview with CNN’s Chris Cuomo, King explained: [I] meant exactly what I said. You cannot rebuild your civilization with somebody else’s babies. You’ve got to keep your birth rate up, and you need to teach your children your values. That is shocking: Congressman King believes parents should teach their children their values. Wow. Now there’s a radical idea. The globalists at CNN evidently think parents should either not teach values at all or should teach someone else’s values. Whose values? Maybe the values of the UN Human Rights Commission? Or the values spewed out bilingually by   Jose Ramos at Univision? But, wait: something here does not add up. King wasn’t being attacked for advocating less immigration. He was attacked for saying our nation would be better off if we reproduced our own children and our own values —  which implies —  oh, my, God —  implies our values might be superior to imported values! Okay, not everyone agrees with that, but how is it “racist”? Are Catholics racist if they oppose abortion —  even if more black babies are aborted in New York City than are born there? We have entered an era of   when opposition to any progressive policy  —   such as unrestricted migration across open borders, or unrestricted access to public welfare benefits  —   is pilloried and slandered as “racist. ” This new   censorship is hailed as “progress,” when in reality, it is a hallmark of totalitarian repression. Steve King did not say that only white Americans should have more babies he wants more American babies, period. Yes, that’s an example of putting “America First,” and you can either agree or disagree with it. But to slander it as racist is, well, plainly  . Congressman King’s statements were not racist any more than people who want secure borders are “ . ” Immigrants are people who arrive legally after a long process that takes many years. Proposing that there be no restrictions on who enters our country  —   and that we must take in all migrants who appear on our borders  —   is not a “humanitarian” policy, it is an unforgivably destructive and dangerous one. The ongoing debate over how many and what kind of immigrants America needs should be a policy debate, not a   brawl, but that is what the globalists are doing —  dragging everyone into a brawl. We have seen it over and over again, this orchestrated orgy or character assassination aimed at silencing all dissent from the globalist, multicultural agenda. If America is already the world’s “melting pot,” then the sons and daughters born inside that caldron of intercultural assimilation will necessarily represent those same races and colors. So, exactly how is  it “racist” or “white nationalist” to suggest we need to pass on our values to the next generation of Americans  —   and not rely on young adults arriving from other cultures? How is Steve King’s statements any different than the values expressed in President Trump’s “American First” inaugural address? Of course, they are not, and indeed, attacking King is another way of attacking President Trump’s nationalism. Too many establishment Republicans run for the tall grass when an ounce of moral courage is needed.  Republican criticism of Congressman King came quickly from some of the media’s favorite “ ” sources when patriotic heretics are spotted on the horizon. Quick on the draw was a “  ” amnesty bill supporter, Florida congresswoman Ileana   who went to her Twitter tool to attack King, “Get a clue  …    . Diversity is our strength. ”  Oh, but, let’s not have too much diversity in Congress. Iowa has got to go! Other Republicans who joined the lynch mob were current House Speaker Paul Ryan. “The speaker clearly disagrees and believes America’s long history of inclusiveness is one of its great strengths,” spokesperson Ashlee Strong said. Representative King is simply the latest victim of the merchants of globalism. His language may have been a little crude, but his point was not only valid but a necessary caution against the bitter fruit of open borders anarchy. The attempt to slander and demonize Steve King is more than an attack on a   “border hawk. ” The vitriol hurled at Congressman King is more intense than normal not because he is criticizing other nations or other cultures  —   he did not do that —   but because he is praising our own culture and values —  American values —  and saying we must preserve those values. THAT is what is unforgivable in “  America. ” Congressman King has touched a raw nerve and the progressive globalist counterattack has been visceral.  To the American left, it is now racist to believe American values are worth defending, worth teaching to our children, worth preserving for future generations. Anyone who speaks out in praise of American values or suggests American values may be in danger of eclipse from massive immigration without cultural assimilation —  that person and those ideas must be rejected, then marginalized, and then destroyed. I am proud to call Congressman Steve King my friend. Americans who care about constitutional liberty and the independence of the American homeland should care equally about preserving the unique culture that undergirds those liberties and our national sovereignty. That uniquely American culture is not the one embodied in United Nations High Commission on Refugees, nor the one enforced by repression the People’s Republic of China, nor the culture enforced by religious persecution in Turkey and Saudi Arabia. And it is not the culture celebrated in Hollywood in Bill Maher’s condescending monologues.",0
4818,"Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump: Your Thursday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Britain voted to leave the European Union. The outcome highlighted the power of   populist and nationalist sentiment at a time of economic and cultural dislocation. The value of the British pound plummeted as financial markets absorbed the news. Our live coverage is here. _____ 2. The Supreme Court, still missing a ninth justice, handed down two momentous decisions. One was a   deadlock that kept President Obama’s signature immigration plan on ice, a blow to his hopes to shield millions from deportation. The second upheld affirmative action in admissions at the University of Texas at Austin. Here’s a guide explaining both rulings. _____ 3. In Washington, a   Democrat   in the House brought institutional disruption, a hallmark of national politics, to the heart of the legislature. But it failed to persuade the Republican leadership to agree to vote on gun control measures. Speaker Paul Ryan dismissed it as “a publicity stunt. ” Before Congress recessed for a week, the Senate voted to keep a compromise gun control bill alive, but in procedural limbo. _____ 4. The fracas turned into a watershed moment. Protesting Democrats reached out to constituents on social media after Mr. Ryan adjourned the session, cutting off  ’s video feed.   pivoted, picking up the live video the representatives were shooting on Periscope, Facebook Live and the like. “For one day and night,” our TV critic writes, “the hottest drama on cable was on  . ” _____ 5. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton both weighed in on the Supreme Court’s immigration ruling. He praised it and she called it “heartbreaking. ” Mr. Trump was in Scotland, taking a campaign break that some strategists called   to attend the reopening of one of his golf courses. The campaign manager he fired this week, Corey Lewandowski, joined CNN as a political commentator. _____ 6. “Stairway to Heaven” is safe  —   or rather the pockets of Jimmy Page and Robert Plant will not be emptied of millions of dollars. A jury in Los Angeles ruled that Led Zeppelin did not steal the opening riff from a 1968 song by a band it crossed paths with early in its career. “I didn’t remember it then, and I don’t remember it now,” Mr. Plant testified. _____ 7. The Justice Department made a major move against mass incarceration, a phenomenon that has deepened tensions in the national debate over racial inequities, law enforcement and justice. A landmark agreement in Mississippi means that, for the first time, a local government must provide services to shrink jailings. Those include diversion programs,   services and barring incarceration for some failures to pay   fines. _____ 8. In Baltimore, protesters chanted “Freddie Gray should be here with us today” after a police officer was acquitted of all charges in Mr. Gray’s death. The officer, Caesar Goodson, above, drove the van in which Mr. Gray suffered a fatal spinal injury. The judge said prosecutors had not proved that Mr. Goodson had given or intended to give Mr. Gray a “rough ride,” making it the third trial in the case to end without a conviction. _____ 9. Summer trip coming? Our Personal Tech columnist came up with a shortlist of devices worth taking on vacation (and a long list of things you can leave behind). Sure, a small tablet for the plane, but you might consider Roku’s new Streaming Stick, to expand your hotel’s entertainment options, and a handy   USB wall charger. _____ 10. Sheryl Sandberg added a new element to her campaign against cultural themes she finds damaging to women. She and her collaborator, Adam Grant, assert in one of our   pieces today that women help one another in life and work and that the idea of the catty woman or selfish “queen bee” is a myth. “What’s the derogatory male equivalent?” they ask. “It doesn’t exist. ” _____ 11. Finally, forget the birds and the bees. Check out the coral. Scientists aiming to help the world’s struggling reefs are studying how entire reefs engage in what our science reporter describes as “primordial rites of mass spawning. ” Triggered by the moon and seasonal temperatures, the masses of tiny creatures that make up a reef release trillions of eggs and sperm simultaneously, a frenzy of fertility. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
4819,"Kidney Fund Seen Insisting on Donations, Contrary to Government Deal - The New York Times","The American Kidney Fund is one of the largest charities in the country, with an annual budget of over $250 million. Its marquee program helps pay insurance premiums for thousands of people who need dialysis, a lifesaving and expensive treatment for kidney failure. The organization has earned accolades for its efficient use of the money. Under an agreement with the federal government, the Kidney Fund must distribute the aid based on a patient’s financial need. But the charity has resisted giving aid to patients at clinics that do not donate money to the fund, an investigation by The New York Times has found. The actions have limited crucial help for needy patients at these clinics. The agreement governing the relationship between the group and the companies forbids choosing patients based on their clinic. In multiple cases, the charity pushed back on workers at clinics that had not donated money, discouraging them from signing up their patients for assistance. Until recently, the Kidney Fund’s guidelines even said clinics should not apply for patient aid if the company had not donated to the charity. “I watched many patients who were not able to get that assistance,” said Elaine Brecher, a former social worker at a small clinic in rural Arkansas. After an application for one patient was declined, she said, she did not apply for others, because a colleague believed that only clinics that donated could refer patients. Ms. Brecher now works at a clinic owned by Fresenius, one of the two largest dialysis companies along with DaVita. Together, the two companies provide nearly 80 percent of the charity’s funding. She said her current patients benefited from the Kidney Fund, whose assistance can amount to thousands of dollars in financial aid a year. “If our patients didn’t get that assistance, they would be owing great big huge bills to hospitals and doctors,” she said. The financial help is available to patients with kidney failure, known as   renal disease, many of whom are unable to work. The money covers the insurance premiums for many types of coverage, including Medicare and employer and individual private plans. The Kidney Fund’s payments are part of an unusual deal it made with the government and the dialysis industry 20 years ago. The arrangement allows the dialysis companies to avoid violating   laws. It allows dialysis clinics to donate to the Kidney Fund, treat patients whose insurance premiums are paid by the charity and then collect money from the insurers for those patients’ treatments  —   essentially guaranteeing a steady stream of paying customers for the companies. But the agreement also has a caveat: It requires that all patient applications be treated equally, regardless of whether their clinic donates. In an interview this month, LaVarne A. Burton, the Kidney Fund’s chief executive, said that the charity treated all patients equally, and that the fund had never denied anyone assistance if they qualified financially. “It is simply not true that we require any provider to contribute to the program,” she said. “Never have, and never will. ” She acknowledged, though, that the charity pushed clinics hard to donate, particularly if they applied on behalf of patients. “We believe there is a moral obligation for providers to contribute to the organization,” she said. Ms. Burton said the concerns raised by social workers like Ms. Brecher and others arose because many in the industry misunderstood how the charity worked. The charity recently updated its guidelines, she said, to provide more clarity. An examination of public documents, as well as interviews with more than a dozen social workers, employees of dialysis clinics, insurance officials and regulators, and a former executive at the charity, put the actions in a different light. Many of the clinic workers, from about a   states around the country, were called randomly, to limit any chance of coordinated talking points. For years, The Times found, the Kidney Fund’s preference for patients at the biggest clinics has been an open secret among many social workers, who said that as a result they had stopped applying for assistance entirely. The findings also add to a list of concerns about the group’s relationship with the dialysis industry. This year, for example, the fund faced questions about whether it was helping dialysis companies game the Affordable Care Act. In some cases, insurers and government officials have argued, the dialysis clinics used the charity’s assistance program to push people who were eligible for Medicaid, government health insurance for the poor, into private health coverage available under the new law. The private plans pay the clinics much more than Medicaid  —   up to four times as much, adding up to an additional $200, 000 per patient per year  —   for the same dialysis treatment. In recent months, the federal government has raised concerns about how patients are steered into private plans. UnitedHealthcare sued one company, American Renal Associates, over the practice, claiming it was harming patients by converting them to less generous coverage. American Renal, which declined to comment for this article, has denied the claims and is fighting the suit. The suit against American Renal also says the Kidney Fund directed some donations directly back to patients at American Renal. As part of an investigation by Medicare, social workers and insurers have made similar accusations against the Kidney Fund. Ms. Burton denied those accusations and attributed the recent scrutiny of the insurance assistance program to insurers that want to avoid covering the often costly medical bills of people who need dialysis. “The insurance industry has let us have it full force,” she said. Dialysis filters toxins from the blood when a patient’s kidneys no longer work. The process is lifesaving, but also onerous, often requiring that patients be tethered to a machine for hours at a time, three times a week. Patients on dialysis often cannot hold   jobs, studies have shown, and those receiving the treatment are disproportionately poor. The poorest people with kidney disease qualify for Medicaid, which covers all of their costs. But Medicare covers most of the 500, 000 or so Americans who need the treatment, regardless of their age, under a government program that has existed since the 1970s and that costs the federal government more than $30 billion a year. Even with help, people covered by Medicare are left with significant    costs. Most must pay a monthly premium of about $120, as well as a portion of their medical expenses, which can add up to several thousand dollars a year. Until the late 1990s, the dialysis companies routinely paid these expenses. But a federal law outlawed that practice, out of concern that covering a patient’s bills might dissuade that patient from switching to another clinic that might provide better care. That was when the American Kidney Fund stepped in. In 1995, the charity was relatively small, with a $5 million annual budget and contributions from the dialysis industry that accounted for less than 10 percent of its donations. The Kidney Fund and the biggest dialysis clinics presented the government with a proposal that would allow the companies to indirectly pay insurance premiums for patients. The deal, reached with the Office of Inspector General at the Department of Health and Human Services in 1997, has had a profound effect on the charity. In 2015, the Kidney Fund reported revenue of $264 million, making it one of the country’s 100 largest nonprofits. The dialysis industry has also flourished. DaVita and Fresenius in particular have grown quickly, buying smaller chains, consolidating their market share and locking in profits. The Kidney Fund says it got 78 percent of its revenue in 2015 from two companies, which insurers, state regulators and others identified as DaVita and Fresenius. “There’s a long history of recognition of the unique needs of that patient population,” said Philipp Stephanus, a senior vice president at DaVita who handles patient support and insurance issues. The Kidney Fund, DaVita and Fresenius said the federal agreement prohibited them from disclosing what percentage of applications the fund approved from those companies’ clinics, or how much the charity paid in insurance aid for patients at those clinics. But the 1997 deal tried to prevent any preferential treatment, no matter how big the companies became. Kevin McAnaney, a former government lawyer who helped draft the original agreement, said fairness to patients was at the heart of the deal. Everyone understood that “they were covering free riders who weren’t contributing anything,” said Mr. McAnaney, a lawyer in private practice who previously worked at the Office of Inspector General. But if the rules are not followed, the Office of Inspector General has the right to end the agreement, which would profoundly change the relationship of the industry and the charity. “If all the conditions are not met, the opinion is without force and effect,” said Donald White, a spokesman for the agency. In keeping with the agency’s policy, he would not confirm or deny whether the agency was investigating the group. Tracey Dickey works as a social worker for a nonprofit dialysis clinic in rural Missouri with no connection to a big dialysis company, and many of her patients struggle to pay their medical bills, she said. They are exactly the kind of people the Kidney Fund says it is there to help. In November 2014, Ms. Dickey emailed an executive at the fund. She said she had heard that only clinics that donated to it could apply for financial aid for patients. Her clinic had not donated, she said  —   but she still had a patient in need. “I need to know the facts before I tell her there isn’t premium assistance,” Ms. Dickey wrote in an email to the fund. She provided a copy of the email to The Times. An executive at the fund wrote back the same day. He was noncommittal, but attached a set of guidelines that he asked her to review. “If your company cannot make fair and equitable contributions,” the guidelines read, “we respectfully request that your organization not refer patients. ” And so she didn’t. The patient, Ms. Dickey said, continues to struggle financially. This summer, after Ms. Dickey and other social workers shared their experiences in an industry discussion group, the Kidney Fund invited them to contact the charity about their concerns. When she followed up, the charity told Ms. Dickey that she would need some computer training to enroll in the program. She has not pursued it, she said. Ms. Burton said that Ms. Dickey had apparently misunderstood the exchange with the Kidney Fund employee and that had she applied, her patient would have been approved, assuming the person qualified financially. But Ms. Brecher and several workers at other nonprofit or independent clinics told similar stories. An administrator at an independent clinic in a Midwestern city said he had helped a handful of patients maintain their coverage through the fund after they transferred to his clinic from a large chain. He declined to be identified because, he said, he did not want to anger DaVita and Fresenius, who sometimes send him patients. Each time, he said, the charity’s workers later demanded that the clinic make a donation that at a minimum covered the amount it had paid for the patient’s premium. If he did not pay, he said he had been told, the patient risked losing the financial help from the charity for his insurance. The administrator said he had refused to donate to the charity. The Kidney Fund continued to help pay for the patients’ insurance, he said, but the aggressive approach angered him. Ms. Burton said the charity never declined a patient because a clinic did not donate. But she said the Kidney Fund did not hesitate to ask clinics for donations. “We are a charitable organization,” she said. “We   for everything that we do. ” She said nearly 40 percent of the 213 dialysis companies whose clinics had successfully helped patients apply to the fund had never donated. She would not say, though, what percentage of the 80, 000 patients the fund helps annually comes from clinics that do not donate, or how many of those patients come from the biggest companies, which donate most of their revenue. Still, some social workers say the assumption at many clinics where they work is that the aid decisions are not always based on financial need. Jennifer Bruns, now a social worker at the St. John Transplant Specialty Center in Detroit, worked for years in dialysis clinics and said she had many clients who received assistance from the American Kidney Fund. She said sometimes patients would tell her that their insurance premiums  —   which the Kidney Fund had agreed to pay  —   had not been paid that month. Ms. Bruns called the fund to find out why, she said in an interview, “and they would say, ‘Well you haven’t made your contribution this month. ’”",0
4820,Ex-SF Mayor Willie Brown Warns Dems: Pushing Trump Impeachment Could ‘Backfire’ - Breitbart,"Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown warned Democrats that pushing for President Donald Trump’s impeachment could backfire.  “As tempting as it is for the Democrats to push the idea that Trump could be guilty of obstruction of justice and push for impeachment, that could ultimately backfire on them —  it raises public expectations, but if it doesn’t happen, it looks like you tried to do something and failed,” Brown wrote in his San Francisco Chronicle column over the weekend. “That wouldn’t just hurt the party this time. If a real Trump scandal comes along, the Democrats will be haunted by a decision to spend their political capital and credibility on a scandal that came up short. ” The legendary California Democrat said the “facts are not there” yet to make the case for impeachment. He added that former FBI director James Comey’s testimony “was great entertainment, but for all the hype,” the Senate Intelligence Committee hearings did not “deliver a knockout punch. ” “You are not going to get another ‘All the President’s Men’ out of this story,” he said, adding that “so far, there is no silver bullet that will bring the president down. ” California Democrats like Reps. Brad Sherman ( ) and Maxine “Get Ready for Impeachment” Waters ( ) have been leading the charge for impeachment. Rep. Ted Lieu ( ) has publicly stated that he is reading up on impeachment. And potential gubernatorial candidate and liberal megadonor Tom Steyer has also called for Trump’s impeachment. Brown’s advice to Democrats: “Let the questions hang out there in the public’s mind, and leave the speculation to MSNBC. ”",0
4821,Trump Ignored Black Voters. But Has Clinton Earned 91% of Their Support? - The New York Times,"Tara Wall was eager to help Donald J. Trump win over   voters, just as she had for President George W. Bush. But when she met with his campaign staff, she learned that the candidate did not share her enthusiasm. “It was made clear to me that that was not their focus,” Ms. Wall told The   in our latest podcast. “They weren’t focused on or weren’t planning to do any significant outreach to black voters,” Ms. Wall says. “They were focused on   white  —   suburban, in some cases  —   voters. ” In this episode, we explore how Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee, is faring so poorly with black voters, according to polls. We also assess where both parties stand with the black electorate: whether the Republican Party is ready to have an honest conversation about race, and whether the Democratic Party, which has benefited so much from Mr. Trump’s blunders with black voters, deserves the overwhelming support of   it has garnered this year. Ms. Wall, a veteran black campaign operative, offers a candid,    assessment. Few have had her insider’s perspective: as an adviser to President Bush, the last Republican presidential candidate to carry, in 2004, 11 percent of the black vote  —   a relative   mark for Republicans  —   and as an aide to Mitt Romney, who failed to match that level of support in 2012. We also talk with the New York Times columnist Charles Blow and the reporter Yamiche Alcindor, who have both covered the campaign and its racial dynamics for the past two years. Mr. Blow discusses the difficult choice this election. “One party approaches you with a philosophy of pain, and the other approaches you with a philosophy of pity,” he says. “And most black people, I would venture, don’t want either. ” But he warns about false equivalency. “Have Democrats been perfect? Of course they haven’t. But there are actual attacks on individual people of color in this country,” he says, speaking of efforts to enact stricter voter registration laws. “Everyone knows the net effect of them will be a disproportionate impact on poor people and minorities and, in particular, black people,” he said, “and those are, for the most part, Republican legislatures doing that. ” Despite not being perfect, as Mr. Blow says, the Democratic Party  —   Hillary Clinton in particular  —   has overwhelming support from black voters. A recent poll shows Mrs. Clinton with 91 percent of the black vote, compared to 1 percent for Mr. Trump. I ask Ms. Alcindor whether Mrs. Clinton has earned that. She thought back to what she heard while covering Bernie Sanders. “Bernie Sanders would say this thing: ‘People don’t know me, which is why they’re not flocking to me.   don’t know me,’ ” she recalls. “I think that the voters that Bernie Sanders thought were ignoring him because they didn’t know him  —   I think they knew who Bernie Sanders was. “  that I interviewed, they knew exactly who Bernie Sanders was,” she says, “and they weren’t picking him. They were picking Hillary Clinton. ” Please let us know what you think of The  . You can reach us at therunup@nytimes. com, or find me on Twitter. You can also rate and review us on iTunes. From a desktop or laptop, you can listen by pressing play on the button above. Or if you’re on a mobile device, the instructions below will help you find and subscribe to the series. On your iPhone or iPad: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Podcasts” with a purple icon. (This link might help.) 2. Search for the series. Tap on the “search” magnifying glass icon at the bottom of the screen, type in “The  ” and select it from the list of results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, tap on the “subscribe” button to have new episodes sent to your phone for free. You may want to adjust your notifications to be alerted when a new episode arrives. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, tap on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode. On your Android phone or tablet: 1. Open your podcast app. It’s a   app called “Play Music” with an    icon. (This link might help.) 2. Search for the series. Click on the magnifying glass icon at the top of the screen, search for the name of the series and select it from the list of results. You may have to scroll down to find the “Podcasts” search results. 3. Subscribe. Once on the series page, click on the word “subscribe” to have new episodes sent to your phone for free. 4. Or just sample. If you would rather listen to an episode or two before deciding to subscribe, click on the episode title from the list on the series page. If you have an internet connection, you’ll be able to stream the episode.",0
4822,Woman Arrested On Own Property After Her Land Was Stolen By DAPL,"By Whitney Webb at trueactivist.com
Cyndy Coppola was arrested for standing on her own property as she tried to block Dakota Access Pipeline construction equipment from crossing her land.
Once again, the repression of those against the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) is heating up, with 127 activists arrested in North Dakota over the weekend. However, North Dakota isn’t the only place where protests over the Dakota Access pipeline are coming to a head. In Iowa, farmers have had their land seized by the company behind the pipeline, Energy Transfer Partners, through the use of eminent domain. Eminent domain has been legal in the US since 1888, thanks to the passage of the Condemnation Act . The law authorizes the federal government to take private property for public use. However, in 1906, the law was amended to allow for the seizure of private property even if it only benefited private parties (e.g., corporations), not the public. The argument for this was that corporate seizure of private land “helps” the public through economic development. Yet, what the law essentially means is that even your own land doesn’t belong to you if the government or government-supported corporations want it.
A sad, yet accurate example of eminent domain gone wrong took place last week in Calhoun County, Iowa. Cyndy Coppola was arrested over the weekend on her own property for trying to block access to DAPL trucks from hauling pipeline construction materials through her land. DAPL first received access to Coppola’s farm through the use of eminent domain, which granted Energy Transfer Partners easements to her property. Coppola remarked that watching the morally wrong seizure of the farm she worked so hard for was difficult to handle.",0
4823,Tips for Your Post-Holiday Clutter Purge - The New York Times,"With the year winding down and New Year’s resolutions just around the corner, it’s time to gear up for that   clutter purge. But the thought of tackling the kitchen junk drawer  —   or even taking down the decorations  —   can be overwhelming. So to help motivate you, several organizing professionals offered tips on how to streamline your closets, beat back the toys taking over the living room and, yes, finally deal with that junk drawer. START WITH THE HOLIDAY TRAPPINGS To keep plastic ornaments and Hanukkah candles organized, use small containers you already have on hand, like popcorn and cookie tins or empty shoeboxes and egg cartons. Wrap fragile ornaments in leftover tissue paper or newspaper, or invest in storage containers like archival ornament boxes from the Container Store. For strings of lights and garlands, use zip ties to avoid tangles and put them in plastic bags labeled according to use (tree lights, porch lights, balcony, bushes, etc. ). Zip ties can also be used on wreaths, so that they can be hung on coat hangers and covered with plastic garment bags from the dry cleaner. To avoid a stockpile of holiday cards, “save only those that are meaningful and special,” Tova Weinstock, a professional organizer in Brooklyn, said. “For the others, appreciate them as you receive them and then kindly send them to the trash. ” EDIT YOUR CLOSET Eliminating clothes you never wear is easier said than done. “I don’t believe in ‘If you haven’t used or worn something in a year, get rid of it,’” said Laura Cattano, another organizer in Brooklyn. “How you want to live moving forward is a much better guide for editing than whether or not you actually have used something in the past. ” Focus on the image you would like to project, she said, then start at one end of the closet and review each piece, pulling out those you know you can toss, donate or sell. Try on anything you haven’t worn in a while and consider how it makes you feel or if it could be styled differently. Clothes you have forgotten about could be “your new favorite thing,” she said, while there may be some pieces you wear all the time that should be retired. (If you subscribe to the Marie Kondo method of decluttering, ask yourself, “Does it ‘spark joy? ’”) Sort clothes by type, grouping pants together, then shirts or blouses, jackets or dresses. “If you can’t see it, you won’t wear it,” said Sharon Lowenheim, an organizer on the Upper East Side of Manhattan and the founder of the Organizing Goddess. “So remove dry cleaning bags and hang only one item per hanger. ” Arranging shirts by sleeve length, with the shortest at the front, makes them easier to find, said Ms. Lowenheim, who also subscribes to a rotation method: selecting garments to wear from the front of each section, then hanging them up toward the back after they are cleaned. “If you find yourself continually bypassing an item at the front, that is a signal to you that you just don’t like that item,” she said. “Get rid of it. ” Another way to keep your closet streamlined is to store   clothes out of sight, said Faith Roberson, an organizer in Manhattan and the founder of Organize With Faith. When clothes have been put away for half the year and you’ve done fine without them, “it changes your perspective,” she said. “You can honestly ask yourself, ‘Do I actually love this piece? And if I don’t, why am I holding onto it? ’” TACKLE THE TOYS Organizing pros agree that the best way to keep toys from taking over is to get children involved in selecting some to donate. “Finding a charity that provides toys to less fortunate children is very motivating for a child,” said Ms. Lowenheim, whose    daughter purged her playthings in this manner before each birthday and holiday, starting when she was a toddler. Before that, Ms. Lowenheim said, she would sneak into her daughter’s room while she was sleeping to gather up the games and stuffed animals she was no longer playing with. “When she was around 3, she started noticing if something was missing and would ask me about it,” Ms. Lowenheim said. “At that point, I realized that I had to involve her in the process. ” If they cooperate, be sure to respect their decision, Ms. Roberson said, even if they choose something you wouldn’t have. “Parents think about the money they’ve spent,” she said, or the sentimental value, which can make them reluctant to let go of that American Girl doll or the train set from Aunt Joan. Another strategy is to encourage them to sell the toys they no longer play with, either online or at a garage sale, and keep the proceeds for themselves. Once the toys have been pared down, Ms. Roberson swears by clear shoe or sweater drawers for storage. “They are stackable, they have dividers, are easy to clean, easy to label, and they come in four different sizes,” she said. To help maintain order, “label where each toy goes,” said Ms. Lowenheim, who recommends installing a tall bookcase and putting paints, jigsaw puzzles and other games that tend to leave a mess on the highest shelf. If your child is too young to read, label the containers with stickers or pictures. If everything has “a home” to return to at the end of the day, she said, cleanup will be easier. AND THAT JUNK DRAWER . .. “Don’t waste your time standing over the drawer sifting through it piece by piece,” Ms. Roberson said. Dump everything onto the floor or countertop, divide it into piles and then ask yourself: Do I want it? Does it work? Does it need to be in the junk drawer? If not, where else could it go? “Take it easy, and go pile by pile,” she said. Put things where they belong (like that miniature tube of toothpaste you got from the dentist that should go in your toiletries bag) and discard things you don’t need, like old keys and expired batteries and coupons. To ward off atrophy, buy a drawer organizer, suggested Ms. Lowenheim, who uses expandable drawer organizers from Staples in her own home. “The key thing is to measure the drawer, then find the organizer that best fits the space,” she said. “If it’s too small, it won’t help. ” The reward? “Keeping everything sorted by type,” she said, “will make it easier for you to find something when you need it. ”",0
4824,Comment on We have a winner! by YouKnowWho,"  Dr. Eowyn | 1 Comment . . for FOTM’s 135th Caption Contest! 
I think this was a quite difficult and challenging contest, which is reflected in the number and quality of entries. 
That being said, the top captions are all really funny. 
As usual, FOTM ‘s writers duly voted, each for what he/she considered to be the best (#1) and second-best (#2) captions. Each #1 vote is worth 4 points; each #2 vote is worth 2 points. 
And the winner of FOTM ’s 135th Caption Contest, with two #1 votes and one #2 vote, totaling 10 points, is . . . youknowwho! 
Here’s the winning caption: Hillary won?!?!? I’m outta here. 
Dan and drmrs are in 2nd place, each with one #1 vote and one #2 vote, totaling 6 points each. Here are their respective captions: 
“…so now that you’ve heard all the details of my transitioning from Chastity to Chuck…” 
I need those 72 virgins now to relieve the stress of this infidel. 
Lola is in 3rd place, with one #1 vote and 4 points. Here is her caption: 
“As Hillary tells us, we are Stronger Together.” 
MomOfIV and Timewavvs are in 4th place, each with one #2 vote and 2 points. Here are their respective captions: 
Ahmed had the misfortune of being seated next to a pompous CNN anchor who talks nonstop of how great Hillary Clinton is….. 
OMG. No, I said “Vaseline” Well done, everyone! 
Here’s your fancy-schmancy Award Certificate of Great Excellence, all ready for framing! LOL 

For all the other caption submissions, go here . 
Be here tomorrow for our next very exciting Caption Contest! 
Seen any good pics that you think would be great for our Caption Contest? Email them to us! 
FOTM4ever@gmail.com",0
4825,"Les BRICS doivent faire face à la guerre financière des États-Unis, par Ariel Noyola Rodríguez","Les BRICS doivent faire face à la guerre financière des États-Unis par Ariel Noyola Rodríguez Pour faire face à la guerre financière provoquée par les États-Unis, il est urgent que les BRICS renforcent leurs liens de coopération dans les domaines de l’économie et de la finance. La nouvelle banque de développement des BRICS devrait augmenter son volume de prêts, de même que leur fond de réserves. En outre, les BRICS devraient mettre en œuvre dès que possible leur propre agence de notation. Pour intensifier la cohésion économique, la mise en œuvre d’une zone de libre-échange devrait faire tomber les barrières tarifaires et ainsi augmenter sensiblement les échanges entre eux. En bref, si des mesures appropriées ne sont pas prises dans les meilleurs délais, les BRICS courent le risque de sombrer au cours du prochain ouragan financier.
Réseau Voltaire | Mexico (Mexique) | 27 octobre 2016 Les 15 et 16 octobre a eu lieu dans l’État de Goa (Inde) le huitième sommet du BRICS – Brésil, Russie, Inde, Chine et Afrique du Sud. Nous devons reconnaître que la réunion a eu lieu dans le contexte d’une situation profondément critique pour l’économie mondiale. Cependant, les BRICS ont montré, une fois de plus, leur capacité extraordinaire à transformer un mauvais moment en une occasion d’approfondir leurs liens à partir d’un point de vue stratégique.
Après que les économies des BRICS ont bénéficié d’un âge d’or, au cours des dernières années, les taux de croissance ont subi un ralentissement drastique. Face à cette situation difficile, les BRICS ont maintenant, plus que jamais, besoin de tirer avantage des institutions financières qu’ils ont présentées au monde il y a quelques années à Fortaleza (Brésil), lors de leur sixième sommet [ 1 ].
En avril dernier, la Nouvelle Banque de développement a fait son premier prêt [ 2 ] pour plus de 800 millions de dollars et on estime qu’en 2017, les prêts pourraient atteindre 2 500 millions de dollars [ 3 ]. En outre, en juillet de cette année, l’institution financière a mené à bien une réalisation historique avec l’émission des ‘green bonds’ – obligations vertes – en yuans, pour un montant équivalent à 450 millions de dollars [ 4 ]. Ces instruments financiers, tout en augmentant l’influence de la monnaie chinoise à l’échelle mondiale, servent à financer de grands projets d’investissement.
Pendant ce temps, le fond de réserve (CRA, pour son sigle en anglais), d’une valeur de 100 milliards de dollars, est prêt à ouvrir ses premières lignes de crédit afin de stabiliser la balance des paiements des BRICS, comme l’a annoncé le ministre des Finances indien, Arun Jaitley [ 5 ]. Chaque fois que la Réserve fédérale des États-Unis (FED) évoque, comme à l’habitude, la menace d’une augmentation des taux d’intérêt fédéraux, déclenchant ainsi une nouvelle crise financière mondiale, il est urgent que les BRICS augmentent le plus rapidement possible les ressources monétaires de leur fond de stabilisation, sinon ils courent le risque de dommages graves suite aux paris spéculatifs des grandes banques d’investissement.
En même temps, les BRICS ont besoin d’ouvrir de nouveaux fronts pour défier ouvertement l’hégémonie des États-Unis et du dollar dans le système financier international [ 6 ], non seulement en commerçant avec les monnaies locales, mais aussi, par exemple, par le biais de l’accumulation de réserves en yuan dans leurs banques centrales, d’autant plus que la monnaie du peuple – le renminbi en chinois – a officiellement été admise, le 1er octobre dernier, dans le panier des monnaies d’élite soutenant les droits de tirage spéciaux créés par le Fonds monétaire international (FMI) à la fin des années 1960 [ 7 ].
En outre, les BRICS ont la capacité d’articuler une alliance financière grâce aux puissants liens géopolitiques entre l’Amérique latine, l’Asie, l’Afrique et le Moyen-Orient. Les banques régionales de développement, qui sont façonnées principalement par des pays périphériques, peuvent bien servir cet objectif, qu’il s’agisse de la Banque asiatique pour les investissements dans l’infrastructure (AIIB, pour son sigle en anglais), de la Banque de l’ALBA (Alliance bolivarienne pour les peuples de Notre Amérique) et même de la Banque du Sud, qui va enfin démarrer avant la fin de cette année.
La mise en œuvre d’une agence de notation propre est également devenue un besoin urgent pour les BRICS, afin de se libérer de l’écrasante domination maintenue par les États-Unis à travers Fitch, Moody’s et Standard & Poor’s [ 8 ]. Ces trois agences de notation, plutôt que de conduire des évaluations à partir de critères techniques, agissent principalement par des impulsions [téléguidées, NdT] de nature politique. Ce mode de fonctionnement en fait une authentique machine de guerre : dégradant les notes des obligations souveraines et augmentant ainsi les coûts d’emprunt dans des pays tels que la Grèce, la Russie ou le Venezuela, de façon spectaculaire.
La cohésion économique est un autre défi majeur, bien qu’il n’y ait aucun doute qu’elle se soit substantiellement développée au cours des dernières années, entre 2001 et 2015, le commerce entre les BRICS en proportion de leur commerce total a doublé, passant 6 à 12% [ 9 ]. La Chine est de loin l’économie la plus intégrée avec les autres BRICS. En revanche, les liens entre des pays comme l’Inde et l’Afrique du Sud sont marginaux. La même chose est vraie entre le Brésil et la Russie. Ceci dénote la grande pertinence de la prochaine mise en œuvre d’une zone de libre-échange entre les BRICS [ 10 ]. Cependant, en plus d’abattre les barrières commerciales entre eux, les BRICS doivent promouvoir ensemble la construction de chaînes de valeur, par l’intégration de leurs systèmes de production, afin d’encourager l’industrialisation des pays les moins favorisés.
En conclusion, il y a de nombreux défis à l’horizon pour ces cinq puissances émergentes. Je suis convaincu que, pour la suite, le succès des BRICS dépendra de la capacité qu’ils auront à se réinventer, de leur créativité dans l’expression de nouvelles dimensions de la coopération pour atteindre leurs objectifs à plus long terme. Face à la nouvelle guerre financière que prépare l’Amérique, il est à nouveau temps pour les BRICS de revenir à la charge…
Ariel Noyola Rodríguez Traduction
JJ
site : Le Saker Francophone
Source
Russia Today (Russie)",0
4826,Colombia and FARC Reach Deal to End the Americas’ Longest War - The New York Times,"Colombia’s government and the largest rebel group in the country have reached a deal to end more than 50 years of conflict, the two sides announced Wednesday, paving the way for an end to the   war in the Americas. For four years, the Colombian government and the rebels have been locked in negotiations. Time and again, they have emerged from the negotiating table to assure a weary public that another impasse had been eliminated, another hurdle cleared. This time, the two sides declared that a final deal had been clinched. “Today begins the end of the suffering, the pain and the tragedy of war,” President Juan Manuel Santos said in a nationally televised address after the agreement was announced. “Let’s open the door together to a new stage in our history. ” The agreement, reached in Havana where the talks took place, effectively signifies the end of the last major guerrilla struggle in Latin America. It outlines a timetable in which the rebels, known as the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, will abandon their arms. It also sets out a pathway in which former fighters will enter civilian life again  —   and in some cases, run for office. But to most Colombians, the deal is simply a promise that the war, which has lasted 52 years, claimed some 220, 000 lives and displaced more than five million people, is at last coming to an end. Peace in Colombia now looks more likely than ever, but a big hurdle still needs to be cleared before the deal is ratified. Mr. Santos, who has staked his legacy on a deal, must now sell it to his people, who will be asked to vote in an    referendum. Rallying against that approval is Mr. Santos’s predecessor, former President Álvaro Uribe, whose term ended in 2010 with the FARC diminished. Mr. Uribe is widely credited with the military gains that forced the rebels to the negotiating table. But he is now leading a growing campaign against the deal, saying it amounts to an unjust amnesty for the rebels. “They will spend zero days in prison, they will be awarded with political representation,” Paloma Valencia, a senator in Mr. Uribe’s party, said of the rebels. “This deal breaks the rule of law. ” Still, others hailed the deal as a major step for a country of 50 million people whose growing economy has long been hampered by the simple fact that the state does not control all of its territory. “It’s an enormous opportunity for the country to create a democratic state, which will allow us to live in peace,” said Maria Emma Wills, a political analyst at the National Center for Historical Memory, a government research group. She warned, “The deal has strong political opposition, and the next job is going to be public advocacy for it. ” The war remains one of the most emotionally charged issues in Colombia, characterized by kidnappings and the massacre of civilians caught between the rebels and the military. Waves of Colombians left the country fearing the violence. Few who remained were untouched by it. The rebels and the government had been inching toward a final deal for months. In June, the two sides announced a   and said that the rebels had agreed to lay down their arms. A month before, the government and the FARC declared that they had reached an agreement to release child soldiers from rebel custody, another step that helped push the negotiations toward their final stages. Now the two sides say they have settled many of the last sticking points that kept them at loggerheads for years. But even if the deal is approved by the public, its success is anything but guaranteed. Will it be accepted by all rebels, who vowed to bring a Marxist revolution to Colombia but are being asked to accept far less? How will thousands of guerrillas  —   many of whom were kidnapped as children and know only life in the jungle  —   find their way into mainstream society, and will they be accepted there? And perhaps most crucially: Will the rebels give up not only their weapons, but their control of the lucrative drug trade as well? The State Department calls the FARC a terrorist organization that “controls the majority of cocaine manufacturing and distribution within Colombia, and is responsible for much of the world’s cocaine supply. ” The FARC’s top commander, Rodrigo Londoño, who uses the alias Timochenko, helped set the group’s policies for “the production, manufacture and distribution of hundreds of tons of cocaine,” and for the killing of hundreds of people who interfered, the State Department adds. Two FARC peace negotiators were named in a 2006 federal indictment, charged with helping to make the organization a narcotics powerhouse responsible for more than “60 percent of the cocaine sent to the United States. ” Still, the peace deal makes   promises to reshape a   Colombia. In a nod to longstanding grievances among the rebels, the government promised to make significant investments in rural areas, which the rebels say have long been neglected at the expense of cities like Bogotá. Far more contentious, however, has been the subject of what will become of the rebels themselves. For decades, the FARC financed its insurgency by kidnapping people and holding them for ransom, a business that terrorized thousands, including a former presidential candidate who was held for years. The agreement tries to resolve past grievances with the stroke of a pen: Under a   transitional justice system, all but the most grievous crimes may be resolved with reduced sentences. Silvio Hernández, whose son Erik was a soldier killed by the rebels in combat in 2011, said he felt the agreement would not bring justice. “The FARC are not going to pay for the crime against my son,” he said. “It’s good that we are reaching peace, but this leaves me with many doubts. ”",0
4827,Kering’s Latest Luxury: A Generous Parental Leave Policy - The New York Times,"Kering, the French   group that owns the brands Alexander McQueen, Saint Laurent and Gucci, among others, and has made something of a mission out of championing women’s rights  —   with initiatives like the Chime for Change campaign for female empowerment, the “Women in Motion” talks for film industry professionals and a partnership with the United Nations Women French National Committee  —   has put its   policy where its cause is. Also, probably not coincidentally, where its customer base is. Last week, the conglomerate  announced a new   policy that, to many, might seem like a luxury itself: a minimum of 14 weeks of paid maternity or adoptive leave and five days of paternity or partner leave, beginning Jan. 1, 2017 for all employees who have worked there for more than a year. What made the move unusual was that the group, which operates in nearly 60 countries and employs more than 38, 000 people, established the policy across all brands and all locations. “These decisions are usually made country by country and not across borders,” said Ariane Hegewisch, the program director of employment and earnings at the Institute for Women’s Policy Research. “Human resource management, such as benefit policies and pay levels, is very influenced by national legislation, labor markets and the union structures in different countries. ” Previously, Kering’s various brands set their own policies, in compliance with local regulations. That means its   employees in the U. S. where federal law mandates only 12 weeks unpaid time off for new parents, were offered either no compensated time off or a combination of paid and unpaid leave. Meanwhile, Kering’s Italian contingent  —   about 7, 000 people  —   was given 22 weeks of maternity leave and three to four days of paternity leave with at least 80 percent of the salary paid out. That approach is not atypical in luxury, an industry focused on attracting women (80 percent of Kering’s consumers are women). Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, or LVMH, which owns fashion houses like Dior, Givenchy and Marc Jacobs, has different policies in different places, as does Prada Group, an umbrella organization for Prada, Miu Miu, Church’s and more, as well as   Heusen, which owns Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, among others. But Kering’s move has placed it among a growing list of multinational companies, including Nestlé, L’Oreal and Spotify, that have set minimum   standards across all geographic zones where their employees work in the last few years. LVMH is set to follow in Kering’s footsteps this spring with a program called “Coeur Social,” which will include a global   policy. A report by the Center for American Progress argued that companies are taking these actions to balance out discrepancies in benefits across regions, in particular the unequal leave policies between the U. S. and most other nations (research focusing on members of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and a few other nations found that the U. S. was the only one that didn’t mandate paid parental leave). “I think these companies realize they can retain women who leave and come back, and that is a real cost saver for them,” said Myra H. Strober, a professor of economics at the Stanford Graduate School of Business. “It’s very much an economic decision for them, and that’s good, because those tend to stick. ” Among fashion, beauty and retail companies that have made their   policies public, Kering’s offer of 14 paid weeks for mothers and parents who adopt stands out. “This is a private company, so an investment of 14 weeks is high,” said Ms. Hegewisch. By comparison, Patagonia, considered a leader in sustainability, gives its workers 80 days of maternity leave and 60 days of paternity leave, both paid. Toms Shoes offers eight weeks for all parents Jane. com gives 30 days of maternity or adoptive leave Old Navy allows 60 days of   unpaid maternity leave and   Heusen offers   weeks paid for birthing mothers and six weeks paid for all other parents. Still, Ms. Hegewisch expressed surprise at the stark difference between Kering’s maternity and paternity leaves. Though Kering brands such as Gucci and Bottega Veneta have decided to merge genders on the runway, they haven’t made the same leap in leave policies. “Five days is really very minimal,” she said of the company’s paternity leave. According to someone familiar with the discussions at Kering who was not authorized to speak, the company based the number of days on recommendations from the International Labor Organization, which adopted a resolution in 2000 stating that women should be entitled to a minimum of 14 weeks maternity leave, but hasn’t established any formal guidelines for paternity leave. Kering declined to comment publicly on the policies beyond its announcement last week. Ms. Strober noted that there’s more of an uphill battle in getting fathers to take time off, even when it’s available to them. “Even when companies have more generous   policies, fathers don’t always take advantage of them,” she said. “It took years of Sweden having a national program giving men paternity leave before they began to take it. ” She added: “Eventually  —   don’t ask me when  —   men and women will have the same parental leaves and they will all take them. But we’re not there yet. ”",0
4828,U.S. Takes A Stab At A No Fly Zone In Two Places – Syria And Standing Rock,"Activist Post 
As the United States marches forward with its war of terror abroad it is, as predicted by researchers and informed observers many years ago, clamping down on the domestic population at home. Indeed, it is virtually inevitable that the great eating machine of the empire returns home to be turned on the people who ignored it while it was grinding up so many innocent lives overseas. 
So as the war drums beat louder and as America eeks closer toward the impending Clinton coronation and the possibility of the declaration of yet another “ no fly zone ,” this time over Syria, becomes more and more likely, it is poetic justice that a no-fly zone is being declared inside the United States. 
While Russia stands in the way of America’s march to create Libya 2.0 in Syria, there is no one willing and virtually no one able to stand in the way of America’s declaration of war on itself, personified by the vicious police state brutality being visited upon the protestors at Standing Rock – indigenous and otherwise – and the crackdown on virtually every amendment to the Constitution including the arrest of demonstrators and journalists, some of whom are facing incredibly ridiculous amounts of time in jail. 
Indeed, the United States has even declared a no-fly zone over the protest area, preventing media coverage of the ensuing bravery of the protestors and brutality of the “Serve and protect” crew who are willing to bash every skull and crush every human right in the quest to “just do their jobs.” 
One need only take a look at the photos of the protestors vs the heavily armed and militarized police (can we still call them police?) forces amassed around the location to see the crumbling of America into the police state foreseen for Western countries as the rug gets pulled out from under them economically, socially, and culturally despite their use as tools of imperialism abroad. The blunt hammer of Anglo-American hegemony that is the United States is falling apart even as it continues to strike at Syria, Iran, and Russia. 
While police can murder with impunity and Black Lives Matter activists can destroy cities at will, Standing Rock protestors are charged with high crimes for spray painting bulldozers and journalists who dare to even cover the protests are arrested and charged with trespassing, inciting riots, and conspiracy. Even left gate keepers like Amy Goodman have been charged with such crimes. But, while Goodman’s charges were eventually dropped, other journalists such as Deia Schlosberg are facing 45 years in prison simply for filming a protest that involved the disruption of the pipeline’s operations. 
In regards to the current events taking place at Standing Rock, Jay Syrmopoulos writes , 
This latest flashpoint in the ongoing conflict is north of the larger and more permanent encampments, which have been constructed on federally owned land where over 200 Native American tribes have gathered to oppose the pipeline’s construction. 
On Wednesday, a heavily militarized law enforcement presence began mobilizing heavy equipment, including Humvees, armored personnel carriers, and buses and demanded the protesters leave the occupied area. 
In an ominous sign, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has restricted flights , and banned the use of drones within a radius of about 4 ½ miles of Cannon Ball. The FAA declared that only aircraft affiliated with the North Dakota Tactical Operation Center are allowed within the restricted airspace. The flight restriction went into effect Wednesday and will last until November 5. 
Indian Country Today reports : 
What began with prayers and a single tipi alongside Highway 1806 quickly grew to more than a dozen tipis surrounded by tents, buses, cars and hundreds of water protectors. Some are calling it the “1851 Treaty Camp” to acknowledge their Treaty rights. 
Across the road is the encroaching pipeline and a heavily militarized police force with armored vehicles, helicopters, planes, ATVs and busloads of officers. Tensions are growing as unarmed citizens worry that police will use unnecessarily harsh tactics. 
In recent weeks, nearly 300 unarmed water protectors who were arrested have been subjected to pepper spray, strip-searches, delayed bail, exaggerated charges and physical violence, according to interviews with several who were taken into custody. The ACLU and National Lawyers Guild recently sent attorneys to Standing Rock to help the Red Owl Collective, a team of volunteer lawyers headed by attorney Bruce Ellison, who are representing many of those arrested. 
The massive law enforcement contingent, consisting of sheriff’s deputies and officers from numerous other states and counties, as well as National Guard, began staging near the encampment — with scores of Armored Personnel Carriers, buses and Humvees poised at the ready. 
“At some point the rule of law has to be enforced,” Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney said Wednesday. “We could go down there at any time. We’re trying not to.” 
Dakota Access LLC, the pipeline developer released a statement encouraging trespassers to “vacate the land immediately” or be “removed from the land.” 
“Alternatively and in coordination with local law enforcement and county/state officials, all trespassers will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and removed from the land,” the company said. “Lawless behavior will not be tolerated.” 
Just days ago, sheriff’s officials had said earlier they didn’t have the resources to immediately remove activists from the private land, about 50 miles south of Bismarck. Subsequently, law enforcement officials put out a call for reinforcements, with hundreds of officers from out of state responding. 
So there is an official “no fly zone” over the Standing Rock protest (which can be seen here at the FAA website ) and, on the ground, we have an army of storm troopers no doubt eager to bust heads and fire off some rounds into a group of people who only want clean water, property rights, and the honoring of the legal agreements they signed. 
Across the ocean, however, we await another fly zone with the creeping Clinton coronation and possibly even a last stab by the Obama administration once the fix for Hitlery is officially in. 
In the last of three Presidential (in name only) debates, Clinton stated clearly her support for war in Syria by virtue of establishing a “no fly zone.” She stated , “I’m going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees but to, frankly, gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.” 
Of course, the establishment of a “No-Fly Zone” is tantamount to a declaration of war . Such has even been admitted by top U.S. Generals when explaining exactly what a No Fly Zone would entail. As General Carter Ham stated , 
We should make no bones about it. It first entails killing a lot of people and destroying the Syrian air defenses and those people who are manning those systems. And then it entails destroying the Syrian air force, preferably on the ground, in the air if necessary. This is a violent combat action that results in lots of casualties and increased risk to our own personnel. 
General Philip Breedlove also echoed this description when he said, 
I know it sounds stark, but what I always tell people when they talk to me about a no-fly zone is . . . it’s basically to start a war with that country because you are going to have to go in and kinetically take out their air defense capability 
When Senator Roger Wicker asked Gen. Joe Dunford what it would take to impose a no fly zone upon Syria, the General responded , “Right now… for us to control all of the airspace in Syria would require us to go to war against Syria and Russia.” 
Thus, the entire Western “sphere of influence” is slowly descending down to become a place of no fly zones, riot police, and a boot slowly stamping on the human face. At home, those individuals who resist the “new normal” will be steadily dealt with either by economic hardship or a rude reminder that dissenters will be silence, imprisoned, or killed. 
Elsewhere, however, the Anglo-American system has begun to encounter nations who are not only willing to fight back but who are able to do so. A dying empire caught in its death throes, trying to remain alive by creating the “absence of dissent” might well launch a third world war with a nuclear power as a last stab at hegemony. 
On the other hand, Rome could just burn slowly. 
Rest assured, however, the skies above the city will be empty. Brandon Turbeville – article archive here – is the author of seven books, Codex Alimentarius — The End of Health Freedom , 7 Real Conspiracies , Five Sense Solutions and Dispatches From a Dissident, volume 1 and volume 2 , The Road to Damascus: The Anglo-American Assault on Syria, and The Difference it Makes: 36 Reasons Why Hillary Clinton Should Never Be President . Turbeville has published over 850 articles on a wide variety of subjects including health, economics, government corruption, and civil liberties. Brandon Turbeville’s radio show Truth on The Tracks can be found every Monday night 9 pm EST at UCYTV . His website is BrandonTurbeville.com He is available for radio and TV interviews. Please contact activistpost (at) gmail.com . 
This article may be freely shared in part or in full with author attribution and source link .",0
4829,UC Berkeley Bans Ann Coulter – But She Plans to Speak Anyway! - Breitbart,"The campus that is the home of the historical free speech movement, UC Berkeley, has banned conservative commentator and author Ann Coulter, citing security threats. [According to Young America’s Foundation, student organizers of an upcoming Ann Coulter event at the university were emailed by Berkeley administrators who claimed they were unable to “find a safe suitable venue” for Coulter.  “Young America’s Foundation, BridgeCal and Berkeley College Republicans have been working together to produce a lecture at   on April 27, 2017, by Ann Coulter, a   bestselling author, whose book, ‘Adios, America!’  —   a No. 2 New York Times bestseller  —   is widely credited with shaping President Donald Trump’s immigration views,” announced Young America’s Foundation in a press release, Wednesday. “The topic of her speech was immigration. ” “  a   university, first imposed a series of ridiculous requirements on the speech allegedly in the name of ‘safety.’ Coulter, we were informed, would be required to deliver her speech in the afternoon only students would be allowed to attend and the speech location would not be announced until close to the event,” they continued. “Against our advice, Coulter agreed to all these requirements. In return, she requested two measures, which actually had something to do with safety. ” 1) That the University of California chancellor request that the Oakland chief of police refrain from telling his men to stand down and ignore   by rioters attempting to shut down conservative speakers, as he has done in the past and, 2) That   announce in advance that any students engaging in violence, mayhem or heckling to prevent an invited speaker from speaking would be expelled. As Coulter explained, “If Berkeley wants to have free speech, it can have it. ” The university’s response was to ban her speech. “This is as   a case as it gets that public universities are using taxpayer dollars to shut down conservative speech, while allowing liberal speech only,” Young America’s Foundation proclaimed. “  has for example, welcomed the corrupt former President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, who has cursed at and mocked Donald Trump, currently the President of the United States. The university, and   chancellor Janet Napolitano personally, have revealed themselves to be using taxpayer money for an unconstitutional purpose. Even after Coulter went along with their ruses and guises to shut down her speech, they simply announced, like Kim Jung Un, that it was cancelled. ” “We have no intention of acceding to these unconstitutional acts,” the organization concluded. “The Ann Coulter lecture sponsored by Young America’s Foundation will go forward. ” Ron Robinson, the President of Young America’s Foundation, further declared in a quote that “Berkeley disappoints anyone who really believes in free speech. ” “Their actions to ban conservatives while giving leftists a platform reinforces this fact,” Robinson claimed. “It’s a shame that Berkeley is robbing its students of the opportunity to receive a   education. ” Just last week, an event with conservative commentator and former Breitbart contributor David Horowitz was also canceled at UC Berkeley. “Administrators have banned Horowitz from speaking on the campus proper and have assigned him a facility half a mile away,” a press release from the David Horowitz Freedom Center claimed last week. “Administrators insisted Horowitz could speak only at 1 PM when afternoon classes are starting and most students would have difficulty attending. ” The David Horowitz Freedom Center also added that Berkeley administrators had “taken a page out of Orwell. ” In February, an event at the college with former Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos was also derailed after   students in masks violently shut down the show —   setting fire to property, charging buildings, smashing windows, and assaulting attendees. “ ” started several fires, smashed windows and ATMs, looted downtown stores, attacked cars, and assaulted dozens of MILO fans, male and female, who they falsely accused of being “Nazis. ” The San Francisco Chronicle reported that rioters caused around $100, 000 in damages at UC Berkeley, while the damage to downtown Berkeley was reported to be around $400, 000 to $500, 000.   Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
4831,SCOTUS Throws Cold Water Early on Obama’s Partisan Gerrymandering Project,"The U. S. Supreme Court made headlines Monday with its acceptance of a case that argues whether legislative maps can be ruled unconstitutional simply due to the partisan advantages that may be gained from their designs. Some election law experts contend the matter is a means to an end in transferring redistricting powers —  commonly held in legislative branches —  to commissions not directly answerable to the electorate. [Picking up the case after a   panel ruled that Wisconsin Republicans   legislative boundaries in 2010 with the intent to dilute opposition voting strength, the Supreme Court paused the lower court’s immediate remedy that maps be reconfigured in time for the 2018 Election prior to the 2021 revamp. Court watchers of all varieties, including proponents of the lawsuit, took the halt as an early indicator that some   groups’ hopes for a new weapon against largely Republican legislatures may not be handed down any time soon.  Redistricting litigation is by no means a rarity, regardless of how far removed a case may be from the last decennial census or even if the boundaries are actually enforced at the time. Conventional scenarios allege that particular political jurisdictions are drawn presenting risks or evidence of racial discrimination, violating the U. S. Constitution and the Voting Rights Act. Gill v. Whitford, however, offers a different framework that the Supreme Court has demonstrated great difficulty in tackling in the recent past. Rather than making a detailed,   case that specific boundaries were drawn to harm minority voters, Whitford makes a broad argument against Wisconsin’s legislative boundaries statewide, arguing that Republicans are impermissibly tipping the scales at the expense of Democrat voters. Some critics of such maps also admit that a racial undercurrent can exist with a partisan gerrymandering complaint. In response, Wisconsin has pushed hard against the allegations and seeks a landmark ruling that partisan gerrymandering claims are not justiciable. The Supreme Court has been here before in 2004 thanks to a Pennsylvania case. The Court fractured on whether it should hear a partisan claim: Rehnquist, O’Connor, Scalia, and Thomas found the case was governed by the   doctrine and lacked proper jurisdiction while Stevens, Ginsberg, Souter, and Breyer opted to proceed. Anthony Kennedy voted with the conservative bloc on the question of the Pennsylvania case’s hearing, but would not foreclose future challenges. Typically a niche area even among the most dedicated politicos, redistricting has demonstrated improving   potential, especially as the Democrat Party continues to dedicate assets and architecture to chart a path out of the political wilderness. The Washington Post reported shortly after the court announcement Monday that former President Barack Obama would dedicate energy toward improving the party’s chances in the next mapping cycle. In addition, the National Democratic Redistricting Committee, chaired by former Attorney General Eric Holder and Clinton campaign alum Marc Elias promises “a comprehensive,   Democratic Party redistricting strategy over the next 5 years and beyond. ” Instead of fighting for the civil rights of all voters like previously advertised in   ID campaigns, the Democrats make clear their intentions: [T]he NDRC was created in 2016 to build a targeted,    strategy that ensures Democrats can produce fairer maps in the 2021 redistricting process. With fairer maps, Democrats can rebuild the party from the state level, and secure a stable federal majority for the decade to come. Looking beyond Whitford, some election law experts note that   reform efforts are coalescing around the concept that removes legislators —  and their constituents by extension —  further from the redistricting process favoring of a commission approach like seen in a dozen states. Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Missouri, Montana, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Washington currently utilize such systems. The makeup of the bodies can range in size and placement mechanism —  commonly relying on executive or legislative leadership to select participants. Iowa utilizes a hybrid format while Ohio is slated to join the cohort in the next mapping cycle. Critics argue that a disconnect from the full wrath of the electorate is harmful. “  independent commissions remove accountability —  commissioners are not accountable to voters for what they do, unlike legislators,” says Hans von Spakovsky, a senior legal fellow for the Heritage Foundation. “Commissioners just move the politics of redistricting behind closed doors. ” Experts commonly note that the electoral yields of a map are not neatly predetermined by the political affiliation of its architect. Both the 2006 “Thumping” and 2010 “Shellacking” Elections occurred on largely the same body of legislative maps. Real redistricting reform, some argue, happens in the ballot box. “If you don’t like the partisan results in a redistricting plan passed by a legislature, go out and win more seats,” Public Interest Legal Foundation President J. Christian Adams explains. “The people should have the power to form their own legislative system and that should not be delegated to bureaucrats and commissions just because we don’t like the outcome. ” The Supreme Court recently waded into the redistricting wars in 2016 with a Texas case, Evenwel v. Abbott. Though not regarding any specific political boundaries, Evenwel sought a ruling that would prevent jurisdictions be drawn based on the total population of residents opting instead for lines based on citizenship data or registered voters. Plaintiffs argued that current practices gave densely populated areas a political subsidy of added representation thanks to the counting of noncitizens and others not eligible to vote. The   court ruled unanimously against the plaintiffs, though Justice Clarence Thomas noted in a concurring opinion that it was not the Court’s place to weigh in on such matters —  a sentiment that might be repeated in Whitford soon. Logan Churchwell is a founding editor of the Breitbart Texas team. You can follow him on Twitter @LCChurchwell. He also serves as the communications director for the Public Interest Legal Foundation.",0
4832,Second Powerful Earthquake Strikes Japan - The New York Times,"TOKYO  —   A powerful earthquake and multiple aftershocks rattled the southwestern Japanese island of Kyushu on Saturday, killing at least 23 people, according to media reports, two days after another strong quake killed nine people on the same island. The largest of the new earthquakes had a magnitude of 7. 0, according to the United States Geological Survey, making it even more powerful than the  .2 quake on Thursday night. The Japan Meteorological Agency assessed the new quake at magnitude 7. 3. Saturday’s quake, which struck just before 1:30 a. m. toppled houses and apartment buildings, buckled roads and caused numerous landslides. Aftershocks shook the area throughout Saturday, more than 70 of them strong enough to cause damage to buildings, the Meteorological Agency reported. NHK, the national public broadcaster, said 23 deaths were confirmed Saturday as a result of the quake and the aftershocks, bringing the toll since Thursday to 32. Most of those killed were elderly some were trapped under collapsed buildings, while several died in fires and landslides in the mountainous region. Yoshihide Suga, the government’s chief cabinet secretary, said rescue units were working to free people from more than 50 collapsed buildings. About 900 people were treated for injuries, NHK reported. Thousands fled their homes and spent the night outdoors or in temporary shelters. Power failures left about 160, 000 homes without electricity, the news media reported, citing local electric utilities. About 90, 000 people had left their homes for shelters by Saturday evening, the authorities said. Television footage showed dark smoke rising from Mount Aso, a large volcano about 20 miles east of the town of Mashiki, where the epicenters of the strongest of the recent quakes have been clustered. Earthquakes and volcanic activity are closely associated, but the authorities said the eruption at Mount Aso, the biggest active volcano in Japan, was minor and did not pose an immediate threat. Sections of a stone wall, centuries old, around Kumamoto Castle collapsed into the castle’s moat on Saturday morning. The castle had already sustained damage in the earthquake on Thursday. Several buildings at Aso Shrine, an ancient Shinto shrine on the north slope of Mount Aso that is considered a national treasure, also collapsed. The Meteorological Agency classified the quake that set the disaster in motion on Thursday as a “foreshock” of the even larger one on Saturday. It warned that strong earthquakes could continue for days until the seismic fault line under the area settled. Heavy rain was expected in the area starting Saturday night, which would increase the risk of landslides. In the town of   east of Mashiki, landslides tore the moorings from a   suspension bridge, causing it to plunge into a valley, and buried more than a dozen homes, NHK said. Two students in a university agricultural program died after a dormitory building in the town collapsed, the network said. The government said it was sending units from the army, known in Japan as the   Forces, and from police departments around the country to help with rescue efforts. The earthquakes since Thursday have been concentrated along a cluster of fault lines that bisect the island of Kyushu at its center, from southwest to northeast. The island, somewhat larger than the state of Maryland, is home to 13 million people, though most of it is rural and sparsely populated. The quake Saturday was the strongest to strike Japan since a massive, 9.  offshore earthquake in 2011, which unleashed a tsunami that killed 18, 000 people in the country’s northeast and triggered meltdowns at a nuclear power plant in Fukushima. Kyushu is home to the only Japanese nuclear power station currently in operation, the Sendai Nuclear Power Plant, about 75 miles southwest of Mashiki. Ground vibrations at Sendai were comparatively mild and were not threatening enough to trigger an automatic emergency shutdown, the Kyushu Electric Power Company said. The plant continued to operate normally on Saturday, the utility said.",0
4833,Putin: stupid and unrealistic claims of impending war,"link a reply to: Profusion I must point out to you, that his statements are accurate. What is more, they are entirely appropriate to the situation. As we speak, proxy war is being fought by the destabilising forces of IS, sponsored by Western nations and interests by the back door, against the Assad regime. That regime is an ally of Russia. I am tired of pointing these things out, but to suggest that Russia is the problem, when for most of the last two decades, there has been western sponsored terrorism all over the most volatile region of the planet, smacks to me of the most unutterable witlessness. Russia is not the problem. I would not go as far as to say that it never was, and lets face it, the Russian government are not clean handed. But here is the thing... Russia cannot dishonour the British. It cannot dishonour the Americans. It can only make choices that make its nation look bad, and many of the choices it has made, with specific regard to its ACTUAL war effort against terror in Syria, have been absolutely legitimate, especially since they were not the cause of the problems there in the least. No... only OUR nations governments can dishonour us, and dishonour us they do. Every gun that makes its way from America and Britain, into the hands of a terrorist, dishonours us. Every time those weapons we sell the terrorists by the back door, are used to kill an innocent, we are dishonoured, stained with blood we would not wish to be shed. Our leaders, those of America and Britain not to mention other allies, THEY are the problem here. Their meddling, proxy warring, greed and hunger for power are the problem. They are the problem because we pay the taxes that make it possible. They are the problem because we did not give them permission to do these things in our name, because we would not want these things done in our name, and because they are supposed to be our representatives. No backstabbing, soft handed, work shy bastard represents me. No assemblage of schemers and game players represents me. No such mob represents my people on their best day, because on our best day the British people are not cold, evil, calculating and prepared to screw anyone to succeed. On our best day, even the least of us has more fair play and determination to do right than our government have. The same can be said a thousand fold for the leadership of the United States. We are not evil people, and yet we have allowed evil people to usurp the purpose of the tithe taken from our labour, to turn our effort, sweat and blood, into bloodshed overseas. We have had enemies made for us, by people we have mindlessly elected to positions with which they cannot be trusted. And we have the gall to be concerned about RUSSIA? I despair, I absolutely despair! This is not a game, this is not politics, this is real life. We should be doing better with it, and we are not. We should not be sliding ever further to the right, and yet we are. We should not be accepting the programming, and yet that is precisely what is happening all over the world, and in the OP of this very post. We MUST take back control of our governments. We MUST prevent our leaders from continuing these outmoded concepts of proxy war and destabilisation. We MUST mend the things our leaders broke in our name, we MUST take responsibility for those things, and we must NEVER allow them to happen again. In the meantime, we must leave Russia to deal with the crisis in Syria, so that the nation can be rebuilt, its infrastructure repaired, its homes and cities bought back to a livable state, and so that we are not distracted by a war that could turn from a pantomime into an even greater tragedy than it already is. I tire of this bizarre and ridiculous charade that we are apparently too stupid to stop, too uncaring to prevent. It needs to end, and end today, yesterday, TEN DAMNED YEARS AGO OR MORE! Can we stop accepting the lies, the obfuscations, the programming we have been fed? Can we PLEASE start doing that as a group? Would that be too damned much to ask? Because to be quite frank, if we cannot even do that, then we deserve to burn in nuclear fire for a hundred years, because we are not going to do ourselves any favours continuing such a pathetic existence as our leaders have created for us, cattle like and willing to believe whatever we are told, except that the sound of the bolt gun ahead is anything to worry about. edit on 27-10-2016 by TrueBrit because: grammatical error correction.",0
4834,"North Korea Will Have the Skills to Make a Nuclear Warhead by 2020, Experts Say - The New York Times","North Korea’s fifth nuclear test is ominous not only because the country is slowly mastering atomic weaponry, but because it is making headway in developing missiles that could hurl nuclear warheads halfway around the globe, threatening Washington and New York City. The reclusive, hostile nation has been rushing to perfect missiles that are small, fast, light and surprisingly advanced, according to analysts and military officials. This spring and summer, Pyongyang successfully tested some of these missiles, while earlier efforts had fizzled or failed. “They’ve greatly increased the tempo of their testing  —   in a way, showing off their capabilities, showing us images of ground tests they could have kept hidden,” John Schilling, an aerospace engineer and expert on North Korea’s missile program, said in an interview on Friday. “This isn’t something that can be ignored anymore. It’s going to be a high priority for the next president. ” Military experts say that by 2020, Pyongyang will most likely have the skills to make a reliable intercontinental ballistic missile topped by a nuclear warhead. They also expect that by then North Korea may have accumulated enough nuclear material to build up to 100 warheads. Siegfried S. Hecker, a Stanford professor who has traveled to North Korea and who formerly directed the Los Alamos weapons lab in New Mexico, the birthplace of the atomic bomb, said North Korea’s progress in missile and nuclear development signals that it has gone from seeing unconventional weapons as bargaining chips to “deciding they need a nuclear weapons fighting force. ” The Pentagon warned Congress in a report earlier this year that one of Pyongyang’s latest missiles, if perfected, “would be capable of reaching much of the continental United States. ” In congressional testimony, American officials have provided more details. Intelligence analysts, they say, now judge that North Korea can miniaturize a nuclear weapon, place it atop a missile and fire it at the United States  —   though the odds of a successful nuclear strike are seen as low. Adm. Samuel J. Locklear III, head of the Pacific Command, last year summed up the deep concern. “All the indications are that we have to be prepared to defend the homeland,” he told the Senate Armed Services Committee. North Korea’s own claims about its nuclear capacities are generally viewed with extreme skepticism. The state, led by an erratic, young leader, Kim   is notorious for blustering propaganda, fake photos and outright lies. So private analysts and United States intelligence officials have in recent years tracked the country’s progress by studying carefully vetted imagery from satellites, and from North Korea itself, of the growing number of missile firings and engine tests. The experts track how far and fast the missiles travel, and the color of their plumes. Recently, one set of plumes became much cleaner, indicating the successful use of advanced propellants, analysts reported. North Korea is an impoverished nation whose sophisticated missile program has been built with Cold   Russian technology as well as the expertise of Russian engineers who moved there in the early 1990s looking for lucrative work after the Soviet Union fell apart, rocket experts and intelligence analysts say. The Soviet Union, if poor in consumer goods, inaugurated the space age in dazzling firsts. Eventually, the United States caught up and won the race, landing astronauts on the moon. As it turns out, Russia’s rocket engines were far more innovative than those the Americans used. Jeffrey Lewis, a North Korea specialist at the Middlebury Institute for International Studies at Monterey, in California, recently noted the grim implications of a   on land that featured the debut of a powerful new engine. “That means that, rather than simply hitting the West Coast, an operational North Korean ICBM could probably reach targets throughout the United States, including Washington, D. C.,” he wrote in a blog. Pyongyang obtained its first wave of Russian rocket technology in the 1980s, giving it an ability to make Scuds,   missiles with engines that burn kerosene and emit smoky exhaust. Soon, the collapse of the Soviet rocket industry brought North Korea a second wave of far more potent technology. The collapse began late in the Cold War as arms agreements led to deep cuts in both Soviet and American nuclear forces. It accelerated when Russia was unable to create a private industry for putting commercial satellites into orbit. Soon, impoverished rocket designers were fleeing Russia. In one incident in late 1992, officials at a Moscow airport blocked a group of nearly two dozen missile experts, along with their wives and children, from traveling to Pyongyang, the North Korean capital. “I have always believed that our work is the most important,” Yuri Bessarabov, one of the rocket scientists, told Moscow News. “But it has turned out that we are unnecessary. ” By the time President Obama took office, in January 2009, Pyongyang had deployed hundreds of   and   missiles that used motors of Russian design, and had exported hundreds of the weapons armed with conventional warheads to countries including Egypt, Iran and Syria. Typically, the countries bought Scuds. At this time, North Korea was also developing the new generation of missiles powered by a much more advanced engine. Western intelligence analysts were alarmed to discover that the new engine derived from the   a compact missile made for Soviet submarines that had carried a nuclear warhead. Its creator was the Makeyev Design Bureau, an industrial complex in the Ural Mountains whose rogue experts had been detained at the Moscow airport. The engine jacked up heat, thrust and range, outpacing the Scud motor. And its propellants were more energetic than the old kerosene fuels. They were hypergolic. That meant the ingredients, when mixed, ignited spontaneously in powerful blasts. They made the smoky kerosene look archaic. The engine was being developed to power a new missile known as the Musudan, named after Pyongyang’s main launching site. The greater thrust of its single engine translated into greater range. Analysts warned that the missile’s warhead might fly for up to 2, 400 miles  —   far enough to hit the American base at Guam but shy of the minimum intercontinental range of 3, 400 miles. At a military parade in late 2010, Pyongyang unveiled its   spinoff, giving substance to years of American intelligence warnings. The Musudan turned out to be 5 feet wide and 40 feet long  —   remarkably small compared to North Korea’s large missiles, which military analysis saw as sitting ducks. The smaller missiles displayed that day were transported on trucks and could be hauled on country roads through forested regions or kept in tunnels, making them easy to hide and, as a target, difficult to find and destroy. Pyongyang also used the   engine design as a building block to make compact missiles that could fire warheads between continents. The   missile (Korea North military type 8) was powered by two of the advanced motors. Analysts said its range was intercontinental and might send a warhead plummeting down on the West Coast. The   a longer version of the   appeared able, in theory, to send one of Pyongyang’s nuclear warheads crashing down on Washington, D. C. Today, the   and the   are widely seen as the most threatening missiles in North Korea’s developing arsenal, especially given the land test in April of the potent engine that apparently powers them. Still, experts note that North Korea is years away from deploying a reliable   missile. For instance, it has yet to master the complex technology needed to protect a nuclear warhead from the searing heat generated as it plunges from outer space to a fiery  . Experts also do not see North Korea as being capable anytime soon of building a much more destructive hydrogen warhead, capable of destroying large cities. Still, military officials worry about a day of reckoning. “The intel community assesses North Korea’s ability to successfully shoot an ICBM with a nuclear weapon and reach the homeland as low,” William E. Gortney, commander of North American Aerospace Defense Command, told a subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee in April. Eventually, he added, “we assess that this low probability will increase,” and the United States will need to invest in better defenses. Making sure Pyongyang has serious doubts about whether a nuclear strike would ever succeed, Commander Gortney added, “is absolutely critical. ”",0
4835,"This Election is Not About Trump, Its about a Giant Middle Finger to Washington DC.","Does anyone like Trump as a person ? The answer in No. It's not about that, it never was. This is about a giant middle finder to the DC Establishment. As a Citizen we only have one way to express our displeasure with DC. We are as divided as I've ever seen. This is not acceptable. If young people can't open businesses we have failed them. They can't. Trump is a tool we need for real change. He blew up the GOP. Our friends on the other side wanted Bernie. But, it was rigged against Bernie. Now you are going to support the very person who rigged your Primary. You almost blew up the DNC, but the job is not complete. We can not hand this crap to our younger generation. We will not. Only a billionaire can get this far on his own. He will be checked by Congress. Join us in giving the middle finger to the slave masters controlling our future. This Country belongs to us. Not a handful of wealthy families. This isn't about Trump. He's a tool in more ways than one. This is about cutting restraints and letting the American People go. At least, that's the way I see it.",0
4836,SHOCK: FBI Reopened Case on Hillary’s Emails After Sexting Investigation,"Pinterest 
Finally some good has come from disgraced former New York Congressman Anthony Weiner’s disturbing sexting scandals — something that nearly makes up for the images burned into the brains of millions of Americans thanks to “Carlos Danger” and his mongoose like strength… well, almost. 
The FBI announced on Friday that they were reopening their investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s email scandal, and now we know that she has the investigation into Weiner’s sexts with an underage girl to blame for it. 
The New York Times reported : 
Federal law enforcement officials said Friday that the new emails uncovered in the closed investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server were discovered after the F.B.I. seized electronic devices belonging to Huma Abedin, a top aide to Mrs. Clinton, and her husband, Anthony D. Weiner. 
The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case — one federal official said they numbered in the thousands — potentially reigniting an issue that has weighed on the presidential campaign and offering a lifeline to Donald J. Trump less than two weeks before the election. 
FBI Director James Comey referenced these emails in his letter to Congress announcing that the Clinton case had been reopened: “In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.” 
Comey wrote that while it was unclear how long it would take to conduct the investigation in light of the new information or whether or not it would prove to be “significant,” he wanted to inform Congress of the development. He added: 
In previous congressional testimony, I referred to the fact that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had completed its investigation of former Secretary Clinton’s personal email server. Due to recent developments, I am writing to supplement my previous testimony. 
At a New Hampshire rally, Donald Trump commented on the reopened investigation and even said that the election “might not be as rigged” as he had thought it was. Trump went on to praise the FBI and the Department of Justice, who he said had the “courage to right the horrible mistake that they made.” 
Well, we might not want to go that far yet. Hopefully Trump’s optimism is correct, but I’m a bit more cynical. I’ll believe that the wrong has been righted when I see it. 
Right now, I’m more apt to believe that the reopened investigation has an angle that is set to benefit Clinton. At this point, I find it hard to believe that anything is going to be done to actually hold Clinton accountable — not under the Obama administration and not after what we’ve seen. 
Time will tell, and hopefully my cynical side will be proven wrong.",0
4837,An Airport Survival Guide - The New York Times,"Weather delays mean plenty of free time on our hands, but chances are, you fill it by checking flight information. How to make the most of your wait? You can settle in with a neck pillow and the latest Stephen King tome, of course, from the airport bookshop. Or check into a   listen to a string quartet, visit a museum or explore the quick service efforts of a rash of celebrity chefs at many of the following domestic terminals in 10 major airports across the country. Layout: The nation’s busiest airport, Hartsfield is made up of domestic and international terminals that bookend seven perpendicular concourses. The underground Automated People Mover bisects the concourses, linking them to one another and the terminals. “For as busy as Atlanta is, it’s rather convenient,” said Seth Kaplan, managing partner of Airline Weekly. Security lowdown: There are three checkpoints in the domestic terminal, Main, North and South. The airport lists checkpoint wait times on its website. Alternatively, fliers can fill out an online    form, providing an email address to which security updates will be sent. Best dining: Among many local choices, Atlanta’s landmark Paschal’s operates a satellite restaurant in Concourse B, serving Southern classics like fried chicken and catfish. Pick up pizza and hamburgers from Varasano’s Pizzeria in Concourse A and Grindhouse Killer Burgers in Concourse D. For   meals, try One Flew South in Concourse E, which conjures rural Georgia with a photo mural of a forest. The menu offers sushi and upscale Southern fare such as pork belly sliders and pulled duck sandwiches, many labeled   and available to go. Connectivity: The airport offers free  . Other amenities: Work, sleep or watch TV in privacy at Minute Suites in Concourse B, offering   with daybeds, desks and showers ($38 an hour   minimum). The airport’s new iFlyATL app for iOS and Android devices provides updates on parking, security wait times and flight departures, plus information on restaurants and stores. Layout: O’Hare has three largely domestic terminals: Terminal 1, dominated by United Terminal 3, a hub for American and Terminal 2 for nearly all others. Once travelers are through security, they can freely walk among the adjacent terminals, which can be a hike. To take the   train, however, requires leaving security. It also connects to the remote international Terminal 5. Security lowdown: The busiest security lines seem to be in the center of Terminals 1 and 3 (Terminal 2 has just one checkpoint). In 1 and 3, check security lanes on the outer edges. The Terminal 3 security lane to the right of American Airlines international   is often less crowded, for example. Best dining: The   celebrity chef Rick Bayless runs three   Tortas Frontera outlets, in Terminals 1, 3 and 5. Dishes like Cochinita pibil sandwiches and guacamole and chips come in bulky but     cardboard boxes. Another locally popular chef, Paul Kahan, has just opened a branch of his Publican Tavern in Terminal 3. Healthy snacks such as Kind bars, Greek yogurt, sushi rolls and   boxed salads are available from Cibo Express Gourmet Market, which operates in Terminals 2 and 3. Less healthy but perhaps more popular, Garrett Popcorn Shops, also in 2 and 3, specialize in the Garrett Mix, a blend of cheese and caramel popcorn. Connectivity: The airport offers 30 minutes of free   and higher speed access for a fee. Each terminal offers several Power Stations with four to eight stools. Other amenities: If you have children in tow, let them play at the Kids on the Fly play zone in 2. A mother’s room in 3 offers privacy for   mothers. Get your om on in the Yoga Room, which offers free loaner mats and cleansing wipes, also in 3 (access is free). There are day spas in Terminals 1 and 3. Haven’t had your flu shot? During flu season, get one ($30) during your layover at clinics in Terminals 1, 2 and 3. Layout: An elevated   train, Skylink, makes constant loops connecting the airport’s five terminals, A through E. American Airlines, which uses DFW as a hub, operates from Terminals A, C and D, and its affiliate American Eagle uses B and D. Other domestic carriers including Delta, JetBlue and United use Terminal E. Security lowdown: Fifteen security checkpoints are strung along gates that are generally arranged end to end. When one backs up, try the next one down T. S. A. staff members often direct travelers to uncongested checkpoints next door. Not all lanes have a T. S. A. PreCheck line if you are cleared, ask to be directed to the nearest appropriate security area. Best dining: Terminal A hosts a branch of Salt Lick    famous in the Austin area. Cousin’s    from Fort Worth is in B. From the many Mexican selections, Urban Taco in Terminal C offers a variety of tacos on corn or flour tortillas or a lettuce wrap, plus rice bowls and salads. Sky Canyon from the celebrated local chef Stephan Pyles does Texas cuisine including   Pie, barbecued brisket in sandwiches or tacos, and some international options including a ceviche bar in Terminal D. If you’re a fan of Slurpees, the first     convenience store is in Terminal A. Connectivity:   is free throughout the airport. Free travel lounges, at B28, C8, C27 and E8 offer power outlets at each seat. Workstations (also free) with power outlets and USB connections are in Terminals A, C, D and E. Other amenities: If you need a nap, private office or shower, Minute Suites in Terminal D offers   with daybeds and private bathrooms (fees range from $30 for a   shower to $160 for an   stay). Strike a pose in a Yoga Studio, equipped with mats, near Gates D40 and E31 (access is free). Children’s play areas known as Aquafina Junior Flyer’s Club are located in Terminals A and B. XpresSpa offers spa services in Terminals A, B, D and E. Terminals A and B have nursing rooms. In Terminal D, spruce up at new shops from the beauty brands Aveda, Jo Malone London and MAC Cosmetics. Layout: From the main Jeppesen Terminal, noted for its multipeaked roof, an underground train bisects three terminals, A, B and C Gates, making it easy to travel among them. United dominates B Gates Southwest and Delta park at C Gates. American, Alaska, Frontier, JetBlue and others are at A Gates. A pedestrian bridge links the main terminal and A Gates. Security lowdown: All fliers undergo security screening in the main terminal at one of three checkpoints. Check the airport’s website for estimated TSA wait times. Best dining: In addition to   chains, DIA, as the airport is popularly called, salts its dining selections with local outposts. At C Gates, Root Down, a branch of the Denver restaurant, offers    fare, including raw items and sandwiches packed for the plane. At B Gates, Elway’s steakhouse is popular for its burger as well as   steaks, and New Belgium Hub serves microbrews from the Fort Collins brewer. Modernmarket at B and C gates caters to vegetarian, vegan and   diets. In the B Concourse, the new SkyMarket sells healthy and locally sourced foods. Connectivity: The airport offers free   and has just installed more than 2, 400 “power hubs,” each with two electrical plugs and two USB outlets, found at seating areas. The Sky Lounge at the Westin Hotel next to the airport offers outlets at each table. Other amenities: DIA is proud of its public art collection, which includes “Open Windows,” an interactive light tower triggered by a   camera (near gate B51). The west end of the C Gates is the best place to catch the sun setting over the Rockies. The new Westin Denver International Airport Hotel, just beyond the main terminal, provides harbor for waylaid travelers and includes an indoor pool and hot tub. The new University of Colorado A line train provides direct service to downtown from the airport in 37 minutes. Layout: Laid out in linear fashion, Houston’s main airport is a hub for United, which dominates Terminals B, C and E. Terminal A houses the other North American carriers, including Air Canada, American and Delta. An underground subway links them all   while an elevated Skyway train connects them  . Security lowdown: There are T. S. A. checkpoints at each terminal. The airport’s website offers a handy guide to checkpoint wait times on its opening page. Best dining: In Terminal B, 3rd Bar Oyster  Eating House is a   of the popular Midtown restaurant Reef from the chef Bryan Caswell. Also in Terminal B, the Frutería features Mexican sandwiches and juices from the San Antonio chef Johnny Hernandez. The locally popular Ray’s Real Pit BBQ Shack operates in Terminal B. In Terminal E, Greek and Southern influences surface at Cat Cora’s Kitchen from the eponymous “Iron Chef. ” Connectivity: The airport offers free   with speeds up to six megabits per second. Other amenities: Houston’s “Harmony in the Air” program seeks to minimize stress through live music performances. Programming ranges from string quartets to Baroque guitarists, usually at midday hours, Monday through Friday. IAH has more than 100 pieces of art arrayed around its terminals and publishes maps to them, available via download from the website. Handling longer layovers, the   Houston Airport Marriott at the center of the airport has an outdoor pool. Layout: American Airlines uses Miami as a hub for its Caribbean and Latin American network, occupying Concourse D, also known as the North Terminal. Five more concourses, E through J (there is no A, B or C) swing around in a horseshoe shape and are grouped together as the Central (E, F and G) and South (H and J) Terminals. Corridors with moving walkways, known as the Skyride Connector, link them  . It’s a   commute from North to South. Concourse D has its own dedicated train to take passengers from one end of the milelong building to another. United and Frontier are in G, Delta is in H. Security lowdown: Most of the concourses have just one security checkpoint, though the large North Terminal (D) has three. American also uses Terminal E gates and E and D connect, allowing those departing from D to use that security lane. Best dining: There is a strong Cuban accent in Miami’s airport restaurants, beginning with four Café Versailles, branches of the Little Havana landmark (two in D, one each in E and F) serving strong café con leche, guava pastries and Cuban sandwiches. Also in D,   specializes in ropa vieja and mojitos, and Lorena Garcia Cocina offers Caribbean fare and a   mojito bar. Connectivity: MIA offers free   access to select websites for airlines, hotels, car rental companies and the tourism bureau. Full access costs $4. 95 for 30 minutes and $7. 95 for 24 hours. Other amenities: Casey, a golden retriever and the airport’s goodwill ambassador, occasionally roves the halls, ready to be petted. Get quickie manicures, pedicures, facials and massages at Xpres Spa in D. Jetsetter spas in H and J also offer spray tanning. A branch of the Miami bookstore Books  Books in D also stocks children’s games. Make a scavenger hunt for marine plants and vertebrates inlaid in D’s terrazzo floors by the artist Michele Oka Doner. A baggage storage service in Central Terminal E allows passengers with long layovers to park their bags while exploring Miami beyond the airport. Layout: New York’s Kennedy operates six remote terminals, numbered 1, 2, 4, 5, 7 and 8, strung together by an   Airtrain outside of security checkpoints. Transferring among them requires connecting fliers to pass through security again at their new terminal. Virgin America and Virgin Atlantic are in terminal 4 JetBlue and Hawaiian are in 5 Alaska, American Airlines and American Eagle are in 8 and Delta operates in terminals 2 and 4. Security lowdown: The domestic terminals at JFK are among the better equipped at the airport, with a dozen or more security lanes. Best dining: Terminal 5 offers a substantial and varied lineup of dining options, from tiny La Vie offering French bistro fare to the Spanish tapas specialist Piquillo and Deep Blue Sushi, which also offers    fare. Terminal 2 recently got a dining upgrade to include Croque Madame, a French sandwich spot from the chef Andrew Carmellini, and BKLYN Beer Garden with tap beers and a menu by Laurent Tourondel. There are two branches of the restaurateur Danny Meyer’s Shake Shack in Terminal 4, and one of his barbecue place Blue Smoke on the Road. The chef Marcus Samuelsson recently opened Uptown Brasserie here with an eclectic menu including fried chicken and pasta. Cibo Express Gourmet Market in Terminals 2, 5 and 8 stocks healthy snacks including fruit, granola bars, yogurt and   salads. In Terminal 5, Re: Vive Food Ordering Tables offers   monitors for gateside meal delivery. Connectivity: The airport offers 30 minutes of free  . There are charging stations at most Delta gates, and the central atrium of Terminal 5 offers many outlets. Other amenities: A   suite for nursing mothers features a changing table, electrical outlet and a bench at Terminal 5 near Gate 12. Also at the terminal, or, rather, outside of it ( ) JetBlue operates the new T5 Farm on the departures level, a    container vegetable garden, which passengers can visit curbside. Atop the terminal, all passengers can visit the outdoor terrace on the rooftop, which includes a dog walk. Layout: Four remote terminals, A through D, handle domestic traffic at La Guardia. Delta runs its shuttle to Chicago and Washington, D. C. from Terminal A. Delta also operates from C and D. The largest terminal, B, has four concourses: A, with United and JetBlue B, with Southwest and Spirit C with American, United and Virgin America and D with American. Security lowdown: Patience. Security stations tend to be narrow, especially in the Terminal B concourses, each with its own checkpoint. “It’s definitely worth springing for   priority access that will get you through security faster, at least on American and Delta,” said Michael Alan Connelly, editor of Fodors. com, referring to premium economy seating that often offers a special security line. Best dining: In Terminal B’s common area, Bowery Bay Tavern trades in Philly cheesesteak and burgers, and Todd English’s Figs Restaurant does Mediterranean dishes.   in the A gates, Metro Burger Bar uses Pat LaFrieda beef, and near the B gates, Six Blocks Bakery serves pastries from Balthazar Bakery in Manhattan. In the B and C concourses, Cibo Express Gourmet Markets stock healthy snacks including salads and nuts. Several acclaimed chefs are attached to   restaurants in Terminal C, including Cotto, which offers Italian paninis and pastas from Michael White Victory Grill from Andrew Carmellini and Biergarten from Brooklyn Brewery, which also offers sandwiches and small plates. At its culinary rival, Terminal D, Bisoux will box your croque monsieurs and other bistro fare to go, and Taste of Tagliare offers pizza by the slice. Custom Burgers, also from Pat LaFrieda, grills to order. The Minnow, also by Mr. Carmellini, includes a raw bar and sushi. For healthy   try Cibo Express Gourmet Market. Connectivity: The airport offers 30 minutes of free   throughout its terminals. Other amenities: A   suite for nursing mothers features a changing table, electrical outlet and a bench at Terminal A, Concourse A. Terminal B has been redesigned with newer upscale shops, including Tumi, Lacoste, Desigual and L’Occitane. American Express credit card holders can gain access to the Centurion Lounge for $50 a day (free for some   card holders) children under age 18 are free. Layout: In the midst of a   renovation to update and better link all terminals, LAX has nine terminals including the new Tom Bradley International Terminal (1, 2, 6, 7 and 8 are undergoing construction). American Airlines parks at Terminal 4, Delta at 5 and United at 7 and 8. While spread out, Terminals 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 are accessible by walking without having to exit and   security. Security lowdown: With construction inside and out, the airport has created a new LAX Is Happening website that offers travel tips for each terminal. Additional screening checkpoints have been added to Terminals 5 and 6, relieving congestion. Still, the proximity of checkpoints to gates will determine where you enter. “If you try another terminal and walk back, it doesn’t make sense. It’s just a worse schlep,” said Brett Snyder, who blogs about the airline industry at the Cranky Flier. Best dining: In American’s Terminal 4, the LA Gourmet Street Truck is designed to change concepts and currently hosts Grilled Cheez Please! serving from a parked vehicle. Real Food Daily features   foods. In Terminals 5 and 7, Loteria Grill, which is also popular around town, serves tacos, enchiladas and burritos. Terminal 5 also has Ford’s Filling Station, a branch of the gastro pub by the chef Ben Ford, son of the actor Harrison Ford. Connectivity: LAX offers free   throughout its terminals. Faster access is available for $4. 95 an hour or $7. 95 for 24 hours. Other amenities: Terminal 5 features a new nursing room. Seven indoor relief areas for pets means that there is at least one   pet station at each terminal. Layout: Three domestic terminals, including recently renovated Terminals 2 and 3, are laid out in a semicircle. Southwest and Delta’s domestic operations are in Terminal 1, American Airlines and Virgin American are in Terminal 2, and United’s domestic flights are in Terminal 3. Some domestic carriers, including Hawaiian and JetBlue, are in the International Terminal. The   people mover AirTrain links all terminals. Security lowdown: Each terminal has its own security, meaning that many travelers connecting to another carrier leave and   screening areas. However, there are two   walkways: one between Terminal 1 (Boarding Area C) and Terminal 2 and another from Terminal 3 to International. Best dining: SFO offers a    ratio of    restaurants. In Terminal 2, Burger Joint uses Niman Ranch meat, Napa Farms Market serves everything from local cheeses and wines to    salads and hot meals, and Lark Creek Grill does   seafood and steaks. Terminal 3 hosts the wine bar SF Uncork’d, Tomokazu for sushi and noodles and a branch of Buena Vista Café, famed for Irish coffee. In Terminal 1, Perry’s, like the Union Street original, is a   grill. The local chain Peet’s Coffee  Tea can be found in all terminals. Connectivity: The airport offers free  . The just renovated East concourse in Terminal 3 offers three new boarding gates and   seating with 230 electrical outlets and 200 USB outlets. Other amenities: SFO pioneered the airport Yoga Room, which it now offers, free of charge, in Terminals 2 and 3. There are no classes, but mats are provided and mobile devices banned. Terminals 1 through 3 offer private nursing rooms. For longer layovers and with children in mind, the airport has created   tours that take place  . The airport has an extensive exhibition program.",0
4838,‘How Do I Get Back Home?’ Iranians Turned Away From Flights to U.S. - The New York Times,"TEHRAN  —   As Iranians woke on Saturday to the news that none of them would be able to enter the United States for at least 90 days, on the orders of President Trump, panic reigned. They were turned back from flights to the United States in Tehran and in the major transfer hubs of Istanbul and Dubai. Some of those who arrived in the United States after midnight, when the decree went into effect, were held or deported, rights groups and airline representatives said. No one, not passengers, airline representatives or even United States border control officials, seemed to know how to interpret the executive order that went into effect at midnight on Friday. Under the new policy, refugees, immigrants and almost anyone from seven countries deemed to be hotbeds of terrorism are banned from the United States for 90 days, pending a review of policies. Officials are just interpreting the directive by themselves, said one representative for an international airline who was based in Tehran. He said the airline did not know if Iranians could fly to the United States or not. On Saturday, three international airlines shuttling passengers between Iran and the United States  —   Emirates, Lufthansa and Qatar Airways  —   had stopped allowing Iranians with visas or even permanent residence cards to board their planes. The Qatar Airways office in Tehran confirmed that all Iranian passengers without United States passports were stopped from flying to the United States on Friday evening and sent back to Iran. In Istanbul, during a stopover on Saturday, passengers reported that security officers had entered a plane after everybody boarded and ordered a young Iranian woman and her family to leave the aircraft. Holders of green cards, which confer the right to live and work indefinitely in the United States, received conflicting information about whether or not they would be permitted to return to the United States. But on Saturday, the Department of Homeland Security clarified the executive order, saying it applied even to permanent residents from the seven   countries named in the ban: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. “It will bar green card holders,” Gillian Christensen, the Department of Homeland Security’s acting spokeswoman, told Reuters. Many were blindsided by the decree while on vacation in Iran. “How do I get back home now?” said Daria Zeynalia, a green card holder who was visiting family in Iran. He had rented a house and leased a car and would be eligible for citizenship in November. “What about my job? If I can’t go back soon, I’ll lose everything,” he said. It is unclear how many Iranians have green cards, but experts say the number runs into the hundreds of thousands. In an online survey tracking entry challenges, two out of 112 passengers holding green cards said they were not allowed into the United States, but the reasons were unclear. Card holders can be barred, for instance, if they owe back taxes. Others spent years preparing to study in the United States only to see their plans abruptly thwarted on Friday. About 4, 000 Iranians are granted study visas to attend American universities each year, often after a long and complicated process that can take years. Shadi Heidarifar, a philosophy student just admitted to New York University, said in a message on Twitter that she had spent three years trying to apply to universities in the United States. “I had to work to save money, gather documents. The application fees were so expensive that a whole family could live for a month” on them, Ms. Heidarifar wrote. When she was accepted recently, she was over the moon. “But now my entire future is destroyed in one second. ”",0
4839,Hillary Fan SLEEPS At Rally! Snoozy Smurf Steals Show! (ABC News) Coconut Creek FLA,"Posted on October 26, 2016 by Barry Soetoro, Esq Published on Oct 26, 2016 by Barry Soetoro HILLARY SUPPORTER (PAID OR UNPAID?) SLEEPS THRU HILLARY’S RALLY IN COCONUT CREEK, FLA. UNFORTUNATELY, THIS SNOOZING FAN IS POSITIONED OVER HILLARY’S SHOULDER ON LIVE TV. 
NOBODY COMES TO HILLARY CLINTON RALLIES — BECAUSE SHE’S BORING AND MENTALLY ILL. WHO WANTS TO WATCH A COMMUNIST WITH DEMENTIA SCREECH ABOUT ROADS AND BRIDGES? 
HILLARY HAS FINALLY EMERGED FROM HIDING, JUST IN TIME TO STEAL ELECTION 2016 VIA VOTER FRAUD. BUT WILL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE BELIEVE SHE “WON” AFTER SEEING HILLARY’S PATHETIC TINY RALLY CROWDS? BEFORE SHE RIGS THE ELECTION, SHE’D BETTER DO A BETTER JOB RIGGING HER RALLIES. 
HILLARY’S EYEBALL GONE WILD:",0
4840,Dreaming Beyond Capitalism: a Culture Without Fear,"By Martin Winiecki / kosmosjournal.org 
In the 1990s an unusual encounter took place in the Ecuadorian Amazon. In plant rituals, shamans of the Achuar, a tribe living in pristine forest that had never been in touch with Western civilization, received the warning that the “white man” would try to invade their lands, cut down the forest and exploit the resources. Deeply shaken, they called out to the Spirits for help. Soon after white people did approach them, coming to them however with supportive intentions – a group of activists from the United States, searching for ways to protect Indigenous Peoples from the oil industry. The Westerners found a deeply interconnected tribal society living in profound symbiosis with the Earth. Seeing the bulldozers coming closer and closer, they asked the Elders of the tribe how they could survive. Their answer was surprising and straightforward: “Don’t try to help us here. Go back to your own culture and change the dream of the modern world! It is because of this dream that we are perishing.” [i] 
This experience gave rise to the Pachamama Alliance , an international educational network dedicated to changing the dream of the Western world. 
What is the dream of the Western world? When asked, most young people say: A perfect partner, a beautiful house, successful career, lots of money and travel to exotic places. Amplified a million times a day by Hollywood and the advertisement industry, promoted by parents, self-help gurus, schools and fairytales, this lifestyle became the central motif of our collective longing, the blueprint of globalized society. 
Fulfillment became a matter of possession, of how much wealth, fame, power and sex we earned for ourselves. Rewarding people with profit and status for the most competitive and destructive behavior, worshiping the golden calf of maximal economic growth, capitalism has effectively manufactured and then exploited people’s dream image. Humanity’s general ethical decline is the result of this collective corruption. 
“Social being determines consciousness”– Marx 
First Nation tribes from North America coined a term to describe the ‘disease of the white man’– wetiko. In their understanding, wetiko consists of two essential characteristics: chronic inability for empathy and an egoistic fixation on ones own personal benefit and profit. The First Peoples used this word specifically because they could not fathom any other explanation for the behavior of the European colonialists. While often declared as unchangeable psychological features of humanity, greed, selfishness and violent impulses may in fact not be our “human nature” as many claim, but rather the outcome of our alienation under capitalist conditions. Marx said, “Social being determines consciousness.” [ii] According to epigenetic research, our genetic programming contains many different possibilities of existence. Whether wetiko takes holds of our psyche or we become compassionate strongly depends on the social structures we live in. We only consider egoism, hatred and brutality to be “normal” because over the past few thousand years our civilization has been conditioned in this way – basing its economy on war, its social organization on domination and conformity, its religion on punishment, damnation and sin, its education on coercion, its security on the elimination of the supposed enemy, its very image of love on fear of loss. 
Patriarchal conditioning – carried out worldwide, generation after generation, with the most aggressive means – has created a cultural matrix of violence and fear, which at present nearly all of humanity more or less unconsciously follows. This matrix, or more accurately ‘patrix’, steers the global processes of politics and economics in similar ways as people’s interpersonal relationships, families and love lives. As psychoanalyst Dieter Duhm writes, “Automatic, usually unconscious, habits of thinking stand behind our daily misery.” [iii] 
Use of Agent Orange resulted in widespread birth defects in Vietnam 
Duhm started out as a leading Marxist writer during the anti-imperialist struggles of the 1960s and 70s in Germany, when he asked himself how it could be that billions of people comply with and obey the rules of society without being forced to do so. Shaken by the horrors of the Vietnam War, he needed to find a credible answer for how to overcome the imperialist system causing these atrocities. Working as a psychoanalyst, he faced the same basic structure in all his patients – no matter whether they suffered depression, heartache or schizophrenia – deep-rooted existential fear. The further he inquired, the more he realized this fear is not only in the “mentally ill,” but also appears in the “sane” as fear of what others could think of them, as speech anxiety, as fear of authorities and institutions, fear before and after intercourse, fear of the future, of getting sick and so on. “This inconspicuous, socially omnipresent and ‘normal,’ fear is neurotic,” he writes. “Fear is not only the product of capitalism, but part of its foundation, an element without which this entire system would collapse.” [iv] 
For Duhm, the consequence was clear: If we want to escape from the wetiko disease of our current capitalist culture, we need a credible concept for a new nonviolent global society and for transforming the old matrix of fear and violence into a new matrix of trust, compassion and cooperation. Healing wetiko would be nothing short of reinventing our entire civilization and basing human existence on new social, ethical, spiritual and sexual foundations allowing profound trust between people as well as between humans and animals. 
In 1978 Duhm started out with a group of people to engage in an interdisciplinary research project for social and ecological sustainability to develop precisely such a concept. Having witnessed the failure of countless communes in the 1970s, most due to unresolved interpersonal conflicts around money, power and sex (i.e. the inability of the groups to resolve wetiko among one another), the project focused its cultural experiment on creating new social structures able to resolve the psychological substratum of fear. They knew the answer could not be found in therapies, spiritual exercises and rituals alone, as helpful and healing as they may be – but that a whole new way of communitarian coexistence would have to be developed, from which one would no longer need to retreat in order to become human. Rather, it would be designed in a way that would foster compassion, solidarity and cooperation. 
The development of such a society would need to begin with initial models researching its basic structures and demonstrating its viability. Thereby, an adventurous research project began, establishing functioning communities of trust. The deeper they went the more they realized they needed to work on all basic areas of human existence: starting with the intimate questions of sexuality, love and partnership, questions of raising children, coexistence with animals, self-sufficiency in water, energy and food systems. From this experiment, the peace research center, Tamera , came into life along with the vision of creating “Healing Biotopes” as catalysts for planetary system change. Solar-powered village by Sunvention, via Tamera 
For much of the last million years, human beings have lived in communities; in fact, the era in which we have not is only a tiny fraction in the entirety of human history. In order to subjugate people under their systems of dominance, patriarchal rulers systematically destroyed tribal communities, thereby inflicting a profound collective trauma onto humanity. Humanity thereby lost its spiritual, social and ethical anchor, drifting off in a self-destructive frenzy of atomization, self-interest and othering. As we are reaching the pinnacle of a culture of global wetiko , the last throes of late-stage capitalism, healing our collective trauma, re-establishing functioning communities based on trust, and making our human existence compatible with the biosphere and nature again, may well be our only opportunity to secure ourselves and our children a future worth living on Spaceship Earth. 
Martin Winiecki was born 1990 in Dresden, Germany, and is coordinator of the Terra Nova School in Tamera Center, Portugal where 160 residents of the center are working for a society free of violence and greed. 
[i] Speech by Lynne Twist at the “Awakening the Dreamer” Symposium. USA, Los Angeles. Sept. 2008. 
[ii] Marx, Karl. A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy. New York: International, 1970. Print. 
[iii] Duhm, Dieter. Beyond 2012. The Birth of a New Humanity? What Is the Shift of Consciousness? . Bad Belzig: Verlag Meiga, 2010. Print. 
[iv] Duhm, Dieter. Angst Im Kapitalismus: Zweiter Versuch Der Gesellschaftlichen Begründung Zwischenmenschlicher Angst in Der Kapitalistischen Warengesellschaft. Lampertheim: Kübler, 1975. Print. 0.0 ·",0
4841,Lifting weights could ward off dementia and make you smarter,"Lifting weights could ward off dementia and make you smarter 
  by: Vicki Batts Tags: weight lifting , dementia , brain health (NaturalNews) There are many reasons to partake in strength training; weight-baring exercises are known for their health benefits. But, could lifting weights also boost your brain? Recent research indicates that may just be the case.To begin the study, researchers asked a group of people aged 55 to 86 to engage in a mix of weight lifting and brain training exercises. All of the people who partook in the study had been diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment, which is a precursor to Alzheimer's disease , and is an early sign of dementia.While this particular study did not examine whether the benefits of exercise could be extended to the general population, the results were quite impressive. Published in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society , the study found that weight-baring exercises could indeed provide some brain benefits. The researchers found a casual relationship between an increase in muscle strength and an increase in brain function. On that basis, the team recommended that more people begin a strength training regime so that the world's aging population can hopefully be a little healthier. It is currently projected that about 135 million people will have dementia by the year 2050.The same team behind this most recent research also published a paper in 2014 that revealed that weight training provided cognitive benefits to just about every area of the brain – something cognitive training failed to do.While discussing their most recent data, one of the study's researchers, Dr. Yorgi Mavros of Sydney University, commented, ""What we found in this follow-up study is that the improvement in cognition function was related to their muscle strength gains. The stronger people became, the greater the benefit for their brain.""For the strength training, study participants were asked to lift weights that were equivalent to about 80 percent of their maximum capacity, twice a week for six months – similar to the way in which many athletes train. And, as the participants got stronger, the amount of weight they lifted went up as well, in order to maintain the desired 80 percent of their maximum effort.Brain scans revealed that certain regions of the brain actually increased in size for those who took part in the exercise regime. Dr. Mavros says that the benefits were profound enough to warrant recommending weight training for everyone.""The more we can get people doing resistance training like weight lifting , the more likely we are to have a healthier ageing population,"" he told the Independent . Dr. Mavros also added that the best way to ensure that you get the most benefit from exercise is by maintaining a regular routine. Exercising frequently, and with some intensity, is key to getting the most out of what you're doing.This new research is not the first to suggest that exercise can provide benefits to brain health . The body of research linking physical exercise to better cognitive function has only continued to grow over the last several years. Science has indicated that in addition to better mental health, exercise can also promote both better memory and concentration.Dr. James Pickett, head of research at the Alzheimer's Society, also had a few things to say about this new study. He noted, ""New research is beginning to unravel how physical exercise may have benefits for the brain as people get older. This study suggests that people with minor memory and thinking problems, known as mild cognitive impairment, may benefit from weight training to improve their brain health.""Pickett also noted that while it is not yet clear if exercise can reverse dementia, they do know that it is one of the most important factors in its prevention. Along with being active, he says that not smoking and eating a healthy, balanced diet are all essential to reducing the risk. Sources:",0
4842,John Podesta: ’I See No Sign’ Donald Trump Will Be Impeached - Breitbart,"In a    interview with the Washington Post’s Daily 2020 Live on Tuesday, Hillary Clinton’s former campaign chief John Podesta said he does not see any indication that President Donald Trump will be impeached, despite the fact that so many in his party are calling for it. [“I see no sign that there’s any likelihood that he’ll be impeached,” Podesta, who recently joined the Washington Post as a columnist, told the publication’s Karen Tumulty. Issuing an indirect testament to the loyalty of the GOP, Podesta added:  The Republican leadership has decided we’re in the boat with him, and the boat’s gonna sink, and we’re gonna sink with it. But we can’t really throw him out of the boat. So they’ve decided to, as I’ve said before, velcro their fate to him. I think they must be waking up in a sweat at night thinking about what the prospects of that are, but I think there’s no chance that the House would mount the kind of serious investigation that would lead to impeachment. Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) has been openly leading calls for the president to be impeached. Several Democrats have invoked the 25th Amendment as a springboard to introduce legislation that would allow former presidents and vice presidents to determine if Trump is mentally unfit for office. Addressing Tumulty’s question on the 25th Amendment, Podesta said, “Do you really think Mike Pence and Betsy DeVos are going to sign that paper relieving the president of his duty? I don’t see that either. ” In an interview with Breitbart News, Los   cardiologist and internist Dr. Afshine Emrani said he thinks it is wrong for people, and especially politicians, to “belittle mental illness because they have a political agenda,” adding, “psychiatric   and bullying is against their professional code. They should be exposed for what they are. I can guarantee an overwhelming majority of them voted against Trump. ” Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News. Follow her on Facebook and Twitter.",0
4843,Magnate’s Twin Goals: Fighting Climate Change and Electing Donald Trump - The New York Times,"MONTAUK, N. Y.  —   On a sunny morning late this summer, Andrew E. Sabin was aboard his   yacht, “Above the Ground. ” He had begun the day in Amagansett, a   enclave near East Hampton where he maintains a lush   compound replete with a menagerie featuring peacocks and an enormous pig. Now, on the eastern tip of Long Island, Mr. Sabin pierced a clam with a hook and dropped his fishing line 120 feet to the ocean floor, hoping to land some cod. A wisecracking, boyish septuagenarian of seemingly unlimited energy, Mr. Sabin runs a privately held   recycling business that has made him enormously wealthy. The Sabin Metal Corporation processes about $1 billion worth of platinum, palladium and other metals each year. Annual revenue is less than that, but it clearly leaves plenty for a personal fortune. With that money, Mr. Sabin has emerged as a leading supporter of climate change initiatives. He has endowed the Sabin Center for Climate Change Law at Columbia University, funds climate change prizes and professors at Yale and the University of California, Los Angeles and is a major donor to Global Wildlife Conservation. He founded a local natural history museum where he leads nature walks, and, thanks to his generous support of environmental causes, he has four species named after him  —   two frogs, a chameleon and a lemur. But Mr. Sabin also sharply diverges from the environmentalist stereotype: He is a strident Republican donating big sums of money in an effort to elect Donald J. Trump president. His twin passions are at odds. Many of the Republican Party’s elected officials deny that humans are accelerating the warming of the planet, despite the overwhelming scientific evidence. Prominent environmental groups, including the Sierra Club and the Natural Resources Defense Council Action Fund, generally back Democrats, including Hillary Clinton. Yet Mr. Sabin has been a generous donor to the Republican Party for years, contributing more than $500, 000 to Republican candidates, committees and other political groups this election cycle. Even within his party, Mr. Sabin is an outlier: Many other Republicans who believe in climate change have declined to support Mr. Trump. But after backing Jeb Bush early in the primaries, Mr. Sabin threw his wallet behind Mr. Trump and never looked back. He recently donated $100, 000 to Trump Victory, the candidate’s joint   venture with the Republican Party. To hear Mr. Sabin tell it, a Trump presidency would not be such a threat to environmental concerns. Yes, Mr. Trump has routinely suggested that global warming is not real, has vowed to abolish the Environmental Protection Agency if elected president and said he would walk away from the landmark Paris accord approved last year, in which nearly 200 countries agreed to curb greenhouse gas emissions. Mr. Sabin, however, brushes that off as   bluster. “I don’t think he believes half the things he says,” he said. In meetings with Mr. Trump, he has come away convinced that the candidate is actually a reasonable,   man who is committed to clean air and clean water. As for Mr. Trump’s proclamations about the E. P. A. and the Paris agreement, Mr. Sabin is dismissive, arguing that such actions wouldn’t get through Congress. “There are good checks and balances,” Mr. Sabin said. “He won’t be able to do whatever he wants. ” The Trump campaign did not respond to a request for comment. As much as he supports the Republican ticket, Mr. Sabin is equally motivated by his loathing for Mrs. Clinton, whom he derides as untrustworthy, unethical and unfit for office. In front of his mansion, in an organic garden that features kale, blueberries and Swiss chard, Mr. Sabin has erected several “Hillary for Prison” yard signs. Last year, after the signs disappeared in the middle of the night, Mr. Sabin placed them on stilts and surrounded them with a   electrified fence. “You will have a fascinating journey down the rabbit hole in trying to understand the complexity of Andy Sabin,” said Susan Rockefeller, a prominent conservationist who has worked with Mr. Sabin and affectionately calls him “the   of the Hamptons. ” This summer, Mr. Sabin made several trips to Washington. His mission was to persuade Republican members of Congress to acknowledge climate change in the party platform that would shape the Republican National Convention in late July. In a flurry of meetings, Mr. Sabin, who wears a uniform of Hawaiian shirts, baggy khaki pants and sneakers, visited the offices of Republican representatives including Chris Gibson of New York, Joe Wilson of South Carolina and Virginia Foxx of North Carolina, as well as Senator John Barrasso of Wyoming. Mr. Sabin has no doubt that greenhouse gases from human activity are warming the planet, leading to rising oceans and more severe weather. “The science is clear,” he said, and inasmuch as he can, Mr. Sabin is working to minimize his own carbon dioxide emissions. At Sabin Metal Corporation’s processing plants in upstate New York, North Dakota and Ontario, he says he has invested in expensive equipment to reduce emissions and minimize pollution. “Not a drop of carbon comes out of my stacks,” he said. Yet on Capitol Hill, he measured his words. Instead of trying to persuade Republican lawmakers that climate science is real, he talked to them about the need to minimize pollution as a way to keep people healthy. He makes the case that worse air quality leads to premature deaths, an increase in illnesses, more stillbirths and higher hospital spending. “I don’t discuss climate change,” he says. “I discuss health. ” Mr. Sabin employs this rhetorical sleight of hand to reconcile what, to many, are inherently contradictory positions. “I came to the conclusion that I needed to come up with a way to get Republicans on board about cutting carbon,” he said. “Democrats aren’t going to convince Republicans that climate change is real, so I’m trying to get them to the same place. ” He has drafted a policy paper peppered with statistics from the RAND Corporation and Carnegie Mellon University that encourages lawmakers to invest in clean energy jobs and to pressure businesses to pollute less, simply for the good of public health. If embraced in earnest, Mr. Sabin says, this approach will result in reductions in greenhouse gas emissions  —   a goal of many Democrats. But he opposes many ideas from Democrats about how to reach that goal. He is vehemently opposed to new regulation and a carbon tax, and he says the E. P. A. is guilty of overreach. Instead, Mr. Sabin says that private investments in clean coal technology, new nuclear power and renewable energy will reduce greenhouse gas emissions sufficiently to check global warming. In the meantime, Mr. Sabin supports the use of cheap and abundant natural gas. It is a position that closely mirrors that of the broader Republican Party on energy production. And Mr. Sabin claims to have the Trump campaign’s ear on the issue. He says he is in regular contact with the campaign and took credit for shaping the response to a question in the second presidential debate, when Mr. Trump talked up clean coal, wind power and solar energy. “That came from me,” Mr. Sabin said. Many environmentalists, however, say the policies promoted by Mr. Sabin and Mr. Trump will not do nearly enough to curb emissions. “To put the fate of our climate on clean coal and     nuclear is about the riskiest proposition in the world,” said Michael Brune, executive director of the Sierra Club. “We might as well bet on leprechauns and the Easter bunny. ” Mr. Sabin’s positions baffle even some professors he supports. Michael Gerrard, director of the Sabin Center for Climate Change Law at Columbia University, said: “Andy and I agree about some things and agree to disagree on other things. The party has gone off the rails on that side. ” Many Republicans in Congress reject the idea that human activity is contributing to climate change. “I don’t think what we do as a race is going to be the deciding factor in what happens with our environment,” said Ms. Foxx, the North Carolina congresswoman. “Because I happen to believe that God is in charge. ” There are some prominent Republicans talking openly about climate change. George Pataki, the former New York governor, has been critical of climate change deniers in the party. Theodore Roosevelt IV, a Republican and the   of the former president, is an investment banker at Barclays who focuses on clean energy and an outspoken conservationist. And Jay Faison, a North Carolina businessman, has set up a “super PAC” to finance candidates who support renewable power. Yet none of these men are supporting Mr. Trump, largely because of his volatile personality. Shortly after Mr. Sabin’s visits to Washington, he had a private meeting with Mr. Trump at the Manhattan home of Steven Mnuchin, the candidate’s national finance chairman. Mr. Trump wore his usual dark suit with a white shirt and a red tie. Mr. Sabin attended the meeting in a bright green Hawaiian shirt, wearing Buddhist prayer beads on his wrist. Mr. Sabin came away impressed. “Trump knows in his heart that cutting carbon is the right thing to do,” Mr. Sabin said. “He’s very different in person. He listens. ” Mr. Sabin, 70, grew up in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn and still speaks with a thick New York accent reminiscent of Mr. Trump’s. As a boy, he would wander over to undeveloped areas in nearby Bensonhurst and collect frogs and snakes with his bare hands. “I started catching them and never grew up,” he said. He joined the Army reserve in the late 1960s, he said, and then joined his father’s business, which collected and sold scrap metal. In the early 1970s, Mr. Sabin started a trading house for metals and other commodities. As Wall Street went digital, Mr. Sabin left trading behind and built out his father’s company into Sabin Metal Corporation. He attributes his passion for the environment to his boyhood enthusiasm. “Since I started catching frogs, I’ve always been interested in nature,” he said. “As the years went on I realized the importance of preserving what I was enjoying. ” He has been a Republican for as long as he can remember, too, and has internalized the party’s talking points about Mrs. Clinton. “I see corruption with the Clintons only rivaled by Nigeria, Malaysia or Indonesia,” he said. “It starts right at the top, and it disgusts me. ” Perhaps one way to makes sense of Mr. Sabin is to recognize that he is much like Mr. Trump himself. Impassioned and at times charismatic, he is also quick to ignore facts, brimming with conspiracy theories, and prone to objectifying women. His girlfriend is several decades his junior. “You’re only as young as the woman you’re touching,” he said. While watching Fox News, he complimented the appearance of the daytime host Jenna Lee. (“I think she’s so hot,” he said.) Aboard his yacht, he openly viewed pornography on an iPad. Over the course of several months, he sent a reporter numerous emails containing   images. On Thursday, Mr. Sabin said he was repulsed by Mr. Trump’s recently unearthed comments about sexually assaulting women  —   though not enough to withdraw his support. And he is unashamed of his own libido. “I’m proud that at 70 years old I still have a healthy sex drive,” he said. He also talks of radical transformation to the economy, while rejecting regulation as a tool to facilitate change. And on his Facebook page, Mr. Sabin traffics in the conspiracy theories of the   Alt Right. Stories such as “Michelle Obama Vows to Confiscate All Firearms Before Leaving the White House” and “United Nations to Investigate Hillary Clinton for Election Fraud” are posted alongside pictures of Mr. Sabin searching for salamanders. This complex personality is on constant display. Tooling around the Hamptons, he drives a Jeep Wrangler with his nickname, the Salamander Commander, emblazoned on the doors. On the back of the jeep are bumper stickers that say “Hillary for Prison” and “Trump 2016. ” At a separate property that he owns in the Hamptons, away from his mansion, Tibetan prayer flags form a canopy over the driveway. In front of the house is a small sanctuary for injured turtles. Buddha statues are placed around the grounds and throughout the house. Inside, a piano once owned by the abstract expressionist painter Lee Krasner sits in the living room. And all around the property are National Rifle Association signs, warning trespassers that they will be shot. In his personal gym at home, the wall is crowded with framed pictures of Mr. Sabin with Republican luminaries, reflecting years of support for the Republican Party. But while Mr. Sabin supports Mr. Trump today, he was not always so enthusiastic. “Donald’s a bird brain, all right?” he told the website Grist last fall, adding: “He’s, like, on a TV show! I have to laugh. ” These days, Mr. Sabin acknowledges his candidate’s shortcomings. And he said he disliked the hobbies of some of Mr. Trump’s children. (“I don’t like hunting,” he said. “That’s what I don’t like about Trump’s kids: these pictures of them holding leopards and elephant tails. ”) And yet, Mr. Sabin is still supporting Mr. Trump for lack of what he sees as a better option. “I’d like to keep a Republican House, and Republican Senate and a conservative Supreme Court,” he said. “Trump comes with the package to do that. ” It is a combustible, contradictory mix, reflecting the tensions roiling the Republican Party  —   and the nation  —   in this bizarre election season. In the   to the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, the party’s official platform was unveiled. “Climate change is far from this nation’s most pressing national security issue,” it read. “This is the triumph of extremism over common sense, and Congress must stop it. ” Mr. Sabin was unruffled by the snub. “It was a disappointment,” Mr. Sabin said. “But if you don’t try it can’t happen. ” Motoring back to the Long Island shore on his yacht, Mr. Sabin was satisfied with his haul. A dozen meaty fish were in the hold, including several cod and a handful of black sea bass. On the horizon, five towering wind turbines rose from the ocean. The first offshore wind farm in the United States, the turbines have stirred up predictable controversy in this area. But Mr. Sabin rejects the Nimbyism that has turned some wealthy locals against the project. “I’m a big proponent of wind energy,” he said. “Some people worry about the views, but it’s better than more carbon. ” In the cabin of the boat, Fox News played on a large   TV. It was midday, and Mr. Trump was holding forth at a news conference at his new Washington hotel, where he finally admitted that President Obama was born in the United States, after years promoting the birther conspiracy. “Trump is doing really well,” Mr. Sabin said enthusiastically. “Hillary’s in trouble. ”",0
4844,Rising Prices in Oakland Push Artists Into Risky Housing - The New York Times,"OAKLAND, Calif.  —   San Francisco is full of big dreams. Oakland is where people make them work. The city of about 400, 000 sits on the east side of San Francisco Bay and historically has served as a   alternative to its more famous neighbor, a place where service workers could buy a home, young professionals could get an extra bedroom and artists lived in   warehouses while sleeping beside their next installation. But over the past few years, as prices have surged across the Bay Area, Oakland’s pricing advantages have mostly eroded. Rents have increased 70 percent in five years, more than in any other big city in the nation, according to Zillow, the online real estate pricing service. The city’s $2, 899 median rent is now among the highest, and just short of median rents in Manhattan. The conditions that led to the fire that killed at least 36 people on Friday night was a result of a dangerous mix of factors in which dozens of partygoers were invited to a warehouse that was dark, congested and mazelike, with flammable art and a   electrical system. The victims died because they were trapped in a tinderbox. Yet the economic backdrop of the tragedy is also important because it shows how rising rents and fears of eviction can push vulnerable people in a desperate search for housing to unsafe spaces. Oakland’s housing prices have always fluctuated with Bay Area booms and busts, and complaints about gentrification were part of the 1990s   boom here as well. The effects are more pronounced this time around because as tech companies have migrated closer to San Francisco from places like Palo Alto and Mountain View, Oakland has been pulled deeper into Silicon Valley’s orbit. Uber, the   service now valued at almost $70 billion, plans to open an office in downtown Oakland in the next year or so. This crisis isn’t limited to the Bay Area. Across the country, and especially in expensive cities like New York and Seattle, urban areas have been flooded with   tech and finance workers who have pushed up rents.   workers and families have been displaced to cheaper housing on the fringe, but many creative types have made do by finding alternative living arrangements like industrial property, recreational vehicles and even boats. In Oakland, where for decades warehouses have served as a haven for artists, this often means living at the whims of any landlord willing to look the other way. “There’s a kind of unholy alliance in which these buildings are leased with a ‘nod nod, wink wink, nobody lives there,’ ” said Thomas Dolan, an Oakland architect who specializes in   spaces and helps building owners convert illegally occupied warehouses into legally occupied lofts. “It’s a precarious situation where tenants exchange cheap rent for substandard housing  —   and if they rock the boat, they’re out. ” In the aftermath of the fire, artists’ grief over lost friends quickly turned to anxiety that a crackdown could lead to widespread eviction from one of the Bay Area’s few remaining sources of affordable housing. “The   fear is, ‘Does this mean the end of these spaces in the Bay Area and with it the last vestige of any kind of affordable artists community? ’” said Aaron Muszalski, an artist who has spent the past two decades living and working in warehouses across the region. Unlike San Francisco, whose   waterfront has been transformed into a   neighborhood where the San Francisco Giants play next to   condominiums, Oakland can still lay claim to the Bay Area’s industrial past. There are bars still frequented by dockworkers, and hipsters wear   emblazoned with the hulking white cranes that line the Port of Oakland. Many of the city’s industrial warehouses originally served as a waypoint where shippers stored cargo. But as international commerce was accelerated by “containerization”  —   the process by which rectangular crates full of products like California wine and Chinese electronics can be loaded by cranes between boats and trucks  —   warehouses went empty and artists moved in. The result has been a vast gray economy of   spaces that, legal or not, are regarded as an important source of affordable housing and part of what makes Oakland, Oakland. “There have been efforts to legalize Oakland’s   spaces for years,” said Joshua Simon, executive director the East Bay Asian Local Development Corporation, a nonprofit that helps develop affordable housing. “Today it’s critical that we find ways to use every housing option that’s safe  —   the worst thing we could do would be to overreact and eliminate this type of housing as an option. ” The catch, however, is that once a loft becomes legal the rent becomes unaffordable. So while living in an illegal space may require things like coping with a makeshift kitchen with a sink that drains into a bucket, it’s better than living nowhere. “You bring these places up to code and you end up pricing out the people who make Oakland such a great place,” Mr. Dolan said. Cheap rent is not the only draw. Several current and former warehouse residents described being absorbed into a broad community centered on building and making noise, whether it’s daytime hammering and welding, or throbbing nighttime parties whose locations are secret. Part of the bonding experience is in maintaining the charade that nobody lives there. There are rituals like renting   trucks to store mattresses on days when the building owner sends an insurance inspector over. If the fire department knocks, you ignore it. Before he became the owner of the Starline Social Club, an Oakland bar and music space, Adam Hatch, 38, was part of an illegal   art gallery called Lobot. He remains connected with the scene, and on Monday night his bar was full of A’s hats, Raiders jackets and tears as patrons observed a moment of silence for a victim who painted nails there on Monday nights. “Sometimes it’s just sort of magical to be in a place you’re not supposed to be,” Mr. Hatch said of the warehouse scene. But there is also a risk, as the fire at the warehouse, known as the Ghost Ship, showed. Most of the power accrues to the   master tenant  —   the person whose name is on the lease. The people who lived at Ghost Ship in the months preceding the fire painted varying pictures of that dynamic. Shelley Mack, 58, moved into one of several mobile homes housed inside the warehouse in October 2014, paying $700 a month. Soon, she said, the building’s head tenant, Derick Ion Almena, was asking her for another $700, this time for upkeep. She said he cut off electricity for people who disagreed with him and blocked an upstairs exit. Others, however, said they were just happy to have a place to live. Josh Hershberger, 31, a tattoo artist and muralist, had been homeless before he found the warehouse. Mr. Almena let him pay rent by the day  —   $10 or $20  —   and provided him with a community. “This was my home. It was a foundation. ” Without the Ghost Ship, he said, he would have been on the street.",0
4846,Is ‘Brexit’ the Precursor to a Donald Trump Presidency? Not So Fast - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Britain’s vote to withdraw from the European Union sent a shudder through the capital on Friday as the forces of economic nationalism and   fury forced American political leaders to wonder: Could it happen here? Driving the “Brexit” vote were many of the same impulses that have animated American politics in this turbulent election year: anger at distant elites, anxiety about a perceived loss of national sovereignty and, perhaps most of all, resentment toward migrants and refugees. These are the themes that Donald J. Trump harnessed during the Republican presidential primaries to explosive effect, and that he aims to wield to his advantage again in his race against Hillary Clinton. Mr. Trump endorsed Britain’s abandonment of the European Union and hailed the vote during a stop in Scotland on Friday. Veteran Republican and Democratic strategists say that Mr. Trump, and to a lesser extent, Senator Bernie Sanders in the Democratic contest, represent an American echo of the   politics that have swept across Europe in recent years. “There’s a fundamental issue that all developed economies have to confront, which is that globalization and technological changes have meant millions of people have seen their jobs marginalized and wages decline,” said David Axelrod, a former strategist for President Obama and an adviser to Britain’s Labour Party in last year’s general election. “And so lots of folks want to turn the clock back and make America, or their country, great again. ” Although Mr. Trump may struggle to convert a message of national retrenchment into victory here, some of the stark divisions on display in Britain do mirror political trends in this country. The highly educated, younger voters around London who voted to remain in the European Union, for example, share some commonalities with the American urbanites who were the pillars of Mr. Obama’s coalition. And Mr. Trump has triumphed with the American counterparts of the British “Leave” voters: older whites who lack university degrees and live in less prosperous regions of the English countryside. But beneath those generalities, there are crucial distinctions between the Brexit vote and the 2016 presidential election. In the United States, there is no recent history of electing nationalist presidents hostile to immigration, and even recent Republican presidents have celebrated new arrivals as integral to American prosperity and identity. American presidential elections are largely decided by a diverse and upscale electorate, anchored in America’s cities and suburbs. These communities more closely resemble London than Lincolnshire. Minorities made up more than a quarter of the electorate in the last presidential campaign. And while Britain decided to leave the European Union through a popular vote, the White House race will be determined by the Electoral College, which is tilted toward the Democrats. Some large states with significant nonwhite populations have been out of reach for Republican candidates for much of the last three decades California, New York, New Jersey, Illinois and Pennsylvania have voted for every Democratic nominee since 1992. Mr. Obama also won Florida twice, and Mrs. Clinton has a lead there now in part because Mr. Trump is unpopular with Hispanics. Together those six states offer 166 of the 270 electoral votes needed to win the presidency. Mr. Trump is at an even greater disadvantage than other recent Republican presidential nominees because of his dismal standing with nonwhite,   and female voters. Unless he can reverse the deeply negative views such voters have of him, he is unlikely to capture the   communities around Philadelphia, Denver, Miami and Washington that are crucial to winning the White House. Joe Trippi, a Democratic political strategist who was a consultant for former Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, said he expected the Brexit vote to embolden American conservatives. But their excitement, Mr. Trippi said, would be largely “a false read” of the results. “There are some very similar things  —   a polarized electorate, nativism, nationalism were clearly big factors, and Trump exemplifies them here,” Mr. Trippi said. “But there is a difference in the multiculturalism and diversity of the United States, versus nowhere near the same factors in the U. K. ” Despite high levels of concern about immigration and foreign trade, polls show that most Americans have so far recoiled from Mr. Trump’s specific policy proposals, such as deporting 11 million undocumented immigrants. A survey published by the Public Religion Research Institute and the Brookings Institution on Thursday found that while Americans were closely split on the benefits of immigration and mostly said global trade was harmful, strong majorities rejected Mr. Trump’s promises to build a wall on the Mexican border and ban Muslim immigration. Further, the vote in Britain was a referendum on a European entity that was easy to rally against, while the presidential vote here is increasingly becoming a referendum on a polarizing individual. “Americans will be asked to vote for or against a person: Trump,” said Tony Fratto, a former press secretary for George W. Bush. “And that’s a higher hurdle. If you want to express yourself with a protest vote, you’ll have to vote for Trump, and he is singularly unattractive and even offensive to a large majority of Americans. ” If the moment seemed to invite a triumphant, thematic victory speech by Mr. Trump on Friday, the candidate himself had other ideas. Appearing at a golf resort he owns in Turnberry, Scotland, Mr. Trump applauded the vote as an expression of national anger. But in the course of a meandering news conference, Mr. Trump dwelled on the virtues of his property there, and compared the difficulties of the American presidency to the task of refurbishing a golf course. Mr. Trump was dismissive of the economic ramifications of the referendum, and predicted that a downturn for the British pound would benefit his business. “When the pound goes down, more people are coming to Turnberry, frankly,” Mr. Trump said. Mrs. Clinton responded with restraint, issuing a statement offering “respect” for the decision made by a close ally and offering assurances about “America’s steadfast commitment to the special relationship with Britain. ” The larger impact of the vote may not play out in this fall’s election between Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump. But it will almost certainly divide the Republican Party in the years ahead, deepening the internal rift caused by the rise of Mr. Trump and his coalition. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas, both widely thought to be considering presidential bids in 2020, quickly released statements that seized on the “Leave” vote as an illustration of the disconnect between the voters and internationalist leaders in Washington, London and Brussels. Speaker Paul D. Ryan and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who are both more supportive of free trade and may also be eyeing the White House, issued statements that notably did not target technocratic elites. Laura Ingraham, an influential conservative radio host who supports Mr. Trump, said both the Republican Party in America and Britain’s Conservative Party had been torn apart by “fights over globalism. ” In both cases, she said, “  nationalists are seeking a major change”  —   so far, with some success. “The G. O. P. is becoming more nationalistic, and this trend will probably continue whatever happens with Trump,” Ms. Ingraham wrote in an email before the referendum result was announced.",0
4847,A New Casualty of Syria’s War: Drinking Water in Damascus - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   For millions of Damascus residents,   concerns about the direction of the war in Syria have been replaced by worries about where to get enough water to do the dishes, wash clothes or take a shower. For nearly two weeks, the Syrian capital and its vicinity have been afflicted by a water crisis that has left taps dry, caused long lines at wells and forced people to stretch whatever thin resources they can find. “When the world gets hard for us, we work something out,” said a woman in a video posted on Facebook showing how she used a   cola bottle to wash teacups. “When you cut off the water, we dig for water. When you cut off the tap, we make a tap. ” Like most of Syria’s problems, the Damascus water crisis is a symptom of the war, which has killed hundreds of thousands of people, displaced about half the country’s prewar population of 22 million and left its territory divided into zones controlled by the government, armed rebels and jihadist groups. While a   brokered by Russia and Turkey and announced last week has reduced overall violence across the country, it has not stopped the fighting everywhere, nor has it resolved what happens when resources needed by one side are controlled by its enemies, as appears to be the case with Damascus’s water. Historically, most of the water for the capital, which is controlled by the government of President Bashar   has come from the Barada Valley north of the city, which is controlled by rebels who want to oust Mr. Assad. The crisis began on Dec. 22, when the water stopped flowing. Each side has accused the other of damaging infrastructure near the spring, halting the flow. Antigovernment activists have posted photos online, purporting to show structures around the spring that they say were damaged by exploding barrels dropped from government helicopters. The government first accused the rebels of polluting the water, then of damaging the infrastructure. Jens Laerke, a spokesman for the United Nations humanitarian office in Geneva, said by email Tuesday that the “deliberate targeting of the water infrastructure” had caused the  . “But we are not in a position to say by whom,” he said. “The area has been the scene of much fighting, so we have not been able to access it. ” Now, 5. 5 million people in Damascus and the vicinity lack water, which has raised the risk of waterborne disease, especially among children, he said. Fighting near the Barada Valley has continued despite the  . Antigovernment activists say that government forces, and fighters from Lebanon’s Hezbollah organization, have continued to attack the area in an apparent attempt to take it over. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which tracks the conflict from Britain through a network of contacts in Syria, said the government launched 15 airstrikes on the area Monday amid clashes between rebels and   forces. Turkey’s foreign minister, Mevlut Cavusoglu, accused the Syrian government and its allies on Wednesday of violating the   saying that the new violence could derail peace talks meant to be held in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan, on Jan. 23. Rebel groups have threatened to boycott the talks if government attacks do not stop. Few Damascus residents expect much from the talks or have time to think about them. While generally safe from the violence that had reduced other parts of the country to rubble, they were struggling through a cold winter of high prices and scarce commodities before the water crisis, making things worse. The Syrian government has sought to ease the crisis by trucking water from wells around the city, and the United Nations has rehabilitated 120 wells to cover about   of the city’s daily needs, Mr. Laerke, the spokesman, said. But many residents said they had received nothing. Some were buying water from men with private tankers, while others took advantage of whatever they could get. A    shopkeeper said he had not had a shower in 10 days but that he and his sons went to the mosque every day to wash their hands, feet and faces, an option not available to the women of the house. At home, he said, they used plastic utensils because they could not wash dishes. One    woman said she had not had running water in her home for 10 days. Her two sons have spent hours each day lining up to fill jugs from the well at their mosque. They use that to drink and to wash dishes, collecting the runoff to flush the toilet. “My family’s dream is to get a warm shower,” she said, speaking on condition of anonymity for fear of repercussions for communicating with a foreign news outlet without government permission. “It has become our ultimate hope in Damascus to have enough water to take showers and wash clothes in the automatic washing machine. ” She expressed anger that Syria’s   news media had said little about the water crisis, instead focusing on the military’s battles with rebels. “We are fed up with the news of military operations,” she said. “We want news about water and water supply schedules. ” Despite the water crisis, conditions in Damascus are far better than those in Aleppo, the northern city and former commercial epicenter of the country, where Syrian and Russian forces prevailed last month after prolonged bombardments of its eastern side. While the   appears to be holding there, the formerly   eastern quarters are abandoned wastelands, United Nations relief officials said. “Nothing prepared us for what we saw,” Sajjad Malik, the United Nations acting humanitarian coordinator for Syria, told reporters Wednesday in a telephone briefing from Aleppo. “The infrastructure was destroyed in almost every neighborhood. ” Mr. Malik said more than 100 United Nations relief workers from several agencies were helping civil defense teams remove debris and provide emergency food, water, shelter and medical care in the city, where four million people once lived. He estimated that 1. 5 million people remain in Aleppo, mostly on the western side, including roughly 400, 000 Syrians displaced from other areas. He also said thousands of displaced residents from the eastern side were starting to return, even if their homes and businesses were badly damaged or destroyed. “They’re beginning to talk about rebuilding their lives and livelihoods,” Mr. Malik said. But he cautioned that “Aleppo’s reconstruction is going to take a much longer time and way more resources than we have right now. ”",0
4848,Clinton Claims US Voters to Reject Trump's ‘Divisive Vision of America’,"0 4 0 1 Americans will not vote for Republican   because his proposed vision for the future of the United States is divisive, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton said at a campaign rally in Tampa, Florida on Wednesday. 
  During his presidential campaign , Trump pointed out that the US immigration system is very much in need of reform to prevent illegal immigrants, among which criminals, from entering the United States. Trump has also shared his plan to build a wall along the border with Mexico to that end and met in late August with Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto. © AP Photo/ Joe Raedle/Pool via AP, File Keep Calm and Demonize Trump: WikiLeaks Exposes Clinton Aides' Plan ""The American people are going to reject Trump’s divisive vision of America,"" Clinton stated at the rally on Wednesday. ""Florida is paving the way of what our country is going to look like."" 
Clinton argued that Trump's comments about illegal immigrants, minorities and women has shown divisiveness and brought more independent and Republican voters to the Democratic camp. ""I am proud to have support from Republicans and independents across America who agree with me that we should reject hate and division,"" Clinton noted . 
In September, the union of US National Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) employees endorsed Trump for president of the United States. ...",0
4849,"Российский биолог стал победителем конкурса Science, ""станцевав свою диссертацию""","0 комментариев 1 поделились Источник: http://open-look.ru 
Танец Согорина рассказывает о сходстве бальных танцев с синтезом белка в клетках человеческого тела. Следуя правилам конкурса, автор диссертации сам принимал участие в выступлении. 
Всего в конкурсе приняли участие 12 ученых. Гран-при получил британский биоинженер Джейкоб Бруберт, рассказавший танцем историю создания искусственных сердечных клапанов. 
Напомним, конкурс ""Станцуй свою диссертацию"" был организован научным журналистом Джоном Боханноном в 2007 году. Все победители получают денежные призы. Гран-при составляет тысячу долларов, приз победителям номинаций — 500 долларов. 
Ранее Pravda.Ru писала, что правительство РФ выделит 28 миллиардов рублей на программу привлечения ведущих ученых в российские образовательные и научные организации до 2020 года. По словам премьер-министра РФ Дмитрия Медведева, гранты получают те, кто готов воплощать свои идеи в нашей стране вместе с командами российских специалистов. 
Главная цель программы — сделать российские вузы и научные центры местом притяжения для исследователей со всего мира и привлечь обратно в страну российских ученых, которые в предыдущие годы уехали работать за границу. 
По словам Дмитрия Медведева, интерес программой со стороны мирового научного сообщества большой. Было подано почти три тысячи заявок учеными из более чем 45 стран. Среди победителей есть лауреаты Нобелевской премии и других престижных наград. 
Ранее Минобрнауки опровергло слухи о грядущем сокращении финансирования научной госпрограммы, массовых сокращениях преподавателей вузов и бюджетных мест. 
""У Министерства нет никаких планов по сокращению ученых и научных сотрудников. С 2016 года были удвоены выплаты академикам и членам-корреспондентам государственных академий наук, в 2017 году указанный уровень выплат будет сохранен"", — сказала журналистам директор департамента информационной политики министерств Анна Усачева. 
По словам главы департамента, среднемесячная заработная плата ученых, занятых исследованиями и разработками, за последние три года выросла более чем на 33%, при этом показатель среднемесячной зарплаты всех работников научной сферы по сравнению с 2012 годом вырос на 21,5%. Минобрнауки считает приоритетной задачу увеличения объема бюджетных средств, выделяемых для финансирования науки, и количества сотрудников университетов и НИИ. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda.Ru на сегодня Танец белка",0
4850,Tom Hayden's Haunting,"License DMCA 
As an old SDS-er, I found it hard to see Tom Hayden go. However meandering his path, he was at the heart of radical history in the 60s, an erstwhile companion, if not always a comrade, on the route of every boomer lefty. 
One of his finer moments for me, which I've never seen mentioned (including among this week's encomia) since he wrote it, was his 2006 article , published on CounterPunch with an introduction by Alexander Cockburn, in which he apologized for a ""descent into moral ambiguity and realpolitick that still haunts me today."" It would be respectful of Hayden's admirers and critics, on the occasion of his passing, to remember which of his actions ""haunted"" him the most. 
The title of the article says it clearly: ""I Was Israel's Dupe."" In the essay, Hayden apologizes for his support of the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982, which was for him that ""descent into moral ambiguity"" More importantly, he explains why he did it, in a detailed narrative that everyone should read. 
Hayden sold out, as he tells it, because, in order to run as a Democratic candidate for the California State Assembly, he had to get the approval of the influential Democratic congressman Howard Berman. Berman is a guy who, when he became Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, was proud to tell the Forward that he took the job because of his ""interest in the Jewish state"" and that: ""Even before I was a Democrat, I was a Zionist."" 
Hayden had to meet with Howard's brother Michael, who, acting as ""the gatekeeper protecting Los Angeles' Westside for Israel's political interests,"" told Hayden: ""I represent the Israeli Defense Forces""--a sentence that could serve as the motto of most American congress critters today. The ""Berman-Waxman machine,"" Hayden was told, would deign to ""rent"" him the Assembly seat on the ""one condition: that I always be a 'good friend of Israel.'"" 
But American congressmen were not the only ""gatekeepers"" through whose hands Hayden had to pass before being allowed to run for Congress. Other ""certifiers"" included ""the elites, beginning with rabbis and heads of the multiple mainstream Jewish organizations,"" the American-Israel Political Action Committee (AIPAC), ""[and].. Israeli ambassadors, counsels general and other officials."" - Advertisement - 
In fact, Hayden had to, in his words, be ""declared 'kosher' by the ultimate source, the region's representative of the state of Israel,"" Benjamin Navon, Israel's Counsul-general in Los Angeles. 
In other words, in this article Hayden was describing, in an unusually concrete way, how the state of Israel, through its state officials and their compliant American partners, was effectively managing--exercising veto power over Democratic Party candidates, at the very least--American elections down to the level of State Assembly . In any constituency ""attuned to the question of Israel, even in local and state elections,"" Hayden knew he ""had to be certified 'kosher,' not once but over and over again."" 
This experience prompted Hayden to express a ""fear ""that the 'Israeli lobby' is working overtime to influence American public opinion on behalf of Israel's military effort to 'roll back the clock' and 'change the map' of the region."" Hayden warned of the ""trepidation and confusion among rank-and-file voters and activists, and the paralysis of politicians, especially Democrats,"" over support of Israel. He vowed to ""not make the same mistake again,"" and said: ""Most important, Americans must not be timid in speaking up, as I was 25 years ago."" 
Whatever else he did--and he was never particularly radical about Palestine--this article was a genuinely honest and unusual intervention, and it deserves a lot more notice--as a moment in Tom Hayden's history and that of the American left--than it has got. Looking back and regretfully acknowledging that one had been duped and morally compromised by what seemed the least troublesome path 25 years earlier, saying ""I woulda, shoulda, coulda done the right thing,"" is a haunting moment for anyone. Doing it in a way that exposes in detail how a foreign country constantly manipulates American elections over decades is worthy of everyone's notice. 
I doubt Hillary and her Democratic supporters will have anything to say about this ""interference ""in American elections, even local and state. But I do hope many of those who are touched by the loss of Tom Hayden heed these words from him, and don't wait another 25 years to overcome their ""fear and confusion"" about saying and doing the right thing regarding the crimes of Israel, troublesome as that might be. - Advertisement -",0
4851,BREAKING: U.S. And Russian Jets Almost Collide Over Syria,"Pinterest 
As the Syrian Civil War rages on, the Russians continue to back the Assad regime in the fight against myriad rebel groups. The bloody conflict has garnered international attention, including a refugee crisis in the Middle East and Europe (which is quickly spreading to the United States, as well). 
The United States has been involved in several military actions to aid the rebel groups in Syria, though much of this help has aided the rise of ISIS (smuggling weapons to these groups fighting Assad, only to end up with ISIS). Given US involvement, and Russian backing of the Assad regime, tensions between the two superpowers have risen to near Cold War levels. 
One recent event demonstrating just how volatile the situation was a near-collision between two fighter jets, one American and the other Russian, in Syrian airspace. #BREAKING Russian, US jets had near miss over Syria: US officials 
Zero Hedge has details: 
The near miss occurred late on October 17, when a Russian jet that was escorting a larger spy plane maneuvered in the vicinity of an American warplane, Air Force Lieutenant General Jeff Harrigan said. The Russian jet came to “inside of half a mile”, he added. Another US military official, speaking on condition of anonymity , said the American pilot could feel the turbulence produced by the Russian jet’s engines. 
“It was close enough you could feel the jet wash of the plane passing by,” the official said. 
The incident appears did not take place out to malice, as the Russian pilot had simply not seen the US jet, as it was dark and the planes were flying without lights according to AGP. This incident was deemed unsafe, but not necessarily unprofessional, officials said. “I would attribute it to not having the necessary situational awareness given all those platforms operating together,” Harrigan said. 
The incident raises serious questions about the extent to which pilots are able to track the complex airspace they operate in. 
The US-led coalition has set up a hotline with Russian counterparts so the different militaries can discuss the approximate locations and missions of planes, and avoid operating in the same space at the same time. In this case, the American pilot tried unsuccessfully to reach the Russian jet via an emergency radio channel. 
This close-call is one of several similar incidents in the past six weeks or so. The Russians have become increasingly brazen in the past few months, especially in the Syrian arena. Anything that threatens the Russo-Syrian alliance is not taken too well by the Kremlin, and responses are bold, dastardly, and provocative. 
Luckily, there have not been any full-blown engagements between American and Russian military forces, but the number of close-calls in recent days is cause for concern. These are two of the world’s most prominent nuclear superpowers, one of whom is becoming more and more brazen and willing to incite conflicts when it suits their interests. 
The other is a regime with massive military superiority, yet weak and flaky leadership. 
At this point it is not totally clear what the Russians will do next. Undoubtedly, they will continue to prop up the Assad regime and bomb anywhere rebel forces may be, but whether or not they will harass American military forces in the area remains to be seen (though I predict that it will only continue to further escalate).",0
4852,DHS Removes Obama’s ’Handcuffs’ on Border Patrol Agents,"The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) removed “handcuffs” placed on Border Patrol agents by the Obama Administration, freeing them to expand border enforcement operations. [DHS Secretary John F. Kelly lifted most of the restrictions imposed on Border Patrol agents under the previous administration and ordered Border Patrol agents expand their efforts to enforce laws against illegal border crossings. The order came in a memo obtained by Breitbart Texas from DHS officials and discontinued President Obama’s “catch and release” program known as the “Priority Enforcement Program” (PEP) enacted on November 20, 2014. The order leaves in place, President Obama’s deferred action programs for children brought to the U. S. illegally by their parents.  “Except as specifically noted above, the Department no longer will exempt classes or categories of removable aliens from potential enforcement,” Secretary Kelly wrote in the memorandum. “In faithfully executing the immigration laws, Department personnel should take enforcement actions in accordance with applicable law. ” To support the expanded enforcement actions, Kelly ordered the hiring of an additional 5, 000 Border Patrol agents and 500 U. S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Air and Marine Operations (AMO) officers. “CBP has insufficient   to effectively detect, track, and apprehend all aliens illegally entering the United States,” Kelly continued. “The United States needs additional agents and officers to ensure complete operational control of the border. ” Leaked Border Patrol training materials released in an article by Breitbart Texas Managing Director Brandon Darby revealed the frustrating requirements placed on Border Patrol agents under the PEP program. “Nothing says don’t arrest, but it clearly says don’t waste your time because the alien will not be put into detention, sent back or deported,” an official within U. S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) told Darby at the time. “There is literally no reason to arrest an illegal alien because they are specifically telling Border Patrol there will be no consequence for the illegal alien. It is a waste of time and resources to arrest someone who is off limits for detainment or deportation and the documents make that fact clear. Border Patrol agents are now being trained to be social workers, not law enforcement. ” After the Obama Administration had put the PEP program in place, a high percentage of migrants apprehended at the border were released with a “notice to appear. ” “[The Obama] administration has handcuffed the Border Patrol,” Babeu told reporters in a March 2016 press conference reported by Breitbart Texas. This new set of orders from Secretary Kelly effectively removes those handcuffs and ends Obama’s catch and release programs. “A country has a duty and obligation to secure its border. That didn’t change because Obama was the president,” Jackson County, Texas, Sheriff Andy Louderback told Breitbart Texas on Tuesday. “We are back to the rule of law now, and the gloves are off, there’s no PEP. We are allowed to do our job. I am on cloud 80. ” Louderback previously served as president of the Texas Sheriff’s Association. Breitbart Texas was at a press conference when sheriffs from across the state descended upon the Texas Capitol in August 2015 to decry the federal policies of the Obama administration saying, criminal aliens have free rein. “Policies that facilitate the release of removable aliens apprehended at and between the ports of entry, which allow them to abscond and fail to appear at their removal hearings, undermine the border security mission,” Kelly stated. “Such policies, collectively referred to as ‘ ’ shall end. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
4853,Dallas Stares Down a Texas-Size Threat of Bankruptcy - The New York Times,"DALLAS  —   Picture the next major American city to go bankrupt. What springs to mind? Probably not the swagger and sprawl of Dallas. But there was Dallas’s mayor, Michael S. Rawlings, testifying this month to a state oversight board that his city appeared to be “walking into the fan blades” of municipal bankruptcy. “It is horribly ironic,” he said. Indeed. Dallas has the fastest economic growth of the nation’s 13 largest cities. Its streets hum with supersize cars and its skyline bristles with cranes. Its mayor is a former chief executive of Pizza Hut. Hundreds of multinational corporations have chosen Dallas for their headquarters, most recently Jacobs Engineering, which is moving to   Texas from pricey Pasadena, Calif. But under its glittering surface, Dallas has a problem that could bring it to its knees, and that could be an early test of America’s postelection commitment to safe streets and tax relief: The city’s pension fund for its police officers and firefighters is near collapse and seeking an immense bailout. Over six recent weeks, panicked Dallas retirees have pulled $220 million out of the fund. What set off the run was a recommendation in July that the retirees no longer be allowed to take out big blocks of money. Even before that, though, there were reports that the fund’s investments  —   some placed in highly risky and speculative ventures  —   were worth less than previously stated. What is happening in Dallas is an extreme example of what’s happening in many other places around the country. Elected officials promised workers solid pensions years ago, on the basis of wishful thinking rather than realistic expectations. Dallas’s troubles have become more urgent because its plan rules let some retirees take big withdrawals. Now, the Dallas Police and Fire Pension System has asked the city for a   infusion of $1. 1 billion, an amount roughly equal to Dallas’’s entire general fund budget but not even close to what the pension fund needs to be fully funded. Nothing would be left for fighting endemic poverty south of the Trinity River, for public libraries, or for giving current police officers and firefighters a raise. “It’s a ridiculous request,” Mr. Rawlings, a Democrat, said in testimony this month to the Texas Pension Review Board, whose seven members are appointed by Texas governors, all Republicans for the last 20 years. The mayor  —   who defeated a former Dallas police chief to win his office in 2011  —   added that he had nothing but respect for the city’s uniformed safety workers, five of whom were gunned down by a deranged sniper during a protest against police shootings in July. But that does not change the awful numbers. This month, Moody’s reported that Dallas was struggling with more pension debt, relative to its resources, than any major American city except Chicago. “The City of Dallas has no way to pay this,” said Lee Kleinman, a City Council member who served as a pension trustee from 2013 until this year. “If the city had to pay the whole thing, we would declare bankruptcy. ” Other ideas being considered include raising property taxes, borrowing money for the pension fund, delaying   public works or even taking back money from retirees. But property taxes in Dallas are already capped, the city’s borrowing capacity is limited, and retirees would surely litigate any clawback. This month, the city’s more than 10, 000 current and retired safety workers started voting on voluntary pension trims, but then five people sued, halting the balloting for now. The city is expected to call for an overhaul in December. But it has no power to make the changes, because the fund is controlled by state lawmakers in Austin. The Texas Legislature convenes only every other year, and Dallas is preparing to ask the state for help when the next session starts in January. One state senator, John Whitmire, stopped by the pension building this month and urged the 12 trustees to join the city in asking Austin to scale back their plan. “It’s not going to be pleasant,” said Senator Whitmire, a Democrat in the statehouse since 1973. But without some cuts, “this whole thing will come crashing down, and we’ll play right into the hands of those who would like 401( k)s or defined contribution plans. ” To many in Dallas, the hole in the pension fund seems to have blown open overnight. But in fact, the fuse was lit back in 1993, when state lawmakers sweetened police and firefighter pensions beyond the wildest dreams of the typical Dallas resident. They added individual savings accounts, paying 8. 5 percent interest per year, when workers reached the normal retirement age, then 50. The goal was to keep seasoned veterans on the force longer.’ ”Guaranteed 8. 5 percent interest, on tap indefinitely for thousands of people, would of course cost a fortune. But state lawmakers made it look “cost neutral,” records show, by fixing Dallas’s annual pension contributions at 36 percent of the police and firefighters’ payroll. It would all work as long as the payroll grew by 5 percent every year  —   which it did not  —   and if the pension fund earned 9 percent annually on its investments.” ’Buck Consultants, the plan’s actuarial firm, warned that those assumptions were shaky, and that the changes did not comply with the rules of the state Pension Review Board. “The Legislature clearly ignored that,” Mr. Kleinman said. The plan’s current actuary, Segal Consulting, reported in July that 23 years of unmet goals had left Dallas with a hidden pension debt of almost $7 billion. Back in Dallas, the pension trustees set about trying to capture the 9 percent annual investment returns. They opted for splashy and exotic land deals  —   villas in Hawaii, a luxury resort in Napa County, Calif. timberland in Uruguay and farmland in Australia, among others. The projects called for frequent   inspections by the trustees and their plan administrator, Richard Tettamant. The Dallas Morning News reported that officials were spending millions on global investment tours, with   in places like Zurich and Pisa, Italy. Pension officials argued that their travel was appropriate and their investments were successes. It was an investment right in Dallas that led to the pension fund’s undoing: Museum Tower, a luxury condominium high rise. It went up across the street from the Nasher Sculpture Center, a collection housed in a Renzo Piano building surrounded by manicured gardens. The Nasher, opened in 2003, was integral to a city campaign to revitalize its downtown. Museum Tower started out modestly, with a $20 million investment from the pension fund. But as the downtown Arts District flourished, the pension fund raised its stake, then doubled the height of the building, and finally took over the whole development for $200 million. Mr. Tettamant became the general manager. As Museum Tower soared to 42 stories, its glass cladding acted as a huge reflector, sending the sun’s intensified rays down into the sculpture center. Mr. Piano had installed a filtered glass roof, designed to bathe the masterpieces in soft, natural light. The glare from the tower ruined the effect, killed plants in the garden and threatened to damage the sculptures. The center called on the pension fund to reduce the glare. Mr. Tettamant said nothing could be done and suggested the center change its roof. Mr. Rawlings, the mayor, brought in a former official of the George W. Bush administration, Tom Luce, for confidential mediation. But Mr. Luce resigned after five months, saying Mr. Tettamant had failed to adhere to “the conditions and spirit under which I agreed to serve. ” Before long, The Dallas Morning News published a long exposé of the fund’s   holdings, raising serious questions about its claimed investment success. Some retirees began to clamor for a criminal investigation. The mayor demanded a full audit. When the audit was done, it showed that the investments were indeed overvalued, and that the fund was in deep trouble. Mr. Tettamant, who was dismissed in 2014, said he believed he was being blamed for problems he did not cause. “The Dallas mayor has a vendetta against me,” he said in an interview. “I never made any real estate investments. The board made all the investment decisions, and I was not a board member. ” In April, the Federal Bureau of Investigation raided the offices of CDK Realty Advisors, a firm that helped the pension fund identify and manage many of its investment properties. A spokesman for CDK declined to discuss the raid, but said the firm was working to resolve its differences with the pension fund. In his meeting with the trustees, Senator Whitmire recalled that in 1993 he had voted enthusiastically for the plan that sent the pension fund on its   quest for 9 percent investment returns. “We all know some of the benefits, guaranteed, were just probably never realistic,” he said. “It was good while it lasted, but we’ve got some serious financial problems because of it. ”",0
4854,Hillary Clinton Blames F.B.I. Director for Election Loss - The New York Times,"Hillary Clinton on Saturday cast blame for her surprise election loss on the announcement by the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, days before the election that he had revived the inquiry into her use of a private email server. In her most extensive remarks since she conceded the race to Donald J. Trump early Wednesday, Mrs. Clinton told donors on a   conference call that Mr. Comey’s decision to send a letter to Congress about the inquiry 11 days before Election Day had thrust the controversy back into the news and had prevented her from ending the campaign with an optimistic closing argument. “There are lots of reasons why an election like this is not successful,” Mrs. Clinton said, according to a donor who relayed the remarks. But, she added, “our analysis is that Comey’s letter raising doubts that were groundless, baseless, proven to be, stopped our momentum. ” Mrs. Clinton said a second letter from Mr. Comey, clearing her once again, which came two days before Election Day, had been even more damaging. In that letter, Mr. Comey said an examination of a new trove of emails, which had been found on the computer of Anthony D. Weiner, the estranged husband of one of her top aides, had not caused him to change his earlier conclusion that Mrs. Clinton should face no charges over her handling of classified information. Her campaign said the seemingly positive outcome had only hurt it with voters who did not trust Mrs. Clinton and were receptive to Mr. Trump’s claims of a “rigged system. ” In particular, white suburban women who had been on the fence were reminded of the email imbroglio and broke decidedly in Mr. Trump’s favor, aides said. After leading in polls in many battleground states, Mrs. Clinton told the donors on Saturday, “we dropped, and we had to keep really pushing to regain our advantage, which going into last weekend we had. ” “We were once again up in all but two of the battleground states, and we were up considerably in some that we ended up losing,” Mrs. Clinton said. “And we were feeling like we had to put it back together. ” Presidential candidates have a long history of blaming forces outside their control for their losses. In 2004, John Kerry linked his defeat to a videotape of Osama bin Laden that appeared days before the election, stoking fears about terrorism. In 2012, Mitt Romney told donors he had lost because President Obama had vowed to bestow “gifts” on Democratic special interests groups, namely   Hispanics and young people. Mrs. Clinton’s contention appears to be more rooted in reality  —   and hard data. An internal campaign memo with polling data said that “there is no question that a week from Election Day, Secretary Clinton was poised for a historic win,” but that, in the end, “  developments in the race proved one hurdle too many for us to overcome. ” Mrs. Clinton lost narrowly in several battleground states, and by the time all ballots are counted, she appears poised to win the popular vote by more than two million votes. Still, Mrs. Clinton’s instinct to shun any personal responsibility angered some Democrats. Several donors on the call, while deeply bitter about Mr. Comey’s actions, said they believed that Mrs. Clinton and her campaign had suffered avoidable missteps that handed the election to an unacceptable opponent. They pointed to the campaign’s lack of a compelling message for white   voters and to decisions years ago by Mrs. Clinton to use a private email address at the State Department and to accept millions of dollars for speeches to Wall Street. “There is a special place in hell for Clinton staff, allegedly including Cheryl Mills, that okayed the email server setup,” Jim Manley, a Democratic strategist and former senior aide to Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, wrote on Sidewire, a social media site, referring to a longtime aide and lawyer to Mrs. Clinton. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign was so confident in her victory that her aides popped open Champagne on the campaign plane early Tuesday. But that conviction, aides would later learn, was based largely on erroneous data showing that young, black and Latino voters and suburban women who had been turned off by Mr. Trump’s comments but viewed Mrs. Clinton unfavorably would turn out for her in higher numbers than they ultimately did. Exit polls conducted by Edison Research found that among people who said they had decided in the final week before Election Day, 47 percent voted for Mr. Trump and 42 percent for Mrs. Clinton. As early as Wednesday morning, aides began to explain to Democrats shaken by the loss that the campaign’s sophisticated data modeling had not taken into account the bombshell F. B. I. announcement. Mr. Comey’s letters to Congress went against the F. B. I. ’s longstanding tradition of avoiding decisions that could affect elections, but he told aides that he felt he had no choice because he had already weighed in on the case so publicly. In July, he had taken the unusual step of publicly announcing that the F. B. I. would not charge Mrs. Clinton. At the time, she believed she had finally put the issue to rest. And after the final debate on Oct. 19 in Las Vegas, she emerged in such a strong position that she began to focus on campaigning for   Democrats and planned a campaign stop in traditionally Republican Arizona. “We felt so good about where we were,” Mrs. Clinton told donors. Before Mr. Comey’s first letter to Congress, she added, “we just had a real wind at our back. ” Mr. Trump seized on the letter, telling voters in Nevada the Saturday before Election Day that “the F. B. I. has reopened its criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton,” and that the matter “would grind government to a halt” should Mrs. Clinton win the White House. The F. B. I. ’s examination of the new emails did not in fact reopen the investigation. Democratic pollsters attributed Mr. Trump’s   victories in Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin  —   states that President Obama had won  —   largely to a drifting of   suburban women to the Republican nominee at the last minute, because of the renewed focus on Mrs. Clinton’s email server. “We lost with   whites after leading with them all summer,” a Clinton spokesman, Brian Fallon, said on Wednesday. “Five more days of reminders about Comey, and they gravitated back to Trump. ” Before Mrs. Clinton spoke on Saturday, her finance director, Dennis Cheng, thanked the donors on the call, each of whom had raised at least $100, 000. The campaign brought in nearly $1 billion to spend heavily on data efforts, to disperse hundreds of staff members to battleground states, and to air television advertisements  —   only to fall short to Mr. Trump’s upstart operation. Donors conceded that, ultimately, no amount of money could match Mr. Trump’s crisp pitch, aimed at the economically downtrodden, to “make America great again. ” “You can have the greatest field program, and we did  —   he had nothing,” said Jay S. Jacobs, a prominent New York Democrat and donor to Mrs. Clinton. “You can have better ads, paid for by greater funds, and we did. Unfortunately, Trump had the winning argument. ” Mrs. Clinton has kept a low profile since her concession speech at a Midtown Manhattan hotel on Wednesday. On Thursday, a young mother with her    daughter spotted Mrs. Clinton walking her dogs near her home in Chappaqua, N. Y. posting a photo of the defeated candidate on Facebook that quickly went viral along with the hashtag #ImStillWithHer. On Friday night, Mrs. Clinton thanked volunteers on a nationwide conference call. “Look, I’m not going to sugarcoat it,” she said, sighing. “These have been very, very tough days. ”",0
4855,"Donald Trump’s Son-in-Law, Jared Kushner, Tests Legal Path to White House Job - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Jared Kushner, the    of   Donald J. Trump, has spoken to a lawyer about the possibility of joining the new administration, a move that could violate federal   law and risk legal challenges and political backlash. Mr. Kushner, 35, the husband of Mr. Trump’s eldest daughter, Ivanka, and an influential adviser to his    during the presidential campaign, had been planning to return to his private businesses after Election Day. But on the morning after Mr. Trump won, Mr. Kushner began discussing taking a role in the White House, according to two people briefed on the conversations who requested anonymity to describe Mr. Kushner’s thinking. Mr. Trump is urging his    to join him in the White House, according to one of the people briefed. The  ’s sentiment is shared by Stephen K. Bannon, the chief strategist for the White House, and Reince Priebus, who was named chief of staff. Mr. Kushner accompanied Mr. Trump to the White House on Thursday, when the   held his first   meeting with President Obama. Mr. Kushner may be as influential, if not as well known, in Manhattan as his   . Mr. Kushner is a real estate mogul in his own right who, like Mr. Trump, runs a company founded by his father. His influence extends to the news media: He owns The New York Observer. And his family’s wealth rivals that of the Trump clan, which he joined in 2009 when he married Ivanka. Mr. Kushner has already figured prominently in the tumultuous start to the transition. He was involved in the effort to oust Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, who as a federal prosecutor jailed Mr. Kushner’s father, Charles B. Kushner, more than a decade ago. Trump officials have systematically fired those Mr. Christie had selected for the effort. Transition officials have rejected claims that Mr. Kushner was involved in a payback effort and pointed to Mr. Christie’s troubles after two aides were convicted in the George Washington Bridge traffic scandal in New Jersey. They also suggested that the preliminary transition work had been subpar. Mr. Trump’s desire to add Mr. Kushner to his administration gives weight to speculation that he intends to run the White House the way he runs his businesses, relying heavily on his children and delegating essential duties to them. And it adds another element of unpredictability to an unconventional handover of power, although there were signs on Thursday that Mr. Trump’s transition operation was edging toward normalcy after its chaotic first week. Mr. Trump sat down with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, his first   session with a world leader since winning the White House. A clearer picture also emerged of the figures who have Mr. Trump’’s ear. Among them is Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, a retired intelligence officer who a top transition team official said was Mr. Trump’s choice for national security adviser, and Senator Jeff Sessions, the Alabama Republican who is under consideration to be attorney general or secretary of state. On Capitol Hill, Vice   Mike Pence told House Republicans to “buckle up” in anticipation of a packed legislative session. Mr. Trump’s aides held their first scheduled daily conference call with reporters while transition officials whose work had been stalled by   in Trump Tower began work with their Obama administration counterparts on a handover. But the prospect that Mr. Kushner might end up in the West Wing remained a concern to some people close to the   who said he would instantly become a target for media and legal attacks if he took the unorthodox step. Mr. Kushner has consulted with at least one lawyer and believes that by forgoing a salary and putting his investment fund, his real estate holdings and The New York Observer into a blind trust, he would not be bound by federal nepotism rules, according to one of the people briefed. Ethics lawyers in both parties said that such an arrangement would violate a federal statute designed to prevent family ties from influencing the functioning of the United States government. Under a 1967 law enacted after John F. Kennedy installed his brother, Robert F. Kennedy, as attorney general, no public official can hire a family member  —   including one related by marriage  —   to an agency or office over which he has authority. A separate statute also makes it a crime, punishable by a fine and up to two years of prison time, for government employees to accept voluntary services that are not authorized by law, except in emergency situations. The   law “would seem to block out Kushner flatly,” said Norman L. Eisen, who served as Mr. Obama’s ethics counsel during his transition and at the White House. If Mr. Trump were to try to skirt it by having Mr. Kushner advise him in a volunteer capacity, he added, he “would be treading upon very serious statutory and constitutional grounds. ” “When push comes to shove, on the very hardest calls that confront a president, you want the president’s adviser to remember that their oath or affirmation to the Constitution comes first, before family ties,” Mr. Eisen said. “You need to be able to say no. You need to be able to hold the line. You need to be able to threaten to resign, and you need to be able to actually resign. You can’t resign from being somebody’s   . ” Richard W. Painter, an ethics counsel to George W. Bush, said he remembered having to inform a senior official serving Mr. Bush that he was legally barred from granting a White House internship to his son. Mr. Painter based his decision on a reading of the   law by the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel during Jimmy Carter’s administration, which barred the president from doing so for his own child. “I told him: ‘Jimmy Carter couldn’t do it. If the president of the United States couldn’t do it, I can’t do it for your kid,’” Mr. Painter recalled. “I got cussed out. ” Mr. Trump could try to circumvent the law, the lawyers said, by arguing that he has broad executive authority as president to choose his advisers. But that move would probably invite a legal challenge, forcing a court to decide whether the president’s executive authority to choose his advisers takes precedent over a law passed by Congress that bans nepotism in the government. Mr. Trump could also try to invoke the example of Hillary Clinton. A 1993 decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit held that Mrs. Clinton, whom President Bill Clinton had appointed to lead his health care task force, was acting as a   government employee and therefore the panel could shield its meetings and records from the public. The decision hinted that the   statute might not have been meant to apply to the White House or to unpaid positions. But the ruling also said the first lady had a unique and widely recognized role in helping the president to carry out his duties  —   she had an office in the White House and a staff  —   a distinction that would not apply to Mr. Kushner. The Clintons paid a steep political price for insisting that Mrs. Clinton had a right to serve on the task force, ultimately losing both the Senate and the House in 1994 as Republicans assailed what they portrayed as a White House run amok. “You can try to wiggle your way around the law, but you’ve got to realize the political reality that this is prohibited under the statute,” Mr. Painter said. “It’s a power grab. It’s an overreach. ” The question of Mr. Kushner’s role also highlights a broader challenge facing Mr. Trump and his children as he assumes the presidency: how to separate his role as leader of the country from his vast real estate and business empire and avoid conflicts of interest. Even if Mr. Kushner placed his own holdings in a blind trust, his marriage to Ms. Trump poses an inherent conflict, according to ethics experts, because he would have access through his wife to information about Mr. Trump’s businesses that the   should be barred from knowing.",0
4856,10 Effective Ways To Use Vinegar As A Household Cleaner (VIDEO) – Collective Evolution,"advertisement - learn more From window sprays and bleach to toilet bowl cleaners and everything in between, they all seem to be filled with chemicals I’d prefer to avoid handling and inhaling. While more natural and eco-friendly alternatives continue to pop up on store shelves worldwide, they often cost significantly more than their chemically-laden counterparts. So while I do encourage people to purchase these products — both as an investment in our health and in the well-intentioned companies making them — I also love to discover life hacks that empower us all to step away from the conventional, regardless of our financial state. Here is a quick list (in video and written form) outlining 10 simple vinegar-based life hacks for cleaning around the house: advertisement - learn more 1. Cleaning Out Your Iron If your clothing iron doesn’t seem to steam and press as powerfully as it once did, clogged outlets are likely to blame. To remedy this, fill the iron to the 1/4 mark with vinegar and use it face down on a slotted baking sheet, while consistently pressing the steam function until the liquid runs out. Rinse the water compartment out and your appliance should be functioning like new. 2. Shoe Cleaner While I personally do not support the purchase of leather-based products, vinegar is a proven restoration tool for those of us who do. Simply mix 1 cup of water with 1/3 cup of vinegar and use a microfibre cloth to gently clean and restore your leather shoes. Thankfully, I’ve also tried this cleaning method on my fake leather dress shoes and found it just as effective (but always do your research before taking a chance and damaging your cherished footwear). Your Inbox Will Never Be The Same Inspiration and all our best content, straight to your inbox. 3. Glass Cleaner Most traditional glass cleaners are laced with unwanted ammonia, but thankfully there is a safe and easy alternative. Fill a spray bottle with 50% water and 50% vinegar and watch as this simple mixture gives you that same streak-free shine. As the video outlines, you can also add in a few drops of lemon to boost it with a fresh scent, or some blue food colouring to help differentiate it from your other homemade cleaners. 4. Weed Remover Find yourself regularly battling weeds amongst your pavement or stones? Avoid traditional weed killers by using vinegar instead. Simply pour vinegar into the cracks of the affected concrete areas. Let it sit for 24 hours and return to find the vegetation killed and ready to be removed. 5. Computer Keyboard Cleaner As I type this, I realize how badly my laptop keyboard could use this cleaning right now. Rather than investing in those expensive foams or play-doh-like keyboard dirt removers, simply use vinegar straight from the bottle. First be sure to turn off your computer and then lightly dampen a cloth in vinegar. From there, use the cloth to not only clean the keys, but to also get into all of the crevices of the device. You can also dampen a q-tip to get into the finer places with adequate pressure. 6. Cleaning Out Your Dishwasher Just like every other appliance, your dishwasher could also use a cleaning from time to time to maintain top performance and hopefully lengthen its working life. To do this, simply fill your washer’s soap dispenser with vinegar, pull out the inner basket, and run the unit on ‘Pots and Pans’ mode. 7. Sterilize Your Toothbrush While simply replacing your toothbrush is always a good option, vinegar is also a good solution for those of us not quite ready to part with our current brush. Fill a mug with vinegar to the point that the entire head of your toothbrush will be submerged in liquid. Put the brush into the mug for 30 minutes to help clean and sterilize it. To get rid of the vinegar odour, just massage some toothpaste into the brush under hot water. 8. Remove Bathroom Ceiling Mould The dampness of bathrooms makes them highly susceptible to mould growth. If you ever find a mould stain on your ceiling, vinegar may just be the answer to cleaning it. Put 2 parts vinegar and 1 part borax into a cup followed by warm water to fill the remainder of the container. Mix the concoction until the borax has dissolved, then dip a paper towel into the mixture. Dab the mould spot, then start rubbing to see it disappear (in most cases). Not a fan of borax? Simply research a healthier alternative. 9. Restore The Power Of Your Bathroom Faucet If you find your bathroom faucet doesn’t have the same power it once did, or that it misfires some of its stream, chances are it is partially clogged. To fix this, soak a cotton ball into vinegar for a few seconds. Apply the soaked cotton ball directly onto the faucet and hold it in place with a rubber band for 15 minutes. When removing it, wiggle the cotton ball around to remove any final deposits trapped in the head and run your water on hot to get it firing like new once again. 10. Couch & Furniture Cleaner Help eliminate smells in your furniture by pouring 1/4 cup of vinegar into a spray bottle followed by two tablespoons of fabric softener. Top off the bottle with water, shake it up well, and spray a light coat over the furniture. Once done, get a dry towel and rub into the fabric in a smooth, circular motion until dry. All 10 of these vinegar-based life hacks were put together by HouseholdHacker . Be sure to share your experience with any of them via the comment section below. 
The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune ",0
4857,A Suburban Experiment Aims for Free Energy - The New York Times,"FONTANA, Calif.  —   At first glance, Anthony and Vanessa Genau’s home in a subdivision beneath the San Gabriel Mountains here is like any other gracious new suburban dwelling, with an   living space, granite countertops and stainless steel appliances. But, along with 19 other cream, taupe and rust stucco houses that cradle the landscaped playgrounds here, it is actually something else: a   testing ground for an energy system of the very near future. With a combination of rooftop solar panels, smart thermostats, advanced water heaters and other   features, the homes are all built with a similar goal: to make at least as much energy as they use over a year. It’s a concept known as zero net energy, and the cluster of homes here represents one of the nation’s largest experiments to see if zero net energy can be put into wider use. “It’s not that it cannot be done,” said Ram Narayanamurthy, technical executive at the Electric Power Research Institute, a nonprofit   group that is conducting the study. “The question that we’re trying to answer is, ‘Can it be done for everyone? ’” That question has particular urgency in California, whose goal is that all new homes be   or the equivalent by 2020. But as the price of installing and operating   technologies has plummeted, builders across the country are increasingly offering homes with the promise of comfort along with low  —   or almost no  —   electric bills. Since 2013, the Energy Department has certified about 700 homes as “  ready,” meaning that the addition of a renewable energy system, generally solar, would offset most or all of its annual energy consumption. With thousands more in the pipeline, said Sam Rashkin, chief architect of the building technologies office, the department expects to certify roughly 1, 000 this year and 3, 000 in 2017. “We’re on that inflection point on the growth curve,” he said. “We’re proving the business case to a growing number of builders in key pockets of construction around the country. It takes some really good examples by leading builders to showcase just how   and technically achievable these specifications are. ” Denver is a leading market, with thousands of   homes on the way in developments like Stapleton and Sterling Ranch, he said, although there are many others in New England, New York and the Carolinas.   developers, including Habitat for Humanity, are also active in building the homes. Although the efficiency features can be more costly, they are often offset by energy savings and other economies. The proliferation of   homes comes as the power industry and its regulators struggle to adapt an old power system  —   in which large, centralized power plants distribute energy to thousands of homes  —   to new approaches and technologies. The explosive growth of rooftop solar in states like Hawaii, Arizona and California has upended not only utility business models but also patterns of supply and demand. Solar power, by its nature, is intermittent, which places strain on utilities and grid operators that need to meet homeowners’ energy demands at night when the sun is not shining, while also taking in the excess energy rooftop solar systems produce during daylight hours. Although the proportion of homes with solar is not yet high enough in most markets to cause major problems, industry executives and analysts say it is important to begin studying how that and other technologies affect the nation’s power grid now. “We know very little about how all these devices interact  —   we have so much to learn,” said Mark Duvall, director of energy utilization at the Electric Power Research Institute. “Hopefully at the end of the day we can contribute to a greater understanding of how these technologies work together and what it really means going forward. ” To do that, Mr. Narayanamurthy said, it was important to conduct the study, in partnership with the California Public Utilities Commission and its program manager, Itron, in real homes with people using them the way they normally would. But they also needed to have groups of homes clustered on individual transformers to allow them to compare the results with the traditional method of providing power. With that information, they can determine the value for homeowners and grid system operators of adding features like solar panels, heat pumps and, in some cases, battery storage. They found a willing collaborator in Meritage, a leading builder of   homes, and are expanding the test program to additional subdivisions in Southern California, the Central Valley and the Bay Area. For buyers, part of the appeal of a home built to be   is that they do not have to change their behavior to save energy. At Meritage, the company insulates every house with spray foam, sharply reducing the amount of heating and cooling needed, and allowing smaller or fewer units to be installed. Making the homes even more efficient are   windows that help retain or keep out heat (depending on the need) LED lighting and advanced water heaters that work by funneling heat from the ambient air into the water. All of the test homes have SunPower rooftop solar systems, which are among the most efficient on the market. And because they were designed along with the houses, the arrays can be oriented for maximum production. Half of the test homes also have energy storage systems with LG batteries and Eguana inverters, which help manage the flow of electricity between the solar installation, home and grid, to allow researchers to test and compare how much value they add. The houses come equipped with A. O. Smith water heaters that can be remotely controlled and Trane smart thermostats that can manage all the equipment and can connect to cameras and security systems. If homeowners feel any effect, it is in the pocketbook, at least initially. The houses, all with three or four bedrooms, cost more than the $373, 990 to $476, 990 standard for the subdivision about 20 minutes west of San Bernardino. But because the cost is wrapped into the mortgage, and paid over an extended period of time, it is more easily affordable, and the larger payments are generally offset by the savings on energy bills. “With this stuff thrown in you can afford a lot more house, and you get a lot more value,” Mr. Genau, 31, said. Back in the East, where the Genaus’ previous house had a big foyer, their energy bills could go as high as $500 a month. “I’d rather be cold sometimes than see the bill,” Ms. Genau, 29, said. “It was ridiculous. ” Their energy bill now? About $10. And they feel little effect, living in comfort and controlling the temperature in the different zones of their      home from a smartphone. “I think I did a dance or something when I saw it  —   it was so cool,” she said, adding that if she feels it’s getting warm, she will sometimes turn on the   from her pew at church, where they often brag about the house. “I think they get tired of us talking about it,” she said.",0
4858,Black Designers in Focus at Fashion Institute of Technology - The New York Times,"What do the satin leotard of the Playboy Bunny, Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis’s first wedding gown and a wool jacquard Savile Row suit from 2016 have in common? All were created by people of African descent, a new exhibition, called “Black Fashion Designers,” at the Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology will gently remind  —   or perhaps inform  —   its visitors. This is far from the first time F. I. T. which takes care to diversify its mannequins and hosted the   Harveys Bristol Cream Tribute to the Black Designer in the 1980s, has honored minorities in the industry. But “a lot of contributions have been overlooked,” Ariele Elia, the assistant curator of costume and textiles, who conceived the show, said during a tour on Tuesday, the day before it opened. “We wanted to bring attention to the history that people have forgotten and show some of the new faces that people might not be familiar with. ” And name the names, which include, corresponding to the garments above: Zelda Wynn Valdes, Ann Lowe and Ozwald Boateng. Making no claim to comprehensiveness, the show nonetheless packs a wide cultural range into a relatively small   space. It is easily navigated, should Ms. Elia be unavailable, with an app introduced by the booming voice of the Vogue contributing editor André Leon Talley, who served on the advisory committee (along with the longtime Ebony commentator Audrey Smaltz, one of many   muses featured). “The show is about black makers, models and designers, as opposed to ‘black style,’ ” said Elizabeth Way, a curatorial assistant who worked with Ms. Elia, underscoring what might today be obvious but bears repeating: “There really isn’t a black style. ” Some designers draw consistently from ancient African traditions, like the   Duru Olowu, whose   ensemble opens the exhibition, and Mimi Plange, from Ghana and then California, whose quilting on a pink dress mimics the body art of scarification and who has been championed (among many other independent designers) by the first lady, Michelle Obama. “This is, like, our last tribute to Michelle,” Ms. Elia said with palpable wistfulness. There are items as casual as the    printed shift designed by Laura Smalls that Mrs. Obama wore in July to do a “Carpool Karaoke” segment with the   talk show host James Corden. And looks as formal as an evening dress designed by Eric Gaskins inspired by the painter Franz Kline, a white column adorned with what looked like big black brush strokes. “Done with tiny microbugle beads!” Ms. Way said. “He crushed them down into almost nothing. ” (In recent years, Mr. Gaskins has been known for crushing the hot klieg lights of the fashion industry down to almost nothing on his addictively candid blog, the Emperor’s Old Clothes.) Some pieces are familiar, thanks to show business celebrities, like a racy black lace gown by LaQuan Smith worn  —   barely  —   by Kim Kardashian to a yacht party in Cannes in 2015, and a   and   minidress by CD Greene that Tina Turner chose for her “Wildest Dream” tour in 1996. “She was having a problem showing up on stage, so she needed something that would really make her shine,” Ms. Way said. Perhaps intuiting their own obsolescence, stars are now requesting something that actually makes them light up, and the young “creative technologist” Madison Maxey has been working on such innovations at her lab in the Brooklyn Navy Yard. But her contribution here is subtler: a    print on hemp whose belt incorporates recycled computer and headphone cords (radically revising the old phrase “waste not, no waist”). Ecological concern also crops up in a   knit from yarn spun out of plastic ocean waste by   Raw, the label   by the musician Pharrell Williams. This is in a section devoted to protest through clothing that showcases Kerby  ’s “They Have Names,” a homage to 13 unarmed black men who were killed by the police. “People are interested in this because it’s so timely,” Ms. Way said, “but we wanted to show that black designers have been working with activism for a very long time. ” Some of this activism centered around AIDS, which felled Karl Davis at 25 after only six collections, the last containing a sleek evening gown with Chanelesque back pockets that stands here as a sober monument to talent not fully realized. And in midcareer, Patrick Kelly, renowned not just for bright button embellishments but for his seizing back of racist figures like the pickaninny and golliwog, and Willi Smith, who found mass success designing for a new wave of working women, mixing patterns with joyful abandon. For a brief shining moment, after advancements in civil rights, there was also newfound freedom after hours at the disco, with its court costumers like Stephen Burrows, he of the lettuce edge (like the Toll House cookie, a happy accident) James Daugherty and Scott Barrie. “Designers were breaking away from structuralism of the ’60s, and getting into something more ” Ms. Way said, then made a sudden break from  . “I think just really it was all about the music. ” But she acknowledged that in the current political climate the show’s title is a provocation  —   or, perhaps, an invitation. “You can say ‘black designers’ but that doesn’t give you any other information,” Ms. Way said. ”Except how much they’ve been left out. ”",0
4859,Three-Time Oscar-Winner Daniel Day-Lewis Retires from Acting,"    actor Daniel   announced his retirement from acting on Tuesday. [The    screen legend  —   considered by many to be among the greatest actors of his generation  —   said in a statement through his publicist that he had made a “private decision” to quit acting, and no further reason was given for the abrupt announcement.  “Daniel   will no longer be working as an actor. He is immensely grateful to all of his collaborators and audiences over the many years,” the star’s publicist, Leslee Dart, said in a statement to Variety. “This is a private decision and neither he nor his representatives will make any further comment on this subject. ”   is the only actor to have won three Best Actor Academy Awards (Jack Nicholson and Walter Brennan each won three apiece, but not all in the lead Actor category) for his roles in Lincoln (2012) There Will Be Blood (2007) and My Left Foot (1989). The actor was also nominated for two additional Oscars for his roles in Gangs of New York (2002) and In the Name of the Father (1993). He also earned critical acclaim for roles in other films including The Boxer (1997) The Age of Innocence (1993) and The Last of the Mohicans (1992).   was a master of method acting and would often remain in character during the entire duration of a film’s shoot. During the filming of My Left Foot, in which he played quadriplegic writer and artist Christy Brown,   was reported to have broken two ribs by refusing to exit his character’s wheelchair for weeks. According to Variety, the actor listened to Eminem records to get into character as the violent, murderous William “Bill the Butcher” Cutting.   was also known to be extremely picky about his projects, often waiting years in between roles. The actor is scheduled to appear in one more film later this year, a drama set in the fashion world of 1950s London called Phantom Thread, directed by his There Will Be Blood collaborator Paul Thomas Anderson. The film is set to be released on Christmas Day.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
4860,"Iceland Carbon Dioxide Storage Project Locks Away Gas, and Fast - The New York Times","For years, scientists and others concerned about climate change have been talking about the need for carbon capture and sequestration. That is the term for removing carbon dioxide from, say, a   power plant’s smokestack and pumping it deep underground to keep it out of the atmosphere, where it would otherwise contribute to global warming. C. C. S. as the process is known, has had a spotty record so far. While there are some projects being designed or under construction, only one power plant, in Canada, currently captures and stores carbon on a commercial scale (and it has been having problems). Keeping a lot of CO2 out of the atmosphere would require a costly expansion of the technology to many more power plants and other industrial facilities. Among the concerns about sequestration is that carbon dioxide in gaseous or liquid form that is pumped underground might escape back to the atmosphere. So storage sites would have to be monitored, potentially for decades or centuries. But scientists at   Earth Observatory at Columbia University and other institutions have come up with a different way to store CO2 that might eliminate that problem. Their approach involves dissolving the gas with water and pumping the resulting mixture  —   soda water, essentially  —   down into certain kinds of rocks, where the CO2 reacts with the rock to form a mineral called calcite. By turning the gas into stone, scientists can lock it away permanently. One key to the approach is to find the right kind of rocks. Volcanic rocks called basalts are excellent for this process, because they are rich in calcium, magnesium and iron, which react with CO2. Iceland is practically all basalt, so for several years the researchers and an Icelandic utility have been testing the technology on the island. The project, called CarbFix, uses carbon dioxide that bubbles up naturally with the hot magma that powers a geothermal electrical generating plant 15 miles east of the capital, Reykjavik (Read more about it here). In 2012, they pumped about 250 tons of carbon dioxide, mixed with water, about 1, 500 feet down into porous basalt. The CO2 was laced with a radioactive isotope and there were other compounds in the water that helped the researchers trace its spread into the rock. Early signs were encouraging: Among other things, a submerged pump that was used to obtain samples of the mixture as it spread underground stopped working after a while because it got gummed up by calcite. And now the scientists have reported more authoritative evidence that their technology works, in a paper published in the journal Science. The scientists found that about 95 percent of the carbon dioxide was converted into calcite. And even more important, they wrote, the conversion happened relatively quickly  —   in less than two years. “It’s beyond all our expectations,” said Edda Aradottir, who manages the project for the utility, Reykjavik Energy. Rapid conversion of the CO2 means that a project would probably have to be monitored for a far shorter time than a more conventional sequestration site. There are still concerns about whether the technology will prove useful in the fight against global warming. For one thing, it would have to be scaled up enormously. For another, a lot of water is needed  —   25 tons of it for every ton of CO2  —   along with the right kind of rock. But the researchers say that there is enough porous basaltic rock around, including in the ocean floors and along the margins of continents. And siting a sequestration project in or near the ocean could potentially solve the water problem at the same time, as the researchers say seawater would work just fine.",0
4861,Whoopi: Are the Trump Administration Values ’Really Much Different than the Taliban’s’? - Breitbart,"Tuesday on ABC’s “The View,”   Whoopi Goldberg wondered if  the “values” of Trump administration are “really much different than the Taliban’s?”  Goldberg said, “We also keep hearing about terrorists hating our American values. We had this conversation yesterday. So let me ask you now —   now, we have had a leader who’s repeatedly demeaned women, wants to defund organizations that benefit woman, calling on the media to shut up, specifically wants to give preferential treatment based on religion, are these values really much different than the Taliban’s?” When asked if she was talking about Trump’s values, Goldberg continued, “Well no, the values that we are listening to. One of the things that you read yesterday was the piece of the  …    the language in the ban, which was about if you disrespect women. So yesterday I was thinking about this. All of these things that I have been hearing, have our values changed? What’s happened? Are we still fighting  —   She continued, “I feel like, listen, if you’re saying to the media shut up  —   that’s what they do. Maybe they didn’t start out chopping people’s heads off, maybe they started out differently. I’m asking. It, it feels like it’s tricky. Because we’re saying to people, here are our American values, and then we’re saying on the same token stuff that sounds exactly like the stuff we’re fighting. ” She concluded, “That brings me back to this question, it brings me back to the question. So the question is, when you put some of these things side by side —  what kind of religion you’re supposed to have, you’re supposed to have one religion  …    When he says there’s preferential treatment for Christians, forgetting the other religions out there  …    You know here’s the thing, we have a Constitution that says these are the things that we don’t do. This is what makes us different from everybody else. Our media, nobody tells our media to shut up and just take it. Nobody. That’s not American. That is the Taliban  …    My question is, what’s happening?” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
4862,What The 2016 Election Has Exposed,"There are some things that we have learned about the United States from this election. We’ll need to keep these in mind as we make efforts to return sanity to society.
The federal government has been corrupted Probably the most shocking lesson of this election is that the entire federal government has been coopted to serve a single party—the Democrats. The best example of this was the behavior of FBI Director James Comey. The FBI is part of the Executive branch of government so Comey reports to Loretta Lynch, who in turn reports to Obama. Despite this fact, one expects that the FBI be allowed a high degree of discretion to honestly investigate individuals regardless of which political party they belong to. After all, the US was founded upon the idea that we are all equal before the law.
Comey’s actions reveal that the FBI has thrown equality before the law out the window. At first the FBI investigated Clinton’s use of an unsecure, personal email server to conduct national business while she was Secretary of State. But even though Clinton apparently violated several laws that have gotten other people severe jail sentences, Comey exonerated her back in July with a hand slap.
In a move that surprised everyone, Comey re-opened on October 28th the criminal investigation of Clinton after 650,000 emails State Department emails were found on pervert Anthony Weiner’s computer. Trump supporters rejoiced and Hillary supporters expressed outrage. But the White House calmly called Comey “a man of integrity.” Did they know something we didn’t?
It turns out the fix was in from the beginning because just 48 hours before election day, Comey exonerated Clinton again . The FBI director likely intended to clear Clinton of wrongdoing before the election to defuse Donald Trump’s criticism of her.
The big lesson is that the law is applied selectively. Wealthy, politically-connected people don’t need to play by the same rules as everyone else. Unless this situation is corrected, it means the rule of law is dead—and that is a very grave lesson indeed.
The elites are in control but… Elites want you to believe they are super smart and super powerful like the Great Oz.
I’ve written many times about the control that globalist elites exert on the country through their control of the media, educational institutions, and politicians through the form of bribes (donations, cushy job offers, speaking fees). By controlling the flow of information and setting the narrative, the globalists are able to control the masses like cattle. The good news is that their control is not complete. They are not omnipotent.
The weakness of the elites has been demonstrated in three ways. The first was with the Brexit vote. When Prime Minister David Cameron agreed to hold a referendum on the UK’s membership in the EU, he never dreamed that Britons would actually vote to leave. All the polls at the time showed that any movement to leave would go down in flames. Still, through the work of men like Nigel Farage and Boris Johnson, the British populace voted to leave the EU. The Brits on the leave side had to endure being called racist and look past polling that said they had no chance to win.
The second way was the campaign of Trump himself. The GOP had planned a coronation for Jeb Bush. The rest of the GOP field was “me too” candidates who were virtually indistinguishable from Jeb. Trump came in with an uncompromising message and crushed Jeb and the rest of the little Jebs. The elite plan to have Hillary versus a weak conservative was completely thrown into disarray by Trump’s campaign. Even if Trump has lost the general, it is still a victory because now, instead of seeing the Great Oz, we see the globalists behind the curtain.
The third manifestation of the weakness of the elites is the rise of the Alt Right. A tiny group of young people on the internet was able to quickly wake up large segments of the population. Only a year ago, terms like nationalism and globalism were rarely heard in the US. Now, we have grandmothers in Texas tweeting about how we need to lay the axe to the globalists.
The overall lesson is that we should not fear the globalist elite. They exist and they are able to fool a majority of the population, but not all of us. With sound strategy, they can be defeated.
The Elite have completely divorced themselves from non-elites 
In the past, Europe had an aristocracy. This aristocracy had a close relationship with the rest of the people in the country. The aristocracy was expected to defend the nation in case of war. They also had the same religion as the rest of the country. We already knew that the modern “aristocracy” of the globalist elites has no responsibilities toward the rest of us, but, thanks to WikiLeaks, we have now learned that they don’t even share the same religion.
WikiLeaks revealed that Hillary Clinton and her campaign manager are close friends with Marina Abramovic, a Serbian artist who performs occult rituals she calls “ spirit cooking .” Spirit cooking appears to be set of magical rituals that use bodily fluids such as menstrual blood, urine, and semen to achieve certain goals, usually sex-related. It also involves at least minor sacrifices: one “recipe” calls for cutting one’s figure and “eat[ing] the pain.”
While spirit cooking is certainly grotesque, it is not my intention to focus on it except to point out that it has become a sort of initiation ritual into the US globalist elite. Hillary Clinton, John Podesta, Jay-Z and Beyonce, Lady Gaga, and Gwen Stefani have all attended these rituals and I would not be surprised to learn that many other politicians, CEOs, and bankers also participate. Getting invited to one of these spirit cooking sessions means that you have gained entry into the wealthy elite in the US. There are probably similar groups or rituals for the modern day European elites.
There are several things at work here. Most of the spirit cooking participants probably don’t believe in the efficacy of the spirit cooking ritual. It is more like a college fraternity initiation. It only means something in terms of one’s social standing. Also, the satanic imagery of spirit cooking and its sexual overtones are big middle fingers to Christianity which our elite regard as the religion of the unwashed masses.
In both of these ways, our modern “elite” have separated themselves from the rest of us. They don’t share the same destiny as us. If the country starts going to hell, the wealthy elite can just pick up and move to another country or they can live in small, heavily guarded compounds, untouched by the damage their policies have caused. And they even lack a common morality with us. In their own eyes, their wealth has somehow put them beyond the traditional moral code that guides the rest of us.
The fact that the elites have no regard for the rest of the country does not bode well for them. The aristocracy of old knew that their fortune was bound up with that of their countrymen. The modern elite lack this wisdom. Once enough of the hoi polloi realize it, it is only a matter of time before these pseudo-elites are deposed from their pedestal.
Conclusion With Trump’s election, the problem of federal government being used for political purposes will be mitigated. However, the problems with our indulgent pseudo-elite will continue to be a force that prevents the patriarchy from returning. In any case, we can be grateful that the election of 2016 has exposed some of the cancers that are eating away at our society.
Read More: Rigged: FBI Reveals It Has Evidence Hillary Clinton Broke Law, But Will Not Prosecute 
",0
4863,Wikileaks: Bill Clinton BOASTS of Hillary’s ‘Working Relationship’ with Terrorist Organization,"Print 
The bombshells about this criminal are now breaking daily. It’s not a question of Trump, it is an imperative that Hillary be defeated. If the people choose Hillary, then they must and will be punished. 
“Wikileaks: Bill Clinton Boasts of Hillary’s ‘Working Relationship’ with Muslim Brotherhood,” By John Hayward , Breitbart, October 26, 2016: 
In a speech Bill Clinton gave at the home of Mehul and Hema Sanghani in October 2015, revealed to the public for the first time by WikiLeaks, former President Bill Clinton touted Hillary Clinton’s “working relationship” with the Muslim Brotherhood ’s Mohamed Morsi in Egypt as an example of her diplomatic skills.President Clinton also gave his wife a lot of credit for negotiating the Iran nuclear deal, in a passage that began with the standard Democrat “stuff happens” shrugging defense for foreign policy failures: 
Finally, we live in a world, as I said, that’s full of good news and bad news. The United States cannot control it all, but we need a president who’s most likely to make as many good things happen as possible, and most likely to prevent big, bad things from happening. You can’t keep every bad thing from happening; who’s most likely to be able to get people involved in a positive way. Even the people who don’t like the Iran nuclear agreement concede it never would have happened if it hadn’t been for the sanctions. Hillary negotiated those sanctions and got China and Russia to sign off – something I thought she’d never be able to do. I confess. I’m never surprised by anything she does, but that surprised me. I didn’t think she could do it. The Chinese and the Russians to see past their short-term self-interest to their long-term interest and not sparking another nuclear arms race. 
And when the Muslim Brotherhood took over in Egypt, in spite of the fact that we were (inaudible), she developed a working relationship with the then-president and went there and brokered a ceasefire to stop a full-scale shooting war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza, which on top of what was going on in Syria and the (inaudible) Jordan would have been a calamity for the world. 
And when we were trying to reset our relations with Russia under President Medvedev, she and her team negotiated a New START Treaty, which limits warheads and missiles. And she lobbied it through the Senate. She had to get 67 votes, which means a lot of these Republicans who say that they don’t like her now are just kidding for election season. They trusted her, and she got it passed. You can’t get 67 votes in the Senate without a lot of Republican support. And I don’t know about you, but with all this tension and Mr. Putin trying to affect the outcome of the conflict in Syria, I think it’s a very good thing that we’re in a lower risk of any kind of accidental nuclear conflict with the Russians. She did that. 
You’ll rarely find a more tortured political framing of the Iran debacle than Bill Clinton boasting that the sanctions Barack Obama lifted were super-awesome, as even those who don’t think those sanctions should have been lifted agree. 
Mr. Clinton’s version of the Iran sanctions leaves out a few details , such as Russia’s keen financial interest in keeping Iranian energy out of the European market, and China’s desire to use Iran sanctions as a geopolitical bargaining chip. 
But the part about the Muslim Brotherhood is most interesting. If anything, he is selling Hillary Clinton’s “working relationship” with Egyptian Islamists short, because she used American diplomatic leverage for Morsi’s benefit even before he got elected, warning Egyptians about “backtracking” to a military regime at a key moment of the post-Mubarak campaign, when Morsi was running against a former member of Hosni Mubarak’s military. There have long been rumors that more subtle forms of U.S. “ pressure ” were used to secure Morsi’s office, as well. 
Then again, in public pronouncements, Clinton called Hosni Mubarak’s tottering regime “stable” and cautioned her Obama Administration colleagues against “pushing a longtime partner out the door.” 
A few days ago, declassified State Department documents revealed Clinton’s talking points for a 2012 meeting with Morsi hailed his election as a “milestone in Egypt’s transition to democracy,” and stated that she was to offer the Muslim Brotherhood leader “technical expertise and assistance from both the U.S. government and private sector to support his economic and social programs.” 
Clinton was also supposed to privately offer Morsi assistance with his police and security forces, which would be conducted “quite discreetly.” 
After Morsi was gone, she declared herself exasperated with Egyptian political culture and declared herself a cynical “realist.” That is pretty much the opposite of what everyone in the Obama Administration was saying while the “Arab Spring” was in the midst of springing its little surprises on autocratic but America-aligned (or at least America-fearing) regimes, which we were all supposed to feel guilty about selfishly supporting for so long. 
As for Clinton’s superb working relationship with Morsi, that eventually ended with Morsi’s wife railing against Clinton for supposedly dismissing him as “a simpleton who was unfit for the presidency,” and threatening to publish letters from Clinton to Morsi that would damage the former U.S. Secretary of State. Meanwhile, Mohammed Morsi is developing a solid working relationship with the Egyptian penitentiary system . 
Egypt has one of those icky military governments again, and while it won’t have fond memories of Hillary Clinton’s support for the Muslim Brotherhood regime, it will most likely work with whoever wins the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Therefore, a prospective President Hillary Clinton probably won’t suffer too much from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s appalling lapses in judgment. 
Article reposted with permission from PamelaGeller.com",0
4864,Cherry Blossoms in Washington Could Peak Early - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The iconic blossoming cherry trees that ring the Tidal Basin here have symbolized the arrival of spring for nearly a century. This year, they will be one more sign of wacky and warming weather. The National Park Service, which maintains the trees, said on Wednesday that the pink and white blossoms could reach their peak as soon as March 14, a full three weeks earlier than normal. If the flowers indeed pop on that date, it will be the earliest bloom on record. That is thanks to springlike weather that has made a roaring early advance across much of the United States in recent weeks, breaking records from New England to the Deep South and punctuating a mild winter. In Texas, which experienced temperatures in the high 80s on several days in February, flowers and trees are in bloom well ahead of schedule. Chicago has had only dustings of snow so far this year  —   far below the 9. 1 inches expected in February. And in New York State, maple syrup producers started tapping their trees two months before they normally do. “The key thing is it’s not just the East Coast and the blooming of cherry blossoms,” said Kevin Trenberth, a climatologist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research. “This is going on all over the world. ” Here in Washington, the warmth has organizers of the annual National Cherry Blossom Festival, a monthlong series of performances and other events, racing to meet the early flowering. Diana Mayhew, the festival’s president, said officials made the decision on Tuesday to begin five days earlier than planned, on March 15, after representatives from the Park Service briefed them on their forecast. Ms. Mayhew said she expected as many as a million and a half people to take part in the   festival, with many of them crowding the   pathways that line the Tidal Basin from dawn to well past dusk. The cherry trees date to 1912, when Japan gave some 3, 000 of them to the United States as a gesture of friendship. Only a handful of the original trees remain, but thousands more have been planted since. Michael Litterst, a spokesman for the National Park Service, said the agency made its annual bloom prediction based on history, natural indicators on the trees and the weather forecast. The trees are considered to be in peak bloom when 70 percent of the basin’s most common variety, Yoshino, are in flower. In a typical year, that comes on April 4. But not this year. Given the mild winter and rare February warmth, the Park Service says the peak should come between March 14 and 17, depending on the weather in the coming weeks. The record, set in 1990, is March 15. Like much of the central and eastern United States, Washington has seen a winter of record and   warmth. February here was the warmest on record, with average temperatures almost 9 degrees above normal and one degree higher than a normal March. This year may be a partial anomaly, Mr. Litterst said, but the average date of peak bloom has shifted forward by almost five days since record keeping began in 1921. On Thursday, as wind cutting across the Tidal Basin tossed heavy buds through the air, a small group of blossom hunters clustered near a lone, rippling flower that they said they were happy to welcome early. Ryan Cook was delighted to be among them. On a work trip to the capital with his son, Noah, Mr. Cook had been monitoring the blossoms’ development online in hopes of catching a glimpse before leaving town. As they stopped to take a picture, though, Mr. Cook said he was a bit uneasy with a winter that even at home in Morral, Ohio, has been unusually warm  —   “scarily so. ” “Just the fact that winter isn’t what it used to be  —   it just doesn’t make sense,” he said, saying it was almost certainly a sign of the changing climate that scientific studies describe. “I’ll go with the scientists. ”",0
4865,Armstrong: Stop Trying to Make Temple Attacks About Race,"Jenice Armstrong, Philly, October 26, 2016 
The Temple attacks were about troublemaking teens–not race. 
The youngsters who jumped those college students as they walked to campus Friday night are delinquents who need to be put in check before it’s too late. 
They were nothing but miscreants who took out their aggression and misdirected rage on random passersby. Why? Because they felt like wilding out that night. They were out to create chaos, so they did. 
So, don’t talk to me about gentrification in North Philly. 
Don’t talk to me about poverty. 
Don’t talk to me about race relations. 
Those are whole other conversations and not what these attacks were about. 
No one was safe from these teens that night. Not the six Temple students who were injured. Not the Temple police officer knocked from her bicycle by a 15-year-old. Not even a police horse. Anyone could have gotten caught up in that madness. 
According to news reports, a crowd of 150 youngsters started gathering after an Instagram advertised an 8 p.m. meet-up at the AMC North Broad Street 7 (formerly the Pearl Theater at Avenue North), on Broad Street near Oxford at the southern end of the campus. 
{snip} 
Most of the high schoolers who responded to the online posting were good kids looking to socialize. But then the delinquents did what they often do and ruined it for everybody. 
According to police, a group of 20 to 30 boys and girls in their early to late teens randomly attacked Temple students as they returned from a football game at Lincoln Financial Field. 
{snip} 
People keep trying to make this a racial thing because at least two of the victims were white and all of the assailants were African American. They make that assumption even though we don’t know the race of the other injured students. (Lots of African Americans go to Temple.) Nor do we know the race of the injured officers. 
Street violence is street violence. It knows no skin color. {snip} 
{snip} 
Another student, a junior environmental science major who didn’t give her name, told a website called theTab.com, “My boyfriend ran and got away but the second I tried to run, they grabbed me by my hair and started beating my head and back. 
“I remember shoes coming for my face and after that I heard other kids from the group saying, ‘Yo chill, yo chill, it’s just a girl,’ and they pulled my attackers off me.” 
{snip} 
Temple has promised increased security, but when it comes to random street violence, anything can happen to anyone–black or white.",0
4866,George Mason Univ. Gets Their Fascism On – Who Knew It Was A Crime To Hang Anti-Terrorism Posters?,"  George Mason Univ. Gets Their Fascism On – Who Knew It Was A Crime To Hang Anti-Terrorism Posters? George Mason Univ. Gets Their Fascism On – Who Knew It Was A Crime To Hang Anti-Terrorism Posters? November 17, 2016, 2:00 pm by Terresa Monroe-Hamilton Leave a Comment 0 
NoisyRoom.net 
My friend and compatriot Oleg Atbashian found that out the hard way. Imagine my surprise this morning to find out he had been roughed up and arrested in Fairfax, Virginia. His crime was hanging anti-terrorism posters on the university campus. Oh, and bonus… he wasn’t even read his rights. He is now out on $8,000 bail for putting up pro-Israel posters to combat a pro-Islamist conference at George Mason University. He faces the very real prospect of five years in prison for allegedly committing a “class 6 felony.” 
Oleg is an artistic genius. His satirical site, The People’s Cube , is one of the very best out there. Oleg did the graphics for NoisyRoom and has done work for Trevor Loudon and Cliff Kincaid as well. He is a member of a small circle of commie hunters out there. We all have very long memories and we take it very personally when one of our own is treated like this. 
Oleg: “Back in my Soviet dissident days, when I was collecting signatures in defense of Andrei Sakharov, I was screamed at, threatened, and lectured by the KGB and Communist functionaries,” Oleg says. “What I never imagined was that in the United States, the land of the free, I would not only be subjected to similar treatment, but go to jail .” 
Daniel Greenfield of FrontPage Mag and Sultan Knish fame had this to say regarding Oleg: 
Oleg’s mixture of art and satire took off with Communists for Kerry. He’s the mastermind behind The People’s Cube and his tweaking of the radical left and its alliance with Islamic terrorists allowed him to continue the same fight he had pursued in the days of the Soviet Union. But as the US comes to resemble the USSR, political satire and activism carries a serious price. 
This is what happened to Oleg when he put up some of his Freedom Center posters challenging the anti-Semitic environment created by the left’s alliance with Islamic terrorists on campus. 
This was supposed to be a two-day poster campaign, to counteract the George Mason University hosting an official national conference for Students for Justice in Palestine (SJP), which is an anti-Semitic organization with well-documented ties to Hamas – a terrorist group whose stated goal is to exterminate the Jews. The GMU poster campaign was conceived by the David Horowitz Freedom Center. 
In every communist regime or despotic hellhole throughout history, one of the first groups of people they go after are the artists. They are considered especially dangerous. That’s when they aren’t going after Jews of course. Oleg went to GMU to hang posters and stickers against Justice in Palestine. A group that has terrorist connections. Instead he was treated like a domestic terrorist himself. 
The police knew which rental car he had and as they were putting up three posters with wheat paste, the police arrested them for destroying property… it’s totally water soluble and the posters would have washed off with the first rain. Instead of giving Oleg and his partner a citation or a warning, the campus police frisked them, cuffed them and took them in. They wanted to make an example of him. 
Here is the first part of Oleg’s story about persecution for doing nothing more than hanging anti-terrorism posters in defense of Israel and Jews in Virginia: 
My part in it was to create provocative artwork for the posters and to hang them around the GMU campus, as well as to distribute flyers in order to raise awareness among the students, faculty, and the administration about the true meaning of their support for the SJP conference. 
On the first day, my friend and I placed a few stickers on walls, poles, and signs around the GMU campus. We also placed paper flyers inside and outside the university buildings. We had decided to hang the larger posters on the following night, right before the start of the SJP conference. 
Arriving at the campus in the evening, we noticed a large police presence everywhere, including the campus Starbucks. From what we overheard at the tables, the police were on the lookout for people posting “disturbing” flyers. At one point we considered canceling our mission due to this higher risk, but then decided to hang a few posters in new locations, in order to get the message out more effectively. 
We only had time to hang three large posters when, at about 4am, our car was pulled over by a GMU PD cruiser with flashing lights. As we found out later, they already had a description of our rental KIA Optima. Officer M.J. Guston and his female partner, Officer Daniels, requested to see our drivers’ licenses, which they took away. Then they inquired if we had any weapons and proceeded with the visual search, noticing our bucket with mixed wheat paste and some rolled posters on the back seat, covered with towels. 
The police officers took pictures of the contents of our car and retrieved some of the loose fliers from the floor as evidence. They claimed that since we were covering the posters and flyers with towels, we intended to conceal our wrongdoing. We explained that the towels were needed to wipe our hands, to prevent the bucket from spilling, and to stop the papers from rolling around the car, which was the honest truth. 
The officers said we had been photographed while attaching the flyers, but never showed us the actual pictures. They ordered us to give them our car key and to step out of the car. Then we were told to put our hands behind our backs and to spread our legs. Officer Guston then held my thumbs behind my back with his left hand, while his right hand gave me a complete and very thorough pat-down and searched the content of my pockets. He repeated the same procedure with my friend, repeatedly asking us if we had any kind of weapons on us or in the car. 
My friend and I tried to be as friendly and cooperative as the situation allowed, but that had no effect. We were ordered to sit on the curb, as Officer Daniels told us that the content of our posters was violent and disturbing to some students, especially the one with the Hamas terrorist standing in pools of blood over his dead victims. Such interpretation flipped our message on its head entirely, turning it from sympathy for the victims of violence into a threat of violence. 
It dawned on me that the reason they kept searching us and asking about weapons was that they were convinced we were members of some violent militant group of “domestic terrorists” who meant to do harm to the students – a stereotype largely created by the “progressive” media and unscrupulous politicians. And now we, defenseless artists, armed with nothing but brushes and paper, became victims of this manipulative mythology, which caused the police to treat us with extreme prejudice. At the same time, the officers who handled us as if we were terrorists, seemed to be blissfully unaware of the true nature of the SJP they were defending, and their organization’s very real ties to a known terrorist organization with a record of mass murder, kidnappings, and targeting innocent civilians. 
Since they couldn’t find any weapons and our message was protected by the First Amendment, the officers decided to charge us with “destruction of property worth of at least $2,500,” which was a “class 6 felony.” (Editor’s note: According to VA law, intentional destruction of property that is worth $1,000 or more is a class 6 felony, punishable by up to 5 years in prison and a maximum of $2,500 in fines.) They claimed we had “super-glued” our fliers to school signs and it was impossible to peel them off. 
It didn’t matter that we never used permanent glue, or that there could be other volunteers on campus who posted the stickers they could have downloaded online. Our wallpaper paste was made of wheat and water; we only used it on three large posters, which could be easily removed with water and would be washed off by the first rain. The rest were stickers, printed on regular self-adhesive paper found in any office store. They, too, could be easily removed with a tissue soaked in Goo Gone, a common household cleaner found in any dollar store. We even offered to remove any posters and stickers for them, then catch our flights in the morning and never bother them again. But the officers weren’t interested in that. They seemed to have a rather inflexible phantom image of us as dangerous felons and “right-wing extremists” who belonged in jail. 
A phone call that Officer Guston made inside his cruiser seemed to reinforce their determination. Stepping out into the street, he ordered us to put our hands behind our backs and then handcuffed us so tightly that our bruises were painful to the touch even on the following day. Then he emptied our pockets, took away my hat, and placed everything in two plastic bags. 
We were then taken to the back of his police car. Officer Guston never read us our rights ; he simply declared that we were under arrest for committing felony and were going to jail. The partitioned space in the back of his police cruiser was extremely narrow, which forced my friend and I to contort our bodies in order to avoid additional pain from leaning on our tightly handcuffed hands behind our backs. 
The full account can be found at American Thinker… please go there and read it all . It was Oleg this time, but it could be any of us next. 
The arresting officer told them they could never come to GMU again. What happened to free speech and your constitutional rights? These charges should not stick… they were not read their rights and therefore the charges should be dismissed. But with the Progressive courts and judges we have now, who knows what will happen. 
Oleg quoted George Orwell: “If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face – forever.” He adds: “that is what the future of America also will look like if progressivism and political correctness continue to expand their grip on every sphere of life.” 
Oleg survived the Soviet Union and persecution there. He’ll survive this. But it is just disgraceful that in the Land of the Free that someone would be treated this way for exercising free speech. Just shameful and it figures it is in Terry McAuliffe’s state. There was no permanent damage done as claimed… but a man who is an acclaimed Soviet dissident was treated like a domestic terrorist, while the real terrorists were giving lectures on campus. Or is it a crime now to stand up to Islamic extremists and speak out in defense of Israel? 
#StopCampusSupport4Terrorism",0
4867,AG Lynch told FBI Director Comey NOT to go public with the new Clinton email investigation,"Posted 10/31/2016 1:28 pm by PatriotRising with 0 comments 
According to a report in the New Yorker, James Comey, Big Kahuna of the FBI, went full-on cowboy in releasing details of the new Clinton email inquiry. Apparently, the Department of Justice advised him not to release the information just days before the presidential election. 

Gosh. I wonder if the same advice would have been given if it was Donald Trump who was being investigated by the FBI. 

Comey explained his decision in a letter to FBI employees : 

“We don’t ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed. I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.” 

The DoJ – and by DoJ I mean Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who famously had a secret meeting on an airport tarmac with Bill Clinton to talk about her non-existent grandchildren – is implying that Comey is not playing fair and that the move is inconsistent with the rules which have been designed to make it seem like they are not interfering in an election. 

Here’s Comey’s letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee: 
Really? 

The DoJ thinks that the public shouldn’t know that the person they may be voting for is being investigated by the FBI? 

That’s the most absurd thing I have heard for quite some time, and considering this election, that’s really saying something. 

This is from the New Yorker report, emphasis mine. 

On Friday, James Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, acting independently of Attorney General Loretta Lynch , sent a letter to Congress saying that the F.B.I. had discovered e-mails that were potentially relevant to the investigation of Hillary Clinton’s private server. Coming less than two weeks before the Presidential election, Comey’s decision to make public new evidence that may raise additional legal questions about Clinton was contrary to the views of the Attorney General, according to a well-informed Administration official. Lynch expressed her preference that Comey follow the department’s longstanding practice of not commenting on ongoing investigations, and not taking any action that could influence the outcome of an election, but he said that he felt compelled to do otherwise . 

Comey’s decision is a striking break with the policies of the Department of Justice, according to current and former federal legal officials. Comey, who is a Republican appointee of President Obama, has a reputation for integrity and independence, but his latest action is stirring an extraordinary level of concern among legal authorities, who see it as potentially affecting the outcome of the Presidential and congressional elections. ( source ) 

Is this investigation the iceberg to HRC’s Titanic campaign? 

Hillary Clinton has said she finds the development “unprecedented and deeply troubling.” (source ) 

Oh, I’ll bet she does. 

I’ll bet if Trump had been the target of the investigation she would have been up on the stage, gripping the podium to stay upright, saying how wonderful it was that Comey decided to break the news so that voters could be aware that they might be voting for someone who was suspected of having broken federal laws. I’ll bet she’d be saying that the public has a right to know if a candidate was under investigation. I’ll bet she’d take the high road and say that those elected to the office of President of the United States have to be above and beyond reproach. 

Of course, when it’s her, things are a little different, aren’t they? 

We do have a right to know. We absolutely have a right to know that a person who could be elected to know all of the secrets was careless when she only knew some of the secrets. It seems like a no-brainer that the public should know that a candidate is being investigated for a second time for being criminally negligent with information entrusted to her. 

And the fact that we know has severely damaged Clinton’s campaign. Although previous polls were incredibly skewed to the point of being outright fake , it looks like the mainstream is now trying to save face with a new batch of polls. A poll from ABC news and the Washington Post , both hotbeds of liberal voters, has shown that her lead has dropped to within a single point over Donald Trump due to the Clinton email scandal. 

“About a third of likely voters say they’re less likely to support Clinton given FBI Director James Comey’s disclosure Friday that the bureau is investigating more emails related to its probe of Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state. “ 

Finally, some people are actually paying attention to the character of Hillary Clinton. 

But it may not be enough. There was one finding that was astonishing to me, even though it probably shouldn’t be: 

“Given other considerations, 63 percent say it makes no difference.” 

Those are the very people that warning labels were created to protect . 

Meanwhile, on social media, the FBI emails are somehow not a trending topic. It certainly appears that Twitter, Facebook, Snapchat, and Buzzfeed are blacking out the topic. 

My biggest question is this: Why now? 

Why did James Comey, who has probably committed career suicide, along with a potential actual “suicide” via a shot to the back of his own head like others who have run afoul of the Clintons, feel the need to break the news, particularly after giving her a pass during the last investigation? 

Opponents will jump on the fact that he’s a Republican and will say that he did it for political reasons. 

They won’t admit that perhaps he felt guilty for being complicit in letting her off the hook in the first investigation into the Clinton email negligence. 

They will never, ever admit that maybe his integrity and belief in the office he holds made it impossible for him to keep quiet until after the election and that, perhaps, when he was given a chance to right a previous wrong, he took it. 

Clinton isn’t taking it gracefully. 

Clinton’s complaints, which have appeared in the press around the world, make her look even worse than she did before. 

This is from The Telegraph , a UK publication: 

Hillary Clinton was furiously fighting to keep her Presidential bid on track on Saturday night as her lead in the polls narrowed, after the FBI’s bombshell announcement that it had reopened its investigation into her emails. 

James Comey announced on Friday afternoon that fresh evidence had emerged for his investigation into whether Mrs Clinton was criminally negligent in her handling of classified material. 

On Saturday, the latest poll of polls by tracker site RealClearPolitics put Clinton 3.9 percentage points ahead of the Republican nationwide, down from 7.1 points just 10 days previously. 

But wait – it gets better: 

The Clinton campaign has responded with what amounts to a declaration of open warfare against Mr Comey, alleging that his actions are backed by a political motive. And Mrs Clinton herself called the decision “unprecedented” and “deeply troubling”. 

“It’s pretty strange to put something like that out with such little information right before an election,” she complained, addressing cheering supporters at a rally in the must-win state of Florida. 

Democrats questioned the timing of the agency’s decision, which comes as polls showed Mrs Clinton’s lead falling just 10 days before the presidential election. 

“This is like an 18-wheeler smacking into us, and it just becomes a huge distraction at the worst possible time,” said Donna Brazile, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee. 

“The campaign is trying to cut through the noise as best it can. 

“We don’t want it to knock us off our game. But on the second-to-last weekend of the race, we find ourselves having to tell voters, ‘Keep your focus, keep your eyes on the prize.’” 

Hillary’s campaign manager sounds pretty desperate to me. As for the complaints from HRC, they just make her sound like the out-of-touch, money-grabbing, power-hungry, deceitful",0
4868,California Today: Tackling Los Angeles’s Deadly Smog - The New York Times,"Good morning. (Want to get California Today by email? Here’s the  .) More than 1, 300 lives are cut short each year in the Los Angeles area because of air pollution, scientists say. Now, after years of work, regulators are getting ready to adopt their most substantial plan in more than a decade to do something about it. The proposal is outlined in   pages from the South Coast Air Quality Management District, whose jurisdiction extends across Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside and San Bernardino Counties. Not surprisingly, it has set off debate, as critics have called the plan too lenient on industry. “California has made clear that it intends to be a leader on environmental issues,” said Angela Johnson Meszaros, a staff attorney with Earthjustice, an environmental law group. “And here we’ve got the Los Angeles air agency not doing all that it can. ” All sides recognize that industries under the agency’s regulatory power  —   including refineries, ports and warehouses  —   must adopt cleaner technologies. The agreement breaks down over how to get there. The draft blueprint would adopt some tougher emissions rules. But it also calls for a carrot approach: roughly $15 billion in handouts over the next 15 years to encourage polluters to clean up. Some community leaders have portrayed the incentives  —   which would surely involve tax increases  —   as a form of corporate welfare at the expense of   families. But supporters of the plan have argued that they are needed to avoid stifling business. Smaller operators, for example, may not be able to afford a new, cleaner truck. “Obviously you can’t make everybody happy,” said Philip M. Fine, deputy executive officer for the air district. “But we think we’ve developed a sensible, comprehensive and regulatory approach. ” At a public meeting last Friday, the air agency’s board was supposed to vote on a final version of the plan. Hundreds of people showed up, filling overflow rooms. Testimony included stories of the personal toll that asthma is taking on young Californians. Business leaders warned of job losses if the plan were amended to add new rules. In the end, the board postponed the vote, citing the unexpected absence of a member. They’ll try again next month. (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.) • “California in many ways is out of control,” President Trump said in an interview with Bill O’Reilly. [Sacramento Bee] • Mr. Trump’s refugee actions have reverberated in San Diego, a longtime hub for the nation’s new arrivals. [San Diego  ] • In a dorm at University of California, Merced, undocumented students bond over their hopes and fears. [The New York Times] • Milo Yiannopoulos, whose speech at U. C. Berkeley was canceled after protests, said he planned to try again. [Daily Californian] • Californians are using less electricity. Some power plants have even shut down. So why do state officials keep approving new ones? [Los Angeles Times] • The Anaheim White House restaurant is known for helping needy children. Now, after it was damaged by fire, donations are pouring in. [Orange County Register] • Marta Becket died at 92. A New York ballerina and Broadway dancer, she created a cultural institution in the Mojave Desert. [The New York Times] • Airbnb, one of the most aggressive corporate critics of Mr. Trump’s immigration policy, took its opposition to the Super Bowl. [The New York Times] • Tech companies say the   program is needed to find highly skilled employees. But it has also been used to cut jobs. [The New York Times] • Mavericks, a top   surfing event, was canceled after organizers filed for bankruptcy. [The New York Times] • In Bel Air, the most expensive house in the nation is on the market for $250 million, but one is rising nearby that may cost half a billion. [The New York Times] • “Building the Wall,” a response to the Trump era, took just a week to write. A Los Angeles theater will mount the play next month. [The New York Times] • “This Is Us” is the biggest hit for the broadcast networks since “Empire. ” [The New York Times] • Photos: Tom Brady during his days as a high school quarterback in San Mateo. [NBC Bay Area] • The ATT Pebble Beach   kicks off Thursday. Among the pros: Jordan Spieth, Dustin Johnson and the No.   Jason Day. Bill Murray will join the celebrity field. • The Imperial Valley town of Holtville, the   carrot capital of the world, holds its 70th annual Carrot Festival all week. The theme: “We dig carrots. ” • On Saturday, San Francisco hosts its annual Chinese New Year parade. The nighttime celebration will usher in the Year of the Rooster with floats and firecrackers. • The Grammy Awards are Sunday. An   musical tribute to Prince is expected to be among the memorable moments. McWay Falls is among the most photographed of Big Sur’s vistas. For obvious reason  —   the falls tumble 80 feet off a granite cliff into an almost impossibly beautiful cove. Hajer Dlame, 26, a reader from the Bay Area, shared a photo she snapped at sunset while visiting with her mother last month. Alas, the beach itself, part of a state park, is strictly off limits. Visitors are confined to a nearby trail. The upside is McWay Cove has remained an unspoiled slice of the California coast. Want to submit a photo for possible publication? You can do it here. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley.",0
4869,Trump on Election Victory: ’Never Underestimate the People’ - Breitbart,"During his speech at CPAC on Friday, President Trump stated of his election victory, “they all underestimated the power of the people, you, and the people proved them totally wrong. Never  —   and this is so true, and this is what’s been happening, never underestimate the people, never. ”  Trump said, “The media didn’t think we would win.   …     The pundits didn’t think we’d win. The consultants that suck up all that money, oh, they suck it up, they’re so good. They’re not good at politics, but they’re really good at sucking up people’s money, especially my opponents, because I kept them down to a minimum, but the consultants didn’t think we would win. But they all underestimated the power of the people, you, and the people proved them totally wrong. Never  —   and this is so true, and this is what’s been happening, never underestimate the people, never. I don’t think it’ll ever happen again. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
4870,Sniveling Cowards and NeverTrumpers Mitt Romney and John Kasich Reach out to Trump – TruthFeed,"Sniveling Cowards and NeverTrumpers Mitt Romney and John Kasich Reach out to Trump Sniveling Cowards and NeverTrumpers Mitt Romney and John Kasich Reach out to Trump Politics By Amy Moreno November 9, 2016 
Donald Trump won the 2016 election in an epic and historic victory. 
He cleaned Hillary’s clock. 
This is what Trump’s electoral map looks like. 
This looks like a country UNITED. 
Trump’s victory was a thrashing of the political and media elite – the American people rallied against global stooges like Mitt Romney and John Kasich, two morons who unsuccessfully attempted to STOP Trump every step of the way. 
Kasich did not vote for Trump, opting instead to help Hillary by writing-in John McCain’s name. 
Now, however, these twp clowns have changed their tune and tweeted out war congratulations to Donald Trump. 
Screw them. Best wishes for our duly elected president: May his victory speech be his guide and preserving the Republic his aim. 
— Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) November 9, 2016 The American people have spoken and it’s time to come together. Congratulations President-elect @realDonaldTrump . 
— John Kasich (@JohnKasich) November 9, 2016 Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
4871,Marie Kondo: How to Choose Happiness - The New York Times,"This is an article from Turning Points, a magazine that explores what critical moments from this year might mean for the year ahead.  Turning Point: An executive at Ikea declared that the West has reached “peak stuff,” with people owning too many things. The Japanese word “tokimeku” means “to spark joy. ” Someone who is adopting my method of tidying must take a possession of hers and ask: “Does this spark joy for me?” This question is the sole basis for choosing what things to keep in one’s home and what to discard. But can we apply this notion of sparking joy on a larger scale? We live in a disorganized and chaotic world, much of it outside our control. I read recently that more than 80 billion articles of clothing are produced each year, but only a negligible few are recycled. As people’s buying habits shift and technology moves most everything to the cloud, people have been valuing experiences over material things. Some have even pointed out that we may have reached a critical point in terms of mass consumption  —   we’ve reached peak stuff. Though it sometimes may seem like our things are threatening to take over our world, we can focus our energy and determination on choosing what makes us happy, and ultimately change our lives. Asking ourselves whether something sparks joy seems like such a simple process  —   so simple that many people wonder whether it can really be effective. The strength of the “spark joy” standard, however, lies in its ambiguity. Let’s consider, for argument’s sake, more precise standards for what to keep or discard, even for something as basic as clothing. Should the number of jackets you own be fewer than 10? Should you discard clothes that you haven’t worn in more than three years? Rules that adopt concise numerical values may appear to be more practical, which is why society often imposes specific standards on us, such as the amount of money we should earn, the ideal body weight we should maintain or the recommended quantity of food we should consume each day. But what makes one person happy, comfortable and healthy varies for the next, so your individual gold standard can be determined only through your own perspective. This is where the magic question  —   Does it spark joy?  —   comes into play. Continually assessing whether the belongings in your life spark joy allows you to hone your judgment. Over time, your ability to identify what is worth keeping will extend from your home to your career to your relationships. You will be able to discern what makes you happiest and most contented in other aspects of your life. I don’t mean to suggest that tidy homes full of satisfied people who act in accordance with what sparks joy will cure all of our planet’s ills. Yet I believe that people who are pleased with the course and direction of their lives and who have seen what their own determination can achieve can help create a kinder, better world. I’d like to share some ideas on how you can use the concept of tokimeku in your own life. Before you start deciding what sparks joy in your life, you must first get a true sense of the problems you face. For example, when organizing clothes, I ask that you take out all the clothes you own and gather them in one spot, so that you can visually comprehend how much you have. What we don’t often realize is that the furniture and closets in which we store our clothing have a remarkable way of concealing truths we would rather not see (a pilled sweater, for instance, that does not bring any joy). It’s perfectly fine to take advantage of this masking effect on a small scale, but when the amount of things that you don’t need continuously increases  —   along with the time and space that you devote to accumulating those things  —   you will find that it becomes harder to lie to yourself. We also work in much the same way. We often hide our problems inside the closet of our hearts as if they never existed. Whenever my mind clouds over and I feel overwhelmed, I immediately take out a sketchbook. I write down all the emotions that I feel and the possible reasons behind them across a blank white page. Once you’ve pinpointed your problems, identify specific solutions. For each problem, assign a concrete task such as “contact and consult a professional” or “reply immediately with an email. ” These actions should be as clear and specific as possible. Indeed, the ultimate goal of organizing is to remedy the state of untidiness and prevent its recurrence. When choosing these actions, you must never forget to ask yourself whether each action sparks joy and makes sense for you. Once you’ve compiled a list, all you have to do is serenely execute these tasks. I also keep a   list in my sketchbook. Each time I complete a task, I put a checkmark next to it. As I complete the tasks one by one, I get a joyful feeling of lightness, as though I have completely finished tidying up my home. It sounds simple, but this is exactly the moment that sparks joy for me. The “spark joy” standard for tidiness depends on the individual. You cannot force people to tidy, nor should you try. But there can be communal applications for this idea. More and more, I feel that the question of whether something sparks joy becomes all the more effective when people can exchange views and share a common vision for the future. Understanding and appreciating the concept of tokimeku in the midst of a confusing and disorderly world will allow us to clarify our ideals, and help us gain confidence in our ability to lead productive lives and develop a sense of responsibility to those around us. From there, we can act with focus and certainty while improving our lives and our beautiful  —   if still very messy  —   world.",0
4872,"For Many Americans, A Day to Forget","For Many Americans, A Day to Forget November 12, 2016 
For many Americans, Nov. 9 was a time of shock at the surprise election of Donald Trump, but the distress was perhaps strongest in New York City which knows Trump best, writes Michael Winship. 
By Michael Winship 
I would just as soon forget the morning after my father was nearly killed in a car accident and I heard my sister in her bedroom cry out as our mother told her. I would just as soon forget the morning after my father’s store burned to the ground, set ablaze after someone living next door to it fell asleep smoking. Or the morning the pay phone on my college dormitory floor rang and it was my mother telling me my father had died. 
I would just as soon forget the morning after Election Day, 1972. I was on the campaign staff of Democratic presidential candidate George McGovern. I had spent the last couple of weeks in Connecticut. They told us we would lose the state by around 100,000 votes, but we put our shoulders to the wheel and managed to lose it by more than a quarter of a million. Richard Nixon beat us everywhere but Massachusetts and the District of Columbia. People knew about Watergate by then but didn’t yet care very much. It was a cold, rainy drive back to Washington. 
While I’m at it, I’d like to forget the morning after John Lennon was murdered in December 1980. Another cold, rainy day. All of Manhattan was in shock. I took the subway up to 72nd Street and walked to the Dakota, the apartment building where Lennon lived and died. Fans stood on the sidewalks, soaked, holding radios and tape players, blasting his music, leaving sodden flowers and guttering candles on the doorsteps and windowsills. 
And, of course, the morning of 9/11 and the morning after and the morning after that. I live a mile and a half from Ground Zero and saw the towers burn. The day after, we were sealed off from the rest of the city, streets closed to everything but emergency traffic. The smells of burning, of melted metal and other horrors intermittently filled the air, as they would for weeks to come. 
Finally, I would just as soon forget Wednesday morning of this very week, Nov. 9. Donald Trump made his victory speech around 3 a.m. A few hours later, as daylight broke, the sky was overcast with a bit of rain and much of New York had fallen into the pained silence of a deep funk. Some compared it to the city’s mood after 9/11 but no, in 2001 there were almost immediate feelings of defiance and resolve mixed with the loss and sadness. Now there was just bewildered numbness, a physical ache. 
Rejection in the Big Apple 
But a couple of things buoyed me. For one, Donald Trump lost New York City (except for Staten Island) and New York State big time. Here in Manhattan, he received only 10 percent of the vote. Sure, active Democrats outnumber Republicans in the borough by more than 7 to 1 , but from where I sit, 10 percent’s a number for losers. Donald Trump speaking with supporters in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
I know, feeling good about that statistic is a bit of a stretch given the grand scheme of things, but that piddling 10 percent is a reminder that people who live in Manhattan know Donald Trump better than the general population of anywhere else in the country. And we voted no. Loudly. 
Maybe we should have been more vocal about this during the election, sent platoons of Manhattanites out into the rest of the country, telling people just what it’s been like to live with this guy for the past four-plus decades: The bragging and lies, the crass excesses and raging misogyny, the bankruptcies, the high-rise real estate developments that have contributed to both our gross income inequality and the staggering property costs that increasingly force everyone but the very wealthiest out of their homes and small businesses. 
We could have told them about 1989 and how Trump went after five teenagers of color falsely accused of raping a woman jogger in the city’s Central Park, how he took out full-page newspaper ads calling for a return to the death penalty as punishment, how even after the five were exonerated on the basis of solid DNA evidence and another man’s confession, he refused to apologize and continued to insist on their guilt. 
And we could have told them what it’s really like to live on this island of diverse nationalities and ethnicities, of many religions and gender orientations, and the resulting, incredible variety of food, fashion, music and art; how once you’re unavoidably and insistently immersed in our differences, more often than not they’re a cause for celebration and not fear and hate. A lesson yet to be learned by our resident President-elect, who lives in a tower high above such things, but we can hope. 
I feel good, too, that by the end of the day on Wednesday, demonstrators had gathered at the Trump International Hotel on Columbus Circle a couple of blocks from our offices, that thousands more gathered in Union Square downtown, and that all of them marched toward Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue, carrying placards and shouting in protest. Similar actions took place in cities across the nation and continue as I write. 
Condemning those marches and sounding more like the sheriff of Nottingham than his real job, sheriff of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, right-wing Trump surrogate David A. Clarke tweeted , “These temper tantrums from these radical anarchists must be quelled. There is no legitimate reason to protest the will of the people.” Sorry, sheriff — dissent is alive and well. Get used to it these next four years. 
In my lifetime, we’ve managed to survive Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan and two Bushes in the White House. Trump has an excellent chance at being worse than all of them combined. We’ll see. It’s going to be challenging and often frightening. 
I fear there will be plenty more terrible mornings ahead. But as Joe Hill said, “Don’t mourn, organize.” And so we shall. 
Michael Winship is the Emmy Award-winning senior writer of Moyers & Company and BillMoyers.com, and a former senior writing fellow at the policy and advocacy group Demos. Follow him on Twitter at @MichaelWinship . [This article originally appeared at http://billmoyers.com/story/adds-november-9th-mornings-id-rather-forget/ ]",0
4873,The Nuclear Option -- More Fake News: Media Falsely Claim Trump Threatens First Amendment,"President Trump is lashing out against “fake news” in what is quite possibly the greatest   course ever publicly taught in America. [Also, there is Mr. Trump’s relentless interaction with the press. And I don’t just mean the big guys. I mean the little local guys from Poughkeepsie, piped into the White House briefing room for awkward questions asked by disemboweled local anchors.  At the end of the day, Mr. Trump is still not done. So he turns to Twitter to unleash yet more unfiltered news awesomeness onto the American media landscape. Welcome to the Age of Raw Journalism. Truly, a new dawn in American media. Drink fully from it, for the flowing bounty has never been like this ever before, and who knows if and when it will ever end. It is the confluence of instant information, manic technologies and a political figure who has the strength, fearlessness and stamina to keep it going around the clock. So let’s check in with the professionals, the folks who stand to benefit the most from this most generous newsmaker. “This is how the muzzling starts,” New York Times media drip Jim Rutenberg warned ominously, “not with a boot on your neck, but with the fear of one that runs so deep that you muzzle yourself. ” Not sure exactly what that means, but I checked twice to make sure I copied it correctly. “Maybe it’s the story you decide against doing because it’s liable to provoke a   president to put the power of his office behind his attempt to destroy your reputation by falsely calling your journalism ‘fake.’ “Maybe it’s the line you hold back from your script or your article because it could trigger a federal leak investigation into you and your sources (so, yeah, jail). ” All of that is from an actual report by Mr. Rutenberg in the   newspaper that is now, according to the president, “failing. ” Everywhere you turn today, reporters are gasping that the First Amendment is somehow under assault by Mr. Trump. White House reporters say they are under siege during daily briefings with Sean Spicer insulting them, rudely answering questions and assaulting them with the actual White House podium. OK, that last one I made up, but it was from the first funny skit “Saturday Night Live” has come up with in decades. But let’s seriously consider how Mr. Trump is handling the press. He gave a     press briefing in the White House last Thursday. He walked in and began by “mentioning” the name of his new nominee for labor secretary. And then he turned the whole thing over to reporters. All modern presidents have opened such briefings with a list of handpicked reporters they would call on to ensure they only got the type of questions they wanted. Nobody in the doormat press corps ever complains about that. Donald Trump threw the gates wide open. If he walked in with a list, he tossed it aside by the time he got going. He was up there pointing to random reporters and pitting them against one another, at times barking like a tobacco auctioneer. He took any and all questions. He was tough, he was funny, he was belligerent. But he was always engaging. Mr. Trump’s immediate predecessor was famous for taking eight questions and bloviating at length and droning on long enough on each question that he would stretch it out to 50 minutes. He never wavered, of course, from his list of approved questioners. In Mr. Trump’s freewheeling press conference, he answered questions from two dozen reporters, more than 40 questions total if you include  . And the entire thing was riveting and revealing and supremely watchable. How is this an affront to the First Amendment? Katy Tur, another journalistic lion over on the MSNBC television channel, was recently interviewing a Republican in Congress. “As we know, there’s since 2000 been a couple dozen suspicious deaths of journalists in Russia who came out against the government there,” Ms. Tur said. “Donald Trump has made no secret about going after journalists and his distaste for any news that doesn’t agree with him here. Do you find that this is a dangerous path he is heading down?” So Donald Trump likes to mix it up with reporters and challenge them? So next step is he’s going to start killing them? OK, I am not in the least bit concerned about the First Amendment in America with Mr. Trump in the White House. But we are seriously on the precipice of doom if fragile dopes like Katy Tur are our last line of defense. • Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes. com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.",0
4874,Mexican Politician’s Wife Arrested in Texas for Alleged Money Laundering Scheme,"A top politician who at one time served as the Secretary of Finance for the Mexican State of Tabasco is now wanted in the U. S. on money laundering charges. While the man remains in Mexico, federal agents arrested his wife this week in Houston. [A criminal indictment that was unsealed this week names former Tabasco Secretary of Finance Jose Manuel Saiz Pineda, his wife Silvia Beatriz Perez Ceballo, and their associate Martin Alberto Medina Sonda. The three are charged with money laundering conspiracy and bank fraud conspiracy. Saiz Pineda and Medina Sonda are in a Mexican prison in Tabasco in connection with a public corruption case there.  Saiz Pineda served as the secretary of finance for Tabasco from 2007 to 2012 under then Governor Andres Granier Melo from Mexico’s Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Granier Melo was arrested in 2013 in Mexico on embezzlement and public corruption charges. Despite the politician’s claims otherwise, courts in Mexico have sided against him. As Breitbart Texas reported, Mexico’s PRI has a long history of corruption and ties to drug cartels including two former governors who are wanted by U. S. authorities on money laundering charges and several other cases that remain under seal.  While the indictment does not mention Mexican drug cartels or bribes, the case was investigated by the U. S. Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force a special investigation unit that includes the U. S. Drug Enforcement Administration, the Internal Revenue Service, the U. S. Marshal’s Service, Harris County, and Fort Bend County Sheriffs.  According to court documents obtained by Breitbart Texas, federal prosecutors are looking to seize bank accounts, condominiums and other property in New York, Florida, California, and Texas the properties are valued at more than $50 million. Authorities are also trying to seize another bank account in Bermuda all tied to the Saiz Pineda and his associates. The case against the Mexican politician is based on a criminal indictment that was handed down by a federal grand jury in Corpus Christi on April 26, information provided to Breitbart Texas by the U. S. Attorney’s Office revealed. The case was sealed by the court until this week when federal agents arrested Perez Ceballos at her home in Sugar Land, Texas, near Houston. The woman went before a U. S. magistrate judge who ordered that she be held in custody until a detention hearing next week.  Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.",0
4875,"On Election Day, Little Chance of Changing That Early Vote - The New York Times","Perhaps you didn’t gather enough information in the first year and a half of the campaign. Perhaps you thought you had made up your mind and cast your ballot early, only to have a   change of heart. It happens. We’re sorry to say it’s probably too late to do anything about it. With the exceptions of absentee voters in three states  —   New York, Pennsylvania and Mississippi  —   people who have already voted cannot still change their minds. Based on recent Google searches, it seems some Americans are having buyer’s remorse. Searches for “change early voting” and “change my vote” peaked on Nov. 2 and have continued through Election Day. In Wisconsin, absentee voters could change their minds up to three times, but the deadline to do so passed last week, according to the Wisconsin Elections Commission. Unlike in Pennsylvania, voters cannot void their previous ballots in person at their polling places. Reid Magney, a spokesman for the Wisconsin Elections Commission, said 3, 027 voters had voided their ballots as of Friday afternoon. The state is expecting 3. 1 million votes. Those people are not necessarily changing their votes. Several people have said they don’t trust that their absentee ballots will be accurately counted and have decided to vote in person, he said. Still, there is a small window for a few voters to change their minds. Pennsylvania does not allow early voting, but those who voted by an absentee ballot could cast a different vote if they were able to show up in person at their polling place, according to PennLive. In that case, the absentee ballot  —   presumably cast because the person would be unable to vote in person  —   would be voided. Absentee voters in Mississippi can also void an absentee ballot by voting in person, according to Leah Rupp Smith, a Department of State spokeswoman. Absentee voters in New York have the same option, according to John Conklin, a spokesman for the state’s board of elections. Connecticut voters can void an absentee ballot until 10 a. m. on Election Day by making a request at the municipal clerk’s office. In other states, early voters could have pulled a switcheroo a little earlier, but at this point their civic duty has been recorded, no  . Minnesotans who voted early could have asked to cancel their ballot, but the deadline was a week ago. Absentee voters in Michigan saw their deadline pass on Monday, according to WZZM, a local TV station.",0
4876,WATCH: ‘Damn!’ Liberal Hosts Flustered Over NEW Proof Clintons Are Dirty,"WATCH: ‘Damn!’ Liberal Hosts Flustered Over NEW Proof Clintons Are Dirty   Shae Weatherall in Politics Share This 
On Thursday, the panel on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” reacted to recently leaked documents, proving the Clintons’ involvement in dirty financial dealings while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State. They were so flustered by the damning evidence, one of the liberal hosts even used the words “Damn” and “Yuck” while describing the information as another said this could be the big story that ends it for Hillary. 
Fox News reports that among the new WikiLeaks release of John Podesta’s emails was one containing an attachment to a twelve-page memo written in 2011 by Doug Band, a long-time aide to former President Bill Clinton. Within the text, Band talks about the “circle of enrichment” which financially benefits the Clinton Foundation as well as the Clintons personally. Band used the contacts of his company, Teneo, to solicit donations to the Foundation from major corporations and to set up “for profit” engagements for Bill Clinton. Band referred to the paid appearances as “Bill Clinton Inc.” 
Within the memo, Doug Band described his role in helping to make the Clintons rich by leveraging their political influences. “ This memorandum strives to set forth how I have endeavored to support the Clinton Foundation and President Clinton personally ,” Band wrote. 
Under a section titled “For-Profit Activity of President Clinton (i.e., Bill Clinton, Inc. ),” Band wrote that he and Clinton aide Justin Cooper “found, developed and brought” to Clinton all four of his advisory arrangements at the time – arrangements that “ yielded more than $30 million for him personally, with $66 million to be paid out over the next nine years should he choose to continue with the current engagements .” The memo also included a footnote explaining how Clinton’s speaking agent estimated that during a 10-year period, “ $20 million in speeches for the President have derived … from Justin and my efforts.” [via FOX News ] 
This leaked memo consumed a large portion of Thursday’s “Morning Joe” on MSNBC , however, it’s clear in the first two minutes of the five-minute clip below that the show’s panel is shocked and flustered over the Clintons’ dirty financial dealings that have been exposed. Mika Brzezinski even suggested that the only word that can be added to the discussion of the new scandal is “ Damn! ” 
Joe Scarborough commented with some derision about how he views the Clintons’ use of their political leverage and their “charitable” Foundation as bait to fatten their own personal bank accounts. “ Maybe they’re using the State Department, but using relief work in Haiti? ‘Hey can you help those suffering in Haiti? It’s really important. Thanks, listen, could you also give Bill Clinton $500,000 to give a speech? In your corporate luxury box?’ ” At the end of Joe’s impression of the unethical dealings, Mika added a disgusted, “ Yuck .” 
Yuck, indeed. Also during the panel discussion, it was asked what the perception would be if a Bush had been engaged in this type of scandal. Incredibly, several of the participants, including Joe, admitted that the Bush family “would never do this.” 
Finally, the magnitude of the collective proof of the Clintons’ unethical and illegal activities appear to have put seeds of doubt in the minds of some of their loyalists, but is it enough? Is it too late? Even though a few of the liberal news outlets have chosen to do the right thing, for once, in reporting on this “Bill Clinton Inc.” scandal, it’s unlikely it will last long in the spotlight of the national media. 
It’s up to us, We the People , to make sure this kind of information reaches every corner of social media in the hopes that it will help to influence those voters who are still undecided. We only have ten days left to share the truth and make sure Hillary Clinton stays far away from our White House.",0
4877,On the money trail,"Chennai, Nov 16: 
The night of Nov 8 
On the TV Prime Minister Narendra Modi is holding forth. Wife and I sit watching the whole thing with nary an emotion. We are speechless at what we hear. That is because we don’t understand Hindi. But the news scroll below, tells the story: Rs.500 and Rs.1000 demonetised. Wife looks at me quizzically. I look back at her quizzically. That is because we both don’t know what demonetisation means. 
Eventually the penny, if that is the word, drops. We understand the two denominations are declared invalid from that midnight. Jee whiz! What do I with all the Rs.500 and Rs.1000 with me? But quickly gathering my wits and immediately taking charge, I ask the wife and daughter to bring all the Rs.500 and Rs.1000 stashed in the house, as if it was the time of reckoning and we had to finally confront our hidden truths. After some merciless minutes, we look at the pile in front of us: A sum total of four Rs.500 notes, and one Rs.1000 note. Of course, a few harmless 100s, 50s and 10s were in too. 
Is that what we have in hand? I ask the wife plaintively. “Usually it is a lot less. But we made it a point to look around behind the cot, bureau and sofa. The 10s were picked from there only,” the wife said matter of factly. “You do remember your salary, right? A journalist’s salary and a person who has drank cyanide is difficult to save,” the wife adds in the conversational parenthesis. 
The night ends in more unease: The fight against black money, it seems, will have some collateral damage. A journalist’s ego, for starters. 
The morning of Nov 13 
It is a Sunday. In need of cash for the week. Go to the ATM in the locality Find that the authorities, manfully rising to the emergency of the occasion, have helpfully put an easy to spot ‘out of order’ notice on the door. 
Mentally thanking the banking guys for their thoughtful gesture, set out in search of another ATM and find one with only a few queued in front of it. Join the line only to quickly learn that 1) This ATM too is out of order 2) And the queue is actually for an ATM two streets away. 
Cursing fate, join the line. Soon enough realise that even if the Indian economy is eventually straightened, it is impossible to literally straighten any queue in India. I mean we Indians just don’t have the ability to fall in a simple straight line. It is a skill that requires military training for Indians to acquire. 
The line moves in every conceivable direction in every conceivable geometric formation. Improbable as it may sound, sometimes in the exact opposite direction to where the queue is actually headed towards. The line comprises an impressive motley: Some taciturn with thoughts. Some voluble with opinions. Some glued to their mobiles. Some staring into the distant nothingness. Some taking their troubles in stride. Some cursing their fate. But everyone feeling that they would be somewhere else than spending their time in a queue that seemed to move at the speed of larva turning into butterfly. 
Those inclined to chat offer their views to no one in particular. “This is just the start. Modi will next ban gold and diamonds”, one man says with authoritative gusto. No one asks where he got that info from. He talks non-stop and seems to be the human/physical version of the WhatsApp fwds we are wont to receive on the many ‘groups’ we are part of. “Modi’s next target will be corrupt bureaucrats and politicos”. As a journalist, I realise that if I report from ‘Ground Zero’, these would be the ‘credible voices of the public’. 
“It seems even the BJP is not happy with Modi,” says another in the silent gap that the previous man probably inadvertently left. “They have goofed up big time. All the new printed money are going to top politicos and industrialists. They all have been alerted before hand itself to exchange the notes,” he says with clinical finality. “An ATM is Ambattur is dispensing only old 500 rupees even today.” Where in Ambattur, I ask out of general curiosity, he replies, “my friend told me this”. I make a mental note that the guy is a very good journalist material. 
But amidst differing opinions and moods, there is an easy bonhomie, a chatty friendliness descends on the scene. Every one has some opinion on how to tackle the black money scourge and what the Finance Minister should do. Never knew economics was such a popular subject with the general public. 
The queue progresses at the speed of Indian economy, and I am kind of near the ATM, when someone, looking into his mobile, says “this week has to be the worst”. I wonder what is he having in his mind. Trump becoming the US President-elect. Currency crunch and other issues in India. What could get any worse than this? 
“Alaistair Cook just scored a century,” I hear him say even as I enter the ATM room.",0
4878,Coming to Newark Archdiocese: A Different Kind of Cardinal - The New York Times,"INDIANAPOLIS  —   For about a year, the guys at the gym just called him Joe. He lifted weights in the early mornings wearing a    . He worked out on the elliptical, wiping it down when he was done. Then one day Shaun Yeary, a salesman at a landscape supply company, asked him in the locker room what he did for a living. “I used to be a priest,” Joe recalled telling him. “And now,” he said, his voice growing quieter so as not to scare anyone in earshot, “I’m the archbishop of Indianapolis. ” “I was like, for real?” Mr. Yeary recalled. “This guy is benching two and a quarter!”  —   gymspeak for 225 pounds. Joe, also known as Cardinal Joseph W. Tobin, recently became one of the 120 men in the world who will choose the next pope. But he wants to be judged by his actions, not his lofty position in the Roman Catholic Church. Though he has led the Archdiocese of Indianapolis since 2012, a status that usually comes with perks like a driver, he drives himself around in a Chevy Tahoe and helps with the dishes after lunch meetings. He introduces himself simply as Padre José to the children at a local Catholic school. He showers and shaves at the Community Healthplex gym like any other member, and calls his workout buddies his Band of Brothers. In short, he is just the kind of leader Pope Francis is elevating to realign the church in the United States with his priorities. As the pope has made clear over the past three years, fancy lifestyles, formality and regal titles like Prince of the Church are out of style for cardinals. So is an emphasis on the divisive issues of abortion and   marriage, even though the church’s underlying position on those issues has not changed. Instead, in the pope’s view, the church should emphasize humility and service to the poor. It should be multicultural, welcoming different styles of worship. It should reach out to other faiths and stand up for immigrants, refugees and nuns. And that, church experts and members of his flock say, is a close description of the priorities of Cardinal Tobin, who will be heading east just after Christmas to lead the approximately 1. 5 million Catholics in the Archdiocese of Newark. He is replacing Archbishop John J. Myers, 75, who preferred to be addressed by the formal title Your Grace, and who achieved notoriety when the church spent some $500, 000 to outfit the house he will retire to with an indoor exercise pool and an elevator. Cardinal Tobin’s appointment in October as one of the nation’s 18 cardinals came as a surprise to many, including the man himself. But perhaps it should not have. For what his unassuming bearing does not reveal is that he is no stranger to the corridors of power in the church. He is a friend of Pope Francis. And under Francis’ predecessor, Pope Benedict XVI, he had helped lead the Vatican office that oversees the roughly one million men and women in religious orders around the world. That position did not end so well. It was an open secret that Cardinal Tobin was sent to Indiana as a kind of exile most likely because he questioned an inquiry by his office into supposed doctrinal lapses among the roughly 50, 000 nuns in the United States. As he got to know the faithful in the chancery of Indianapolis, he would joke with them about it. “I was kicked out and I’m grateful for it,” the chancellor of the archdiocese, Annette Lentz, recalled his saying about how he turned up on her doorstep. And she would tell him, “Their loss is our gain. ” How Cardinal Tobin, 64, an amiable      who likes Bob Seger, plays piano and speaks five languages, went from being the oldest of 13 children living in Detroit to the pinnacle of the global church is a story that bears telling. He grew up in a   neighborhood where the big houses were perfect for the large families of Irish, Polish and other Eastern European backgrounds that filled them. The local parish, Holy Redeemer, was run by an order of priests called the Redemptorists, and was unusually large, with 14 Masses each Sunday for up to 20, 000 worshipers, he recalled in a Dec. 5 interview. His mother was a   teacher who quit her job to raise her brood nine of her cousins and three of her aunts were nuns. Growing up in a deeply Catholic environment, Cardinal Tobin had two role models: the parish priests and his father, a cost analyst at General Motors who attended 6 a. m. Mass daily. Joe Tobin was a    child, who once crashed through the   window when he was being chased. But he also learned the deeper lessons taught by the nuns at the parish school. “Joe came home in second grade and said to me, ‘Mom, I need a pair of socks,’” his mother, Marie Tobin, 93, recalled before Cardinal Tobin’s emotional farewell Mass in Indianapolis on Dec. 3. “And I looked at his feet and saw his socks were fine. ‘Mother,’ he said, ‘there’s a boy in my class who has rags around his feet and a safety pin. ’” In 1977, when the cardinal was in seminary in Esopus, N. Y. his father died of a heart attack. By that time, the family had moved across the border to Canada, and his father had been commuting to Michigan. “I idolized my dad,” Cardinal Tobin said. “He was everything I think a man should be. He was strong, he played in the Orange Bowl as a freshman in Boston College. He lost his leg in World War II, so he never played football again. He had a quiet, unpretentious faith. He was chivalrous with women. “And I remember when he died,” he added, “and I was waiting at the seminary for someone to drive me to La Guardia, and one of my teachers came and said, ‘If you can be a man like your father, when they call you Father you will be all right.’ And I suppose I am still trying to do that. ” He remains close with his siblings. And in the Redemptorists, an order that requires a vow of poverty and emphasizes missionary outreach, he found a second family. He dreamed of being sent to   locales once he was ordained in 1978. Instead, because he spoke Spanish, he was sent right back to Holy Redeemer, which had a growing Hispanic population. There, he learned about serving the poor. An older priest modeled what was to become a signature of Cardinal Tobin’s ministry: an intense focus on each person. “When he is there and you are talking to him, it’s as if you have known him all your life,” said Bernice Guynn, 89, a parishioner at St. Rita in Indianapolis. From Detroit, he was moved during the AIDS epidemic to Chicago, where he ministered at the bedsides of the dying. The church’s stance against homosexuality was not a barrier to him. “It’s important to be there for people,” he said. By 1991, the   of his order had taken notice and he was moved to Rome. For 12 years, he led the Redemptorist order, finally traveling the world to missions in more than 70 nations. In that capacity, he made an impression on Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, then the Vatican official responsible for enforcing Catholic doctrine. In 2010, five years after Cardinal Ratzinger became Pope Benedict, he offered Father Tobin the title of archbishop and the position of secretary of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life in the Vatican. Cardinal Tobin recalled that he was painting his mother’s porch in Ontario when he got the call from the Vatican secretary of state. “I turned white and started stuttering,” he said. He did not want the job, he said, but how does one refuse the pope? The office he had been tapped to administer was investigating American nuns for supposedly adopting a “secular mentality” and straying from Catholic orthodoxy. In other words, the nuns were accused of being too liberal, and Cardinal Tobin was to oversee the inquiry. But he had an “extremely positive” view of the nuns, he told The National Catholic Reporter at the time, and he wanted to explain their good works. “My first job, I thought, was to ask, ‘What were people trying to accomplish with this? ’” he said this month. But the problem, he came to believe, was structural: the investigation of 55, 000 religious women by a tiny staff for the alleged errors of a few. “It made as much sense as an ophthalmologist trying to do cataract surgery standing in center field in Yankee Stadium and pointing his laser gun up at the bleachers,” he said. Two years into his   term, his priest secretary surprised him with the news. “We are so sorry you are going,” Cardinal Tobin recalled him saying. “And I said, ‘Really, where am I going?’ And he said, ‘Indianapolis. ’” The official news did not come for four months. “It was like death by 1, 000 cuts,” he said. When he arrived in Indiana in December 2012, most American Catholics had never heard of him. But to the nuns he was something of a hero. “We thought that he was a tremendous individual,” said Mother Anne Brackmann, the prioress of the Carmelite Monastery in Terre Haute, Ind. “And he was welcomed very, very warmly. ” Someone else took note of his dismissal: Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio of Buenos Aires, who would become Pope Francis. The two men met in 2005 during a synod of bishops in Rome, and they bonded over a shared view of the church. There were conservative bishops in their group who wanted, for example, to ban girls from being altar servers. “I have eight sisters, and at the time, I had nieces who were serving at the altar, and I didn’t see the justification for it,” Cardinal Tobin said. “Bergoglio was on the same page. There are more important things to talk about. ” They had also laughed together: Cardinal Tobin recalled telling Cardinal Bergoglio that he had been his mother’s choice for pope that year, because she had read how he picked up after himself and cooked his own food. Still, Cardinal Tobin was surprised to get a note from Cardinal Bergoglio in 2010 wishing him luck in his Vatican position. “He said: ‘I remember our time together, I remember our conversations, and I remember your mother’s good taste. I’m praying for you. ’” By the time Cardinal Tobin came to the Vatican in 2013 to receive his pallium  —   the cowl that would mark his status as the archbishop of Indianapolis  —   Pope Francis had been elected. He was not sure the new pope would remember him. But Francis again surprised him. “I’ve been praying intensely for you since I heard what happened,” Cardinal Tobin said the pope had told him. What happened next was a kind of rehabilitation. Francis appointed him to the oversight committee of the same Vatican office he had been removed from. Then, in October, came the announcement: The pope was naming him a cardinal. He would be the youngest one in the United States. Cardinal Tobin was shocked. “It’s kind of like you are sleeping in class and all of a sudden the spotlight is on you,” he said. At a news conference last month in Newark, he put it this way: “Sometimes I think Pope Francis sees a lot more in me than I see in myself. ” Cardinal Tobin said he loved his time in Indianapolis, where he visited parishes in 39 counties, ministered to prisoners on death row and baptized about 1, 000 new Catholics each Easter. He was up by 4 many mornings to pray before arriving at the gym by 5:30. With the help of a trainer, Shane Moat, he learned how to deadlift 425 pounds. “Big breath, explode, keep it close,” Mr. Moat coached him earlier this month. Cardinal Tobin strained and hoisted the weight to his waist. “You the man!” someone shouted. “No, I’m not,” Cardinal Tobin said after dropping the weight with a bang. That morning, Mr. Yeary, the salesman, presented him with a goodbye gift: a framed photo of the cardinal with his seven workout buddies, whose ages range from 27 to over 70. “Oh, man, that’s wonderful, thank you,” the cardinal said. Then he reverted to his lighthearted tone: “None of those Sopranos are going to mess with me. This is my crew. ” Cardinal Tobin has had a hard time saying goodbye. He choked up at his farewell Mass and had only one request of the congregation that had packed the cathedral: Pray for him. But his admirers here and elsewhere are hoping that Cardinal Tobin will become a more public voice for Pope Francis and his priorities. He has already done that once, in a showdown with Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, a Republican who is now the vice   over welcoming Syrian refugees. In November 2015, Mr. Pence announced that he would suspend Syrian refugee resettlement programs, citing security fears. Cardinal Tobin felt that was not only illegal, but also immoral. He met with Mr. Pence, discussed his objections and told him he would continue the Catholic Charities resettlement program. A federal court has since overturned the governor’s directive. In an email, Mr. Pence said, “Cardinal Tobin is a personal friend, and I deeply respect his commitment to his faith and his ministry. ” While Cardinal Tobin did not tell anyone whom to vote for in the presidential election, he said he was disturbed by appeals to fear during the campaign of Donald J. Trump, particularly his views of refugees and immigrants. Mr. Trump, he said, “was appealing to the dark side of the divisive forces, to the unredeemed part of us. ” And while the cardinal believes American democracy will ultimately resist such appeals, “you can’t be too Pollyannish about things. ” In Newark, he said, his first job after his installation on Jan. 6 will be to listen. Encompassing Bergen, Essex, Hudson and Union Counties in northern New Jersey, the archdiocese has pockets of great wealth and poverty, and an array of immigrants so diverse that Mass each Sunday is celebrated in 20 languages. About 30 percent of the parishioners are Hispanic. It is also a community in need of healing. In July, citing the failure of the archdiocese to effectively remove priests accused of sexual abuse from contact with children, the editorial board of The   of Newark called the departure of Archbishop Myers a “true blessing. ” “During his   tenure as New Jersey’s   Catholic, he protected pedophile priests,” the board said. “He urged his flock to vote based on two issues  —   abortion and gay marriage  —   at the threat of being denied Holy Communion. ” Jim Goodness, the spokesman for the archdiocese, denied those allegations, saying that Archbishop Myers had permanently removed from ministry some 20 abusive priests and that he had “never threatened to deny Communion to anyone. ” Cardinal Tobin will bring a different message. One of his priorities, he said, would be to ensure that the archdiocese is fully compliant with church and criminal protocols on handling sexual abuse allegations. At the Vatican in the late 1990s, the cardinal recalled, it was difficult to convince people that the abuse issue was serious. “I think they just believed it was an American problem,” he said, adding, “I don’t want to make it like I was a great crusader over there, but I did take it seriously. ” He later led an effort to establish protocols for abuse claims in his order. Yet the most outspoken American victims group, the Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests, said that Cardinal Tobin, like the church as a whole, must do more, such as posting the names of all credibly accused priests online. “Certainly there are worse bishops, but that fact should comfort no one,” David Clohessy, the organization’s national director, said. Cardinal Tobin assumes his role in an uneasy time. He said that he hoped to lead with joy and transparency, and that he intended to encourage dialogue to bridge divisions. But he would go further if he believed that policies ran counter to the moral values that Jesus taught. On the threats by   Trump to carry out mass deportations of illegal immigrants, for example, Cardinal Tobin was clear. He recalled how Pope John XXIII, before he became pope, issued false baptismal certificates to help Jews escape the Nazis in World War II. “We have to resist,” he said. “With public statements, and then, you do what you got to do. ”",0
4879,Food Synergy,"Blair Rollin: Nice quote from The China Study. I had forgotten about that. Thanks! vegPat 
“It’s the sunshine vitamin. Dr. McDougall, for example, does not recommend D supplements but rather fresh air and sunshine.” if you live in Florida or the tropics maybe and also not everyone can absorb vitamin D through this process so they may have a hard time getting there levels from the sun alone, its kind of like omega 3 from plant sources, yes its there but not readily available and some people cant’ absorb it efficiently, which is why you need a marine algae oil that can be easily absorbed Vege-tater 
I heard it said that if plants and trees can photosynthesize at your latitude, generally we should be able to get enough sunshine for our less intensive human needs, provided we make an effort to actually go outside and soak up the rays. I’m originally from CT and always wondered if part of the sickly and depressive effect of winter was our tendency to “hibernate” and not go outside until you had to. When my kids were little and I was outside all winter with them sledding and playing in the snow, it wasn’t a problem, until they were old enough to go themselves, and I hung back in the dry warmth! (Now I live in FL and stay inside all summer instead! lol) Ben 
Hi Blair. I am familiar with Dr. McDougall’s opinion. Living a bit north of him I am not confident we share the same levels of sunshine opportunity. As for B12, I have never washed my organic produce, and we grow a lot of our own veggies. Our soil is fabulous. The “sanitation” hypothesis has not worked for me. And it does not explain higher b12 levels in some people eating from these poor soils. So, it’s probably a little more complicated. And, considering the risks of not supplementing, only a fool wouldn’t get tested. Our family does supplement with B12 and it did work to correct our deficiencies. So, that’s an example where a singular nutrient did work out for the body. Many people also report success with vit D and dha supplementation. Dr. Gregor is an advocate of these practices. In my mind, he needs to have his crew tackle the conflict between on the one hand steering people away from vitamin supplementation and on the other advocating vitamin/nutrient supplementation. I assume he would say something like “Hey, if after switching over to the best diet on the planet, you discover you are lacking in some essential nutrients… rather than eat animal products (which historically have provided these nutrients to humans) because our environment is so toxic, the cruelty to the animals so extreme and the long term damage done to your body… find a good provider of the micronutrients from a wholesome source. Accept the world as imperfect.” vegPat 
there is no real inconsistency Dr Greger’s book lists it out How not to Die recommends the following supplements B12 (soil no longer has it, yes you can grow in healthy soil but average person needs to supplement it) Vitamin D (because a lot of people live in northern regions and darker skin blocks good conversion) Omega 3 algae oil (plants have omega 3 but is not readily absorbed and as you get older this gets worse) WFPBRunner 
Hi Ben If you watch some of the videos under the nutrients you list you will see that non-vegans are deficient also. For example my husband rides his bike out doors 3 hours per day, eats some meat and tested below 20 for Vit D. B-12 is just so important for obvious possible neurological issues. We could always drink swamp water though. Ben 
I agree. My question is about the necessity of supplementing. My question pertains to how are Dr. Greger’s recommendations to supplement (as outlined in his book) reconciled with a video like this one making the case that supplements do not work, and sometimes cause harm. WFPBRunner 
He is pretty specific. B12 is the big one. Vit D if you live too far North or work in an office all day. Omega 3 but I believe that was across the board. WFPB or not until we know differently for brain health. Blair Rollin 
These popups keep getting better and better. Vege-tater 
I find it so amusing to read the oppositional commentary about them! Maybe I’m just old and cranky but people seem to be getting more and more entitled, and think each video is for them exclusively. I just love what Dr. G. does, and that he does it at all, for US and our benefit, from his generosity and caring! You can never please everyone, so I hope he continues to let his light shine as he sees fit and let it sort itself out. Life is full of angst and seriousness, we need all the humor we can get! Ron Ninon 
It’s somewhat supercillious to “be amused” by all the people’s comments and efforts to express their discontent, such as I am doing now in an attempt to contribute positive constructive criticism,. The fact is, for many, the “light-hearted” new format has been stated as being downright distracting and works against the intention of the video which is, surely, to educate and inform, NOT to entertain or promote some kind of clever food comedy. The new format pop-up segments can also come across as sarcastic and aloof and so the video is not worth sharing with the many who are already skeptical as it will really put them off. Even fans on here are put off! If the efficiency of transmission of information is interrupted with completely irrelevant bells and whistles doing little other than exhibiting technical prowess with video editing skills and that causes distraction, memory interference and forgetting, and for some, irritation, then that is a fact that needs considered very carefully. A handfull have said they like the format but more have said they do not. An online vote might be useful. But I would question what it is that those who like the format like and whether they have absorbed the info as well as they would have without the memory interference. There are real cognitive mechanisms at work. Just my 2500 cents worth. guest 
I find some people’s repetitive complaints to be a needless distraction. The videos are prerecorded… after this, normal programming will resume. Ron Ninon 
Typical anonymous trollololololol. Ron Ninon 
You delete my response to this but let the guest’s sarcasm remain?? Just who is guest?! Thea 
Ron Ninon: I have previously directed you to the rules for posting on this site. If you read those rules, you would know that you may not call people names. To be very specific: You may not call someone a troll. I can tell who guest is and this person has made many quality comments on this site. Leave the moderating to the moderators. . Also, I have already warned you about your comments in general. Your opinion on this topic has been noted – multiple times over. No one else is going on and on and on about this topic. Enough already. The decision has been made to discontinue the popups after the current volume of videos has been released. Additional complaints from people who have already voiced their opinion take away from the main focus we should have here. Let it go please. Ron Ninon 
Your vendetta continues? First, Dr. Greger invited commentary. Until he himself posts a comment on this and his intentions, and his requests to stop commenting on it, then everyone, including me, has a right to comment on it. You have tried to intimidate me before (to see guidelines etc etc), and you continue to do so. You criticise me ALONE. I am NOT the only one who has criticized the format – and several others have repeated their sentiments across multiple posts on the topic but you do not slap them! This is social media and heavy-handed tactics by admin, although typical of facebook, should not be here. This is a more “professional” forum, at least I had thought. To that extent, your threats are unwelcome: you are targetting me and only me. I repeat, this is unfair! Your support of others who may disagree with me with your “votes up” of them belies a pack mentality – a popularity contest. This forum should not support such bias! I have made detailed and informed copmments. I work in the area of attention and perception…and distraction. Over 50% of drivers now text and drive – an epidemic of deadly distracted driving – many – half or more on this forum will do so while thinking they are just fine and so continue to do so. My point: I have knowledge on human attention. Nobody else has posted the reasons why they feel distracted by the videos. I have done so. If you don’t like my “info”, ignore it – it’s easy to do and easier than ignoring a pop-up! But to delete me or block me is a sad reflection of biased intolerance. I have done more for promoting Dr G’s videos than you will ever know or could ever comprehend. I am a supporter. I also use his info for personal health purposes. But I have a right to emphasize what (I think) needs emphasized (ie, no distractions, keep it professional, etc.). And we do NOT know what his new format, if it comes, will be. Will it also be controversial and problematic. Thus, repetition has value, provided it is not cut-and-paste, and my comments have not been repetitious in their content, if you bothered to read them carefully. I will continue to post if and when I feel it contributes. You must stop intimidating me. This is NF not FB. nc54 
But in this video the popup was not irrelevant. It gave an example of how to create food synergy. So you are wrong about this video. Ron Ninon 
“doing little other than…”. nc54, Fair comment, but…I still found it distracting as did some others who bothered to vote with a comment. Why do I need to watch a guy eating? Look, many will like it, many won’t. Would a vote help? The majority is not always correct! Guest 
Please stop the goofy dr greger popups….really distracts from the video content. I have enjoyed the videos and information for years, but really find the new popups jarring. Thea 
Guest: Have no fears. The large majority of the feedback for the popups has been negative. The NutritionFacts team listened to the feedback. The rest of the videos on this volume are already pre-recorded. But after that, the popups (whew!) will no longer be part of the video. 
What a coincidence…I just had blueberries and black beans for lunch! Don Bauer 
Any benefits to adding Maca powder to a smoothie? Vege-tater 
Every home I visit has rows and rows of supplements and vitamins lining their counters and cabinets, and of course they all eat the Standard American Diet, and know they are deficient, so think this is their saving grace! Heaven forbid a bit of real food sneaks into their diet, let alone a combination! It’s so scary what people consider food, and sadly, I was once one of them, so it’s really hard to shut my big mouth when I know what a HUGE difference it can make! WFPBRunner 
It’s sad right. They think it works. Wade Patton 
Okay, I lied. I cannot just quit the site because there are VERY few other sources I trust to keep abreast of new research and studies AND to do such in a non-commercial (i.e. believable) manner. 
I tried five times to listen to today’s “lecture”, but kept distracting myself. I hide the video behind other tabs now-of course I can still hear the “spots”. 
Now i have a solution. I’ll simply read transcripts. Thanks to those who transcribe. 
After seeing practically every single video Dr. G has made for NF.O and most of the other videos he has been in on Youtube, I don’t need any “extra” Dr. G in my videos. I liked the first 1,000 or 2,000 videos, but just can’t watch them any more. 
I hate that I cannot share the new videos. There are so many “nut jobs” out there selling ideas about foods and supplements and nutritional concepts that I fear Michael Greger would EASILY get lumped into that category if I shared the greenscreened videos. I had some hopes that I could help a few folks, friends, family, and others find a better way to eat, and was persistently pestering my FBF’s with video links from here with my own commentary, also some comments from here were shared in my short tenure as a WFPB eater. 
I’ll just cut and paste transcripts. I don’t want anyone thinking I’m “following a nut job”, rather that Dr. G is a real MD with real information that can REALLY help nearly everyone. I understand that many folks enjoy the cutesiness and such, but it cheapens the whole experience for me. I’m not a fan of gimmickery and distractions. As you were. Thea 
Wade Patton: I hear you. The NutritionFacts team heard you too. The rest of the videos in this volume are pre-recorded and already have the popups. That will not change. However, after that, the new videos will not have the popups. Thank you for your patience. Wade Patton 
Thanks for letting me/us know. I had no idea how many vids he made per session. Endeavor to persevere I might. WFPBRunner 
Wade you quit? Dang I wasn’t aware. So yes Dr. Greger got the message but as you know they are made ahead of time. So be patient! I actually like reading the transcripts. Ron Ninon",0
4880,"Disney Boss Says No Political Bias at ABC News and ESPN, Complaints ’Completely Exaggerated’","Robert Iger, CEO of the Walt Disney Company, said Wednesday that ABC News has been “extremely fair” in its coverage of the 2016 election and the Trump administration and that complaints of   political bias on ESPN are “completely exaggerated. ”[Disney, which owns both ABC News and ESPN, held its annual shareholder meeting on Wednesday, where Iger responded to a question about the leftwing political bias at the networks by Justin Danhof of the National Center for Public Policy Research.   Iger insisted that ABC News has been entirely on the level in its coverage of the 2016 campaign and President Trump. He said: ABC News has reported to me, directly or indirectly, for almost 25 years. I’m an expert on ABC News, and I can stand here today, look you in the face, and say I’m proud of the efforts of ABC News. I respect ABC News, and I believe they work very, very hard to present news in an extremely fair way. There are always going to be people  —   yourself included and perhaps the president  —   who are going to believe that it is not being presented in a manner that’s consistent with their own beliefs. There’s an indictment made about the press simply because some of the press do not necessarily tow the line with positions being taken by others. Danhof, whose organization buys stocks in firms so it can attend shareholder meetings and ask tough questions, pointed out that Iger sidestepped the toughest parts of his query on Wednesday. The CEO simply ignored the part of his question that dealt with George Stephanopoulos, the former Clinton White House aide and now ABC News personality. Stephanopoulos was found in the Wikileaks hacks of the Democratic National Committee to have colluded with the Clinton campaign on story ideas, editing questions and lines of attack on Peter Schweizer, who wrote the book Clinton Cash a New York Times bestseller that detailed conflicts of interest and other misdealings by Bill and Hillary Clinton. Danhof said of Iger: How he lined up his response was telling. He wouldn’t address the question. He was sticking his head in the sand. His response was that I was making this up. But this has reached a nexus. Will his network continue to ignore or mock the millions of Americans in flyover country, or will we work to make his networks more inviting to other points of view? Right now, he’s saying he doesn’t want us as customers. Iger was even more determined when it came to ESPN, the sports giant that has announced in recent days it plans another round of layoffs because of massive financial losses that some attribute to its sharp leftward ideological turn. In his questioning, Danhof mentioned an exchange between two   personalities for the network about how, if they said, “Coming up, why Donald Trump is awesome,” they would “not last until the first commercial. ” Iger insisted the network exhibited no bias. “The charge that ESPN is exhibiting significant political bias in its programming is just completely exaggerated,” Iger said. “One small communication and blowing it up into something that sounds a lot larger than it is. Watch ESPN and you’re not going to see political bias at ESPN. ” Critics say there is, in fact, a lot of bias at ESPN. They point to Caitlyn Jenner winning the Arthur Ashe Courage Award, the network’s endorsement of Black Lives Matter at the ESPY Awards,  ’s aggressive coverage of the Women’s March on Washington in January, and the firing of Doug Adler  —   a tennis commentator  —   after he referred to the “guerrilla effect” of Venus Williams moving closer to the net on second serves at the Australian Open. There is also daily bias from commentators such as Michael Wilbon and Tony Kellerman. And then there is Kevin Blackstone, an   sportswriter who appears on ESPN talk programs and once referred to the Star Spangled Banner as a “war anthem. ” Curt Schilling, the former big league pitcher who was fired in April 2016 after he tweeted out support for the North Carolina law that required people to use the bathroom of their anatomical sex, scoffed at the notion ESPN is unbiased. “We recognize Abby Wambach and her stance on the gay lifestyle in the sports world, but not Milo Yiannopoulos and his gay perspective as a victim of molestation,” Schilling said in an email to Breitbart News. “We recognize that every issue Stephen A. Smith has in sports is based on black and white, not talent. But we don’t recognize Ben Carson, a conservative man from the worst of the worst backgrounds who never allowed color to taint his world perspective. ”",0
4881,Film Review: ‘National Bird’ Confronts Perils Of Becoming Drone Whistleblower,"President Barack Obama’s administration institutionalized a drone program that involves a targeted assassination policy for individuals put on kill lists. It not only devastated the lives of hundreds of thousands of people in countries, like Afghanistan, but it traumatizes the military officers, who are part of the system which makes strikes possible. But for them, there is little to no support for the depression, suicidal ideations, or post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) they develop as a result of the horrible things they are asked to do. 
As the documentary, “National Bird,” shows, the officers struggle with the morality of their actions, but they face a presidential administration, which has criminalized more whistleblowers than all other previous presidential administrations combined. Officers who speak out about the drone program face the prospect of harsh prosecution under the Espionage Act, as if talking about what they saw as officers is treasonous. That weighs heavy on veterans of the drone program and makes them terrified to be labeled whistleblowers because they know how the government could destroy their lives if they become known to the public as whistleblowers. 
The film highlights the lives of three former officers: Heather, a former drone imagery analyst, Daniel, a former private contractor and signals intelligence analyst, and Lisa, a former technology sergeant for a drone surveillance system. Director Sonia Kennebeck centers their experiences instead of simply using them to explore the mechanics of the drone program. Each one of them is painfully aware of how they could attract the government’s attention by participating in the film, and the credits note, “No person on this film disclosed classified material to the filmmakers.” 
Lisa travels to Afghanistan with a friend named Asma, who was born in Afghanistan. Once a population she viewed remotely through a massive surveillance system, it is her chance to see Afghans as human beings. She shares, “I lost part of my humanity working in the drone program,” and plans to make reparations for the role she played in the drone program with this trip.
The trip provides a means for the filmmakers to highlight the perspectives of survivors of a drone attack by U.S. forces on February 21, 2010, which according to an official military investigation was carried out by a Predator drone crew at Creech Air Force Base in Nevada. The attack killed 23 people, including children. General Stanley McChrystal signed off on the investigation, and a reenactment of the drone crew’s exchanges during the bombing highlights the bloodlust of those involved. 
“Why didn’t he say possible child? Why are they so quick to call fucking kids but not a fucking rifle?” the pilot asks. The sensor replies, “I really doubt that children call, man. I really fucking hate that.” Later, the pilot says, “Adolescent near the rear of the SUV.” The sensor replies, “Well, teenagers can fight.” A military officer states, “12-13 years old with a weapon is just as dangerous.” Right before the strike, the sensor cheers, “Let the party begin.” 
The video footage, combined with the reenacted radio exchange, evokes memories of the infamous “Collateral Murder” video disclosed by Manning and released by WikiLeaks. The drone crew is quite eager to kill. If they can claim in the aftermath the children were teens with possible access to weapons, they have no qualms with putting a Hellfire missile through a pickup truck with kids. 
Daniel considers whether he is afraid of possibly going to prison for speaking out (Credit to Ten Forward Films)
What stands out about Daniel’s story is how careful he is to choose his words and even backtrack during his answers to questions. He wears a pin for U.S. Army whistleblower Chelea Manning in one scene in the film. He watches “Democracy Now!”, including a broadcast covering CIA whistleblower Jeffrey Sterling’s prosecution. He has a copy of Wired magazine with Snowden on the cover wrapped in the American flag. There are posters with radical political messages in his apartment, and he participates in antiwar demonstrations. But he does not want to take any chances that he will invite the ire of the global security state. Nevertheless, as the film progresses, Daniel winds up in the crosshairs. The FBI conducts a raid against him on August 8, 2014, while the film is still in production. It deeply frightens Daniel, and clearly undermines his ability to contribute to the film. He reaches out to prominent whistleblower attorney, Jesselyn Radack—just as Heather did—and receives legal assistance in order to defend himself while the government investigates him for “espionage.” 
Radack communicates the severity of the situation. Such an investigation paints a person as an “enemy of the state.” It is a “David versus Goliath struggle,” a “single person against the entire executive branch of the United States government.” 
Heather grapples with the anxiety and fear of whether speaking to citizens at public libraries or bookstores or through a column published by the Guardian will make a difference. At a bookstore, she breaks down, as she shares the fact that she does not speak out for herself. She does it for her veteran friends struggling with alcoholism, who cannot talk to citizens as well as she can. Or, she does it in honor of veteran friends who died. But will it make a difference? Is it really worth it to detail how the government does not want to acknowledge the drone program traumatizes the people carrying out attacks? 
She shudders at the thought that anyone would cast her as the “next Edward Snowden,” especially if policymakers are not going to listen to the message she has for the public. “If I am going to get all this awful horrifying attention from the government, what’s the point? If someone comes to my house and puts a bag over my head and hauls me away, what was the point in anything I did? Am I really changing people’s minds or are people going to just share it on Facebook and move along?”
It is a tremendously powerful moment that communicates the sacrifice of former military officers or government officials, who speak out about the unspeakable things they did. As Heather says, she could try to live a normal life. She has psychological problems and was a suicide risk before she left the U.S. Air Force. She would be better off spending time with family and friends. Plus, she adds, the left sees people like her as “baby killers.” They believe she should be put on trial for war crimes. The right is unconvinced that drone strikes cause trauma because officers involved are not in combat zones. So, why open up about what drone crew do and attempt to educate the public when insensitivity and indifference is what follows? 
“National Bird” gives voice to people on both sides of a Hellfire missile. These are individuals who the U.S. government will not hesitate to silence if at all possible. It also challenges the way in which the drone program normalizes and makes war permanent. And, as Donald Trump prepares to take over control of this apparatus entrenched by Obama, the film encourages audiences to reflect on whether they have any problem with a government that assassinates and destroys the lives of entire villages and punishes any officers involved, who cannot bear the sins they committed and dare to speak out so they may heal their soul.
The post Film Review: ‘National Bird’ Confronts Perils Of Becoming Drone Whistleblower appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
4882,Berkeley Mayor Is Member of Antifa Facebook Group that Organized Riots - Breitbart,"Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguin is a member of the   Facebook group, By Any Means Necessary, which orchestrated the riots that occurred ahead of a scheduled lecture by Milo Yiannopoulos. [Berkley Mayor Jesse Arreguin was revealed to be a member of the   group, By Any Means Necessary (BAMN) on Facebook. BAMN orchestrated the violence that shut down a scheduled lecture at UC Berkeley featuring Milo Yiannopoulos in early 2017. Arreguin is allegedly also friends with BAMN leader, Yvette Felarca, on Facebook.  They were also involved in the violent clashes earlier this month. @CassandraRules #Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguin not only member of #BAMN but also friends of #RadicalLiberalTerrorist Yvette Falarco #AntiFA #DefundBerkeley pic. twitter.   —   TX Intense TV (@TxIntenseRadio) April 21, 2017,  Felarca defended the violence that occurred ahead of Yiannopoulos’ scheduled event in a local television interview following the riots.  BAMN was investigated for engaging in terrorist activities in 2005 by the FBI. In 2009, the Department of Defense classified the group’s activities as “  terrorism. ” In June 2016, BAMN led a violent   outside a white nationalist rally that resulted in ten people being hospitalized with stab wounds. Often described as a “militant  ” activist group, BAMN frequently engages in violent forms of protests. A Berkeley newspaper noted in 2001 that the group was a front for an “an obscure   Trotskyist political party called the Revolutionary Workers League. ” Breitbart News has reached out to Mayor Arreguin for comment. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com",0
4883,Barbra Streisand Sets the Record Straight - The New York Times,"MALIBU, Calif.  —   Barbra Streisand  —   whose coming album of duets, “Encore: Movie Partners Sing Broadway,” features a stellar supporting cast that includes Melissa McCarthy and Jamie Foxx  —   is talking about another duet with another celebrated singer, now long dead. That would be Judy Garland, whose television show Ms. Streisand visited in 1963 in what feels like a watershed moment in the history of fabled American vocalists. In the course of my recent   visit with Ms. Streisand at her cloistered estate here, she says several times that she doesn’t like revisiting her past. But since she’s been researching a memoir, she’s in a more retrospective state of mind than usual. And before the afternoon is over, she will take me on a circuitous tour of her long life in the spotlight, with frequent side trips into the persistent problems of being Barbra. Ms. Streisand, you see, has always been in charge  —   of her image, of her career and, whenever possible, of her immediate environment  —   ever since she started singing in Greenwich Village nightclubs as a gawky teenager in   clothes in the early 1960s. It is a determination that has made her one of the most enduring  —   and adored and disliked  —   of all American stars. It is also why she seems unlikely to retreat entirely behind the iron gates of the estate she says is the one place she is entirely comfortable. She needs to make sure that the version of Barbra that the world knows  —   onscreen, in recordings, in biographies  —   is the version she sees, as exactly as possible. Unlike many female stars of her generation and stature, she has rarely ceded control to any manager, or mate, or Svengali. Which brings us back to the subject of Garland, a singer with whom Ms. Streisand has been tellingly compared and contrasted over the years. Ms. Streisand was barely into her 20s when they met, but already on the cusp of astronomical stardom Garland, 41, would be dead six years later, one of Hollywood’s most notorious casualties of devouring fame. Yet when they sang two American standards in counterpoint  —   “Happy Days Are Here Again” (Ms. Streisand) and “Get Happy” (Garland)  —   they seemed like a matched set. Each interpreted an upbeat song with a big, trumpeting voice that nonetheless hinted at a small, solitary figure within. Happiness, as hymned in these renditions, would never be won easily. You can find that video on YouTube, and it is impossible to watch it without shivering. “Afterward, she used to visit me and give me advice,” Ms. Streisand says. “She came to my apartment in New York, and she said to me, ‘Don’t let them do to you what they did to me.’ I didn’t know what she meant then. I was just getting started. ” Whoever “they” were  —   studio moguls, a voyeuristic press, parasitic   cannibalistic fans  —   it was never likely that they could do to Ms. Streisand what they did to Garland. From the earliest days of her career, Ms. Streisand exuded a Garlandesque fragility and emotional openness. But her long nails and   eyes, both quizzical and confrontational, spoke of the toughness of someone singularly capable of protecting herself. Both sides of that dichotomy are still very much in evidence when I visit Ms. Streisand at her estate here, a compound of three main buildings that evoke a fantasy New England, incongruously situated above the glittering expanse of the Pacific Ocean. To step behind its gates after experiencing the brown and smoke shades of the adjoining highway on a hazy summer’s day is to feel like Garland’s Dorothy stepping from   Kansas into the Technicolor of Oz. Ms. Streisand  —   who is promoting both her album, due Aug. 26, and her   concert tour this month (called “The Music   …     the Mem’ries   …     the Magic! ”)  —   is waiting at the open door of the house she lives in. That’s as opposed to the one she works in  —   called “Grandma’s House”  —   or “the Barn,” which she describes as “an art project. ” That’s the one with a subterranean mall of   shops, a   marvel of themed décor and room after room of impeccably arranged artifacts. At 74, she looks like, well, Barbra Streisand, albeit a softer, more subdued version than the one you know from six decades of movies, from her Oscar   in the musical “Funny Girl” (1968) in which she recreated her Broadway performance as the Ziegfeld entertainer Fanny Brice, to the comedy “The Guilt Trip” (2012) with Seth Rogen. Though the rooms behind her beckon in carefully coordinated shades of pale, Ms. Streisand is wearing the uniform black of an East Coast urban dweller. “I am a New Yorker!” she exclaims, when I point out the discrepancy. “A Brooklynite. That means it’s an earthy place to come from. It’s reality, as compared to reality TV. ” In conversation, she is a paradoxical mix of   spontaneity and preoccupied vigilance. She may shoot from the hip when she talks about herself, but she also backtracks a lot, as if to retrace the bullet’s trajectory and make sure it hit its target. It’s when she’s guiding me through her homes  —   gleefully annotating their contents (while noshing from the plates of   snacks that keep materializing, courtesy of her longtime housekeeper)  —   that she seems most at ease. Ms. Streisand has created her own sui generis alternative reality here, one she shares with her husband, the actor James Brolin. (On this afternoon, the day before their 18th wedding anniversary, he is filming a movie in Canada, but he has sent her “four beautiful arrangements of flowers. ”) This world is arranged and maintained according to her highly exacting standards, though even here there are annoying signs of imperfection. “Vicky, whose truck is that?” she calls out to an assistant, as she’s showing me her   gardens. “It’s in the shot. Whenever I show my house, I never want a car in it. Also, tell somebody there’s a mop in the lavender room in Grandma’s House. ” Ms. Streisand has written a book about the creation of this private Xanadu, “My Passion for Design,” which became the unlikely basis for a play about her, Jonathan Tolins’s “Buyer  Cellar. ” No, she hasn’t seen it. One of the first things she says to me, chummily, is “I understand you’ve seen ‘Buyer  Cellar’ well, now you can see the real thing. ” Ms. Streisand says she hates to leave her Malibu property, the place where she can be in control. Almost as soon as she set foot onstage, during rehearsals for her first Broadway show, “I Can Get It for You Wholesale,” she has known, she says, that she was born to be a director, in all senses of that word. She has become one behind the camera, as the pioneering female director, star and producer of “Yentl,” “The Prince of Tides” and “The Mirror Has Two Faces. ” Being that kind of director, though, means waiting  —   and waiting  —   for   and money and rights to material. Though it had been announced a few weeks earlier that she would be making her   version of the musical “Gypsy”  —   in which she would portray the ultimate stage mother, Mama Rose  —   that project is again in limbo. “I’m at their mercy,” she says. “One day you’re going to do ‘Gypsy,’ the next day it’s off. And then this is the only place  —   writing a book, making a record or doing a tour  —   where I can do what I have to do, my work. ” The record is “Encore,” the 35th of Ms. Streisand’s studio albums. (To date, her records have sold about 245 million copies worldwide and with “Partners,” her 2014 compilation of duets, she became the only singer to land a No. 1 album in six successive decades.) She says that working on the numbers with the other singers  —   performers known principally for film work, and including Antonio Banderas, Alec Baldwin, Anne Hathaway and Seth MacFarlane  —   was rather like producing a series of  . She added dialogue and, in some cases, altered lyrics from Broadway classics. For her interpretation of Irving Berlin’s “Anything You Can Do,” from “Annie Get Your Gun,” she devised a prologue in which she and Ms. McCarthy sparred after learning they were up for the same film role. This allowed Ms. Streisand to interject a joke about how to say her name: It’s Streisand, as in “sand on the beach,” not “” a mispronunciation that has plagued her at least since she first appeared on “The Ed Sullivan Show” in the early 1960s. Recently, she heard John Mayer (with whom she sang on “Partners”) being interviewed by the producer and TV host Andy Cohen, and to her dismay, “they both called me Barbra  . ” She says she can’t wait for them to hear the duet with Ms. McCarthy. “Maybe they’ll get it now,” she says, managing to sound both amused and annoyed. The world is riddled with such exasperating errors, and Ms. Streisand sees herself as burdened with the Sisyphean task of uprooting them. Working on her memoir  —   scheduled for publication in 2017 (although she says, “Don’t hold your breath”)  —   she has become more agonizingly aware than ever of misrepresentations in the many, many accounts of her life that already exist. Writing about herself is not a process she enjoys. She says if she can speak fluently these days about   events, it is “only because I’ve had to look it up. ” She is grateful to have discovered the existence of the superfan Matt Howe’s online archive of all things Streisand. Not that she looks at it herself. “Because, again, it’s like the play [“Buyer  Cellar”],” she says. “How do I look at myself? I can’t do it. But my researcher tells me what’s on that thing, like Marvin Hamlisch singing ‘The Way We Were’ [the theme song of her 1973 hit movie with Robert Redford] before I changed the melody and some of the lyrics. ” For someone like me, who came of age watching and listening to Ms. Streisand in the early years of her career, her forced focus on the way she was is a godsend. It means that I get to see, in the screening room in the Barn, Ms. Streisand’s uncut sequence of herself as Fanny Brice performing “Swan Lake” in “Funny Girl. ” (She supplies a running annotation as we watch, which includes speaking, in character, the unrecorded dialogue that Fanny was saying onscreen.) I also get to hear about the Rialto of yore, where, as a young woman just a few years out of Erasmus Hall High School in Brooklyn, Ms. Streisand became a star in two musicals, “I Can Get It for You Wholesale” (1962) and “Funny Girl” (1964) the first and last Broadway shows in which she has appeared. When Ms. Streisand showed up at the Tony Awards in June (to present the award for best musical to “Hamilton”) it was her first appearance at the ceremony in 46 years. She never intended to make her career in live theater, she says. For one thing, she hated making the rounds of casting offices (“I’ve never wanted the humiliation of having to ask people for jobs”). There’s something, she says, about being judged  —   live and on the spot  —   that unnerves her, especially since her appearance in Central Park in 1967, when 150, 000 people showed up and she forgot lyrics onstage. Since then, “I always got frightened when I had to perform live. ” She was absent from commercial concert stages for the following 27 years. “I’m killing myself for this tour, because there’s a painting I want,” she says. She is a   “auction freak,” and the covetable paintings in her house include works by Munch and Modigliani, as well as a portrait of George Washington by Gilbert Stuart. (She performs at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn on Aug. 11 and 13.) She says she never sings a song the same way twice, which presented problems when she worked on Broadway. Her habit of continually tweaking her role as Miss Marmelstein, the overworked secretary in “Wholesale,” provoked its director, Arthur Laurents, into criticism that stings her to this day. “He said: ‘You’re never gonna make it in showbiz. You’re too undisciplined. You never do it exactly the same way. ’” Ms. Streisand says she visited Laurents  —   who also wrote the screenplay for “The Way We Were”  —   not long before he died in 2011. “And I said: ‘Arthur, what do you feel now about the way I work? Do you understand why I change things, or had a hard time freezing the same thing?’ He said, ‘I absolutely do understand.’ That was very rewarding for me. ” Though she had no previous Broadway experience at the time of “Wholesale,” Ms. Streisand had her own specific notions about the staging of it. And for the record, she says, the idea of performing her character’s big solo in an office chair on wheels was hers, not the choreographer Herbert Ross’s. She seems to look back on her younger self with a certain wonder. “I don’t know that I would have the chutzpah now,” she says. But where did that original immense confidence  —   and hunger  —   come from? Much has been written about Ms. Streisand’s Brooklyn childhood: the gap left by the death of her father, a scholar and schoolteacher, when she was a toddler the mother who never complimented her and thought she should become a secretary. (For the record, that’s how the signature nails came about, since they kept Ms. Streisand from being able to type.) “She had talent,” she says of her mother, who worked as a secretary but who Ms. Streisand describes as also having had “a beautiful voice. ” “She didn’t have the drive. I said, “Why didn’t you do this, why didn’t you go after your dream?’ You know what I’m saying? You can have a dream, but how do you manifest it, how do you make it happen? Hard work, heart, taking chances  —   that was always my philosophy. ” It’s all the more surprising, then, when Ms. Streisand says: “The thing is, I was always kind of lazy. On the one hand, I am  —   or I was  —   ambitious. On the other hand, if I was having a great love affair or something, I’d say, I don’t want to do anything else. I mean, searching for personal happiness was more important. ” That is why, she says, she turned down a number of plum roles in her first decade in Hollywood, including the starring roles in “They Shoot Horses, Don’t They? ,” “Klute” and “Julia. ” Those all went, memorably, to another actress. As Ms. Streisand says, in a deadpan aside, “I made Jane Fonda’s career. ” So will we ever get to see her as Mama Rose in “Gypsy”? Ms. Streisand is now several decades older than that character, modeled after the mother of the celebrated stripper Gypsy Rose Lee. But when you hear her talk about “Gypsy”  —   and to see the   “sizzle tape” she made, which ends with a concert performance of her defiantly singing the climactic number “Rose’s Turn”  —   the mouth still waters. Ms. Streisand has given much thought to Rose. She has talked to her friend Stephen Sondheim, the show’s lyricist, about potential revisions to the songs. She has an ace idea for the delivery of the broken words “mama, mama” in “Rose’s Turn,” based on her belief that the key to Rose’s blind ambition to make a star of her daughter can be found in the mother who walked out on her. Another description Ms. Streisand offers of Rose seems closer to  : “I think she’s tough as nails, but a tough person who’s vulnerable inside, you know? It’s like a crab, something that’s jelly inside. What makes for anger is also hurt, and that gives you the depth of playing somebody like that. ” The Malibu residence, as tailored to her tastes and needs as a couture dress might be, would seem to offer a place where a person might shed her shell. I ask her if she feels serene here. She doesn’t answer immediately. So I ask: “Do you ever feel serene?” “That’s a good question,” she says. So I ask it again. Her muttered response: “No, not really, sad to say. ”",0
4884,Megyn Kelly Stops By the Rumor Mill With Cameo at CNN Party - The New York Times,"PHILADELPHIA  —   The   CNN Grill is the Democratic convention’s unofficial clubhouse for striving media types to see and be seen. But nobody was expecting to see Megyn Kelly. A midnight cameo on Wednesday by Ms. Kelly, the star Fox News anchor at the center of a harassment scandal roiling her network, caught even the most jaded journalists  . Nobody had spotted Ms. Kelly outside the secure Fox compound here all week. And she has made clear that she is open to changing networks after her contract runs out next year. So the conspicuous sight of Ms. Kelly hobnobbing with CNN honchos like Anderson Cooper and Jeff Zucker, the network’s president, seemed calculated to set a certain class of tongues wagging. On Twitter, Ms. Kelly, who was accompanied by burly bodyguards, laughed it all off. “@donlemon dared some of us Fox Newsers to swing by the CNN Grill,” she wrote, posting a selfie with Mr. Lemon, the CNN anchor. “Thx Don!” In a way, the appearance of Ms. Kelly, who was joined by her fellow Fox host Dana Perino, signaled how much has changed at Fox since its chairman, Roger Ailes, was deposed. Fox personalities rarely fraternized with rival networks. (Greta Van Susteren was spotted at the grill this week, too.) Perhaps a new era is at hand. But who knows: Mr. Zucker, after chatting with Ms. Kelly, passed a group of reporters who had been pretending not to notice. “Get those rumors started!” Mr. Zucker said, laughing as he walked by.",0
4885,Hillary Clinton strangles Bald Eagle,"October 30, 2016 
In what is being described as another ‘bizarre’ attempt to sabotage her own campaign, Hillary Clinton has desecrated a series of beloved US symbols, including punching a bison, setting fire to the Stars & Stripes and spitting at Jerry Seinfield. The Presidential hopeful seems determined to make a series of unprovoked errors, not least of which was agreeing to Bill hosting a sleepover for a group of Girl Guides. 
Short of dressing the Statue of Liberty in a Burka, Mrs Clinton has lurched from one PR blunder to another. Commented one journalist: ‘The Presidential race is entering the final furlong and if Mrs Clinton was horse – and before you can say Benghazi – she’s gone from bookie’s favourite to an ingredient at the local glue factory’. 
Having already become the unwitting focus of various health scares and FBI investigations, Mrs Clinton’s campaign is as orderly as a Marx Brothers movie. 
Her lead in the polls has been cut as video emerges of her lighting a cigar with a rolled up Bill of Rights, then proceeding to take a dump on the White House lawn. 
Hillary’s erratic behaviour has seen her sing the Star-Spangled Banner in Korean, dress as Oprah Winfrey for Halloween and pebble-dash Mount Rushmore. Remarked a flummoxed advisor: ‘She keeps doing the unthinkable – like making Donald Trump electable’. Share this story...",0
4886,Michelle Malkin SCHOOLED The Idiots On ‘The View’ On Obama’s LIES To America. They’re SPEECHLESS!,"Ads Michelle Malkin SCHOOLED The Idiots On ‘The View’ On Obama’s LIES To America. They’re SPEECHLESS! Oct 29, 2016 Previous post 
For those of you who don’t know who Michell Malkin is, she is an author, blogger, columnist, and has recurring appearances on Fox News and other conservative media outlets. Malkin is one of the smartest and most accurate proponents in all of conservative media. If Ann Coulter is at the top, Malkin is in a close second. 
The View on the other hand, is filled with the biggest liberal dummies you can imagine. None of which are bigger or more insane than Joy Behar. Every time a political pundit or personality comes on the show, Behar always has to throw in her $.02 even though she has never held any office in her life, yet she talks like her s*** doesn’t stink and she knows everything. 
Well this time when Malkin was on, she had enough. As they discussed her book about corruption in the Obama campaign, Malkin let her have it. 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
4887,Stock Markets Collapse In Anticipation Of Trump Win: Dow Jones Futures Down 750 Points,"Panic has set in across the world as anti-establishment candidate Donald Trump looks to be set to take the Presidency of the United States.
Dow Jones futures are down 754 points as of this writing.

Gold prices are up $47 and silver us up $0.75, like as a result of a panic into safe haven assets:


",0
4888,Gang Member Released by Jerry Brown Charged with Attempted Murder of Cop - Breitbart,"A pair of gang members  —   one of whom was reportedly out on the streets because of Jerry Brown’s sentencing reform to allow “ ” offenders to be released early from state prison to county supervision  —   were arrested in the early morning hours last Friday. [The two allegedly went on a violent crime spree in Murrieta and Temecula that included allegedly stealing two cars, reckless driving and firing multiple shots at pursuing police officers.  According to Sun News and Review, Fernando Alonso and Jose Perez Rodriguez have been booked on a long list of charges: Since their initial booking, both Alonso and Rodriguez have also been booked by Murrieta PD detectives for the added booking charge of PC    —   Attempted Murder of a Peace Officer, which carries a $1, 000, 000 bail. It all reportedly started at approximately 2:35 am on Friday, May 5th, according to a Valley News report, when a Murrieta police officer attempted a traffic stop on a vehicle as it entered the Las Brisas Apartment complex. “As the officer was approaching the vehicle on foot, the driver of the vehicle sped off at a high rate of speed with the vehicle’s headlights off,” Murrieta Police Lieutenant Ron Driscoll stated in a written press release reported by multiple news sources. The driver, later identified as Alonso, led police on a   chase through Murrieta, Temecula and outlying areas, endangering the public and showing no regard for the safety of the pursuing officers.  In fact, according to Driscoll, Alonso, the driver of the vehicle leaned out of the speeding vehicle “and fired multiple gunshots at the officers, striking one of the patrol vehicles. ” Murrieta PD sought help from Riverside County Sheriffs, who dispatched a   unit along with a helicopter known as “Star 9. ” It took about 3 hours of searching in the air and on foot to locate one of the subjects hiding in the backyard of a residence, near some trash cans. Several officers were injured in the ensuing struggle to arrest Alonso, according to news reports, but finally the   unit was deployed, and he was subdued, handcuffed and taken away. The other suspect, Rodriguez, was arrested a short time later near a second stolen vehicle. Stolen property from multiple vehicle   all over the city of Temecula were allegedly recovered. “Rodriguez is a product of Assembly Bill 109, which is the California State Realignment Act that was signed into law in 2011,” Driscoll explained in a Press Release obtained by Valley News. “AB 109 allows for thousands of [supposedly] less serious felony offenders to remain out of custody on supervision (county probation instead of state parole) whereas they would have previously been eligible for state prison. ” Both suspects are now being charged with attempted murder of a peace officer, and likely will not be able to make their $1 million dollar bail. Repeated calls to Gov. Jerry Brown for comment by Breitbart News went unanswered. Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author who is doing a book tour for his new book: Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless. He ran for governor in 2014. FaceBook: https:  . facebook. . donnelly.  Twitter:  @PatriotNotPol",0
4889,Sergei Shoigu: Admiral Kuznetsov Aircraft-carrying Cruiser Has Begun Military Operations for the First Time in History of Russian Navy; Kills Over 50 Nusra Terrorists Including Commanders in Aleppo,"On Tuesday, Russian Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft-carrying cruiser began combat operations in Syria, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said. 
Shoigu said Russian frigate Admiral Grigorovich launched missiles on terrorist targets in Syria, Sputnik reported. 
""Today, we started a major operation to launch massive strikes on ISIL and al-Nusra Front (also known as Fatah al-Sham Front) targets in the Idlib and Homs provinces in Syria,"" Shoigu said at a meeting with the ministry’s leadership and defense enterprises. 
""For the first time in history of Russian Navy, Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft-carrying cruiser has begun military operations,"" Shoigu said. 
Russian naval task force in Syria is reliably protected by Bastion Coastal Defense Missile Systems and Pantsir systems, the minister said. 
Russian Admiral Grigorovich frigate targeted terrorists in Syria with Kalibr cruise missile strikes, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said on Tuesday. 
""Today, we started a large-scale operation on launching massive strikes on ISIL and al-Nusra Front targets in the Idlib and Homs provinces in Syria,"" Shoigu said, Sputnik reported. 
According to him, Admiral Grigorovich frigate, Bastion coastal missile systems and ""for the first time in history of the Russian Naval Forces"" Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft-carrying cruiser take part in the military operation. 
""Admiral Grigorovich frigate takes part in the operation. Today, it launched Kalibr cruise missiles on terrorist targets that had been confirmed by intelligence data and determined in advance,"" the minister said at a meeting of Russian President Vladimir Putin with top officials of the Russian Armed Forces.",0
4890,New Study Claims Life DOES Exist On Mars And It Was Found By The Viking Lander in 1976,"Leaked Audio Of Hillary Clinton Proposing ‘Rigging Election’ Ξ [October 29, 2016] BLOG New Study Claims Life DOES Exist On Mars And It Was Found By The Viking Lander in 1976 posted by Eddie A new study published in the Journal Astrobiology suggests that the 1976 Viking (LR) experiment found evidence to support microbial life on the surface of Mars. Forty years ago, before we had any idea there was liquid water on Mars, and that the red planet was the closest thing to Earth within our solar system, the 1976 Viking (KR) experiment found conclusive evidence to support the existence of life on Mars, a new study claims. Strangely, forty years ago ‘traces of life’ on Mars were dismissed as an error, but scientists today beg to differ. The question whether or not Mars is inhabited has captured the interest and imagination of millions around the globe. In 1976, an experiment known as the Viking Labeled Released returned POSITIVE results for traces of LIFE on Mars. Both Viking Landers, which touched down over 6,000 kilometers apart returned ver similar results which led many researchers to conclude Martian life had been detected. However, as skeptics, as we are in our nature, the discovery was dismissed and labeled as non-biological. Soil material that supports this explanation remained a mystery. Now forty years after the Viking Labeled Released experiment, and with a new database of fresh knowledge; water on the surface in liquid form, complex organic molecules and METHANE on Mars, experts around the globe indicate we cannot RULE OUT the possibility there is life on the surface of Mars. Astrobiologists argue that there is enough evidence to support the theory Mars is inhabited. A recently published article in the Journal Astrobiology has researchers from Arizona State University, Tempe, and the National Institutes of Health, Bethesda discussing the idea there is life on Mars. Experts argue that evidence is ‘consistent with a biological explanation,’ which means that it is very probable that some sort of microorganisms on Mars managed to adapt and evolve enough to become resistant to the harsh and dangerous environmental conditions that rule on the surface of the red planet. What experts did was dig into the LR experiments from the 1976 Viking Labeled Release and evaluate the ‘non-biological hypothesis. In the LR tests, researchers subjected samples from Martian soil from both lenders to nutrient injection, pre-heating and were left to ‘lay it off’ in a dark room for nearly two months. Researchers found that there were similarities to responses seen in terrestrial soil, including data from samples collected in California, Alaska, and Antarctica. The authors of the study wrote: “Each of these characteristics is reminiscent of responses by a compendium of terrestrial microorganism species, including the initial positive responses, the 160C and 50C heat controls, the reabsorption of evolved gas upon second injection of nutrient, and death from isolated long-term storage.” Since Mars has been the subject of debate for over half a century, numerous explanations and theories have been proposed to address certain discoveries. Researchers had to consider all possibilities, including those which suggested that the results obtained from the LR experiments were ‘most likely caused by a non-biological soil oxidant.’ However, no such oxidation, that can satisfy all of the discoveries has ever been found, and experts didn’t perform any further metabolic experiments on the surface of Mars. All of this could change in the near future as experts warn we must adequately prepare for a manned mission to the surface of the red planet. Since such missions are obviously inevitable, it is imperative for health, safety, and biology to explain the results the Viking landers came across in 1976. The authors write in the study: “Plans for any Mars sample return mission should also take into account that such a sample may contain viable, even if dormant, alien life.” “We cannot rule out the biological explanation. This has implications for plans for sample return from Mars and future human missions.” Source:",0
4891,US Hypocrisy: Bombing of Aleppo is no Worse than what Happened in Gaza and Iraq     : Information," US Hypocrisy: Bombing of Aleppo is no Worse than what Happened in Gaza and Iraq By Gareth Porter "" MEE "" - The Russian-Syrian bombing campaign in eastern Aleppo, which has ended at least for the time being, has been described in press reports and op-eds as though it were unique in modern military history in its indiscriminateness. In an usual move for a senior US official, Secretary of State John Kerry called for an investigation of war crimes in Aleppo.
The discussion has been lacking in historical context, however. Certainly the civilian death toll from the bombing and shelling in Aleppo has been high, but many of the strikes may not be all that dissimilar from the major US bombing campaign in Iraq in 2003, nor as indiscriminate as Israels recent campaigns in densely populated cities.
The impression that the bombing in Aleppo was uniquely indiscriminate was a result of news reporting and commentary suggesting, by implication, that there are no real military targets in east Aleppo.
But in fact, al-Nusra Front turned Aleppo into the central hub of a massive system of conventional warfare in Aleppo province in late January 2016 when it sent an enormous convoy of at least 200 vehicles with troops and weaponry into eastern Aleppo. A dramatic three-minute al-Nusra video shows what appears to be hundreds of vehicles full of troops and trucks with weapons mounted on them.
The Russian command in Syria has drones observing the routes in and out of Aleppo, so it certainly knew where many of those military sites were located. Syrian opposition sources also revealed that Nusra began immediately to put the military assets at its disposal underground, digging deep bunkers to protect troops, military equipment and tunnels through which troops and weapons could be moved unseen.
The move underground explains the Russian use of bunker-buster bombs for the first time in the war. As the Guardian reported , Justin Bronk of the British defence think tank Royal United Service Institute concluded that the Russians have high-grade intelligence of the whereabouts of Syrian opposition positions, mainly because bunker buster bombs are too expensive to use simply to destroy buildings at random.
But like Hamas fighters in Gaza in 2014, the Nusra Front-led command in Aleppo has moved its troops, weapons and command centres around in the tunnels that they have built. So many of the Russian and Syrian air strikes are almost certainly hitting targets that have already been abandoned. And in other cases, the wrong target has undoubtedly been hit.
The Aleppo Health Directorate, a local monitoring group, estimated that 400 civilians had been killed in the first three weeks of bombing in east Aleppo. The United Nations put the death toll at 360 .
Drop the superiority act As terrible as that toll of civilian lives is, the United States should drop the stance of moral superiority. When the US military invaded Iraq in 2003, it made no effort to keep track of how many civilians were killed in its bombing and artillery fire, claiming it had no way to tell who was civilian and who was not.
And the best estimates of civilians killed in US and Israeli urban wars dont provide any basis for moral superiority. A survey of Baghdads hospitals by the Los Angeles Times in May 2003 produced an estimate of at least 1,700 civilians killed in the first five weeks of American war. The estimate included those who had died in ground fighting and from unexploded ordnance, but even with those contributing factors subtracted from the total, it would still be far greater than those killed in the assault on east Aleppo on a weekly basis.
The three-week Israeli war on Gaza City in 2009 and the seven-week war on Gaza in 2014 were also far deadlier than Aleppo. The former killed 773 civilians, according to an investigation by the Israeli human rights organisation BTselem. The latter killed 1,473 Palestinian civilians, according to the UN Office of Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs .
Attacks on hospitals The one feature of the Russian-Syrian air offensive on east Aleppo that seems most clearly to violate the laws of war is the targeting of hospitals. Media accounts have referred to air strikes with barrel bombs that have hit two major hospitals in the rebel-held part of the city.
The Syrian government has been acting as though it regards the hospitals in eastern Aleppo as serving the Nusra Front command, and the hospitals, which are under intense pressure from the militants who run that part of Aleppo, have fed the governments suspicions.
As a detailed report by Doctors Without Borders (MSF) on the air strikes that hit the Al Quds hospital on 27 April explains, the local organisation that created a new system of hospitals in 2011 decided not to declare the hospitals openly but to keep them underground  meaning secret from the government.
In fact, of course, the government knows perfectly well where all 10 hospitals in east Aleppo are located. The 27 April air strike that damaged the Al Quds hospital shows how the government has responded. It began with an air strike that destroyed a building across the street from the hospital. The building was a school, but former residents of east Aleppo who have gotten out have confirmed that organisations associated with the al-Qaeda-dominated command have located their offices in schools to try to hide their staff.
Within a few minutes of the initial strike, according to the MSF account, Al Quds hospital staff were pulling survivors out of the rubble and taking them across the street to the emergency room, whereupon the Syrian air force dropped a barrel bomb at the entrance to the emergency room, killing several of the hospital staff, including one doctor. Then it dropped one close enough to the side of the hospital to hit the emergency room and, minutes later, hit a building down the block where hospital staff were staying.
Such attacks on those who try to save the lives of survivors of bombing attacks  sometimes called double tap attacks - are rightly condemned as violations of humanitarian law. And the belief that the staff at the hospital are operating in effect as medics for the adversarys military does not justify attacking it and the wounded sheltered there.
But such violations of the laws of war are hardly unique to Aleppo or Syria.
Hardly unique US drone strikes in Pakistan have hit rescuers or mourners after hitting their initial targets in numerous documented cases . In the 2009 Gaza attacks, the Israeli military argued that Hamas fighters were using hospitals to hide from Israeli bombing, but offered no valid evidence to support it, as the Goldstone Report showed .
In 2014, the Israelis completely destroyed the Al-Wafa hospital in an air strike recorded for public release after claiming falsely that it had been fired on by Palestinian gunmen.
In its wars in Gaza and in Lebanon, the IDF has gone well beyond the Russian and Syrian Aleppo campaign in refusing to recognise any distinction between civilian targets. It not only targeted civilian offices in both Gaza wars, but treated entire areas of the city as a legitimate target, on the premise that all civilians had been ordered to leave.
And in both Gaza and in Beirut suburb of Dahiya , it levelled several high-rise buildings where they believed Hezbollah had offices. The IDF called it the Dahiya doctrine, and threatened great damage and destruction on any adversary in any future war in the region.
Heavy bombing in a city is inherently fraught with moral risk, and attacks on genuine civilian targets can never be excused. But such practices have been carried out and legitimised in the past by the very government that is now claiming the role of moral and legal arbiter. That hypocrisy needs to be recognised and curbed as well.
- Gareth Porter is an independent investigative journalist and winner of the 2012 Gellhorn Prize for journalism. He is the author of the newly published Manufactured Crisis: The Untold Story of the Iran Nuclear Scare .",0
4892,Kelly Promises to Build Trump’s Wall in 2 Years or Less,"The new Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) retired Marine General John Kelly, believes he can make good on President Donald Trump’s promise to build a wall on the U. S.  border in 2 years or less. [In an interview with Fox News late Wednesday, Secretary Kelly said, “The wall will be built where it’s needed first, and then it will be filled in. That’s the way I look at it.  I really hope to have it done within the next two years. ”  Kelly’s attitude toward border enforcement is 180 degrees from previous heads of DHS  —   even under President Bush, whose Undersecretary Asa Hutchinson halted all interior enforcement in Southern California due to political outcry back in 2004. As a General, Kelly is as accustomed to giving orders as following them. While it may be an ambitious schedule, unlike his predecessors, Secretary Kelly will not have to fight the executive branch in order to secure the border. In the same interview, he sounded optimistic about Congress, saying that the money will come. “I think the funding will come relatively quickly and like I said, we will build it where it’s needed first as identified by the men and women who work the border,” Kelly emphasized. Speaker Paul Ryan confirmed Kelly’s optimism in an interview Thursday with Fox  Friends. “We have already authorized this, meaning the law was passed almost 10 years ago,” Ryan said. “And then we will give the financing to Secretary Kelly and the border security plan. So, it’s really up to them as to how fast they can execute this policy. I think that’s great. He’s the kind of guy that can get this sort of thing done. He will have the funding to do it and he already has the authorization to do it. ” Ryan is referring to the Secure Fence Act of 2006, which was passed by Congress, signed into law by President Bush, but never adequately funded and never fully executed. According to a Yahoo News story, cost estimates are all over the map:  “Trump has said that his cost estimates for building the wall range from $4 to $10 billion, but other estimates put the price at $11 billion for 400 more miles of fencing. The MIT Technology Review estimated that a 1, 000 mile steel and concrete wall would cost $27 to $40 billion. ” Whatever the cost, a wall is only one part of the solution  —   but according to those charged with securing the border, it is a critically important and welcome tool in their arsenal. Even though Democrats are likely to throw up road blocks, citing environmental and other concerns —  which have succeeded in the past in delaying construction indefinitely —  Secretary Kelly has the backing of the President and his advisors. Whatever roadblocks arise, the retired Marine General is likely to steamroll over, tunnel under or just blow up. Until today, the single most important component required to complete the border wall has not been money or materials, but political will. Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman. Author, Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless, FaceBook: https:  . facebook. . donnelly.  Twitter:  @PatriotNotPol",0
4893,More Electoral College Members Receiving Death Threats From Hillary Supporters Ahead Of December Voting,"NTEB Ads Privacy Policy More Electoral College Members Receiving Death Threats From Hillary Supporters Ahead Of December Voting Hillary voters around the country are bombarding Electoral College with emails, some of them threatening, in an effort to force them to vote against the outcome of the presidential election. by Geoffrey Grider November 21, 2016 A member of the electoral commission in Texas says his colleagues are getting death threats as angry Hillary supporters ramp up the pressure before electors cast their vote on December 19th. 
Hillary voters around the country are bombarding Electoral College with emails, some of them threatening, in an effort to force them to vote against the outcome of the presidential election. “At first everyone was kinda enchanted by it. Now all the electors are starting to get beaten down. There are some electors who have been threatened with harm or with death,” Texas elector Alex Kim told NBC 5. “When people ask me to vote for Hillary Clinton, there’s no way,” he said. “I reject the Democratic Party principles and I reject Hillary Clinton .” Kim said he had a message for all the people who are trying to pressure him into changing his vote; “Go to hell”. Hillary Supporters Send Death Threats to Electors: As we previously reported , another elector in Michigan said he has also received a number of death threats, including a promise that he would be shot in the head if he voted for Trump. “I’ve had people talk about shoving a gun in my mouth and blowing my brains out. And I’ve received dozens and dozens of those emails. Even the non-threatening-my-life emails are very aggressive,” Michael Banerian told the Detroit News, adding that he has been labeled a “hateful bigot” by the same people who are violently threatening him. A petition to demand electors change their vote to Clinton has also surpassed 4.5 million signatures. Meanwhile on Twitter , Hillary supporters are organizing on how to pressure electors under the hashtag #HamiltonElectors , a reference to Mike Pence being lectured by a cast member of the musical show. Unfortunately for them, conservatives found the hashtag and have now largely taken it over to decry leftists attempting to overturn the results of a democratic election. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  ",0
4894,US election claims against Russia expose Clinton: Analyst,"US election claims against Russia expose Clinton: Analyst US election claims against Russia expose Clinton: Analyst By 0 166 
The United States government is trying to distract people from the true nature of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton by accusing Russia of influencing the election against her. 
Don DeBar, a New York-based author and radio host, made the remarks in an interview with Press TV on Thursday, following Russian President Vladimir Putin’s response to Washington’s accusations of sponsoring hacking attacks against the US. 
Speaking to foreign policy experts during a Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi, southern Russia on Thursday, Putin said Washington was using Russia as a distraction to cover the fact that this year’s White House contenders had nothing to offer on real issues. 
“The subject matter of what is being revealed here is definitely an action item that defines who Clinton is,” DeBar said. 
“Also, the thing that is really galling is the fact that we are told to ignore the content, and the content is something that goes to the…",0
4895,"Donald Trump, Aleppo, Yahoo: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The meeting between tech executives and   Donald Trump included leaders of some of the world’s most successful companies, including Jeff Bezos of Amazon, above. Three of Mr. Trump’s children attended. What unfolded is less immediately clear  —   the press was quickly ushered out of the room. Mr. Bezos had already made news, announcing that Amazon made its first commercial drone delivery this month, in Britain. _____ 2. A deal to end the brutal assaults on the Syrian city of Aleppo fell through. Artillery shelling resumed, in the latest bitter turn for the thousands of civilians and medical workers unable to flee the ruined city for territory held by the   government. A nurse said he hoped the world would hear “our final scream. ” _____ 3. In Washington, congressional Republicans face a vexing dilemma over Russia. The party’s catechism teaches a tough line on what it calls Russian adventurism, and Republican leaders have been infuriated by evidence of Russian cyberattacks affecting the presidential election and even some House races. But Mr. Trump, who has dismissed the idea that the attacks were in support of his campaign, wants votes for his pick for secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, Exxon Mobil’s chief executive and a longtime friend of the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin. _____ 4. North Carolina’s bitter election battle is over, but the struggle for control of state government is not. In a surprise special session, Republicans in the Legislature moved to strip the incoming Democratic governor, Roy Cooper, of power over election boards, his own cabinet and many state employees. “It appears this fourth special session will be to nullify the vote of the people,” the leader of House Democrats said. _____ 5. Yahoo disclosed a second enormous hack that compromised user accounts. The company says that 1 billion users were affected and sensitive information may have been obtained. The breach happened in 2013, a year before hackers stole data from 500 million users. _____ 6. The Federal Reserve, citing the steady growth of the U. S. economy, will increase its benchmark interest rate for just the second time since the 2008 financial crisis. The move means that all sorts of expenses  —   including the cost of housing, cars, student loans and even the interest on your credit card  —   will eventually go up. The rate, close to zero for years, remains low by historical standards. _____ 7. “I was really looking for a confrontation, so I could kill. ” That’s what President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines  said, boasting that he had personally killed criminals during his time as mayor of Davao City. He is now overseeing a bloody crackdown on drug dealers and users in the country, above. Mexico is also grappling with bloodshed: An increasingly volatile criminal landscape has fueled a surge in homicides, with 17, 063 cases recorded in the first 10 months of this year. _____ 8. The Obama administration issued a rule to stop states from withholding federal funds for health clinics that provide abortions. Federal law already prohibits government financing for abortions, with some exceptions. The new rule is meant to prevent states from cutting off funding to Planned Parenthood affiliates and other groups for unrelated health services. Separately, a new study undermines the claim that women who terminate pregnancies experience emotional and psychological trauma. _____ 9. In yet another jolt to the auction world, the chief executive of Christie’s has decided to step down. Patricia Barbizet, above, will hand the reins to Guillaume Cerutti. The news came just a week after Brett Gorvy, Christie’s top   announced that he would be leaving. Auction houses have been struggling for inventory amid political and economic uncertainty. _____ 10. The legions of bots operating on Twitter may be best known for incessantly spewing spam or insults, but there’s an emerging class of politicized bots taking hold. “You could think of them as ‘protest bots,’” our media critic writes. Some fight disinformation with facts and others are meant to distract trolls. One is identifying every American who donated to Mr. Trump’s campaign. _____ 11. The act of running may not seem to require much thought, but a new study suggests that it enhances cognition. Research shows that for certain cognitive skills, like multitasking and concentration, the brains of competitive distance runners were more finely honed than those of inactive people. _____ 11. Finally, Super Mario is coming to our iPhones (and iPads). The release of Super Mario Run on Thursday means that one of the   games in history (or at least one based on it) can be played on one of the most popular electronic devices in the world. It’s not cheap: $9. 99 for full access. And to limit piracy, it requires a full internet connection. _____ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
4897,Report: Obama Gave $221 Million to Palestinians in Last Hours,"The Associated Press reported Monday that former President Barack Obama released $221 million in U. S. funding for the Palestinian Authority on the morning of Friday, January 20  —   just hours before he was to leave office. [The AP details:  A State Department official and several congressional aides say the outgoing administration formally notified Congress it would spend the money Friday morning, just before Donald Trump became president. More than $227 million in foreign affairs funding was released at the time, including $4 million for climate change programs and $1. 25 million for U. N. organizations. At least two GOP lawmakers had placed holds on the Palestinian funds. Congressional holds are generally respected by the executive branch but are not legally binding. This was not the first time Obama had granted funding to the Palestinian Authority despite Congress’s wishes. In 2012, for example, he unblocked nearly $200 million that had been frozen in response to Palestinians’ unilateral actions at the United Nations, using a legal waiver included in the Palestinian Accountability Act. Republicans have increasingly called for blocking or canceling funding to the Palestinian Authority, not only because of unilateral diplomatic moves toward statehood, but also because of increasing evidence that funds are used to incite violence and provide financial rewards to terrorists. The Palestinian Authority reportedly provides compensation to the families of terrorist prisoners incarcerated in Israeli prisons, as well as to those who have killed themselves in attacks on Israeli civilians. The total amount allocated by the Palestinian Authority budget for “the Care for the Families of the Martyrs” was reportedly about $175 million in 2016, and an additional $140 million was reportedly allocated for payments to prisoners and former prisoners. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas was also among the first world leaders that President Obama called after taking office in January 2009. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
4898,27 Civilians Killed in Saudi Airstrikes Against Yemen Villages,"Attacks Destroyed Villagers' Homes, Burned Farms by Jason Ditz, October 30, 2016 Share This 
While the biggest single Saudi airstrike over the weekend in Yemen targeted a prison in Hodeidah, dozens of other strikes were reported over the weekend by villagers around Taiz and in the Maarib Province, with attacks killing at least 27 civilians , and wounding a number of others. 
Most of the casualties were in Taiz, where attacks destroyed several homes and caused a large number of injuries. With hospitals in the area having very limited access to medicine because of the naval blockade, many of those injuries proved fatal. 
The attacks in Maarib and Saada, however, may prove more devastating to the country in the long run, targeting some of the very limited farmland Yemen has, destroying a number of villagers’ homes and burning a lot of that farmland. Yemen has to import some 90 percent of its food under normal circumstances, with such imports severely limited by the blockade, and the loss of farmland just adds to food insecurity in the nation. 
Saudi Arabia has been coming under growing international criticism for its air war against Yemen, with massive numbers of civilians killed and little sign that the promised improvements to targeting will ever amount to anything. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
4899,"Saying She’ll Do ’Everything,’ Aussie Girl Sells Her Virginity for $250K","A    Australian woman stirred controversy recently when she took out a classified ad to sell her virginity for $250, 000, reports say. [In her ad, the young woman described herself as having an athletic body. She says she stands at 5 feet, three inches and weighs 97 pounds. The woman posted to a classified ad website called Locanto this week, the Daily Mail reported.  Photos associated with the ad show a slender girl with long, dirty blond hair standing in her underwear. She began her ad telling potential clients that she had several conditions for the sale of her virginity. “We have to go to a restaurant, so we can go out for a dinner, and we can meet,” the ad said. “It will happen in a hotel which you can choose. If I don’t want to do this, I can rescind from the deal. ” She also put a ban on any sort of sex toys and insisted there could be no violence involved. “The price is $250. . Send me your questions and offer. I am open for everything,” the ad concluded. This is far from the first time a young woman has offered her virginity for sale online. As the paper notes, an    German girl did the same thing in May. In March, a Romanian girl reportedly sold her virginity for $2. 6 million, despite the warning from her parents that they would disown her if she went through with the deal. In 2014, a    medical student said she would sell her virginity for $800, 000. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
4900,"Police Launch Hours-Long Attack On Dakota Access Pipeline Resistance, Injure Dozens","Police in North Dakota surrounded hundreds of water protectors fighting construction of the Dakota Access pipeline on a highway bridge and fired a water cannon, tear gas, concussion grenades, and rubber bullets. During the assault, which lasted for hours, the police also threatened the group with a long-range acoustic device to further disorient them. Standing Rock Sioux Tribe’s emergency medical services deployed to treat dozens of individuals with injuries.
For months, protests, including nonviolent direct action, have taken place with indigenous people, who will suffer the worst impact, at the forefront. An encampment called Sacred Stone Camp near the Standing Rock reservation has stood as a grand example of resistance.
On November 20, according to a press statement from the Sacred Stone Camp, water protectors attempted to remove “burnt military vehicles” that police “chained to barriers weeks ago,” which were blocking traffic on Highway 1806. The effort was undertaken with a semi-truck, and water protectors hoped to “clear the road to improve access to the camp for emergency services.”
11/20/16: Burnt military truck left by police to block Hwy 1806 removed by water protectors using semi & chains. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/2ryIRN90VV 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) November 21, 2016 

Police responded with an incredible show of force, using multiple so-called “non-lethal” tools in their arsenal to pummel water protectors. Particularly unsettling was the blasting of water at water protectors when the temperature dropped to 26 degrees Fahrenheit. There were multiple complaints of people suffering from the early onset of hypothermia.
Tara Houska, the national campaigns director for Honor the Earth, reacted, “For weeks, the main highway to the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation has been cut off, with no movement by the state to address a public safety risk. Attempting to clear the road was met with police spraying people with water cannons in 26 degree weather.”
“That’s deadly force. It’s freezing outside. They want to kill people for clearing a road? When will our cries be heard? Stop the Dakota Access pipeline. Respect the rights of indigenous people, of all peoples.”
The director of the Sacred Stone Camp, LaDonna Allard, responded, “All I can say is why? We are asking for clean water, we are asking for the right to live, we are asking for our children to live. Instead they attack us, because they protect oil. Morton county and DAPL security are inhuman. What is wrong with their hearts?”
The Morton County Sheriff’s Department, which responded to the water protectors’ move to clear the highway, put out a statement on Facebook that was taken by outlets, such as NBC News and CNN, as the frame for understand the “clashes” that unfolded.
“Law enforcement is currently involved in an ongoing riot on the Backwater Bridge, north of a protest camp in Morton County. Protesters in mass amounts, estimated to be around 400, are on the bridge and attempting to breach the bridge to go north on highway 1806. Protesters have started a dozen fires near the bridge,” the Department alleged.
The Sacred Stone Camp reported flares were shot by law enforcement. Those flares ignited “grass fires.” However, the water cannon was not specifically used to extinguish the fires. The water cannon was directed at water protectors.
Drone footage captures police spraying Dakota Access Pipeline protesters with a water cannon.
Video shows the water cannon as police directed it at nonviolent water protectors. The video, shot with a drone, was at one point shot at with a water cannon presumably to knock it out of the air. The camp indicated police “shot down three media drones and targeted journalists with less lethal rounds.”
Unicorn Riot, a volunteer-operated collective of multimedia artists and journalists that has been on the ground documenting Standing Rock resistance for months, reported on the scale of the force used against water protectors as well as the impact on protectors.
The collective indicated there were serious injuries, including “one person who was badly injured after being shot in the head with a rubber bullet.” A girl, who is 13 years-old, was reportedly shot in the face and suffered lung and eye irritation from the tear gas. There were multiple reports of cardiac arrest. One of Unicorn Riot’s reporters “had their press badge shot off when shot in the abdomen by a rubber bullet.” Multiple individuals suffered seizures. At least 150 water protectors suffered injuries.
As Unicorn Riot reported, police “formed a line with armored vehicles, concrete barriers, and razor wire.” The police unleashed a plume of water on hundreds of people for hours, who chose to stand their ground but also in a sense were trapped because of how the police established a perimeter limiting where they could disperse.
For hours, Kevin Gilbertt live streamed the incredible use of force by police. His stream eventually climbed to 50,000-plus viewers as cable news networks like CNN stuck to regularly scheduled programming and refused to offer viewers a news break covering what was happening.
Dallas Goldtooth of the Indigenous Environmental Network declared, “Tribal EMS are stepping up and providing services that should be the responsibility of Morton County, this is ridiculous. Because of the police enforced roadblock, ambulances now have an extra 30 minutes to get to the hospital. Those are life and death numbers right there, and Morton County and the State of North Dakota will be responsible for the tally.”
Police maintained their barricade around the encampment throughout the night and into the morning, according to Navajo and Yankton Dakota writer Jacqueline Keeler. This obstructed EMTs from being able to get to the camp.
In an interview with Goldtooth, Angela Bibens of the Red Owl Legal Collective, indicated 20 mace canisters were fired in a period of five minutes at one point. This resulted in a number of individuals losing control of their bowel functions. “One elder went into cardiac arrest and was revived through CPR at the front line by medics.” The police also fired mace canisters at medics.
Yet, despite the assault, Bibens described the response of people nearby as “calm.” They maintained their resolve and rushed blankets to the front line. They provided forms of immediate medical aid, and some even chose to stay at the front line to help others hold their ground against the assault. Multiple water protectors donned gas masks and grabbed shields to face down the police.
There was one reported arrest, but why that person was arrested was not immediately clear.
Rob Keller, a spokesman for the Morton County Sheriff’s Department, parsed language and maintained no water cannon was used and water was only deployed to put out the fires that were set by water protectors. This is only accurate if one ignores the hours of video footage showing water shot directly at water protectors or if one calls what was turned against water protectors a hose instead of a cannon.
Apparently, the Morton County Sheriff’s Department previously expressed concern about hypothermia at the encampments, as winter approaches. But on November 20, Morton County police had no second thoughts about dousing water protectors with water for hours, even if it meant they might end up needing emergency medical attention.
Last week, Energy Transfer Partners LP Chief Executive Officer Kelcy Warren said the pipeline will not be rerouted despite concerns expressed by indigenous Americans. The Army Corps of Engineers has examined possible changes to the route so the pipeline does not violate sacred Native American land.
Energy Transfer Partners announced on November 8 it would start the “final phase” of construction around November 22 and ignore the requests of federal agencies to suspend construction until a new assessment could be completed.
In September, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the rights of Indigenous Peoples, Victoria Tauli-Corpuz, called for the construction to end and cited “serious risks to drinking water and potential destruction of the tribe’s lands.” She also acknowledged indigenous people were denied access to information and excluded from consultations during planning.
The Standing Medic and Healer Council declared in a statement: “We call on the Morton County Sheriff’s office to immediately stop the potentially lethal use of these confrontational methods against people peacefully assembled. We request media support, medical support, and observers to the area immediately.”
The post Police Launch Hours-Long Attack On Dakota Access Pipeline Resistance, Injure Dozens appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
4901,NYPD: Hillary Clinton ‘Child Sex Scandal’ About To Break,"posted by Eddie New York Police Department (NYPD) detectives have uncovered evidence of a ‘child sex ring’ on Anthony Weiner’s laptop that they say could “ put Hillary Clinton away for life “. According to NYPD sources, files found on Weiner’s newly found laptop which he shared with his wife Huma Abedin, show evidence of a political pedophile ring operating within Washington, involving members of Congress as well as numerous top Clinton aides and insiders. According to reports , a folder on Weiner’s laptop named “ life insurance ” contains explicit evidence that both Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin helped run and cover-up a Washington pedophile sex ring. NYPD sources said these new emails include evidence linking Clinton herself and associates to: Money laundering Sex crimes with minors (children) Perjury Pay to play through Clinton Foundation Obstruction of justice Other felony crimes NYPD detectives and a NYPD Chief, the department’s highest rank under Commissioner, said openly that if the FBI and Justice Department fail to garner timely indictments against Clinton and co- conspirators, NYPD will go public with the damaging emails now in the hands of FBI Director James Comey and many FBI field offices. “What’s in the emails is staggering and as a father, it turned my stomach,” the NYPD Chief said. “There is not going to be any Houdini-like escape from what we found. We have copies of everything. We will ship them to Wikileaks or I will personally hold my own press conference if it comes to that.” The NYPD Chief said once Comey saw the alarming contents of the emails he was forced to reopen a criminal probe against Clinton. “People are going to prison,” he said. Meanwhile, FBI sources said Abedin and Weiner were cooperating with federal agents, who have taken over the non-sexting portions the case from NYPD. The husband-and-wife Clinton insiders are both shopping for separate immunity deals, sources said. “If they don’t cooperate they are going to see long sentences,” a federal law enforcement source said. NYPD sources said Weiner or Abedin stored all the emails in a massive Microsoft Outlook program on the laptop. The emails implicate other current and former members of Congress and one high-ranking Democratic Senator as having possibly engaged in criminal activity too, sources said. Prosecutors in the office of US Attorney Preet Bharara have issued a subpoena for Weiner’s cell phones and travel records, law enforcement sources confirmed. NYPD said it planned to order the same phone and travel records on Clinton and Abedin, however, the FBI said it was in the process of requesting the identical records. Law enforcement sources are particularly interested in cell phone activity and travel to the Bahamas, U.S. Virgin Islands and other locations that sources would not divulge. The new emails contain travel documents and itineraries indicating Hillary Clinton, President Bill Clinton, Weiner and multiple members of Congress and other government officials accompanied convicted pedophile billionaire Jeffrey Epstein on his Boeing 727 on multiple occasions to his private island in the U.S Virgin Islands, sources said. Epstein’s island has also been dubbed Orgy Island or Sex Slave Island where Epstein allegedly pimps out underage girls and boys to international dignitaries. Both NYPD and FBI sources confirm based on the new emails they now believe Hillary Clinton traveled as Epstein’s guest on at least six occasions, probably more when all the evidence is combed, sources said. Bill Clinton, it has been confirmed in media reports spanning recent years, that he too traveled with Epstein over 20 times to the island. source:",0
4902,Why Hillary Clinton's Campaign Is Collapsing | True News,"
",0
4903,‘I Could Sue You’: Trump’s Spokeswoman Slanders Angela Rye On Live TV – Gets Epic Smack Down (VIDEO),"By Wes Williams Election 2016 , Miscellaneous , Politics , Videos October 28, 2016 ‘I Could Sue You’: Trump’s Spokeswoman Slanders Angela Rye On Live TV – Gets Epic Smack Down (VIDEO)   
Over the past few months, the on-air battles at CNN between Trump’s dumb-as-a-stump surrogate Katrina Pierson and liberal commentator Angela Rye have become legendary. On Friday morning the two put on the gloves to go another round. 
The conversation starts out innocently enough, with a discussion about new economic numbers that show the economy is growing and getting stronger. Great news for Americans — except those like Donald Trump, who are looking to benefit politically from the lie that record numbers of people are suffering. Then host Carol Costello plays a clip of Trump telling an Ohio rally that he wants to do something about the inner city “ghettos.” She observes to Pierson that many black Americans would observe that Trump is not looking at “the whole of the black population.” 
Pierson responds that some members of the black community have been consulting with Trump about the problem. The look on Rye’s face when she says that is classic. When she gets a chance to respond, she says, 
“I think it’s really important that when we have conversations like this they’re rooted in facts. Let’s talk about what Donald Trump could be saying to black people that would resonate and be based in truth.” 
Rye goes on to explain how people like Trump, who have access to capital, don’t seem to appreciate that everyone can’t get their hands on money to improve their lives. Then she talks about Trump’s history as a real estate mogul, who has actually contributed to the creation of the “ghettos” which he now says he wants to fix. 
Pierson responds that Trump has worked with members of the black community, including Jesse Jackson, to help members of the black community create and build businesses. That promotes a hearty laugh from Rye. Costello notes that Rye was a former director of the Congressional Black Caucus, as she asks her to respond. Pierson cuts in, remarking “And [she] ran it [the CBC] into the ground.” At that point, the two women drop all pretense of liking each other and the battle is on. Rye unloads on Pierson with a barrage of facts that her poor little Trump-addled brain was probably having difficulty processing. And when Costello tries to rein her in, Rye hits Pierson with a comment right out of Trump’s playbook. Referring to the charge she “ran the CBC into the ground,” Rye says: 
“That’s slander. I could sue you, Katrina!” 
Here’s the latest round in the Rye-Pierson war of words, via YouTube: 
Featured image via screen capture Share this Article!",0
4904,"Smugglers in West Bank Open Door to Jobs in Israel, and Violence - The New York Times","DAHIYAT AL BARID, West Bank  —   At 4:15 a. m. on a   street, a    Palestinian man came running from the shadows between buildings with a rickety wooden ladder. He slapped it against the hulking concrete wall and climbed up, hoisting himself the last six feet because the ladder was too short. The wall, which Israel began building more than a decade ago to thwart the suicide bombers of the second intifada, is supposed to prevent Palestinian residents of the occupied West Bank from entering into Israel outside military checkpoints where their papers can be examined. But the Palestinian man perched in a gap in the concertina wire that tops much of the snaking   route of the wall. He motioned to a white Daewoo sedan that had lurched to a stop below, and one by one, four young men stepped out of the car, climbed the   ladder, and slid down a rope on the other side. Within minutes, another car was speeding the men to construction sites in Israel, where they did not have permits to work, and the man with the ladder was leaving to look for more   willing to pay to scale the wall. “In the West Bank, you have hustlers,” said the man, who, like more than two dozen other Palestinians interviewed for this article, spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was breaking the law. “You can either call them hustlers, or you can call them brokers. ” This furtive predawn crossing is part of a thriving smuggling industry that allows untold numbers of people to pass over, under, through or around what Israelis call the security barrier  —   for a price. The industry offers economic benefits for everyone involved: Palestinian workers earn double or quadruple the wages they can in the West Bank Israeli contractors and restaurant owners pay less for illegal labor than for Palestinians with permits and the smugglers collect $65 to $200 for each person that passes. Punishment for those caught is generally being sent back to the other side. The system punches a hole in Israel’s system for regulating Palestinians’ access to work inside Israel, and has security implications: Attackers like the two Palestinian men who fatally shot four people this month at a Tel Aviv cafe sneak through as well. The two men lived in Yatta, a village in the West Bank’s south, near where the unfinished barrier consists mostly of a metal fence with numerous gaps and holes. Micky Rosenfeld, an Israeli police spokesman, said they had entered Israel illegally, “most probably via one of the areas which are open or not completed. ” The Shin Bet, Israel’s internal security agency, says that from Oct. 1 of last year to Feb. 1, 21 Palestinians who attacked Israelis were in the country illegally. Since the Tel Aviv attack, Israel’s Defense Ministry has promised to extend a more effective form of the barrier to the south, an area heavily trafficked by smugglers. But the government’s other response to the shooting, the cancellation of 83, 000 special permits for Palestinians to cross during the holy month of Ramadan, may reveal how difficult it will be to stanch the flow. At the Qalandiya checkpoint outside the city of Ramallah on the Friday after the attack, men stood at the edge of the restive crowds no longer able to pass through, shouting “tahreeb, tahreeb”  —   Arabic for “smuggling, smuggling. ” “We have to understand that you will never solve the problem,” said Nitzan Nuriel, a retired Israeli brigadier general and the former head of the prime minister’s counterterrorism bureau. “Whenever you have illegal workers, it is part of the reality, it is part of the economy. ” The challenge, said Mr. Nuriel, now a counterterrorism expert at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya, is filtering potential terrorists from ordinary workers. “You have to decide,” he said, “which fish to catch and which fish you can allow to swim. ” The economics of the smuggling business are straightforward  —   and irresistible. Unemployment among West Bank Palestinians is about 20 percent over all, and is even higher for young people. Starting wages per day, according to Khalil Shikaki, the director of the Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey Research in Ramallah, are 70 to 80 shekels, or $20. Numerous Palestinians working illegally at Israeli construction sites said they made $80 to $100 a day. That is still a major bargain for Israeli companies, who have to treat Palestinians with work permits similar to Israeli workers in terms of wages and benefits, covering sick days, vacations, health insurance and pensions. There are currently about 55, 000 Palestinians with permits working legally in Israel, and an estimated 20, 000 in the settlements, according to Palestinian Labor Ministry. That is down from a peak of 140, 000 before the second intifada in 2000, the ministry says (when the population was about   the size). Estimates vary widely on the number of illegal workers. Mr. Shikaki said 30, 000 was a reasonable guess Mr. Nuriel said it was closer to 60, 000, depending on the time of year. Most work in construction, agriculture or restaurants. Mr. Rosenfeld, the police spokesman, said that hundreds of illegal workers were picked up each week, but that the authorities were “focusing on arresting those that are attempting to bring in the Palestinians illegally. ” The first time someone is caught in Israel illegally, he said, the police simply record the incident and release the worker back to the West Bank. Repeat offenders “will appear before the courts” and may face other penalties, Mr. Rosenfeld said, adding that anyone suspected of links to terrorism is referred to the military. But Palestinian workers who have been arrested multiple times said in interviews that the most serious consequences they have faced have been an interrogation and being dropped off at a checkpoint as far as possible from where they were picked up. Mr. Nuriel, the counterterrorism expert, said that it would be too costly to keep such a large population in jail and that even widespread arrests were impractical, asking, “Who is going to interrogate them?” At a large construction site in Israel, an illegal worker in a yellow hard hat who goes by the name Abu Khalid estimated that he had gone over the wall dozens of times in the last year alone. Like many others interviewed, he said his routine was to cross the wall, work inside Israel for a few days or weeks, and then go back to the West Bank for a short rest. Some employers house workers in trailers, some workers stay with relatives or friends, and some, like Abu Khalid, camp outside. At 50, he has a lined, deeply tanned face and, the sign of his seniority on the job, a   in his pocket. Abu Khalid said that a package deal for the jump over the wall and transportation to his work site costs about 800 shekels for a solo trip when three men go in together, he said, they can cross for perhaps 300 shekels each. “That’s a lot of money,” Abu Khalid said. Workers “punch in” as soon as they arrive at a job site, he added, and both Israeli and Palestinian contractors know they have no permits. At day’s end, Abu Khalid continued, “we go find a water pipe to take a shower, and then we find a nice tree and sleep under it. ” Passage is not always as simple as going up a ladder and down a rope. Two young workers  —   Ahmad, 19, and Bassem, 21  —   sat on a terrace in their village, north of Ramallah, and chuckled about a time when tight security forced them to go under the wall, not over it. “We used to go through a water main like snakes,” Bassem said. Ahmad’s father, who also spoke on the condition of anonymity for fear of legal repercussions, said his son provided a prime source of income for the family. But Ahmad is also a source of deep anxiety because of how he travels to work. “When he goes and he comes, I have my hand on my heart in fear of something happening,” the father said. Nowhere is passage more perilous than the West Bank’s south, where the Tel Aviv suspects, who are cousins, most likely crossed. “You don’t know who you are walking with,” said Mahmoud Khalil, 19, a Palestinian who was working at an Israeli construction site but had no permit. Mr. Khalil is from Yatta, like the suspects, but he said he did not know the cousins and came to Israel only to earn money for his family. He said he paid 250 shekels for safe passage through a large gap in the barrier near the village of Dahriya, southwest of Yatta, and transportation to the work site. One recent day near Dahriya and neighboring Ramadin, pickups jammed with illegal workers played    with Israeli military Humvees, racing from gap to gap as smugglers chattered on phones nearby. Workers and smugglers alike understand that terrorism is bad for business. A driver for the smugglers in Dahriya who spoke on the condition that he be identified only as Abu Ramzi said that he and his colleagues alert Palestinian security forces at the first hint that a client intends to commit violence in Israel. He complained that the Israeli military had stepped up patrols of the southern barrier since the Tel Aviv shootings. “Before this last attack, the army would act as if nothing was going on  —   30 or 40 workers would cross into Israel all at once,” said Abu Ramzi, 34. “This last attack has temporarily complicated our operation. ” Still, he said, “we will always find ways to get these workers in. ” That resolve was tested after nightfall last Monday, when five pickups and a Mazda sedan filled with workers massed in the center of Dahriya. With their lights off, the vehicles made two attempts to cross the web of rutted, rocky dirt roads and reach gaps in the fence, but they turned back because spotters saw Israeli Army Humvees converging on the same areas. Finally, the smugglers’ vehicles roared toward another spot, throwing up thick billows of dust and bouncing the workers mercilessly in the beds of the trucks. At the bottom of the hill, two lookouts were talking on their cellphones under an olive tree. To the west, past the fence, nothing was visible but the distant lights of Israeli towns and cities. Then the lights of the cars sent to pick up the workers on the Israeli side could be seen approaching on the bare hills. A smuggler yelled, “Yalla, yalla!”  —   “Go, go!”  —   and workers leapt from the trucks and began running toward a gap in the fence that had been flimsily repaired. Someone pulled it open, and someone else carefully lifted a few strands of razor wire that had been tossed in the dirt to make the passage more difficult. The workers, many toting backpacks stuffed with clothing, slid under the razor wire and met the cars. The last man lifted the razor wire himself, slipped under and ran toward the cars, which drove off toward job sites among the distant lights.",0
4905,"New King for Thailand as Crown Prince, Vajiralongkorn, Ascends to Throne - The New York Times","BANGKOK  —   Thailand’s crown prince ascended to the throne on Thursday, seven weeks after the death of his father, King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who died after reigning for seven decades. In a formal ceremony at the Dusit Palace in Bangkok, the prince, crowned as King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun, 64, accepted the invitation to take the throne offered by the National Assembly president. Afterward, Prime Minister Prayuth   said in a televised speech that the new monarch would be declared king retroactively to the day his father passed away. He also will be known as King Rama X of the Chakri dynasty. “The heir to the throne graciously accepted the invitation,” the prime minister said. “A kingdom should not be without a monarch on the throne. The commencement of the new reign is therefore effective as of 13 October 2016. ” The crown prince had declined to take the throne immediately after his father’s death, saying he needed time to grieve. Thailand’s royal succession is an elaborate process that can extend for many months. King Bhumibol’s cremation will take place about a year after his death. King Vajiralongkorn’s coronation will take place at some point after that. King Bhumibol was revered by many Thais who saw him as an advocate of the common people and a promoter of economic development. The official   mourning period for the public has ended, but even now many people still wear black clothing or a black ribbon to honor him. The country is sharply divided but the military, which has held power since a 2014 coup, remains firmly in control. King Bhumibol was a unifying figure and many Thais have been anxious about what kind of leadership they can expect from King Vajiralongkorn, who has lived primarily in Germany for years. “Although we all know that to be parted from the person we love and respect is suffering,” the prime minister said, “although the loss and sadness are an undeniable crisis, we should turn this crisis into an opportunity and turn grief into the strength of the land. ”",0
4906,Exclusive: Christ’s Burial Place Exposed for First Time in Centuries,"Store Exclusive: Christ’s Burial Place Exposed for First Time in Centuries Restorers working in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Israel uncover stone slab venerated as the resting place of Jesus Christ Image Credits: Wiki Commons . 
For the first time in centuries, scientists have exposed the original surface of what is traditionally considered the tomb of Jesus Christ. Located in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in the Old City of Jerusalem, the tomb has been covered by marble cladding since at least 1555 A.D., and most likely centuries earlier. 
“The marble covering of the tomb has been pulled back, and we were surprised by the amount of fill material beneath it,” said Fredrik Hiebert, archaeologist-in-residence at the National Geographic Society, a partner in the restoration project. “It will be a long scientific analysis, but we will finally be able to see the original rock surface on which, according to tradition, the body of Christ was laid.” 
According to Christian tradition, the body of Jesus Christ was laid on a shelf or “burial bed” hewn from the side of a limestone cave following his crucifixion by the Romans in A.D. 30 or possibly 33. Christian belief says Christ was resurrected after death, and women who came to anoint his body three days after the burial reported that no remains were present.",0
4907,Army chief asks Putin for permission to resume airstrikes in Aleppo area,"Army chief asks Putin for permission to resume airstrikes in Aleppo area October 28, 2016 TASS syria Sergei Rudskoi: Russian fighter planes in Syria have steered clear of the 10-kilometer zone around Aleppo for a 10th successive day. Source: Mil.ru 
The Russian military have asked President Vladimir Putin, who is the supreme commander of the armed forces, to permit the resumption of airstrikes against militants in eastern Aleppo, Gen Sergei Rudskoi, the chief of the main department for operations at the General Staff of the Armed Forces said on Oct. 28. 
""Since civilians continue dying and the militants have resumed active combat actions against government forces, we've asked the Supreme Commander to authorize resumption of airstrikes on illegal paramilitary formations in eastern Aleppo,"" he said. 
Rudskoi noted that Russian fighter planes in Syria have steered clear of the 10-kilometer zone around Aleppo for a 10th successive day. 
""All flights by Russian and Syrian warplanes inside the 10-kilometer zone around the city have remained paused for a 10 day running, although the situation around Aleppo remains complicated,"" he said.",0
4908,Jesse Watters: Under Armour Should ’Rip Up’ Steph Curry’s Contract After Criticizing Company for Trump Support - Breitbart,".@jessebwatters: If I were in charge at Under Armour, I’d rip up Stephen Curry’s contract pic. twitter.  During Friday’s “Fox  Friends,” Fox News Channel host Jesse Watters reacted to Golden State Warriors star point guard Steph Curry criticizing Under Armour after CEO Kevin Plank described President Donald Trump earlier this week as an “asset” to the country and saying he would drop the “et” from “asset. ”  Watters said if he were Plank, he would “rip up” Curry’s endorsement contract with the company. “[Curry is] getting paid to support the company, now you’re gonna trash the company? I’d just rip up the contract,” Watters said. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
4909,Muhammad Ali Evolved From a Blockbuster Fighter to a Country’s Conscience - The New York Times,"“Jaws,” they say, invented the blockbuster. But damn if Muhammad Ali didn’t get there first. From 1971 to 1974, he starred in two of the greatest events in the history of American sports, fights with Joe Frazier at Madison Square Garden and George Foreman in Kinshasa that had names that belonged on a movie studio’s release schedule: “The Fight of the Century” and “The Rumble in the Jungle. ” In October 1975 came a rematch with Frazier. They called that one “The Thrilla in Manila. ” But with all due respect to Francis Ford Coppola, everyone who saw Ali and Frazier nearly kill each other that oppressively sticky Manila morning knew it was the original “Apocalypse Now. ” In 1965, the photographer Neil Leifer captured Ali after he had knocked out Sonny Liston two minutes into their match  —   Ali stands over a   Liston, roaring in conquest, making you think the man is playing a totally different sport. To stick with the “Jaws” comparison, he was the shark, the ocean and the boat captain, and if he was fighting, you were going to need a bigger bout  —   the biggest. It wasn’t just the matches that were blockbusters. It was Ali himself. He was the most important   figure to survive the deadly tumult of the 1960s and flourish in the 1970s. Ali licked Liston, Frazier, Foreman and dozens of other men. But he was at the center of American culture in part because he had turned boxing into a condition of the American self: Punch or be punched. With him, boxing wasn’t just a sport but a referendum on the state of the country. He had become larger than life, but without forgetting how much black lives matter. The legacy of his bodacious charisma was built to last well beyond his death on Friday. Ali was telegenic, funny, clever, blunt, fearless and, above all, politically principled. His beliefs transfixed and polarized the country: What would he say next where would he take us? The short answer to that second question is “on a public journey. ” Ali was a politically black Zelig, but instead of merely lurking within the times, he shaped them. He was complicated and contradictory as both a man and an   embracing and shedding radical black Islam, wielding racist imagery to rile opponents, refusing to play the black clown for the press. The journey led the baddest boxer in the world to shake hands with Gerald R. Ford, one of the blander presidents. He acted on Broadway and wrote braggadocio raps that we called poetry because, at the time, we didn’t know what rap was. By the time he lit the Olympic torch for the Atlanta Games in 1996, he was an elder statesman, visibly shuddering with signs of Parkinson’s disease, a powerful, poignant distance from his 1960s self but still  . The day after he upset Liston in 1964, he hooked up with the Nation of Islam and announced that he would no longer be going by his birth name, Cassius Clay. Sure, it was the name of a white abolitionist  —   from Ali’s own Kentucky, no less  —   but it felt like a slave name, too. The news media took its sweet time coming around to “Muhammad Ali. ” Many reporters kept calling him Cassius, in a childish,   style. So he had to fight for that, too. By 1977, when LeVar Burton’s Kunta Kinte chose in “Roots” to be whipped for refusing to repeat his new name, you can imagine a portion of the 30 million people who watched exhaling something like, “Oh. I get it!” Nonetheless, Ali’s embrace of the     Nation of Islam alarmed the country. Almost overnight, a cocky young fighter became a scary black man. In 1967, he claimed   status and refused the Army induction to fight in Vietnam, saying to the press: “I ain’t got no trouble with them Vietcong. It ain’t right. They never called me ‘nigger.’ ” His defiance brought out competing paradoxes: Until America reconciled its war with itself, how could it ask a citizen to fight somewhere else? He was fined $10, 000, sentenced to five years in prison, stripped of his boxing title and forced to wait three and a half years for the Supreme Court to overturn his conviction. He lost prime fighting years and gained honor. The roaring monster in Leifer’s photo now appeared on the cover of Esquire, in his boxing trunks, his bare chest shot with arrows just like poor, martyred St. Sebastian. Another astonishing transformation: The scary black man had become a national folk hero. Ali’s objection to the war came the same year that Sidney Poitier, long a symbol of the possibilities of racial integration and of turning the other cheek, hauled off and slapped an old white racist in “In the Heat of the Night. ” (He’d finally run out of cheeks.) By the 1970s, Poitier had found a second, less gusty wind, directing and starring in slick comedies that pushed the kind of cultural politics of appearing respectable (if not accommodating) that Ali sometimes espoused. Take this moment from 1974 on “The Mike Douglas Show. ” Douglas asks his guest   Sly Stone, to introduce Ali. And Sly  —   cool, stoned,   enthusiastic  —   brings Ali out like this: “I love Muhammad Ali. ” Out strolls Ali. He looks crisp in a great dark suit, white shirt and tie. They shake hands, and Sly, in a       goes in for a hug. Ali has barely taken his seat when Douglas’s joshing sarcasm sets the tone: “You’re happy again today. I can tell. ” The audience laughs, and then Douglas completes his thought: “You never walk out with a nice smile. You always look troubled,” as if Ali  —   the world’s greatest athlete, least likely sufferer of fools, and most famous living civil right activist  —   was supposed to be Soupy Sales. If Douglas was going there, Ali was going to follow. “I am troubled. We have so many problems in the world,” he says, reclining a bit in his chair, generating suspense with his terrific, meaty Louisville accent, as to whether he would respond with comedy or gloomy candor. With Sly staring at him, he succinctly dispels the suspense: “These shows are so phony. Everybody’s laughing. Everything is a laugh here in America. Ain’t nobody serious. People hungry, war, all kind of trouble. ” Ali questions the complicity of black entertainers in this circus, while Sly mockingly repeats what Ali says and tells him to lighten up: “We ain’t planning on going to church now. ” The more Sly leans toward him, the more Ali seems to lean away  —   it’s the physics of temperament but also of racial disposition. On this day, Ali has everyday black folks on his mind. Sly doesn’t not share the same concerns, but he makes a passable case for the values of peace and love. This isn’t a disagreement over philosophy but of presentation: Ali didn’t want to be seen smiling if he didn’t feel like it. Much of America had probably seen Ali chop it up with Howard Cosell on “Wide World of Sports. ” But tension between two black men on the subject of their own race wasn’t a regular spice in the   diet. Even in 2016, it’s arresting, especially with two men this outwardly different. Officially, black is a who. But with Ali, it was always a how. How do you use your blackness both for and against? How is it helping? How might it hurt? How is our own blackness being turned against us? When he left boxing after his last fight in 1981, he took the majesty of the sport with him. He took the symbolism and grim spectatorial history, too. Boxing is a   contest. But if Ali was in the ring, so was the rest of the country. After him, blackness as a point of public pride had also drifted away from American popular culture  —   or rather it had been absorbed by the gradual mainstreaming of   and the proliferation of a black middle class. It found shelter in such apolitical spaces as the Huxtables’ Brooklyn home and Will Smith’s adopted Bel Air mansion. But in the last few years, something has changed. There’s been increased political awareness of the inequality of black life and outrage over unjust black death. Technology has given megaphones to previously voiceless people. At the same time, major black artists and stars have reconnected blackness, history and politics  —   from Kanye West and Beyoncé and Kendrick Lamar to LeBron James, who in 2012 put the Miami Heat in hoodies for an iconic photo after Trayvon Martin’s death. Even our black president has come further unfettered, not simply addressing race but almost luxuriating in his blackness. He told Howard University’s most recent graduating class to embrace its black identity  —   more or less, as he publicly has. Some of what’s happened in this period has been rightly received as radical. These are hardly boring times we’re living in. But when the country is seen through the prism of Muhammad Ali, words like “radical,” “truth,” “fame,” and “risk” suddenly feel as if they should come with an asterisk.",0
4910,Rising up to the Trump Moment: We Are the Ones We've Been Waiting For,"By Dawn Phillips / medium.com The Trump victory is devastating. Devastating for communities of color, immigrants, women, Muslims and queer communities. Devastating for us. Trump has given new voice to deeply rooted white supremacy, gender violence, xenophobia and hatred. Hatred of everything that we are. Hatred of everything that we have struggled against. There are no illusions, we have lived a long time with terror and injustice. But there should be no illusions, that this marks a new phase. A new phase in the development of fascist demagoguery in the belly of the beast. We were not ready to jump on the Clinton bandwagon. Not ready to support her neoliberal agenda at home and promotion of American empire abroad. Not ready to forget her tone-deaf engagement with Black and immigrant organizers and lack of interest in taking action on race. She was not our grandmother and she did not speak for us. But despite her limitations there should be no illusion that we have ended up with the greater of two evils. Trump’s fascism over Clinton’s neoliberalism. We have always resisted. Resisted the lies of the two-party electoral game. Resisted police beatings and murders. Resisted environmental degradation and the evils of corporate polluters. Resisted male violence and transphobia. Resisted the rich bosses and landlords who own the airwaves and politicians. Resistance is our legacy. Resistance is our duty. We have resisted a long time. We will continue to resist. Our goal is transformation. A world where housing is a right and there is a guaranteed living wage for all. A world where neighbors come together to decide the future of their communities and development serves human need, not profit. A world where treaties are honored, where there is self-determination for Native and Black peoples. A world where women, young people and queer folks make decisions about public resources and policies. A world without borders, where we are free to move for health, for love, for work, for family. We want to transform racial divisions between and within our communities of color. We want to transform structures of hetropatriarchy in our families. We want to transform the very nature of our relationships from the individual, to the community, to the societal. This is not about an election or a policy or a political party. Our vision of transformation is deeper and will require not only a change in the system, but a change within ourselves. Our strategy is to organize and build power. We will continue to talk to our neighbors, to those facing evictions and deportations. We will come together in our living rooms and kitchens to share our struggles, articulate vision, strategy and plans. We will take collective action to fight and win locally where we have had the greatest impact in improving lives and conditions. We will build movement. We will engage our differences with respect and honesty. We will connect our humanity and unite around our shared needs and interest. We will build trust and solidarity. Local Organizing Matters A renter movement has emerged in the Bay Area that is as concerned with racial justice as it is with housing justice and this vision is reverberating nationally. Immigrant women are growing a domestic worker movement that is invigorating the labor movement and winning local and state level fights across the country. In Maricopa County, thousands of Latinos organized to oust Joe Arpaio and end 24 years of racist policing. Local organizing matters. Local power matters. Change and transformation will rise up from our neighborhoods and cities, it will not flow down from D.C., the President or the Democrats. The outcomes and impacts of this election are still unfolding. While our assessments and interventions are still in development, one thing is clear. Now more than ever, there is a need for our resistance, our vision of transformation and the hard work of organizing, building power and growing our movement. There was no illusion that things were going to get easier, only the reality that our struggle continues and must become stronger and more effective. Onward. Dawn Phillips is Co-Director of Programs at Causa Justa :: Just Cause and Executive Director at Right to the City Alliance. 0.0 ·",0
4911,Did Trump TV Just Get Axed Before It Even Hits The Air?,"Did Trump TV Just Get Axed Before It Even Hits The Air? By Darrell Lucus   
For much of the summer and fall, there’s been talk that if Donald Trump loses to Hillary Clinton, he will launch a right-leaning cable news channel. Well, it turns out someone may have just axed this latest Trump deal before it even got off the ground. The trademark for the network’s most likely name has already been snapped up –by of all people, a Democrat. 
Earlier this week, the Trump campaign launched a live newscast on Trump’s Facebook page, complete with guests. The campaign branded it as “TrumpTV,” leading to speculation that it was a test for a Trump-branded network. The Trump campaign has been mulling such a venture since the primaries . 
However, they may have reckoned without Mark Grabowsky, a public health doctor from Manhattan and a lifelong Democrat. Grabowsky told Fortune magazine that he was watching on the debates when, purely at random, he did a search for “Trump TV”–and discovered that the trademark was still available. He filed copyright protection for it, jokingly describing it as a chance to “get Russian investment money, go bankrupt, take a big claim and not pay taxes.” 
Grabowsky says he has no plans to actually launch a network, leading trademark expert Ann Ford to suggest that his claim could get axed by the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office. But this could still have the effect of pulling the plug on Trump’s planned network. If the trademark office decides not to award the trademark to Grabowsky, he would have six months to respond–possibly longer than that, if he strings out the process. 
Ford says that on paper, Trump would have an advantage in any trademark dispute given his fame, which gives him “a kind of superpower.” But if others file for the trademark before Trump can do so, it will make it that much more difficult for Trump to claim it. That could cost Trump valuable time spent on promoting his new network, as well as getting cable and satellite providers to carry it. 
So when all is said and done, one of the richest men in the world may have had his latest venture axed because he was slow on the draw to get the trademark locked up. That would be more than fitting, given how anemic Trump’s campaign has been at actually selling itself to voters. The cratering of Trump’s brand may have already started. 
( featured image courtesy Michael Vadon, available under a Creative Commons BY-SA license) About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect",0
4912,Mexican Report Says Investigators Botched Search for 43 Students - The New York Times,"MEXICO CITY  —   The Mexican government has refused to release an internal review that found investigators broke the law in their search for 43 missing students, a conclusion that threatens the legal foundations of a case that has roiled Mexico. The report says crucial suspects were arrested and moved illegally, throwing into question any evidence they provided. The investigators’ conduct, in the words of the government report, violated “the right to truth” and damaged the victims’ right to justice. The students’ disappearance from the southern city of Iguala in September 2014 remains an open wound in Mexico, evidence of the country’s failure to protect its citizens and impunity within a corrupt criminal justice system. Now the report provides the first evidence from inside the attorney general’s office showing how the case was mishandled. The internal review was completed four months ago, 177 pages printed out and ready for delivery to the students’ parents. The families arrived expectantly for a meeting with the attorney general on Aug. 18, bearing posters of their missing sons. But the inspector general of the attorney general’s office told them that his superiors needed to approve the report first, which he said was a simple formality. That approval never came. Instead, the report is still under study, according to the attorney general’s office, which gave no indication when it would be finished, if ever. The inspector general who prepared the review, César Alejandro Chávez Flores, abruptly resigned four weeks after that meeting. A copy of the report obtained by The New York Times suggests why it remains in bureaucratic limbo. It depicts a series of violations, including the government’s top investigator’s taking a suspect to identify the supposed crime scene without a defense lawyer present. A record of that visit was never placed in the case file, and the site was left unguarded overnight. The existence of the internal report, and that of the first draft of a broader audit by the inspector general’s office, were first made public by the magazine Proceso and by the investigative journalist Anabel Hernández in a book about the case. The choice not to approve the report and release it to the families “was a clear sign of a lack of political will, not only from the attorney general’s office but from the federal government, to finish the internal investigation,” said Santiago Aguirre, deputy director of the Miguel Agustín Pro Juárez Human Rights Center in Mexico City and the families’ legal representative. “It showed us that the inspector general tried to do honest work and that he couldn’t find the political and institutional conditions to carry his work to its final consequences,” Mr. Aguirre added. But the attorney general’s office said legal reasons prevented it from releasing the report. The inspector general who succeeded Mr. Chávez Flores did not “recognize” the report’s conclusions because it lacked unspecified required formalities. “As such, it is a document that is legally nonexistent,” a spokeswoman, Natalia Briseño, wrote in an email. She added that the review was continuing. The possibility that the report will be suppressed is a worry for the   Commission on Human Rights, which is evaluating the case’s progress and has pressed the government to open new lines of investigation. “We’re quite concerned and disturbed about the allegations raised recently,” said the commission’s president, James L. Cavallaro. He added that the review was “clearly an important document, and we hope and expect to receive it. ” The students were part of a larger group of young men who were studying to become rural teachers at a college in the village of Ayotzinapa, in the Pacific state of Guerrero. They had arrived in Iguala on Sept. 26, 2014, to commandeer buses to travel to Mexico City a few days later. But as the five buses left the city, municipal police officers attacked them and three students were killed. The police also attacked a bus carrying teenage soccer players, killing three more people, apparently mistaking their bus for one of the students’ buses. During a chaotic night, students traveling on two buses disappeared, hauled off by the police and, officials have said, handed over to the local drug gang, Guerreros Unidos. The government’s account of what happened next rests on a series of confessions from suspected drug hit men who said they had killed the students and burned their bodies on a giant pyre in a remote garbage dump. The next day, they scooped the ashes into plastic bags and threw them into the nearby San Juan River. Only one student’s remains have been identified from the charred bones found at the riverbank. But the inspector general’s report describes how six suspects, picked up in different locations in one day, spontaneously confessed with identical wording that they were members of Guerreros Unidos, and admitted to having killed the students and burning the remains. The subsequent arrests, based only on those statements, were arbitrary and illegal, the review said. Under the Mexican Constitution, an illegal arrest nullifies any evidence obtained as a result. There were other problems. Dates were muddled, records missing. An investigating prosecutor signed documents in two different places on the same day. What the report describes is not uncommon in Mexican criminal investigations, experts say. In their zeal to close cases, the Mexican police and prosecutors have long skirted the law. Suspects are picked up to give a statement and then held on the slimmest of proof on suspicion of ties to organized crime. Although the police are adapting to a broad overhaul in Mexico’s justice system intended to eliminate those practices, “old habits die hard,” said Agustín Acosta, a prominent criminal defense lawyer who is not involved in the students’ case. The day after the arrests, one suspect was released to the lead investigator, Tomás Zerón de Lucio, who flew him to the river. There, the suspect later said, he was told to point to a spot on the riverbank. None of the activities of that day  —   Oct. 28, 2014  —   were included in the case file. Mr. Zerón’s presence at the river with the suspect, Agustín García Reyes, was first noted by a group of outside experts from the   Commission on Human Rights. Among the experts’ findings, which they presented in April, was detailed evidence that 17 suspects were tortured, including Mr. García Reyes and two other suspected gang members detained the same day. The inspector general’s internal investigation was a response to the experts’ report. The attorney general at the time, Arely Gómez, also asked the inspector general to begin the broader audit. The Times has obtained a copy of the audit’s first draft. Ms. Gómez is now the federal comptroller. Mr. Zerón has said the riverbank visit was appropriate police procedure. The omission of that visit in the case file was inadvertent, he said. In September, he resigned as the head of criminal investigations at the attorney general’s office. But Mr. Zerón, who has worked closely with President Enrique Peña Nieto for almost a decade, was immediately appointed as the technical secretary of the National Security Council. The first draft of the broader audit raises many of the same questions that the experts from the   Commission on Human Rights first identified. It asks why the federal police and the local military battalion stood by while the municipal police attacked the students’ buses. The draft calls for further investigation and interrogations to determine whether that negligence amounts to obstruction of justice. One of the enduring mysteries of the case is why the municipal police were never stopped by the state and federal authorities in Iguala. If the state police had acted, the students and others who were attacked that night “would not have been injured or killed” the way they were, the draft concludes.",0
4913,The Anti-Trump Activist Taking On Retailers - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   Sitting in a basement office that she rents by the hour, Shannon Coulter ticks off the activities she gave up in defiance of President Donald J. Trump: renting movies with her husband on Amazon, and shopping at Nordstrom, Macy’s and other retailers that sell Ivanka Trump’s products. A Nordstrom bag sat on a nearby table. It represents a victory lap of sorts for Ms. Coulter, who has almost   spearheaded a retail revolt against the president and his family. She was wearing a new silver Elizabeth and James lariat necklace purchased at the department store soon after it scrubbed Ms. Trump’s name from its website. “The goal,” Ms. Coulter said, “came originally from a place of really wanting to shop the stores we loved again with a clear conscience. ” It’s been a wild ride these past few months for Ms. Coulter, who runs her shoestring movement from her home, or from cheerfully decorated work spaces like this one  —   surrounded by   furniture, clam chairs and decorative pillows that feel more Silicon Valley than   war room. Enraged by a video that emerged last October of Mr. Trump bragging about sexually assaulting women, Ms. Coulter began a boycott of any sort of product connected to Mr. Trump. At first, it was just a tweet  —   a list she had compiled of companies that sold Trump products  —   but the ember quickly turned into a    blaze. Thousands of people have contacted the stores Ms. Coulter has on her boycott list, including Macy’s and Amazon. Retailers including Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus and T. J. Maxx have backed away from products connected to Ms. Trump, the president’s oldest daughter, since Ms. Coulter’s efforts began. A herd of activists and celebrities, including the feminist writer Gloria Steinem, the Olympic diver Greg Louganis and the actress Lucy Lawless of “Xena: Warrior Princess,” have expressed support. The attention has transformed Ms. Coulter, 45, a digital marketing specialist, into the unlikely general of the digital army now supporting her campaign, Grab Your Wallet. “People describe me as an activist in media coverage, I don’t know who they’re talking about,” she said. “I’ve never done anything this organized or structured or purposeful. ” The new role has taken up much of her time, and has made her the target of criticism and attacks from Trump supporters. She’s lost count of how many times she has been called a “bully” or a “disgrace. ” The abuse gets more menacing with each victory a recent email included her mother’s name in the subject line, with threats to publish more of her personal information. In the latest twist, the boycott has drawn Ms. Coulter, a   progressive liberal, into a growing debate over whether targeting Ms. Trump is sexist. And she said she worries that people will think she is profiting from the venture. Ms. Coulter was particularly upset when a knockoff “Grab Your Wallet” group sold clothing and other merchandise on Facebook. “We don’t even have a   we don’t have stickers, nothing,” she said, adding that she does not accept compensation from companies, or donations. “I don’t think either of us envisioned that some of the things that have happened would happen,” said Sue Atencio, who helped Ms. Coulter get the site started. In many ways, Ms. Coulter has embraced her new position. She answers emails at all hours and scours Twitter for tips on companies to add, or remove, from the boycott list. Then there are the phone calls  —   lots and lots of phone calls  —   from angry Trump supporters or journalists or the companies that want to get off her list. There is no doubt that it has changed her life. She doesn’t sleep or socialize as often as she used to. Most of her work on Grab Your Wallet is done after she eats dinner with her husband, taking up what free time she has. “She went underground, basically,” said Amie Penwell, a fellow San Francisco resident who hasn’t seen much of her friend of seven years recently. The negative attention has made Ms. Coulter careful about her privacy. She insisted on meeting at the work space for an interview, to avoid having a reporter at her home, out of fear that it could be targeted. She would not let her husband, whom she met online in 2010, be interviewed. Born in Indiana, Ms. Coulter studied journalism at Penn State. She said she began her career by “piggybacking” on the Bay Area’s technology boom, helping   with their email marketing. A year ago she started her own agency, DoubleKnown, which helps executives and small businesses build their online presence through blog posts, social media feeds and other digital tools. The company has one other employee and a handful of education and technology clients, but has stopped taking on new accounts since Grab Your Wallet took off. Political activism has not been a big part of Ms. Coulter’s life since college, when she spoke at a rally raising awareness about violence against women. Her most recent organized effort came after the shooting at Umpqua Community College in Oregon in 2015, when she circulated a list of lawmakers who had voted against tougher gun control measures. “Maybe that gave me a taste of what something like this would be like,” she said, describing herself as a chronic list maker. “I like the efficiency of them. ” After becoming incensed by the video, Ms. Coulter began searching retailers’ websites for   products and collecting the names on a spreadsheet. Wondering who else might be interested in a boycott, she looked at Twitter, and found Ms. Atencio, who had tweeted “fashion not fascism. ”Ms. Coulter contacted her and suggested they announce the boycott together. Since then, most of the work has fallen to Ms. Coulter, though she refers to Ms. Atencio as her “spiritual guide” and sounding board. Ms. Atencio, 59, sees herself as the less visible half of a musical duo. “I feel like I’m the Garfunkel and Shannon is Paul Simon,” Ms. Atencio said. Grab Your Wallet now includes a list of places to shop and not shop, and a short script for people who want to call companies to complain. As many as 32, 000 people visit her site in an hour, Ms. Coulter said. When the women’s marches took place across the country in January, 350, 000 people arrived during a   period. In early February, Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus removed Ms. Trump’s name from their websites. Employees at T. J. Maxx and Marshalls were instructed not to display Ivanka Trump products and to throw her signs in the trash. None of the retailers credited Grab Your Wallet with their decision  —   the department stores blamed poor sales  —   and it is not possible to know to what degree Ms. Coulter and her followers have influenced the companies’ decision making. But in the waning days of January,   complaints, many of which mentioned Grab Your Wallet, were Nordstrom’s most common customer feedback, according to a person with direct knowledge who was not authorized to speak publicly. Nordstrom said it did not have “specific numbers” on the number of customers it had heard from. “I attribute it directly to the Muslim ban,” Ms. Coulter said, referring to the executive order on immigration that Mr. Trump issued on Jan. 27. “I can see when the numbers spike when certain news events happen. ” Monitoring those spikes, updating her list and responding to emails, tweets and press inquiries have become Ms. Coulter’s second   job. “My life is so completely here,” she said, gesturing to her MacBook, “that it all just sort of overlaps and is an endless stream of emails and tweets and Facebook posts. ” She does get some help from volunteers, like the woman who helps run the legitimate Grab Your Wallet Facebook group, which has more than 12, 000 members. But for the most part, Ms. Coulter is on her own. That means the threats and negative attention are also directed largely at her. People ask her why she’s “attacking another woman,” or call her a bully. People like the Fox host Jeanine Pirro have argued that Ms. Trump’s brand has nothing to do with the White House, and that she is being unjustly targeted. Defenders also point to a proposed maternity policy that Ms. Trump developed with her father’s campaign, and her brand’s hashtag, WomenWhoWork, as examples of how she promotes women. “We have to stop destroying women based on the men in their lives,” Ms. Pirro said during a recent episode of her show. S. E. Cupp, a conservative author and commentator, stopped short of calling the boycott of Ms. Trump’s products sexist. But in an email, Ms. Cupp said that it seemed “misdirected. ” “I’m never a fan of going after the kids, grown or not, of presidents,” she said. “Nor does it feel consistent with the   argument  —   that he’s ‘ ’  —   to economically punish his daughter, a working wife and mother. ” A spokesman for Ms. Trump’s brand declined to make someone at the company available for an interview. In a statement, the company said it had been “swept into the political fray, becoming collateral damage in others’ efforts to advance agendas unrelated to what we do. ” Ms. Coulter finds such comments perplexing. She pointed out that Ms. Trump moved to Washington and has taken on an informal advisory role in the White House. She frequently sits in on her father’s meetings with foreign leaders. Ms. Trump’s husband, the real estate developer Jared Kushner, is a top adviser to President Trump. In addition, Ms. Coulter said, Ms. Trump played a prominent role in the presidential campaign. “Someone who passionately campaigned for a man who likes to grab women by the genitals will never convince me that she’s on the side of women,” she said. “Ever. ” Ms. Steinem also said that Ms. Trump was fair game, particularly after the election, when it can no longer be argued that she is just doing her “filial duty” on the campaign trail. “It’s appropriate to boycott her not because he is her father,” Ms. Steinem said, “but because she supports his policies. ” Ms. Steinem specifically faulted Ms. Trump’s proposed   policy for its exclusion of fathers and   mothers. Despite the long hours, Ms. Coulter said she could continue running Grab Your Wallet indefinitely. She’s considering turning the campaign into a nonprofit and running it full time, and is struggling to figure out what to do with her fledgling business. “I’m trying to understand what the right next step is,” she said. “I think as long as he’s in office, this will be alive. ”",0
4914,Feinstein: I Believe Russia Interfered and Altered the Outcome of the Presidential Election - Breitbart,"Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) said she believes that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election and they did alter the outcome.  Partial transcript as follows:  TODD: Let me go to the investigation. You’ve seen the unclassified version of this Intel report. Do you have any doubt in your mind that Russia tried to interfere in the election and then second, do you believe it altered the outcome? FEINSTEIN: The answer is yes on both cases. TODD: You truly, you believe  —   FEINSTEIN: That’s what I believe. I’ve had all of the major classified briefings. I have been astonished at what has been a   effort at Russia to spearfish, to hack, to provide disinformation, propaganda wherever it really could  —   I think this has been a very sophisticated effort. I think in our classified sessions we will be able to get down to the depth and breadth of it. I hope so. I spoke yesterday twice with Senator Warner who is our new vice chairman, and he reviewed with me the terms of this agreement. This investigation has to be full and robust. If it isn’t, both of us will go toward an outside panel. We cannot ignore what has happened. To ignore it is really to commit ourselves to a very bad future. TODD: What is the scope? I’ll be honest. I read it, and it comes across as it’s an investigation into the investigation. It’s an investigation into the intel community’s assessment. Is the intel committee going to do its own investigation? FEINSTEIN: Well, it’s a review of the intelligence that informed the declassified report about Russia’s interference in the election. Now last night I read the declassified report. The declassified report is pretty certain about what Russia did. There are some particulars which are classified which are not part of it, but it’s pretty clear that the hacking was in both political parties, but with the aim of hurting Hillary Clinton, and then if Hillary Clinton were to win the aim clearly was to weaken her. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
4915,Re: Undoubtedly! Hillary loves having support of these ‘real’ billionaires [video],"— Magnus Dahlgren (@MagnusDahlgren) October 26, 2016 
Here’s something Hillary Clinton routinely said during her primary battle against Bernie Sanders. Wait, no she didn’t: Clinton says she has ""the support of real billionaires."" Names Buffett, Cuban, Bloomberg 
— Abby D. Phillip (@abbydphillip) October 26, 2016 Clinton: ""I love having the support of real billionaires & they've been speaking up because … Donald gives a bad name to billionaires"" 
— Jennifer Epstein (@jeneps) October 26, 2016 . @HillaryClinton : ""I love having the support of real billionaires."" https://t.co/4L9GKRaxG9 https://t.co/asuMpnjBzm 
— ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) October 26, 2016 
It seemed to take Clinton a couple seconds to convince herself it was OK to admit that because Bernie’s out of the race: After @HillaryClinton says she loves having the support of real billionaires, watch as she pauses to look back at her script pic.twitter.com/rN7Wzu97nf 
— Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) October 26, 2016 
Hey, why didn’t she mention some billionaire supporters from Saudi Arabia too? She was thinking, ""wait,……what did I just say"" @charliespiering https://t.co/RRYgjhJ2xl",0
4916,Breitbart’s Boyle on One America: Obamacare Repeal Has a Chance to Pass if Paul Ryan Stays on Sidelines - Breitbart,"Breitbart News’ Washington political editor Matthew Boyle joined One America News Network (OANN) to discuss the future of repealing and replacing Obamacare in the wake of House Speaker Paul Ryan’s failure to pass the American Health Care Act (AHCA) last month. Boyle made the point that the way House Republicans can succeed in passing any health care legislation is to keep Ryan on the sidelines, and continue forward with negotiations directly between House Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) and House Tuesday Group   Rep. Tom MacArthur ( ) since Ryan’s unpopularity jeopardizes the Republican Party’s chance at success.  “Mark Meadows and Tom MacArthur have gotten together and negotiated out a fix, a new bill, a series of compromises from both sides that likely could pass the House of Representatives,” Boyle said. Boyle noted that the House Freedom Caucus has been trying to get legislation that would lower Americans’ healthcare premiums, something Ryan’s original bill did not do. “The number one goal of House Republicans, especially conservatives, is to lower people’s premiums so that they’re paying less for health insurance but they still have health insurance,” Boyle said. “That’s the impetus here. That’s the key thing these guys are negotiating on. The reason why there’s a chance for success right now is because of the fact that the chairman of the House Freedom Caucus Mark Meadows as well as the   of the Tuesday Group, Tom MacArthur, have gotten together. ”  “Paul Ryan, the Speaker of the House who is very, very unpopular across the country right now, has taken a step back,” he continued. “He’s not been really involved in this. He was out in Hollywood, he was over in Europe, while this whole thing has been going on, so as long as Paul Ryan stays out of the picture here they have a chance at passing an Obamacare repeal and replace and following through on President Trump’s campaign promise to repeal and replace Obamacare and they might even be able to do it in the first 100 days. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter @BreitbartNews",0
4917,EgyptAir Flight 804 Wreckage Reported in Mediterranean - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   Searchers in the Mediterranean have found the first sunken wreckage of the EgyptAir flight that mysteriously veered off course and plunged from 37, 000 feet last month, the Egyptian government reported Wednesday. All 66 people aboard the jetliner, EgyptAir Flight 804 bound for Cairo from Paris, were killed in the   crash on May 19, as the plane was on the final leg of its trip in Egyptian airspace. News of the discovered wreckage was reported in a statement from the Egyptian Aircraft Accident Investigation Committee, established by the government to find out what happened to the plane, an Airbus A320. The statement said a search vessel, the John Lethbridge, had found and “identified several main locations of the wreckage” and that investigators had been provided with photographic images taken from the seabed, roughly 10, 000 feet below the surface. There was no immediate word on the precise location of the wreckage or whether it included the data recorders that are essential for helping determine why the plane crashed. The discovery was the first significant breakthrough in the search for the plane since investigators said they had detected signals from one of its two flight recorder beacons, or “pingers,” nearly two weeks ago. With the battery life of those beacons expiring by next week, investigators are hoping to retrieve the recorders  —   which contain cockpit conversations and data from the plane’s onboard computers  —   before they fall silent. Investigators and search teams will begin mapping the debris field on the ocean floor, the Egyptian committee said. Even in the absence of the data from the flight recorders, air accident experts have said that the distribution of the wreckage would yield significant clues. If the debris contains large pieces of the plane that are concentrated in a relatively small area, that would suggest that the plane hit the water largely intact. Smaller debris scattered across a wide area would suggest that it broke up in midair  —   possibly the result of an explosion. Remi Jouty, the director of France’s air accidents bureau, which is advising Egypt in the investigation, said last week that investigators were still “very far” from understanding what may have caused the crash. Earlier this week, the Egyptian authorities appeared to back away from suggestions that Flight 804 had disappeared abruptly from radar screens  —   a scenario that had fanned theories that the plane might have been brought down by a terrorist bomb or other deliberate act, rather than a mechanical or other failure. In a statement published Monday, the Egyptian investigation committee said it had validated radar data provided by the Greek authorities in the days after the crash that indicated that the plane had swerved abruptly off course, first making a sharp left turn before veering to the right and spiraling down into the sea. With the wreckage found, the French Navy said it had recalled its survey ship, the Laplace, from the search zone. Investigators aboard the John Lethbridge will now deploy an underwater robot and sonar equipment to locate the flight recorders and bring them to the surface. The Egyptian authorities this week invited experts from the United States National Transportation Safety Board to join the EgyptAir crash investigation team, as well as engineers from Honeywell, the manufacturer of the flight recorders. Besides the radar tracks now confirmed by both the Greek and Egyptian authorities, the only confirmed data received from the plane were a series of seven automated messages sent to an EgyptAir maintenance base. Those messages included two smoke alerts  —   one in a bathroom, and another in an electronics bay near the cockpit and close to many of the plane’s computerized control systems. But while the alerts indicate that there was an emergency on board, experts have said they are not sufficient to explain the disaster.",0
4918,Elizabeth Warren: No Plans to Run for President - Breitbart,"Is Warren going to run for Pres.? She tells @SavannahGuthrie ”no” then @MLauer reads ”she persisted” quote and. .. pic. twitter.  Tuesday on NBC’s “Today,” in an appearance to promote her book “This Fight Is Our Fight: The Battle to Save America’s Middle Class,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) dismissed the suggestion her book tour was part of an effort to set the stage for a 2020 bid for the White House.  “This  —   no,” she replied to “Today”   Savannah Guthrie. “This is not what I’m doing. This is my 11th book. My life’s work is about what’s happening to working families across this country. ” She maintained her focus was on winning reelection for her U. S. Senate seat. “I am running in 2018 for senator from Massachusetts,” she added. “I am deeply blessed that the people of the commonwealth sent me to Washington to fight for them. And that’s what I’ll keep on doing. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
4919,"Hacker Guccifer 2.0 Says Election Could Be Rigged, Promises To Monitor ‘From Inside’","Videos Hacker Guccifer 2.0 Says Election Could Be Rigged, Promises To Monitor ‘From Inside’ “I’d like to warn you that the Democrats may rig the elections on November 8. This may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies.   A vote counter inserts a tally card from an electronic voting machine into a card readers as they count votes at the Lake County Government Center in Crown Point, Ind., Nov. 4, 2008. 
Before the recent torrent of daily Podesta email dumps brought renewed attention to Wikileaks (and accusations Julian Assange was working with the Kremlin despite his recent denial, which ultimately cost him his internet access), the media’s attention was closely focused on the recently emerged hacker known as Guccifer 2.0, who claimed to be behind the hacking of the nearly 20,000 Democratic National Committee emails and other documents distributed over the summer by WikiLeaks, and who likewise was accused of cooperating with Russia. 
Earlier today, after a two week silence, Guccifer 2.0 reemerged, with a post on his blog , in which he alleges that he has information from inside the Federal Election Commission, according to which “democrats may rig the elections.” He then adds “this may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies.” “INFO FROM INSIDE THE FEC: THE DEMOCRATS MAY RIG THE ELECTIONS “I’d like to warn you that the Democrats may rig the elections on November 8. This may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies. “As I’ve already said, their software is of poor quality, with many holes and vulnerabilities. “I have registered in the FEC electronic system as an independent election observer; so I will monitor that the elections are held honestly. “I also call on other hackers to join me, monitor the elections from inside and inform the U.S. society about the facts of electoral fraud.” 
It is unclear what FEC information the hacker was in possession of, or was referring to, and how he intends to observe the elections. A recent video by Bev Harris of BlackBoxVoting provided a real-time demo of the GEMS vote-fraud system, “fraction magic,” an election theft mechanism with context and explanation. There is much more detail on the BlackBoxVoting website . 
The demonstration below used a real voting system and real vote databases and takes place in seconds across multiple jurisdictions. Over 5000 subcontractors and middlemen have the access to perform this for any or all clients. It can give contract signing authority to whoever the user chooses. All political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors. It’s a product. It’s scaleable. It learns its environment and can adjust to any political environment, any demographic. It runs silently, invisibly, and can produce plausible results that really pass for the real thing. 
It is possible that this is the process that Guccifer is referring to, although we are merely speculating. We are confident he will provide more detail shortly. 
While we wait, watch the following video explaining how elections can be (and perhaps are) rigged.",0
4920,"Air Force Cracks Down on Religious Freedom, Christian Fights Back! - Freedom Outpost","Print 
It is rare to see or hear of anyone taking a stand against the rapid increase in legally forced Humanism in public life. Everywhere we look, we see freedom of speech and freedom of religion suppressed to appease a small group of Americans. 
But there is hope, as some still know what their duty entails. 
Christian News reports : 
An activist that often works to separate God from the military is seeking the punishment of an Air Force commander who responded to a recent interview question that Jesus is his guide and influences his decisions. 
On Sept. 15, the focus was on U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. Michael Kersten, who serves with the 39th Medical Support Squadron. The unit provides “preventative and clinical health and wellness services for U.S. and coalition forces.” 
“Is there a leader from your career that influenced you the most?” he was asked during the interview. “If so, who, and how did they affect the way you lead?” 
“There’s no ONE in particular, Kersten responded. “As a Christian, my example is to be like Christ. He is my guide and affects all of my decisions. He teaches to do all things as unto the Lord and I believe this is synonymous with integrity first and excellence in all we do.” 
Of course, atheist troll Mikey Weinstein was very displeased to see such statements on a government website. Therefore, Weinstein wrote to the base commander to have punishment inflicted for such actions. 
Christian News continued: 
“He has essentially stated that Christianity (or his particular interpretation/denomination of same) is the guiding policy of HIS command,” Weinstein said. “He has VERY publicly endorsed his singular view of Christian faith supremacy and it is not unreasonable or irrational to think that this widespread endorsement in an official Air Force internet publication could and/or would lead to preferential treatment of those subordinates who share his views.” 
He, therefore, demanded that Kertsen be both rebuked and punished. 
“MRFF demands that you (1) expeditiously and publicly rebuke Lt. Col. Kersten’s official statement—as contrasted with his private Christian faith belief which is not MRFF’s concern—(2) appropriately and visibly punish Lt. Col. Kersten for his unconstitutional and UCMJ-violating behavior; (3) apologize to your airmen and our Turkish allies, and; (4) reaffirm an inclusive 39th Air Base Wing command climate…” Weinstein wrote. 
Isn’t it cute that he thinks that someone would be scared of his list? Glad to report that Col. John Walker was not. 
Christian News reports: 
“The Air Force places the highest value on the rights of its personnel in matters of religion by its members,” he wrote. “Our Airmen are sworn to protect our rights and liberties as Americans, including the right of all Airmen to practice their religious faith of to practice no faith at all.” 
A second letter has been sent, but, so far, Walker has not replied. 
It is possible that he has just chosen to ignore Weinstein. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com shares ",0
4921,Reddit Bans #Pizzagate Investigation. The Corbett Report Continues It.,"Podcast: Play in new window | Download | Embed 
So reddit has banned the pizzagate subreddit…but the investigation continues. A pizzagate forum has sprung up on voat.co and awareness of the scandal is spreading on YouTube, Twitter and other social media outlets. And now The Corbett Report community can collate information on the pizzagate scandal in this new open source investigation. Corbett Report members are invited to login to the site and start posting, collecting, collating, analyzing and discussing information related to the scandal in the comment section below. 
SHOW NOTES:",0
4922,"Claims Against South Korean President: Extortion, Abuse of Power and Bribery - The New York Times","SEOUL, South Korea  —   South Korea’s National Assembly voted Friday on a motion to impeach President Park   whose government has been consumed by a corruption scandal. The motion accuses her of “extensive and serious violations of the Constitution and the law. ” Prosecutors have also accused her of crimes in connection with the scandal, though as president she cannot be indicted. Here are the accusations against Ms. Park, which she has dismissed, through her spokesman and her lawyer, as a “house of cards”: Extortion and abuse of power  In their indictment of Ms. Park’s longtime friend Choi   which named Ms. Park as an accomplice, prosecutors made the following accusations: • In 2014, Ms. Park told an aide, Ahn   to help a company run by one of Ms. Choi’s associates secure a contract with Hyundai Motor. Mr. Ahn relayed the request to Hyundai, and the company won an $860, 000 contract. Ms. Choi received kickbacks worth $44, 000, including a Chanel handbag, from her associate. • In a series of meetings in July 2015, Ms. Park asked the chairmen of eight large companies to contribute to two new foundations, meant to promote South Korean culture and sports. Ms. Park asked Ms. Choi to build and run them. With the help of presidential aides, Ms. Choi pressured the companies into donating the equivalent of $69 million to the foundations. • In January of this year, Ms. Choi started a sports management company called the Blue K. With the backing of Ms. Park and Mr. Ahn, she coerced the conglomerate Lotte into donating $6 million for a sports complex that the company hoped to build and manage. In February, Ms. Park asked the steel maker Posco to help Ms. Choi’s company under pressure from Mr. Ahn, Posco agreed to create a fencing team so that the Blue K could manage it. • In February, again under Ms. Park’s orders, Mr. Ahn asked Hyundai and KT, a telecommunications firm, to hire Ms. Choi’s advertising agency. Both complied, and the agency made $1. 2 million from the contracts. Prosecutors say these companies feared tax investigations or other forms of official retaliation if they refused the requests. At a recent hearing in the National Assembly, the companies’ chairmen confirmed that the requests had come directly from Ms. Park or her aides and said it would have been difficult to say no. Ms. Park acknowledges that she met with the tycoons but denies that coercion occurred. She has said that she helped create the foundations for the public good and that she never personally profited from them. Ms. Choi has also denied the accusations against her. Leaking confidential government documents Prosecutors say Ms. Park told another aide, Chung   to give 180 sets of government documents, 47 of them classified, to Ms. Choi between January 2013 and April of this year. They contained, among other things, information about who would be appointed to senior government jobs, including national intelligence director. Ms. Choi held no official post and had no security clearance. Violating the Constitution  In their motion to impeach Ms. Park, opposition parties cite the accusations listed above, calling them violations of her constitutional obligations to defend democracy and the market economy. In addition, they say she violated the Constitution in the following ways: • By conspiring to install associates of Ms. Choi in her government, then letting Ms. Choi use those people to wield influence and win lucrative contracts. The opposition also says Ms. Park caused people in the government to be demoted or fired for trying to draw attention to Ms. Choi’s activities. • By forcing a newspaper to fire its president in 2014 after it published articles about Ms. Choi’s purported influence. That undermined the constitutionally guaranteed freedom of the press, the opposition says. • By failing to provide a full account of her activities on April 16, 2014, the day more than 300 people were killed when a ferry sank in South Korean waters. Ms. Park did not emerge from her residence for several hours that day, and the opposition says the public has a constitutional right to know what she was doing. This accusation has little if anything to do with the others, but Ms. Park’s critics have long held her government responsible for the sinking, one of the country’s worst peacetime disasters. Bribery  The impeachment motion also accuses Ms. Park of soliciting bribes, arguing that the donations to Ms. Choi’s foundations were made with the expectation of favors from the government. The companies’ chairmen have denied this.",0
4923,Missing Indonesian Man’s Body Found Inside Python,"A python swallowed a    Indonesian man whole on the island of Sulawesi, according to local authorities. [The victim, Akbar, went missing Sunday on the island after he went to harvest palm oil, BBC News reported.  Junaidi, secretary of Salubiro village in West Sulawesi province, told the Associated Press that villagers started to look for Akbar Monday night after he never returned from working his palm oil crops. Junaidi said Wednesday the search led villagers to scattered palm oil, a picking tool, a boot, and a   reticulated python. The villagers cut open the python to find the victim’s body, swallowed whole. “When its stomach was cut, we first saw his boot and legs near the neck,” Junaidi said. “It seems he was attacked from behind because we found a wound on his back. ” Reticulated pythons, common in Southeast Asia, are some of the longest reptiles in the world and usually suffocate their prey before swallowing them whole. It is extremely rare for Pythons to kill and eat humans, but they are known to eat monkeys, pigs, and other mammals. Akbar’s wife, Munu, was away visiting her parents in another province when her husband went missing and found out about Akbar’s disappearance through media reports, according to the Tribun Timur.",0
4924,"It Was ""Just"" a Fall from the Couch, But Mom's Instinct to Go to the Hospital Saved Her Toddler's Life","Share on Twitter 
Joanne Liberato had noticed a few unusual things about her son Eddie. He seemed to bruise more easily than his older brother, and his cuts took too long to heal. However, nothing seemed worthy of panic until the day when a minor fall turned into a major injury. 
If Joanne hadn't followed her instincts, her toddler might have died. Image Credit: Flickr CC/ Damien Ayers 
According to Kidspot , it was eighteen-month-old Eddie's penchant for copying his older brother that led to the accident. Although neither boy was allowed to play on the couch, three-year-old Joel often did so anyway. 
When Eddie climbed up there himself, his mom called out for him to stop and ran to grab him. Unfortunately, she was too late to catch his fall. She tells Kidspot: 
“It was a heart-stopping moment, but then he started crying a second later and I thought he must be okay, people always say if they cry it means they’re okay.” 
To Joanne's relief, Eddie didn't seem to have any injuries. However, his cries and the slight swelling she noticed on his head made her uneasy, so the worried mom followed her intuition and took her son to the hospital. Loading Facebook Post... 
At first, it seemed as though she had overreacted. After being under observation for four hours, Eddie seemed fine and his mother was ready to take him home. But when the toddler began vomiting, a doctor ordered a CAT scan. Suddenly, Joanne was extremely grateful they hadn't left the hospital earlier. She tells Kidspot: 
“They said he had bleeding on the brain and he had to be flown to Lady Cilento Hosptial in Brisbane for emergency surgery. All I could think was, 'what if I had gone home?' I could have lost him.” 
After Eddie's emergency surgery, doctors were disturbed to see that excessive bleeding was preventing his wound from healing properly. That's when Joanne told the doctors about her son's tendency to bruise and have cuts that bled for too long. 
The mom's recollection spurred new tests that revealed Eddie had hemophilia, a rare disorder that prevents blood from clotting. The discovery saved his life : 
“If they didn't stop the bleeding he would have passed away.” 
Unfortunately, that was only the beginning of the complications the courageous boy would face. Two successive infections required an operation to remove a portion of infected skull. This was followed by multiple blood transfusions and forty stitches in his head. 
Now, Eddie has to wait several months for surgery that will put a plate on his skull to protect his brain. In the meantime, a GoFundMe page has been set up to help the family with his medical costs. Loading Facebook Post... 
Eddie must wear a helmet to protect his fragile head and avoid rough play. His mother tells the Sunshine Coast Daily that keeping the active toddler safe can be stressful: 
“It's very hard for him, he just wants to run around with his brother and have fun. I'm living on tenterhooks watching over him.” 
Still, after everything her son has been through, Joanne says it's amazing how well Eddie has coped with his injuries. She tells Kidspot: 
“He’s just an absolute trooper, I’m really proud of how he’s handled everything.” ",0
4925,A Singer’s Journey: From Solitary Confinement to the Met Opera - The New York Times,"It was roughly 15 years ago that a high school student from Virginia named Ryan Speedo Green first visited the Metropolitan Opera on a school trip. At the time, he was working to put his life back on track after a rough childhood that included a harrowing two months in juvenile detention. But he set himself an unlikely goal. “I am going to sing at the Met,” he told one of his teachers. And he did. The story of his leap from solitary confinement to opera’s grandest stage is the subject of a book released this month, “Sing for Your Life: A Story of Race, Music, and Family,” by Daniel Bergner. And on Wednesday night, Mr. Green, now a      with a burgeoning international career, was back at the Met, basking in bravos and tossed flowers after singing his biggest role there yet: Colline, the poor philosopher in Puccini’s “La Bohème. ” In his review in The New York Times, James R. Oestreich called Mr. Green “the real showstopper” and described his big moment  —   a   ode to a beloved overcoat he plans to pawn to help his friends  —   as “immensely touching. ” Backstage after the curtain calls, Mr. Green greeted some of the people who had helped him get there. There was Betty Hughes, who had taught him in an elementary school class made up of the most troubled children in his district, and who had not given up on him when he hurled his desk in anger on the first day. There was her husband, Leon, who ran the arts high school in Norfolk, Va. where Mr. Green studied singing. And there was Denyce Graves, the   who sang the title role in the Met performance of “Carmen” that he had heard on that high school trip  —   his introduction to opera. “You changed my entire life,” Mr. Green, who now stands    and has a rich, resonant voice both when he speaks and when he sings, told her. That Ms. Graves was   like him, had first given Mr. Green the idea that he, too, could sing opera one day. She had received his class warmly when they visited her backstage, in the same room where he was now embracing her. It was a heady capstone to a major month for Mr. Green. His life story and the new book about it have been featured in recent days by “CBS This Morning,” NPR’s “Fresh Air,” and a range of newspapers including The Washington Post and The New York Post. The book, which grew out of a 2011 article that Mr. Bergner wrote for The New York Times Magazine, recounts in unsparing detail Mr. Green’s difficult childhood and family life, including his time in juvenile detention at the age of 12 for threatening his mother and brother, parts of which were spent in solitary confinement. “I’ll never forget that moment,” Mr. Green said in an interview, of being taken from his family’s home. “They shackled me, put me in   shackles, and carried me out of the house as I was fighting to get back into my house. ” But the book describes how he went on to turn his life around, and how, with the help of dedicated teachers, he painstakingly learned to sing opera: getting two music degrees winning the Met’s prestigious National Council Auditions in 2011 joining its demanding Lindemann Young Artist Development Program, where he had to make up for lost time in a field where many singers receive training from early childhood and joining the Vienna State Opera as a member of the ensemble. “There can be competition between singers,” Dominique Meyer, the director of the Vienna State Opera, said in an interview. “But Ryan Speedo Green came into the ensemble, and I think everyone loved him from the first day. ” Sharing the painful, personal stories in the book had helped Mr. Green begin to come to terms with his history. “It was somewhat therapeutic,” he said, “because for so long I’d put my past behind me. ” He said that he hoped that by sharing his story, he might inspire troubled children and their families, as well as the teachers and professionals who work with them. He has started to advocate for more funding for children’s mental health and returned with Mr. Bergner to speak with children in the detention center where he was held. He plans to go back in December. “I want them to know this is not the end,” he said, “because if I can do it, you kids surely can do it. ” Mr. Bergner said that when he began the book there had been no guarantee that Mr. Green’s career would take off. But he said that Mr. Green had by then come so far that it was already an uplifting story. “I was just constantly stunned by the level of sheer will that it must have taken him,” Mr. Bergner said. “Coming out of that institution at the age of 12, living in a trailer park, with just no direction offered on how to transform himself  —   and yet he did. ” The book also offers a candid look at race in the opera world. Mr. Green describes the pain he has felt when, after singing arias by Verdi, Puccini or Mozart, white audiences regularly ask him at recitals or parties to sing “Ol’ Man River. ” He said that at a moment when the nation was confronting issues of race in so many areas, it was important to speak frankly about it in classical music. “I think it’s important to put race at the forefront if you can,” he said. “Because without talking about it, you can’t change anything. ” Mr. Green, who started out in very small roles, has been working his way up to bigger  —   if still mostly modest  —   ones, like the assassin Sparafucile in “Rigoletto” and the vengeful Commendatore in “Don Giovanni. ” He noted that at 30, he is still young for a   and still working to establish himself in a tough field. But when Mr. Bergner, researching the book, showed him logs that the juvenile facility had kept on him, Mr. Green said it was staggering to reflect on them. “If I read that, and you asked me, ‘Where is this kid now? ’” he said, “I would never tell you they probably have two degrees and have a wife and are living in Europe and are singing at the Metropolitan Opera. ”",0
4926,News: Shaking Up Washington: Donald Trump Just Appointed A Cloaked Man As Secretary Of The Hook,"Email 
Time to say goodbye to politics as usual. 
In another stunning game changer that has further upended the political establishment, President-elect Donald Trump this morning announced the nomination of a mysterious cloaked man to serve as his secretary of the Hook. 
Yep. Trump promised change, and right away he’s appointing a nameless robed man to lead the Department of the Hook. How’s that for a shock to the system? 
The silent man, whose face is completely shrouded within a thick, hooded cloak, is rumored to have topped the shortlist of candidates for secretary of the Hook after emerging alone from a dense forest at night and immediately causing all greenery within the Washington beltway to wilt. 
Trump has already lauded his nominee as “a wonderful man with an absolutely tremendous cloak” whom he trusts do an “unbelievable job” discharging the duties of the position, which include abiding by the Hook, interpreting the Covenant of the Hook, and holding aloft the candle whose flame subtracts light from its surroundings. 
“The man in the cloak is going to be a fantastic secretary of the Hook. Just fantastic,” said Trump, who added that the secretary will be second in the presidential line of succession. “No one is better qualified to enforce the covenant than this man. His cloak is dark, he was born before Christ, I don’t know his name, he has the Hook now, and he’s ready to fight for us!” 
And don’t look now, but the presumptive secretary of the Hook is already making waves. At dawn this morning, he led the Zealots of the Hook in a procession through the streets of Washington, toward the open entrance to the Onyx Pyramid, an edifice by the Lincoln Memorial that residents could not remember ever having existed but that the cloaked man assured Americans in a terse press release “has always been and shall forever be.” 
One thing’s for sure: This appointment signals a whole new political era in the nation’s capital. We can’t wait to see how this bold move turns out!",0
4927,"’Anti-Migrant’ Gun Shop Shut Down, Database of Customers Handed to Cops","An   website called “Migrant Fear” has been shut down and its customers investigated by German authorities for purchasing pistols and rifles that fire rubber bullets. [Migrant Fear presented itself as a resource for Germans who were in fear of the wave of migrants who had entered Germany over the past year and a half and offered   pistols and rifles for   purposes.  The site was unabashedly against German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her government and was based out of Hungary where their weapons are perfectly legal, though the site’s owner is believed to be German, Süddeutche Zeitung reports. German law stipulates that no German can own a weapon that can fire more than 7. 5 joules of muzzle energy unless they hold a full firearms licence. In perspective, it is estimated that a 0. 145 kilogramme baseball travelling at 100 miles per hour, 44 metres per second, would have roughly the equivalent of 140 joules of energy using the formula for kinetic energy ½ mv². One pistol sold on the Migrant Fear site, a revolver that uses blanks to shoot out rubber balls, was estimated to have 125 joules of muzzle energy. A rifle, in the style of an M1 Thompson   or “tommy gun” was registered to have around 140 joules of energy. An actual hunting rifle firing . 308 ammunition records over 3, 000 joules by comparison. The database of people who purchased weapons from the site has been handed over to police who are actively investigating the hundreds of customers. Most are from Germany, but there are also customers from Switzerland and Austria, a dozen countries in total. The price of the weapons, which are made in Hungary, was greatly inflated on the site with the average person paying between €300 and €500 (between £260 and £430) per order. The Migrant Fear site used inflammatory terms to sell its wares with one revolver being called the “  complete package”  referring to the far left extremist group which has routinely clashed with right wing demonstrators and police over the course of the migrant crisis. Firearms purchasing in Germany and neighbouring Austria have been on the rise since the start of the migrant crisis with more and more men and women purchasing firearms or seeking licenses to own them. In reaction to the surge in sales, the German government announced in November it would be strengthening the already tight weapons legislation to crack down on potential extremists, like the   “Reich Citizens”. A member of the right wing group, who deny the legitimacy of the   War Two constitution, shot a policeman to death last year during a raid on his property.",0
4928,"MLB Commish Manfred: We Are Looking Into Indians Chief Wahoo Logo, We’ll Be Responsive - Breitbart","Friday, MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred said on ESPN’s “Outside the Lines” that the league is looking into the controversial Cleveland Indians Chief Wahoo logo, adding they will be “responsive” to concerns.  Host Ryan Smith asked Manfred if the MLB would consider moving its   game if the Indians chose not to get rid of the logo, much like other sports have done in response to North Carolina’s bathroom bill. While Manfred stated he does not want to deal with hypothetical questions, he did say the league is discussing the logo. “I think it’s important for the commissioner’s office to engage with the owner in terms of addressing the offense that some people take with respect to that logo,” Manfred told Smith. “We’ve begun those conversations, and I think you will see that over the relatively short term that we’ll be responsive to those concerns. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
4929,LYNCH OBJECTED TO COMEY'S DECISION TO NOTIFY CONGRESS OF EMAIL REVIEW,"Home › POLITICS › LYNCH OBJECTED TO COMEY’S DECISION TO NOTIFY CONGRESS OF EMAIL REVIEW LYNCH OBJECTED TO COMEY’S DECISION TO NOTIFY CONGRESS OF EMAIL REVIEW 0 SHARES 
[10/29/16] Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates objected to FBI Director James Comey’s decision to notify Congress about his bureau’s review of emails related to Hillary Clinton’s personal server, law enforcement officials familiar with the discussion said. 
Comey decided to disregard their objections and sent the letter Friday anyway, shaking the presidential race 11 days before the election and nearly four months after the FBI chief said he wouldn’t recommend criminal charges over the Democratic nominee’s use of the server. 
The officials acknowledged there was little Lynch and Yates could do given the fallout over Lynch’s controversial meeting over the summer with former President Bill Clinton. 
Lynch and Yates objected after Comey gave advance notice to top officials at the Justice Department before sending the letter to lawmakers, law enforcement officials briefed on the matter said. Justice officials didn’t sign off on Comey’s decision and he didn’t seek their approval, one official said. 
Instead, he made an independent decision to go against longstanding Justice Department and FBI practice to not comment publicly about politically sensitive investigations within 60 days of an election, the official said. 
Comey later explained his decision to provide Congress with the information in a letter to FBI employees. 
“We don’t ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed,” Comey said. “I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.” 
Clinton’s campaign and allies quickly decried the decision’s timing, and the candidate herself on Friday forcefully called on the FBI to release the “full and complete facts” about its review. 
“Voting is underway, so the American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately,” Clinton said at a brief news conference in Des Moines, Iowa, adding it was “imperative that the bureau explain this issue in question, whatever it is, without any delay.” 
Clinton said she was “confident whatever (the emails) are will not change the conclusion reached in July,” when Comey said he wouldn’t recommend criminal charges in the matter. 
Republican nominee Donald Trump, who has spent the past several weeks on defense, seized on the issue. 
“Hillary Clinton’s corruption is on a scale we’ve never seen before,” Trump said at a rally in Manchester, New Hampshire. “We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.” 
He later responded to Clinton’s statement, saying she “tried to politicize the investigation by attacking and falsely accusing the FBI director of only sending the letter to Republicans.” 
In a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen Friday, Comey said investigators are examining newly discovered emails that “appear to be pertinent” to the email probe. 
“In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,” Comey wrote the chairmen. “I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.” Post navigation",0
4930,Another 300 Migrants Storm Border at Spain’s Ceuta,"(AFP)  —   Some 300 migrants stormed the border between Morocco and Spain at Ceuta on Monday, authorities said, days after hundreds more forced their way over the frontier. [The young migrants climbed over the high border fence into the Spanish North African territory, ecstatic to have finally crossed into a European Union state.  Their arrival comes just days after nearly 500 migrants made it over the fence on Friday, one of the biggest entries since the border barrier was reinforced in 2005. Ceuta and Melilla, also a Spanish territory in North Africa, have the EU’s only land borders with Africa, so are entry points for migrants who either climb the border fence, swim along the coast or hide in vehicles. The enclave has been ringed by a double wire fence eight kilometres (five miles) long. The   high fence also has rolls of barbed wire.",0
4931,John Podesta Says Russian Spies Hacked His Emails to Sway Election - The New York Times,"In his first remarks since WikiLeaks began releasing thousands of his hacked emails, John D. Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, said Tuesday that Russian intelligence officials intent on swaying the election to Donald J. Trump had been responsible for the illegal breach into his account. “I’ve been involved in politics for nearly five decades,” Mr. Podesta told reporters aboard the Clinton campaign plane. “This definitely is the first campaign that I’ve been involved with in which I’ve had to tangle with Russian intelligence agencies,” he added, “who seem to be doing everything that they can on behalf of our opponent. ” Without verifying the authenticity of the emails, Mr. Podesta said that he had spoken with the F. B. I. “as a victim” of hacking. The Obama administration, like Mr. Podesta, believes the Russian government has been trying to help Mr. Trump with its hacking, including the theft of emails of the Democratic National Committee this year. Mr. Podesta said Mr. Trump had “essentially adopted lock, stock and barrel” a foreign policy that would favor the interests of President Vladimir V. Putin. Mr. Podesta also cast blame on Julian Assange, the head of WikiLeaks and an avowed critic of Mrs. Clinton. He said WikiLeaks had strategically released the first batch of his emails Friday afternoon to distract attention from the damaging video that had just emerged of Mr. Trump making lewd comments about women. “It wasn’t any coincidence, I think, that within minutes of the ‘Access Hollywood’ tape coming out, they decided that this was their countermove,” Mr. Podesta said. The hacked emails have not done much to help Mr. Trump in the polls, but they have proved to be a persistent distraction. Earlier on Tuesday, some newly released emails suggested that a senior Clinton campaign aide had been in touch with government officials about the release of her State Department emails, exchanges that prompted accusations of collusion from Republicans on Tuesday. The timing of the release of Mrs. Clinton’s State Department emails was critical information for her aides, who were devising strategy on how to respond to any story lines that could emerge. But the communication between the campaign and the Justice Department appeared to have simply been updates on a court case related to the emails, information that was publicly available. Brian Fallon, the campaign’s press secretary, told other campaign aides in May 2015 that he had just received information about a case from someone at the department. “DOJ just filed a briefing saying the gov’t proposes releasing HRC’s cache of   emails in January 2016,” Mr. Fallon wrote. “Get out! ???” replied Cheryl D. Mills, a lawyer and longtime adviser to Mrs. Clinton. The correspondence came months before the F. B. I. which is part of the Justice Department, opened an investigation into Mrs. Clinton’s handling of classified emails at the State Department. In July, the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, said Mrs. Clinton had been “extremely careless” but recommended no charges, which the Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, accepted. Though the information Mr. Fallon passed on reflected no internal Justice Department thinking, the connection between a senior Clinton aide and the department stoked accusations that the Obama administration had conspired with Mrs. Clinton’s camp. The correspondence released Tuesday showed “a level of collusion which calls into question the entire investigation into her private server,” said Jason Miller, a senior adviser to Mr. Trump’s campaign. Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, Mr. Trump’s running mate, also brought it up at two events in Iowa. The day after Mr. Fallon’s exchange on the Justice Department’s court filing, he provided additional information to other campaign aides on the case. “DOJ folks inform me there is a status hearing in this case this morning,” he wrote. “So we could have a window into the judge’s thinking about this proposed production schedule as quickly as today. ” Mr. Fallon declined to comment on the exchanges. A Justice Department spokeswoman did not respond to requests for comment.",0
4932,"Louisiana, U.S. Presidential Race, Zika: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. “I know how resilient the people of Louisiana are,” President Obama told survivors of last week’s vast flooding, “and I know you will rebuild again. ” He was welcomed by the governor and toured damaged areas. But he drew criticism from some Republicans and local residents for not going to the area sooner. _____ 2. Abu Zubaydah, who was waterboarded 83 times and otherwise brutally tortured after being mistaken for a   Qaeda operative involved in the   attacks, argued for his release from Guantánamo Bay. He said he had no intent to harm the U. S. or any other country. Video of the hearing streamed to the Pentagon offered reporters and human rights advocates their first glimpse of him, appearing calm, since he was captured 14 years ago. A review board will recommend continued detention or transfer. _____ 3. Researchers published detailed images of the brains of babies born to   mothers, urging doctors around the world to study them and know what to look for. The scans show not just microcephaly, but also damage to the parts of the brain that govern movement, balance, speech, thinking and emotion. That suggests that affected babies born with   sized heads may still prove to have serious developmental problems. _____ 4. Donald Trump held a rally in Austin, Tex. Regardless of his shakier polling these days, rising partisanship and the parties’ firmer ideological grip means fewer voters cross party lines, making landslides a thing of the past. Meanwhile, we can help you understand how Facebook categorizes your politics. And if you’d like to help decipher how political campaigns are targeting voters, send us the political ads you see on Facebook. _____ 5. Planning a vacation?   searches on Instagram can compile a   graphic guidebook. The results “give a feel for a place that you can use to decide if a place feels fun and seems safe  —   whatever that means to you,” our writer says. _____ 6. A sharp rise in the price of the EpiPen has outraged people dealing with serious allergies. The device, which injects epinephrine to stop airways from closing in a severe allergy attack, has gone from 2007’s wholesale price of less than $100 for a   set to more than $600. The maker, Mylan, is facing questions and pressure from Congress. _____ 7. A Native American protest against an oil pipeline in North Dakota has swelled by hundreds of people ahead of a federal court hearing on Wednesday. The planned   Dakota Access pipeline runs mostly on private land, but occasionally enters federal jurisdiction, and a Sioux tribe has sued to halt construction. Above, Lakota riders demonstrated this month. _____ 8. An American soldier was reported killed by a bomb in southern Afghanistan, days after the arrival of a contingent of more than 100 U. S. soldiers. The deployment is aimed at helping plan for the defense of a strategically important city, Lashkar Gah, from a fierce Taliban assault. The insurgents’ strength forced President Obama this year to drop his plans to draw down troops. _____ 9. Capital punishment is in regular use in only 16 of the country’s more than 3, 000 counties, all in the South and West. One of our   stories today examines a murder in one of these locales, Jacksonville, Fla. and how the area’s history of racism plays into a case that has divided the victim’s family between those who want the killer executed and those who don’t. _____ 10. Finally, even we have to have the occasional cat story. When a baby squirrel monkey was rejected by its mother at a Russian zoo, the director tried a surrogate  —   her own elderly cat. It’s been three weeks, she says, and    Rosinka seems to have adapted to having a monkey on her back. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
4933,American Funhouse: Manufacturing Consent,"Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / American Funhouse: Manufacturing Consent Essential Reading By Smoking Mirrors on September 8, 2011 
Smoking Mirrors at his creative best writing about … well you decide what he’s writing about Hellstorm – Exposing The Real Genocide of Nazi Germany (Full Documentary) By wmw_admin on May 10, 2015 
What happened in the aftermath of World War II has been one of the darkest and best kept secrets in world history. The Crucifixion of Jews Must Stop! By wmw_admin on August 21, 2010 
The sacrifice of “six million Jews” was being talked about before Hitler rose to power. A photocopy from the American Hebrew dated Oct. 1919, speaks openly about a holocaust of six million Jews before declaring “Israel is entitled to a place in the sun”!! The Advent of the Anti-Christ By Rixon Stewart on August 2, 2010 
A few words on the market meltdown and how it may assist the debut of a truly sinister figure Does God Play Dice with the Universe? By Rixon Stewart on December 1, 2003 
Research into particle physics is revealing a world full of almost magical qualities. Could it be that this mysterious, puzzling world is in fact the world of the spirit – the spiritual world that saints and mystics throughout history have sought to explo “Holocaust” declared 7 years before there was a “Holocaust” By wmw_admin on December 13, 2014 
The New York Times was already reporting of Jewish persecution and an ongoing “Holocaust” in May 31, 1936 Magic Thermite and the 9/11 Fairytale By Smoking Mirrors on April 15, 2009 
The evidence is in and it’s irrefutable: scientists have discovered traces of hi-tech explosives in the WTC debris. Which means the UK/US/Israel will have to stage another event on the scale of 9/11 to counter the brushfire this report will ignite",0
4934,Review: Bruno Mars Delivers Decades of Funk in ‘24K Magic’ - The New York Times,"The Bruno Mars   machine has been one of pop’s most reliable tools in the last few years, and it rarely falls short of complete, uncanny accuracy. His skill for manipulating the past has made him something of an outlier: a   soul singer, songwriter and producer interested not in strict nostalgia, but in illuminating old styles so they shimmer in a way that’s appealing to a listener not much interested in looking backward. This precision comes at a price, though. At times, Mr. Mars is a sideshow to his presentation. The sound is the star, and he is the vehicle, not the driver. “24K Magic,” his third album  —   and first in four years  —   is the story of that tension. Mr. Mars is by turns a showman and an analyst, a preservationist and a peacock. The new songs  —   his most diverse set to date, and mostly rigorously executed and fun  —   show Mr. Mars to be interested in different musical eras, different production approaches and different singing voices without veering into chaos. Mostly his songs are like cotton candy: sweet, sticky, structurally impressive but not especially deep. What’s most striking about this album is how it expands upon Mr. Mars’s longstanding interest in American soul music. Rather than linger in one time period, with one production approach, he’s all over the map, from the 1950s to the ’90s, and sniper sharp throughout. The title track, this album’s lead single, is set to around 1980, when funk and machines were doing some of their earliest dances, and when black pop was still teeming with disco exuberance. It has less to do with the presence of Mr. Mars  —   ecstatic, slick, ambient  —   than the sheen of the production. The synthesizers are sympathetic and covered in burrs, and the vocals are   in a manner indebted to Zapp, who pioneered the sort of liquid digital funk Mr. Mars is repurposing (talkbox vocals pepper the song) and also to the duo Chromeo, who have been faithful revivalists of the style for years now. As for Mr. Mars, he’s doing more emphatic talking than singing and is backed up by a barking chorus, adding   punch to his mellifluous boasts. Then there’s “Perm,” which jolts back to the ’60s, with its   and James   horn stabs and drums. Here, Mr. Mars trades his tender coo for a   vocal, as if sheer lust were rendering him hoarse. When he comes closer to the present day, or at least to the music he was raised on, Mr. Mars sounds most at home. Take the pairing of “Versace on the Floor” and “Finesse,” a   punch of    ’80s RB evolution. “Versace on the Floor” is dreamy New Edition homage, with cool synthesizers forming a cradle for Mr. Mars, who begins the song singing tenderly, à la Ralph Tresvant, “Underneath the  ’re dancing all alone. ” Later, though, is where he tweaks the original style, unleashing the more forceful side of his voice to curdle sweetness into hunger. A couple of songs after that comes “Finesse,” which takes the leap from 1984 to ’88, with crackling drum machine production that harkens back to “Don’t Be Cruel,” Bobby Brown’s   Edition solo breakthrough album. That Mr. Mars can leap so effectively among sounds says a great deal about his strengths and weaknesses. He’s not an especially imposing singer instead, he’s a chameleon, without a signature flourish or tone. But that’s fine, because it’s as a producer  —   he’s credited here as Shampoo Press  Curl  —   that he’s most excited to show off his range. His ear is often astonishing, his gift for mimicry almost without equal. Other producers are credited here on certain songs  —   the Stereotypes, Emile Haynie, Jeff Bhasker  —   but they’re all minor moons in Mr. Mars’s fully realized soul universe.",0
4935,Hispanic Official to Leave R.N.C. in Sign of Disaffection With Donald Trump - The New York Times,"The head of Hispanic media relations at the Republican National Committee is resigning this month in what appears to be another indication of the lingering discomfort some party officials have about working to elect Donald J. Trump president. Ruth Guerra, who is of Mexican descent and was in charge of carrying the party’s message to Hispanic voters, is joining the American Action Network, a   “super PAC,” she confirmed in a brief interview on Wednesday. The American Action Network is expected to spend millions on congressional races, and the new job is in essence a promotion, one   said. But Ms. Guerra told colleagues this year that she was uncomfortable working for Mr. Trump, according two R. N. C. aides who requested anonymity to speak candidly about the difficulties surrounding the party’s presumptive  . It is relatively rare for party staff members to leave the national committee in the midst of a presidential campaign unless they are going to work directly for the nominee. Ms. Guerra declined to discuss her feelings about Mr. Trump, who is deeply unpopular with Hispanic voters, but said, “I’ve had a great nearly two years at the R. N. C. and I’m excited for the new opportunities that I will have at A. A. N. ” Ms. Guerra, 28, joins a handful of other R. N. C. aides who have left the party or started looking for new work since Mr. Trump became the party’s presumptive nominee. Discontent with Mr. Trump runs deep among Republican strategists and staff members, particularly with younger ones. After suggesting that Mexican migrants were drug dealers and rapists upon entering the race last year, Mr. Trump has made illegal immigration a centerpiece of his campaign and at times has veered more directly toward racial demagogy. Last week in San Diego, a few miles from the Mexican border, he invoked the ethnic heritage of the federal judge presiding over a   lawsuit filed by former Trump University students against the developer. “The judge, who happens to be, we believe, Mexican,” said Mr. Trump, about Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel, who was born in Indiana to parents of Mexican descent. In her R. N. C. job, Ms. Guerra, a Texan who speaks fluent Spanish, was a frequent guest on   television networks. In her new job, she “will be expanding her role as a conservative voice into congressional districts across America, on both policy and political issues,” said Mike Shields, president of the American Action Network. In a profile of   young Republicans last year, Ms. Guerra said her party had an opening with a community that has increasingly supported Democrats in recent presidential elections. “As a Hispanic, I know that we have an opportunity with    —   they want to hear from us and want to know that we care,” Ms. Guerra said at the time.",0
4936,Deutsche Bank Unloading Asian Assets to Boost Ledger,"Deutsche Bank Unloading Asian Assets to Boost Ledger November 03, 2016 Deutsche Bank Unloading Asian Assets to Boost Ledger 
Deutsche Bank's sale of a 20 percent stake in Chinese peer Hua Xia to PICC Property and Casualty has received regulatory approval, Germany's flagship lender said on Thursday. 
Hopes to expand into the Chinese banking market never materialized for Deutsche Bank as for several other Western lenders. Bank of America <BAC.N> reacted in 2013 by divesting a shareholding in China Construction Bank <601939.SS>, while Citigroup <C.N> sold its stake in Chinese lender Guangfa [GDDVB.UL] earlier this year. 
Deutsche Bank, which faces large legal costs for cleaning up past missteps as well as for reinventing itself in a changed market and regulatory environment decided the sale of the Hua Xia stake, in which Deutsche Bank invested in 2006, in December 2015. 
But it took Hua Xia longer than expected to obtain clearance for the deal from the ChinaBanking Regulatory Commission, weighing on the price of the sale. 
While Deutsche Bank had said last year that it was selling the stake for 23 to 25.7 billion yuan or 3.2 to 3.7 billion euros ($3.6-4.1 billion), a move in exchange rates means that the price has come down to 3 to 3.5 billion euros. 
At the beginning of 2015, the stake's market value stood at 4 billion euros, but it plunged in a global selloff of Chinese equities 
Deutsche Bank wrote down the value of the stake to 2.8 billion euros in its books as of Sept. 30, among other due to dividend payments receives from Hua Xia. 
New bank rules make it disadvantageous for banks to hold minority stakes in other lenders. 
The Hua Xia divestment frees up capital and boosts Deutsche Bank's capital ratio by 50 basis points to 11.6 percent. The effect of the sale had already been taken into account in the European Central Bank's stress test of Europe's banks in summer. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories",0
4937,"Idiots Pretending To Surf On Turtle’s Back Face $20,000 Fine","It’s not nice to harm wildlife – nor is it financially intelligent. Two guys, one named Ricky Rogers and his unnamed friend, found this out the hard way after they posted a photo of themselves... ",0
4938,Paul Ryan: Clinton should not continue to receive classified briefings during FBI investigation,"Print 
Speaker Paul Ryan blasted Hillary Clinton over the Friday news that the FBI is launching a new review into her use of a private email server while secretary of State. 
In a statement released minutes after the news broke , the Wisconsin Republican reasserted his call for Clinton to be denied the classified briefings she receives because she is the Democratic presidential nominee. 
“Yet again, Hillary Clinton has nobody but herself to blame. She was entrusted with some of our nation’s most important secrets, and she betrayed that trust by carelessly mishandling highly classified information,” he said. 
“This decision, long overdue, is the result of her reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with federal investigators. I renew my call for the Director of National Intelligence to suspend all classified briefings for Secretary Clinton until this matter is fully resolved.”",0
4939,3 Tied to San Bernardino Gunman Are Indicted - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   The investigation into the San Bernardino massacre produced criminal charges on Thursday against the brother of one of the attackers and two other people  —   not for contributing to the mass shooting, but for their roles in a sham marriage designed to skirt immigration laws. On Dec. 2, Syed Rizwan Farook, and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, who had pledged allegiance to the Islamic State, armed themselves with assault rifles and pipe bombs, and carried out one of the worst terror attacks on American soil, killing 14 people and wounding more than 20 others at a social services center in San Bernardino, Calif. The couple then died in a shootout with the police. The only person arrested in connection with the massacre has been Enrique Marquez Jr. a longtime friend of Mr. Farook’s, charged with providing material support to terrorists, making a “straw purchase” of a gun for Mr. Farook, and other crimes. Federal officials have said that Mr. Marquez also admitted that in exchange for money, and as a favor to the Farooks, he entered into a fraudulent marriage with a Russian immigrant, Mariya Chernykh, so she could gain legal residence in the United States. On Thursday, federal prosecutors in Los Angeles announced felony charges against Ms. Chernykh, 26, her sister, Tatiana Farook, 31, and Ms. Farook’s husband, Syed Raheel Farook, 31, the brother of the San Bernardino gunman. All pleaded not guilty and will be released on bond. A trial is set for June 21. Law enforcement officials stressed they did not believe that any of the three had advance knowledge of the December attack, or took steps to conceal evidence afterward, but that major investigations often lead to the discovery of unrelated offenses. The F. B. I. continues to comb through the backgrounds of the San Bernardino attackers, looking for motives and possible accomplices, and until recently the bureau was engaged in a very public legal battle with Apple over Syed Rizwan Farook’s cellphone. The company refused to help the F. B. I. unlock the phone to search his contacts and messages, but the bureau dropped the matter after cracking the phone’s security with help from an unknown outside group that was apparently paid at least $1. 3 million. The indictment, announced Thursday, represents an unusually tough stance for the government in a marriage fraud case. Five criminal charges are leveled at Ms. Chernykh, including fraudulent use of immigration documents and lying to federal agents, with combined maximum prison terms of up to 30 years. Syed Raheel Farook, a U. S. Navy veteran who worked as a computer technician aboard an aircraft carrier, and his wife, are also charged in one of those counts, conspiracy to make false statements under oath on government documents, and face a maximum sentence of five years. Ordinarily, the authorities do not pursue criminal charges for a sham marriage, just an admission by the U. S. citizen, and deportation of the immigrant, said Carl Shusterman, an immigration lawyer in Los Angeles who has formerly handled immigration cases for the government. “I’ve never seen anything like these kinds of charges in a sham marriage case,” he said. “I think it has to be related to the fact that there’s a link to the shooting. ” On immigration forms, Ms. Chernykh and Mr. Marquez stated that they lived with the Farooks in their townhouse in Corona, Calif. Federal agents, who had searched the home this year, did so again Thursday, and also searched a residence in Ontario, Calif. that was identified as Ms. Chernykh’s. In fact, the indictment says, neither Mr. Marquez nor Ms. Chernykh lived with the Farooks, and she “resided with her child and an adult male other than Enrique Marquez Jr. ” in Ontario. The   couple had wedding pictures taken and opened a joint bank account, but the indictment shows that they were far from expert at creating a false front. At one point, Tatiana Farook told her sister to stop posting pictures of herself posing with her real boyfriend to her social media page, the indictment says, and another time, Ms. Farook told Mr. Marquez that he needed to change the address on his driver’s license to match the one on the immigration forms. They also left a considerable electronic trail, particularly as Mr. Marquez and Ms. Chernykh prepared last fall for an interview with immigration agents, who would try to determine if their marriage was genuine. Last November, they exchanged messages that “discussed their mutual anxiety for their upcoming immigration interview due to the lack of contact with each other,” and he told her he was afraid of going to prison for immigration fraud, the indictment says. At about the same time, someone using Mr. Marquez’s Facebook page indicated that he might be in trouble, writing “involved in terrorist plots, drugs, antisocial behavior, marriage, might go to prison for fraud, etc. ” But the planning to hide the sham marriage continued. The day before the shooting, the indictment says, Ms. Farook sent an electronic message to her husband, asking him to create a backdated lease agreement to make it appear that Mr. Marquez and her sister lived with them. The indictment said that the Farooks helped the pair open their joint account and buy a wedding band, and served as witnesses on their marriage license. On Thursday, the Farooks’ neighbor, Brittani Adams, said she had maintained a friendly relationship with the couple after the December attack. “It is rough they are good people just twisted in family stuff,” she said. If the coupled feared arrest, she said, they kept it bottled up ‘real well.’ The Farook brothers were born in the United States, to parents who immigrated from Pakistan. Ms. Malik was born in Pakistan and spent much of her life in Saudi Arabia, before marrying Syed Rizwan Farook and moving to the United States in 2014. Officials have said they have no indication that the couple had any connection to a terrorist group or mentor, but instead, it appears they “ . ” They seemed unlikely candidates for it. Mr. Farook worked for several years as an inspector for the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health, where he reportedly had no conflicts with  . Ms. Malik had a college degree in pharmacology, and the couple had a baby daughter.",0
4940,Trump Budget Kills Nixon-Era Affirmative Action Corporate Welfare Agency - Breitbart,"The Trump administration’s first budget would shutter the fifty year old Minority Business Development Agency (MBDA). [The MBDA hands out grants and runs federally funded “management consulting operations” around the country. It has long been targeted by conservatives as a form of corporate welfare.  The agency has also been criticized for encouraging a “flight from white. ” Since it offers aid only to business owned by officially recognized minorities, it creates an incentive for Americans to seek to have themselves recognized as   minorities. In 1977, Americans Indians successfully had their classification changed from white to Asian. More recently, some Americans of Middle Eastern descent have been lobbying to be recognized as minorities as well. One effect of designating more Americans as officially recognized minorities has been to dilute the benefits of affirmative action and the MBDA to the originally intended recipients, African Americans. The MBDA was created by Richard Nixon with a 1969 executive order under its original name of the Office of Minority Business Enterprise. The idea was that the agency would work to remedy the effects of past discrimination. It was a precursor to a series of programs that what would later be labeled “affirmative action” policies.  At its creation, the MBDA was tasked with the mobilization of federal and local resources for the promotion of minority business efforts in the United States with a focus on Black, Hispanic, and Native Americans. In more recent years, this group was expanded to include Hasidic Jews, Asian Americans, and Pacific Islanders. The agency currently maintains approximately forty   centers across the US, designed to provide consultation to minority businesses. These centers assist   with loan acquisitions, grant applications, and the navigation of forms and certifications for the purpose of securing government procurement contracts. In addition to their   centers, the MBDA establishes guidelines for all federal agencies in attracting and selecting minority enterprises for the purpose of procurement contracts. Though the details of this agency’s closure are still up for approval by the House and Senate, it is expected that the Small Business Administration (SBA) will continue to support a subset of the functions that the MBDA currently provides.  The Small Business Administration (SBA)   the MBDA, but has historically worked side by side with the agency on its   initiatives. Funding for the SBA in the 2018 budget proposal is reduced slightly (by about five percent) but has fared better than most agencies outside of national security sectors. Nonetheless, the SBA itself has also been in the firing line in recent decades, itself having narrowly survived termination during the Clinton administration. The MBDA will not go quietly, of course. Lobbyists are already besieging lawmakers to restore funding to the agency.  As proposed, closeout of the MBDA is expected to cost six million dollars, and is slated to begin at the start of 2018.",0
4941,Hawks vs. doves: Who will dominate in the Kremlin before the 2018 elections?,"Hawks vs. doves: Who will dominate in the Kremlin before the 2018 elections? Carnegie Moscow Center’s Andrei Kolesnikov discusses the links between the 2016 parliamentary and 2018 presidential elections, focusing on Russia’s political future and the rivalry between the “hawks” and “doves” within the Kremlin RD Interview: Carnegie Moscow Center’s Andrei Kolesnikov discusses the links between the 2016 parliamentary and 2018 presidential elections, focusing on Russia’s political future and the ongoing rivalry between the “hawks” and “doves” within the Kremlin’s inner circle. 

From right to left: Speaker of the Russian State Duma Vyacheslav Volodin, Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, Director of the Federal Security Service Alexander Bortnikov and Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergei Naryshkin. Photo: RIA Novosti 
Russia’s recent parliamentary elections were, by and large, a dress rehearsal for the more important presidential elections coming up in 2018. Between now and then, members of the political establishment will be able to try on new roles, experiment with new campaign slogans, and determine who will play a starring role within the Kremlin’s inner circle. The central consideration is how to consolidate power in a way that balances the interests of the government and the population.
To get an inside look at Russia’s current political landscape, Russia Direct sat down with Andrei Kolesnikov of the Carnegie Moscow Center. According to him, the 2016 parliamentary elections provide a preview of what to expect in 2018 and beyond.
Russia Direct: To what extent were the 2016 parliamentary elections fair and legitimate, in your view? Andrei Kolesnikov: In fact, they were juridically legitimate because they were conducted in accordance with Russian law. However, the degree of the political, not juridical legitimacy is a debatable question because of the low turnout: It means that the representation of Russian citizens in the parliament became even less than previously. About one-third of the Russian population voted at the elections. ;
Even though the United Russia ruling party garnered four million fewer votes than during the 2011 elections, it received more seats in the parliament. In addition, liberal politicians are not included in the parliament at all. Thus, politically, the legitimacy of the elections is a matter of question.
Regarding honesty, these elections were fair in the polling stations with observers, to a large extent. They were honest in the regions, in which the Central Election Commission controlled the electoral process in cooperation with observers. ;
To a lesser extent, these elections were fair and transparent in the distant Russian regions or — in the words of prominent political expert Dmitry Oreshkin — “zones of peculiar electoral culture,” which saw an abnormally high electoral turnout. I mean, for instance, the republic of Tuva in southern Siberia, the North Caucasus, Kemerovo region etc. ;
These regions were controlled by the Central Election Commission to a much lesser extent — no wonder that people were compelled to vote in accordance with the orders of local authorities. The violations in these regions were likely to be common. ;
Andrei Kolesnikov, ;Senior associate and Chair of the Russian Domestic Politics and Political Institutions Program at the Carnegie Moscow Center. Press Photo 
RD: Does Russia’s Central Election Commission have any tools to influence voting in the distant regions? A.K.: There are some instruments, but local authorities limit and restrict them. I don’t think the administration of the Russian president hampered the work of the Central Election Commission Head, Ella Pamfilova. She tried to balance the interests of Russian President Vladimir Putin and the interests of the country’s civil society. ;
This is the middle-of-the-road position and it is very difficult. She just tried to take into account all positions and signals that were coming from the regions during the electoral campaign and could not ignore them. There were so many of these signals that she objectively and physically could not control the &shy;elections throughout the country, especially, in the distant regions.  ;  ;  ;  ;
RD: What kinds of violations took place during the 2016 elections, if any? A.K.: Violations took place, even though they were not large-scale, like previously during the 2011 elections. These violations included the use of administrative resources for influence, rigged and fabricated voting, stuffing the ballot box, and dirty political techniques against the liberal and communist parties during the political campaign and before Election Day. ;
There was also orchestrated voting, when cadets, students and governmental employees were ordered to vote. This also should be taken into account. All these violations took place not only in distant regions, but also in those under the steady control of the Central Election Commission.
RD: Why did the United Russia party win despite its declining popularity throughout Russia? ; A.K.: The fact the United Russia won the majority in the State Duma and the party’s popularity are basically different things. Its popularity has been decreasing indeed. It is one reality. But it doesn’t prevent the party from winning most of the seats. That is the other reality. ;
Russian citizens don’t see the party as a body that deals with the problems of the population . The credibility and approval rankings of almost all governmental bodies, except law enforcement agencies and the president himself, are dropping. And United Russia is not the exception, because people perceive it not as a party, but as a kind of a governmental body. Its rating will keep going down, but slowly, step by step.  ;  ;  ; ;
Usually, if you vote for United Russia, it means a mechanical, symbolic process, a sort of political law-abiding ritual. If you are law-abiding and go to the polling station, you are likely to vote for United Russia, because it is necessary. This is the very logic and motivation that drive average voters to elect United Russia.  ;
Even though some people preferred not to vote for the ruling party, they voted for the current authorities, because there were no real alternatives: They voted either for one of the three systemic parliamentary parties or the spoiler parties, which aimed at distracting the attention of voters and preventing the opposition from gaining parliamentary seats.  ;
RD: Why did the Russian opposition fail and what is its key problem? A.K.: The reason why they failed can be traced back to the personal ambitions of the opposition leaders. They couldn’t team up and compete with each other. In addition, they have different values, in fact. I mean right-leaning liberals and left-leaning liberals don’t always agree. This does matter, after all. Moreover, these leaders don’t have enough political heft. Most of them cannot be considered powerful and influential political figures.  ;
Another problem is that the authoritarian regime in Russia will prevent the emergence of new powerful liberal forces in Russia. If such a party emerges and poses a serious challenge to the authorities like opposition leader Alexei Navalny did, it will be either destroyed or discredited and marginalized. So, in such a situation, it is very difficult to come up with a pragmatic solution. However, this year’s parliamentary elections proved that the only political democratic force  ;noticeable on a scale of a whole country is the Yabloko party and its leader Grigory Yavlinsky, no matter how you view them. ;
Indeed, it is losing popularity year after year, but this party remains firmly within the country’s political landscape and if the opposition is able to persuade voters that Yabloko brings together different representatives of liberal and democratic forces as well as well-educated intelligentsia, they might succeed in the future. But in reality it’s hardly probable. ;
RD: You said that the Kremlin would prevent the emergence of a new powerful liberal political force in Russia, because the existence of such a force contradicts the nature of the authoritarian regime. Yet why are the Russian authorities afraid of everything that is associated with liberals, if those within the Kremlin are pretty confident, if their approval rankings are high among the majority of Russians, if people don’t trust liberals and the idea of liberalism is totally discredited in the country? A.K.: Well, first, it is a matter of the logic of development of any authoritative regime. It adds up to total political control. Second, in fact, the authorities are not so confident that they are so popular among the people, as implied by the words of Russian President Vladimir Putin, who came to the United Russia headquarters after the elections and said that, despite economic challenges and the difficult situation, people voted for United Russia. If you read between the lines, you can detect the feeling of the lack of confidence. ;
It means that the social contract — economic well-being in exchange for political freedoms (“we restrict your political freedoms, but feed you instead”) — doesn’t work anymore and might be not so relevant. That’s why the authorities find it necessary to feed people with imperial pride, wars, Crimea and increase political control and establish a political monopoly, which also means creating fake liberal parties such as the Party of Growth. After all, it is a good example of the spoiler artificial party created within the Kremlin’s test tube. And this control is likely to persist as long as this regime exists.  ;
RD: What will the 2016 parliamentary elections change in Russian politics? A.K.: Basically, there won’t be big changes. Tactically, these elections aimed at preparing the groundwork for the 2018 presidential elections and testing Russia’s current political system . And in this regard, this task was fulfilled. By 2018 Putin is going to look for new faces and figures to renew his team, but this is going to be a different political process, even though it is partly related to the parliamentary elections. ;
RD: You said the 2016 parliamentary elections were a proving ground for the 2018 presidential elections and tested Russia’s current political system. Could you be more specific? ; A.K.: These elections confirmed the legitimacy of the current Russian authorities. Once again, the Kremlin sees that it does have the mandate to rule the country. Putin himself does have this mandate, because the ruling party is associated with his name, and the country’s political unity is based on the Crimea narrative and the parliament itself. ;
The system passed the test successfully. So, it can work for a certain period of time as long as everybody is satisfied with this model. Thus, the system is ready to live for another 18 months until the 2018 presidential elections, with the parliament organically embedded in this system and ready to fulfill blindly all orders from the president. ;
The other question is how will these elections be conducted in terms of obvious predictability and the absolute absence of interest toward them given the fact that nobody can compete with Putin. In fact, he is the only candidate who will win. So, there is the lack of motivation for voters to come to the polling stations in 2018.  ;  ;
RD: Do you mean that the turnout at the presidential election will be low? ; A.K.: The turnout is going to be the key question. In fact, the 2018 election is a referendum that will test the credibility and approval of one person [Putin]. In this situation, the authorities have to create an artificial rivalry to Putin, but it is hardly likely to work. The real rival won’t be allowed to compete with Putin openly, if we are talking about Navalny. Thus, if Putin is once again elected president, there is no motivation to vote. ;
On the other hand, as indicated by this year’s parliamentary election, those who came to the polling stations observed a sort of political ritual. It is a matter of carrying out a law-abiding commitment. And this might drive people to vote in many Russian regions and have an impact on the electoral turnout. However, I expect it to be lower than during the parliamentary elections, especially in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Importantly, the turnout will be low not because people do not trust Putin — it will be low because of the absolute predictability of the elections, because of the absence of competition.  ;  ;  ;  ;  ;  ; ;
RD: To what extent were this year’s parliamentary elections different from the ones in 2011 — and why didn’t they lead to protests ? ; A.K.: Well, the situations are totally different. In 2011, people were waiting for changes and the continuation of modernization, with urbanites frustrated by the rigged voting and obvious violations during the parliamentary elections. They were also disappointed with the presidential swap, when then President Dmitry Medvedev decided not to stand for the 2012 presidency and let Putin come to power once again, depriving them of the opportunity of a choice. Eventually, they took to the streets. ;
Yet their protests failed to bring changes among the authorities. Moreover, these protests brought about a series of arrests, which had a chilling effect on the protesters. Afterwards, the authorities took very repressive legal measures — including “the Dima Yakovlev law” that bans foreign families from adopting Russian orphans, the laws that restrict the right to organize rallies, laws on foreign agents and undesirable organizations, and other restrictive measures. ;
Thus, by the beginning of this year’s elections, people had been very discouraged. They didn’t believe that they could change something. They were not ready to take to the streets. They were totally apathetic and disappointed politically. On top of that, there was the incorporation of Crimea. This narrative played its role in bringing people together around the authorities.
Also read Russia Direct's report: "" Decoding Social Transformations in Russia "" RD: Remarkably, those who took to the streets in 2011 supported Crimea’s incorporation. ; A.K.: Statistically, it is difficult to make any conclusions, yet the correlation does exist. Indeed, Crimea helped to mobilize people, even part of the liberal-minded citizens. It became the key narrative that mobilized the nation. Those who didn’t support the incorporation of Crimea are seen as outcasts. They are considered to be outsiders. ;
RD: How long will the Crimea effect be able to unite people around the authorities? ; A.K.: It is difficult to say for sure. Probably, the abrupt worsening of living standards and drop in income might influence the behavior of the population. Yet this is just a hypothesis, because people are still very satisfied with Crimea’s return to Russia: They see themselves as being part of a great power. ;
According to the polls of the Levada Center, people are still supporting the Kremlin’s foreign policy, they don’t want the sanctions to be canceled, and they believe they are above these sanctions. They think that Russia should keep the counter-sanctions policy instead of trying to persuade the West to lift these sanctions. This mobilization — being in the state of quasi-war — helps them to deal with the economic crisis and adjust to it. Honestly, there are no signs of political indignation, which means that people won’t orchestrate large-scale political protests.  ;  ;
RD: Shortly after the parliamentary elections, Russian media reported about the Kremlin’s plans to create the Ministry of State Security (or MGB in the Russian abbreviation), which is expected to bring together all Russian law security agencies. So, it seems to be a reanimated version of the old KGB. What does it mean for Russia’s political future? A.K.: Russian law enforcement officers play today a significant role [in the country’s decision-making process]. So, if these plans come true, it means that the authorities are trying to hedge political risks: It is a matter of the system defending itself in advance. One of the goals [of the MGB] is to provide security for the President and this problem will be more relevant by the end of the State Duma’s tenure, by 2021, because it will be the time when the future of Putin will be determined. ;
After 2021, there will be the questions from people and political elites if Putin will remain at the helm after 2024 or not, if he will nominate his successor or not, if he will be a lame duck or not. All these questions need to be clarified. And to feel more confident and secure, he needs absolute control. And the creation of such a monstrosity like the MGB is quite logical in such a situation. But this leak about MGB was no more than proving public and elite’s opinions. Presumably, right now this body will not be created.  ;  ;  ;  ;  ;
RD: There is some speculation that Putin might be concerned with a plot prepared by some members of Russia’s political elite. Is it really the case? A.K.: In fact, today there are not any signs of a conspiracy against Putin. The stakeholders within the Russian political elites are not interested in it, given a great deal of solidarity and unity around the Crimea narrative. Even though Putin is autocratic in his nature, nevertheless he is very popular among the elites. He builds such a political machine that guarantees him security and prevents any possibility of a coup d’état.  ;  ;
RD: Yet recently Putin reshuffled his political deck and asked his chief of staff, Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB officer, to resign. Anton Vaino , who was seen by some experts as a political unknown and a neutral technocratic political figure, replaced Ivanov. Does this resignation mean that Putin hedges the risks and just wants to get rid of those who might compete with him? ; A.K.: Actually, this is the trend, which means the 2018 new team of the president will consist of docile, absolutely loyal bureaucrats, who will be distant from the leader and won’t have any claims for power. This is in contrast to Putin’s cronies — governmental oligarchs and his close friends. ;
This team will also comprise the bureaucrats and average men from law enforcement agencies, including security guards and representatives of the special services. This is how Putin sees effective governance; this is how he is going to reform the governance system. This is part of his strategy to save his personal security during his next presidential term. These people will have to provide Putin with security when he either retires or hands over power to his successor.

""Putin is an observer. He is like a weighing-machine that takes into account all views and tries to balance them."" ; Photo: RIA Novosti  ;  ;  ;  ;  ;  ; ;
RD: There is also speculation that Putin is trying to fuel an artificial rivalry between different law enforcement agencies to strengthen his positions in the Kremlin. Do you agree? A.K.: Partly, it is the case. The logic of the MGB is to control this rivalry, watch over it closely and make it more transparent within one big entity. After all, Putin is an observer. He is like a weighing-machine that takes into account all views and tries to balance them. He gives them room to compete with each other up to a point and makes certain conclusions. It is a matter of effective political management. ;
Look at Alexander Bastrykin, the chairman of the Russian Investigative Committee. He has been very influential until recently, but he started expressing political claims and got in trouble [In July 2016 the Federal Security Service (FSB) conducted a series of inspections in the Investigative Committee’s offices and arrested high-profile officials suspected of corruption and embezzlement — Editor’s note]. ;
Today, Putin doesn’t need independent and very corrupt figures. He is ready to put up with the riches of his governmental oligarchs, but as long as they can hide it and fulfill their commitments within their governmental corporations. ;
Summing up, Putin is creating the environment that can provide him with security and insurance and control the wars with the Kremlin’s inner circle . Russia’s political elites have already received a lot of signals from him: If somebody behaves in a wrong way, he will be either dismissed or accused of corruption.
RD: How do you see the role of Medvedev, given that he has acquired the reputation of a very weak and docile politician? To what extent does he fit into the system? ; A.K.: His weakness is his power. His purposefully technocratic nature is his competitive capability. He is convenient, docile. He is between the loyal systemic liberals and law enforcement officials. In addition, his informal agreement with Putin is still intact and relevant. Politically, it is not in Putin’s interest to replace Medvedev with a more powerful and independent politician. ;
In this case Putin should choose between liberals and “hawks” — between [former Finance Minister] Alexei Kudrin and Igor Sechin [the head of Russia’s largest oil company Rosneft]. Yet Putin cannot do it right now. He has to choose a middle-of-the-road, technocratic and docile figure like Medvedev, who will become a very convenient way to shift responsibility for the economic crisis after 2018. ;
In this regard, the ideal candidate to replace Medvedev is Anton Vaino, Putin’s current chief of staff, or his deputy Sergei Kiriyenko, who in the eyes of Russians was responsible for the 1998 economic default. However, Medvedev is a much more experienced politician.
Also read: "" Inside the anti-corruption campaign against Russia's liberals "" RD: You mentioned the “hawks” and liberals within the Kremlin’s inner circle. Who is more influential today? A.K.: You can look at this hierarchy both simplistically and from a more sophisticated point of view. If we tend to simplify, there are the “hawks” or conservatives and “doves” or liberals: While the former are responsible for politics and foreign policy, the latter deal with the economy, business, the budget and fiscal policy. ;
On the other hand, all these players, especially, law enforcement officials [“hawks”] are involved in clan wars to a larger extent than the liberals, who, basically, have nothing to compete for (if we don’t take into account the debates between the Economy Ministry, Finance Ministry and the Central Banks about the nuances of Russia’s economic policy). ;
The closer we look at the political groups within the Kremlin, the more obvious it becomes that all these players are included in Putin’s team: In fact, they have less differences than commonalities. After all, all of them support the Crimean consensus. They support Putin’s domestic and foreign policy, even though some of them [liberals] don’t approve it. They are just adjusting to the current political situation without openly expressing their disagreement.
RD: Sooner or later Putin will have to step down. To what extent will the transition of power be difficult in Russia? A.K.: This transition will be very difficult at any rate. After all, there hasn’t been a rotation of power for years. The nuance is Putin can accelerate the transition to democracy only if it brings benefits to him to save his personal security. If technocrats and liberals are able to persuade him that his security depends on democracy, he might chose this path, yet, again, not because he likes democracy. Today he is not ready for liberalization.
The article was initially published ;in Russia Direct Report "" Russia's political drama heading into 2018 ."" ",0
4942,Louvre Attendants Strike After Vermeer Bottleneck - The New York Times,"PARIS  —   Dozens of museum attendants at the Louvre went on strike on Thursday to protest what they said was the museum’s poor handling of crowds at a temporary exhibition dedicated to Vermeer, with another strike possible on Friday. “Vermeer and the Masters of Genre Painting,” which includes 12 of the Dutch painter’s 34 known works, drew 9, 400 people the first week after it opened on Feb. 22  —   more than double the museum’s expectations  —   resulting in hourslong waits for some visitors. This week the museum put in place timed visits to the temporary shows on its online ticketing system, limiting the waiting time to 45 minutes. But there have still been bottlenecks. “It’s been a big mess,” Françoise Pinson, the secretary general of a museum workers union, said of the situation, which prompted 70 to 80 of its members to strike. “The signage wasn’t good the planning wasn’t good. ” On Friday morning, museum workers will meet to decide whether to continue their strike. Only 2 percent of the Louvre’s employees went on strike, and the museum was operating as usual, with temporary workers filling in, the museum said. The Vermeer exhibition, which runs through May 22 and will travel to the National Gallery of Art in Washington this fall, argues that the Dutch master may not have been the solitary genius that some believe him to have been. Media attention, a small viewing space and the steady allure of Vermeer have resulted in crowds twice as large as those for several of the Louvre’s recent exhibitions, including ones devoted to Raphael and Ingres. The Vermeer show is one of three temporary exhibitions that opened at the same time, along with “Masterpieces of the Leiden Collection: The Age of Rembrandt” and “Valentin de Boulogne: Beyond Caravaggio,” which was at the Metropolitan Museum of Art last year. The shows have helped lift attendance at the Louvre, which had seen a striking drop in visitors since a spate of terrorist attacks in France. The Louvre had 7. 4 million visitors in 2016, down from 8. 6 million in 2015. The Vermeer exhibition is on view in one of the underground spaces where many temporary exhibitions are held and that can accommodate only 250 people at a time, the Louvre said. After the crowds of the first week, attendance has dropped to around 4, 000 people per week, the museum said.",0
4943,AG Lynch Told Comey,"DaisyLuther.com October 31, 2016 
According to a report in the New Yorker, James Comey, Big Kahuna of the FBI, went full-on cowboy in releasing details of the new Clinton email inquiry. Apparently, the Department of Justice advised him not to release the information just days before the presidential election. 
Gosh. I wonder if the same advice would have been given if it was Donald Trump who was being investigated by the FBI. 
Comey explained his decision in a letter to FBI employees : 
“We don’t ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed. I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.” 
The DoJ – and by DoJ I mean Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who famously had a secret meeting on an airport tarmac with Bill Clinton to talk about her non-existent grandchildren – is implying that Comey is not playing fair and that the move is inconsistent with the rules which have been designed to make it seem like they are not interfering in an election. 
Here’s Comey’s letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee: 
Really? 
The DoJ thinks that the public shouldn’t know that the person they may be voting for is being investigated by the FBI? 
That’s the most absurd thing I have heard for quite some time, and considering this election, that’s really saying something. 
This is from the New Yorker report, emphasis mine. 
On Friday, James Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, acting independently of Attorney General Loretta Lynch , sent a letter to Congress saying that the F.B.I. had discovered e-mails that were potentially relevant to the investigation of Hillary Clinton’s private server. Coming less than two weeks before the Presidential election, Comey’s decision to make public new evidence that may raise additional legal questions about Clinton was contrary to the views of the Attorney General, according to a well-informed Administration official. Lynch expressed her preference that Comey follow the department’s longstanding practice of not commenting on ongoing investigations, and not taking any action that could influence the outcome of an election, but he said that he felt compelled to do otherwise . 
Comey’s decision is a striking break with the policies of the Department of Justice, according to current and former federal legal officials. Comey, who is a Republican appointee of President Obama, has a reputation for integrity and independence, but his latest action is stirring an extraordinary level of concern among legal authorities, who see it as potentially affecting the outcome of the Presidential and congressional elections. ( source ) 
Is this investigation the iceberg to HRC’s Titanic campaign? 
Hillary Clinton has said she finds the development “unprecedented and deeply troubling.” (source ) 
Oh, I’ll bet she does. 
I’ll bet if Trump had been the target of the investigation she would have been up on the stage, gripping the podium to stay upright, saying how wonderful it was that Comey decided to break the news so that voters could be aware that they might be voting for someone who was suspected of having broken federal laws. I’ll bet she’d be saying that the public has a right to know if a candidate was under investigation. I’ll bet she’d take the high road and say that those elected to the office of President of the United States have to be above and beyond reproach. 
Of course, when it’s her, things are a little different, aren’t they? 
We do have a right to know. We absolutely have a right to know that a person who could be elected to know all of the secrets was careless when she only knew some of the secrets. It seems like a no-brainer that the public should know that a candidate is being investigated for a second time for being criminally negligent with information entrusted to her. 
And the fact that we know has severely damaged Clinton’s campaign. Although previous polls were incredibly skewed to the point of being outright fake , it looks like the mainstream is now trying to save face with a new batch of polls. A poll from ABC news and the Washington Post , both hotbeds of liberal voters, has shown that her lead has dropped to within a single point over Donald Trump due to the Clinton email scandal. 
“About a third of likely voters say they’re less likely to support Clinton given FBI Director James Comey’s disclosure Friday that the bureau is investigating more emails related to its probe of Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state. “ 
Finally, some people are actually paying attention to the character of Hillary Clinton. 
But it may not be enough. There was one finding that was astonishing to me, even though it probably shouldn’t be: 
“Given other considerations, 63 percent say it makes no difference.” 
Meanwhile, on social media, the FBI emails are somehow not a trending topic. It certainly appears that Twitter, Facebook, Snapchat, and Buzzfeed are blacking out the topic. 
My biggest question is this: Why now? 
Why did James Comey, who has probably committed career suicide, along with a potential actual “suicide” via a shot to the back of his own head like others who have run afoul of the Clintons, feel the need to break the news, particularly after giving her a pass during the last investigation? 
Opponents will jump on the fact that he’s a Republican and will say that he did it for political reasons. 
They won’t admit that perhaps he felt guilty for being complicit in letting her off the hook in the first investigation into the Clinton email negligence. 
They will never, ever admit that maybe his integrity and belief in the office he holds made it impossible for him to keep quiet until after the election and that, perhaps, when he was given a chance to right a previous wrong, he took it. 
Clinton isn’t taking it gracefully. 
Clinton’s complaints, which have appeared in the press around the world, make her look even worse than she did before. 
This is from The Telegraph , a UK publication: 
Hillary Clinton was furiously fighting to keep her Presidential bid on track on Saturday night as her lead in the polls narrowed, after the FBI’s bombshell announcement that it had reopened its investigation into her emails. 
James Comey announced on Friday afternoon that fresh evidence had emerged for his investigation into whether Mrs Clinton was criminally negligent in her handling of classified material. 
On Saturday, the latest poll of polls by tracker site RealClearPolitics put Clinton 3.9 percentage points ahead of the Republican nationwide, down from 7.1 points just 10 days previously. 
But wait – it gets better: 
The Clinton campaign has responded with what amounts to a declaration of open warfare against Mr Comey, alleging that his actions are backed by a political motive. And Mrs Clinton herself called the decision “unprecedented” and “deeply troubling”. 
“It’s pretty strange to put something like that out with such little information right before an election,” she complained, addressing cheering supporters at a rally in the must-win state of Florida. 
Democrats questioned the timing of the agency’s decision, which comes as polls showed Mrs Clinton’s lead falling just 10 days before the presidential election. 
“This is like an 18-wheeler smacking into us, and it just becomes a huge distraction at the worst possible time,” said Donna Brazile, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee. 
“The campaign is trying to cut through the noise as best it can. 
“We don’t want it to knock us off our game. But on the second-to-last weekend of the race, we find ourselves having to tell voters, ‘Keep your focus, keep your eyes on the prize.’” 
Hillary’s campaign manager sounds pretty desperate to me. As for the complaints from HRC, they just make her sound like the out-of-touch, money-grabbing, power-hungry, deceitful",0
4944,"North Korea, Rebuking Trump, Says It Can Test Long-Range Missile ‘Anytime’ - The New York Times","SEOUL, South Korea  —   Less than a week after Donald J. Trump taunted North Korea over its ballistic missile capabilities, North Korea has said that it could conduct its first test of an intercontinental missile “anytime and anywhere” in a rebuke to the incoming president. Although North Korea has vowed to develop the ability to attack the United States with nuclear warheads and has tested missiles that can reach throughout the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity, it has never tested a   missile that could fly over the Pacific. In a New Year’s Day speech, Kim   North Korea’s leader, said his country had reached a “final stage” in preparing to test an intercontinental ballistic missile. That drew a Twitter post the next day from Mr. Trump that said, “It won’t happen!” On Sunday, an unidentified spokesman of the North Korean Foreign Ministry told the North’s official Korean Central News Agency, “The ICBM will be launched anytime and anywhere determined by our supreme leadership. ” The spokesman’s remarks, made public on the KCNA website Monday, were in response to comments last Thursday by Antony J. Blinken, the United States deputy secretary of state, that North Korea had made “a qualitative improvement” in its missile capabilities over the past year. And he said Washington and its allies would continue “comprehensive, sustained pressure and sanctions” against the North. On NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday, Ashton B. Carter, the departing secretary of defense, said the United States would shoot down a North Korean missile “if it were coming towards our territory or the territory of our friends and allies. ” It remains unclear how close North Korea has come to building a reliable ICBM. Although it has displayed the     believed to be its first ICBM, during military parades in recent years, it has never   that system. In the past year, however, North Korea has boasted of successfully testing key technologies, such as   missile engines and heat shields for an ICBM. Last Tuesday, John Kirby, a spokesman for the State Department, said Washington did not believe that North Korea had achieved its goal of tipping   missiles with nuclear warheads, though it continued to “march in that direction. ” North Korea has sought to develop by early 2018 miniaturized nuclear weapons that can fit atop a missile capable of reaching the United States, Thae   a former North Korean diplomat who defected, told the Yonhap news agency of South Korea on Sunday.",0
4945,Senate Committee to Question Jared Kushner Over Meetings With Russians - The New York Times,"Senate investigators plan to question Jared Kushner, President Trump’s    and a close adviser, as part of their broad inquiry into ties between Trump associates and Russian officials or others linked to the Kremlin, according to administration and congressional officials. The White House Counsel’s Office was informed this month that the Senate Intelligence Committee, which is investigating Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, wanted to question Mr. Kushner about meetings he arranged with the Russian ambassador, Sergey I. Kislyak, according to the government officials. The meetings, which took place during the transition, included a previously unreported   with the head of Russia’s   development bank. Until now, the White House had acknowledged only an early December meeting between Mr. Kislyak and Mr. Kushner, which occurred at Trump Tower and was also attended by Michael T. Flynn, who would briefly serve as the national security adviser. Later that month, though, Mr. Kislyak requested a second meeting, which Mr. Kushner asked a deputy to attend in his stead, officials said. At Mr. Kislyak’s request, Mr. Kushner later met with Sergey N. Gorkov, the chief of Vnesheconombank, which the United States placed on its sanctions list after President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia annexed Crimea and began meddling in Ukraine. A White House spokeswoman, Hope Hicks, confirmed those meetings, saying in an interview that nothing of consequence occurred and portraying them as routine diplomatic encounters that went nowhere. But Mr. Gorkov, who previously served as deputy chairman of the board at Sberbank, Russia’s largest   bank, said in a statement issued by his bank that he met with Mr. Kushner in his capacity as the   executive of Kushner Companies, his family’s sprawling real estate empire. Members of presidential transition teams routinely meet with foreign officials, and there is nothing inherently improper about sitting down with the Russian ambassador. Part of Mr. Kushner’s role during the campaign and the transition was to serve as a chief conduit to foreign governments and officials, and Ms. Hicks said he met with dozens of officials from a wide range of countries. She added that Mr. Kushner was willing to talk to Senate investigators about the meetings with Mr. Kislyak and the banker, saying, “He isn’t trying to hide anything and wants to be transparent. ” Still, meetings between Trump associates and Russian officials or others linked to Mr. Putin are now of heightened interest as several congressional committees and F. B. I. investigators try to determine the scope of the Russian intervention in the election and links between Russians and anyone around Mr. Trump. The Senate panel’s decision to question Mr. Kushner would make him the closest person to the president to be called upon in any of the investigations, and the only one currently serving in the White House. The officials who initially described that Senate inquiry to The New York Times did so on the condition of anonymity in order to speak candidly about Mr. Trump’s   . The F. B. I. declined to comment. There are no indications that Mr. Kushner is a focus of its investigation, and Ms. Hicks said he had not been questioned by the bureau. Mr. Kislyak’s contacts with Trump administration officials have proved problematic: Mr. Flynn was fired for misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of the conversations he had with the Russian envoy, claiming he had not discussed the sanctions against Russia when communications intercepts showed he had. Attorney General Jeff Sessions was forced to recuse himself from any Russian inquiries led by the Justice Department after he failed to disclose at his Senate confirmation hearing that he had met with Mr. Kislyak during the campaign. The meetings Mr. Kushner arranged with Mr. Kislyak all took place in December, during the transition, Ms. Hicks said. Mr. Kushner attended the initial meeting with Mr. Kislyak to explore whether a channel could be set up between the Russian government and the incoming administration to improve relations between the United States and Russia, Ms. Hicks said. They also discussed how the United States and Russia could cooperate on issues in the Middle East, an area Mr. Kushner has been deputized to take the lead on, she said. Mr. Kislyak asked for a second meeting to “deliver a message,” Ms. Hicks said. Mr. Kushner sent Avrahm Berkowitz, a White House aide and longtime associate. At that session, Mr. Kislyak told Mr. Berkowitz that he wanted Mr. Kushner to meet Mr. Gorkov, the Russian banker, Ms. Hicks said. Mr. Gorkov is a graduate of the academy of Federal Security Service of Russia, a training ground for Russian intelligence and security forces. And as the head of Vnesheconombank, Mr. Gorkov presides over a bank whose supervisory board is controlled by members of Mr. Putin’s government, including Prime Minister Dimitri A. Medvedev. It has been used to bail out oligarchs favored by Mr. Putin, as well as to help fund pet projects like the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. Around the time the Russian ambassador asked that Mr. Kushner meet with Mr. Gorkov, American intelligence agencies were concluding that Russian spies, acting on the orders of Mr. Putin, had sought to sway the election by hacking political targets, like the Democratic National Committee, and passing stolen emails to WikiLeaks. Mr. Kushner had not yet stepped aside as chief executive of Kushner Companies, which was trying to attract investment for the company’s crown jewel, an overleveraged Manhattan office tower on Fifth Avenue. The company was in the midst of negotiations to redevelop the building with Anbang Insurance Group, a Chinese company with ties to the Beijing government. Senate investigators plan to ask Mr. Kushner if he discussed ways to secure additional financing for the building during his meeting with the Russian banker, a government official said. Ms. Hicks said that no such business was discussed at the   session, during which Mr. Gorkov expressed a desire for an open dialogue. Nor did the issue of the American sanctions against Russian entities like Vnesheconombank arise, she added. “It really wasn’t much of a conversation,” she said. Mr. Gorkov, in the statement, went further. He said that bank managers, as part of a new strategy for the institution, met with international financial institutions in Europe, Asia and America to talk about promising trends and sectors. He also met with representatives of “business circles of the U. S. including with the head of Kushner Companies, Jared Kushner. ” And in an interview on the   Rossiya 24 TV channel on Dec. 29, the same month that he met with Mr. Kushner, Mr. Gorkov said he hoped that the situation caused by Ukraine sanctions imposed by the Americans against Russian banks like his “would change for the better. ” The inquiry into Mr. Kushner’s dealings with the ambassador and Mr. Gorkov may further complicate Mr. Trump’s efforts to move past the Russia situation. Last week, the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, confirmed in testimony to Congress that his agency had begun a counterintelligence investigation into Russian interference and whether any associates of the president might have colluded with the Russian government. Mr. Trump’s former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, has been under scrutiny in the F. B. I. investigation because of his ties to   politicians in Ukraine. In August, he was forced to step down as the chairman of Mr. Trump’s campaign amid reports that his name emerged in a secret ledger in Ukraine listing    payments for consulting work he did for a   government there. He has denied any wrongdoing and has said he never worked for the Russian government. Other Trump associates who have been drawn into the F. B. I. investigation include Roger J. Stone Jr. a longtime Republican operative who has acknowledged contacts with Guccifer 2. 0, the mysterious online figure that is believed to be a front for Russian intelligence officials, and Carter Page, a former foreign policy adviser to the campaign who has done extensive business in Russia. Both have denied doing anything unlawful. The Senate investigation is proceeding on a separate track from the F. B. I. investigation while drawing on some of the same material, like routine electronic surveillance of the Russian ambassador and his embassy cohort. The committee chairman, Senator Richard M. Burr, Republican of North Carolina, has told the White House he plans to interview all Trump aides who had contact with Russian officials, according to White House officials. Depending on those interviews, some may be called upon to testify in   sessions. Mr. Burr and Senator Mark Warner, a Virginia Democrat and the committee’s vice chairman, said in a statement: “Mr. Kushner has volunteered to be interviewed as part of the committee’s investigation into the Russian activities surrounding the 2016 election. ” They added that their inquiry would “follow the intelligence wherever it leads. ” The extent of Mr. Kushner’s interactions with Mr. Kislyak caught some senior members of Mr. Trump’s White House team off guard, in part because he did not mention them last month during a debate then consuming the White House: how to handle the disclosures about Mr. Flynn’s interactions with the Russian ambassador. Ms. Hicks said that Mr. Trump had authorized Mr. Kushner to have meetings with foreign officials that he felt made sense, and to report back to him if those meetings produced anything of note. She said that because in Mr. Kushner’s view the meetings were inconsequential, it did not occur to him to mention them to senior staff members earlier. “There was nothing to get out in front of on this,” she said.",0
4946,Oscar Nomination Puts Lin-Manuel Miranda One Step Closer to an EGOT - The New York Times,"With an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song on Tuesday,   Miranda moved one step closer to a rare artistic sweep: the EGOT. Only 12 other performers have held the title, which they earned by winning an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar and a Tony. (According to Vanity Fair, the acronym was coined in the 1980s by the “Miami Vice” actor Philip Michael Thomas, who has won none of the awards. It was repopularized by Tracy Morgan’s character on the sitcom “30 Rock. ”) Mr. Miranda’s Oscar nomination, his first, is for the song “How Far I’ll Go” from “Moana. ” It will compete against two songs from “La La Land,” one from “Trolls” and one from “Jim: The James Foley Story. ” If he wins, Mr. Miranda would join such performers as Helen Hayes, Audrey Hepburn, Whoopi Goldberg, Mel Brooks and Mike Nichols. The Tony Awards have been a stumbling block for many entertainers: Kate Winslet, Martin Scorsese, Randy Newman and, somehow, Julie Andrews, lack only Broadway’s highest honor. At 37, Mr. Miranda would be the youngest person to have won all four awards. His song, “How Far I’ll Go,” is a tribute to ambition and adventure, celebrating themes similar to one of Justin Hurwitz’s nominated songs, “Audition (The Fools Who Dream),” from “La La Land. ” “How Far I’ll Go” has been adapted into 44 languages, including a version sung by the Canadian pop star, Alessia Cara, on the film’s soundtrack. In a statement on Tuesday, Mr. Miranda thanked the academy and his collaborators on the film and congratulated all the nominees. “Future congratulations to the kids watching the telecast this year, singing along with their favorite songs, performing epic private concerts for the mirror with a comb or a toothbrush microphone,” he said. “You’re next. ” Last fall, when Mr. Miranda was asked about the possibility of winning all four awards, he pointed out that there were brilliant artists who had not won a single award. “There are great works of art that won nothing. And Vincent Van Gogh died penniless,” he said. “Awards are not a maker of excellence. ” “But they’re really cool,” the interviewer, from the awards news site Gold Derby, said. “They’re cool,” Mr. Miranda said. Mr. Miranda has two Grammys, one for the cast recording to his 2008 Broadway musical “In the Heights” and another for his smash hit “Hamilton. ” He has personally won three Tony awards (and his musicals have collected many more). He won an Emmy for his work on the music and lyrics at the 2013 Tony award show. It is, of course, an honor to collect all four awards  —   or even one of them. But the ambition to do so was mocked memorably on the “30 Rock” episode “Dealbreakers Talk Show #001,” in which Tracy Jordan, the character played by Tracy Morgan, decides that it is his dearest ambition to win all four awards, transforming the acronym into a verb: to EGOT. “That’s a good goal for a talented crazy person,” Mr. Morgan says. If he wins, Mr. Miranda will join an even more rarefied group: EGOT performers who also have Pulitzer Prizes. The composers Richard Rodgers and Marvin Hamlisch have won all five. Mr. Miranda, uniquely, has also received a MacArthur Fellowship.",0
4947,"Krankenhaus führt Operationen nur noch nachts durch, um Narkosemittel zu sparen","Donnerstag, 17. November 2016 Krankenhaus führt Operationen nur noch nachts durch, um Narkosemittel zu sparen Berlin (Archiv) - Ob dieses Konzept Schule macht? Als erstes deutsches Krankenhaus hat das Pantaleon-Klinikum in Berlin angekündigt, operative Eingriffe nach Möglichkeit nur noch zwischen 22 und 5 Uhr durchzuführen. Weil Patienten um diese Uhrzeit in der Regel ohnehin schlafen, kann auf eine Vollnarkose und damit auf teure Sedativa verzichtet werden. Den natürlichen Schlaf des Menschen für chirurgische Eingriffe zu nutzen, ist laut Chefarzt Dr. Jürgen Michels ein eigentlich naheliegender Ansatz: ""Narkosemittel sind ja dazu da, den Patienten in einen künstlichen Schlafzustand zu versetzen, bedeuten aber gleichzeitig jede Menge Stress für den Organismus. Nachts hingegen schlafen die meisten Menschen ganz ohne Sedierung, was es uns abseits der gesundheitlichen Vorteile außerdem ermöglicht, auf lange Sicht eine Menge Geld zu sparen, das wir an anderen Stellen gezielt einsetzen können."" ""War was?"": Aufwachen am Morgen nach der OP Die Vorteile der neuen Methode liegen auf der Hand: Viele Patienten schlafen nachts bis zu acht Stunden, was auch komplizierte, langwierige Eingriffe ohne Vollnarkose ermöglicht. Kleinere Routine-Eingriffe können aber auch nachmittags während des Mittagsschlafs durchgeführt werden. Der Ablauf einer solchen OP unterscheidet sich kaum vom bisherigen Prozedere: Nachdem alle Vorbereitungen getroffen sind, wird lediglich gewartet, bis der Patient selbstständig eingeschlafen ist. In schwierigen Fällen hilft ein Anästhesist mit warmer Milch und Schlafliedern nach. Sobald der Patient auf Fragen wie ""Hallo? Schlafen Sie schon?"" nicht mehr reagiert, kann er aufgeschnitten werden. Operationen am schlafenden Patienten müssen möglichst leise durchgeführt werden. Anweisungen an das medizinische Personal (""Skalpell"", ""Tupfer"", ""Zigarettenpause"") haben nur noch in Flüsterlautstärke zu erfolgen. Außerdem ist stets dafür zu sorgen, dass das Licht im Operationssaal auf ein akzeptables Maß gedimmt ist. Lediglich bei Not-OPs sollen nach wie vor herkömmliche Sedativa zum Einsatz kommen, weil schwerverletzte Unfallopfer in der Regel aufgrund ihrer Schmerzen nur mühsam in den Schlaf finden. fed, dan, ssi; Fotos: Shutterstock; Hinweis: Erstmals erschienen am 13.11.15 Artikel teilen:",0
4948,Hillary Clinton’s Wall Street Fundraising Benefited From Loophole In Federal Anti-Corruption Rule,"Hillary Clinton’s Wall Street Fundraising Benefited From Loophole In Federal Anti-Corruption Rule   Source: IBT 
Despite an anti-corruption rule that was designed to reduce the financial industry’s political power, top officials from the investment firm BlackRock hosted Hillary Clinton at campaign fundraisers earlier this year. 
The cash — which poured in through a loophole in the law — came in as BlackRock’s federal contracts to manage billions of dollars of retiree assets will be up for renewal during the next president’s term. 
In 2010, the Securities and Exchange Commission looked to stop campaign donations to public officials from financial firms seeking to convince those officials to hire them to manage public employees’ retirement assets. The agency enacted a pay-to-play rule that applied such a restriction to state and local officials. The rule, however, was structured in a way that effectively exempted federal agencies from its restrictions — and it was created even though a major federal agency had just been plagued by an investment-related influence-peddling scandal. 
In practice, the gap in the rule allows BlackRock executives to raise big money for presidential candidates who — if they win — will appoint the officials that run the federal Thrift Savings Plan, which awards contracts to manage retirement assets for nearly 5 million current and former federal employees. The loophole also allows Wall Street executives to give cash to presidential candidates, even as those executives’ firms get deals to manage — and earn fees from — investments for the federal government’s separate pension insurance agency, which is run by presidential appointees. 
In all, the loophole in the SEC rule effectively leaves nearly a half-trillion dollars of retirement assets unprotected by the nation’s major anti-corruption measure. Clinton’s presidential campaign has raised more than $1 million from financial firms that are contracted to manage those assets.",0
4949,Sarkozy admits French language a hoax after Wikileaks exposé,"November 14, 2016 
After yesterday’s Wikileaks revelations, Nicolas Sarkozy has today confirmed that the “French language” is indeed a one thousand year old hoax. The president of France revealed that what purported to be his native tongue was in fact complete gibberish, admitting the French really speak English, except in the presence of the British. This comes as Wikileaks published cables sent by French diplomats to countries such as Spain, China and Russia which were all found to be written in English. 
During a speech given in received pronunciation, the French President came clean, stating that it all started off as a joke during William the Conquerer’s invasion to make the aggressors seem a bit more exotic. “What was initially a prank snowballed and after a few years we realised we’d look silly revealing the truth, so we had to keep up the façade,” said the Premier. “In the company of any Brits we would try to make convincingly “French” sounds, a mixture of guttural grunts and rapid-fire syllables. 
But as soon as we were on our own we’d all heave a huge sigh of relief and revert to English. We developed a heavy reliance on hand gestures to cover up when we ran out of likely noises, and the shrug was a particular boon if inspiration dried up. In the end we became quite the raconteurs, with an impressive array of supposed vocabulary. So what began as a game for the élites, became a hobby across all levels of society, and it shocked us that the Brits were so naïve as to not see through the charade.” 
Sarkozy claims Wikileaks will soon expose a number of other “languages”. “I mean, seriously guys, has anyone ever actually listened to “Arabic”? Je ne sais pas…..” 
16 February 2011",0
4950,Comment on Quid Pro Quo? Wikileaks Email Reveals Clinton Campaign Eyeing Paul Ryan’s Relative for Supreme Court by lenore.lee,"New Wikileaks email dumps have revealed massive corruption surrounding Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta . In one email dated February 29, 2016, an article sent by Hillary advisor Sara Solow to Podesta and Hillary’s foreign policy advisor Jake Sullivan indicates that the Clinton campaign is considering House Speaker Paul Ryan’s relative for the Supreme Court . 
Ketanji Brown is the subject of the article. She is related to Paul Ryan by marriage and is a judge on the US District Court for the District of Columbia. 
The email reads, “She was confirmed by without any Republican opposition in the Senate not once, but *twice*. She was confirmed to her current position in 2013 by unanimous consent – that is, without any stated opposition. She was also previously confirmed unanimously to a seat on the U.S. Sentencing Commission (where she became vice chair).” 
“Her family is impressive. She is married to a surgeon and has two young daughters. Her father is a retired lawyer and her mother a retired school principal. Her brother was a police officer (in the unit that was the basis for the television show * The Wire *) and is now a law student, and she is related by marriage to Congressman (and Speaker of the House) Paul Ryan.” 
Earlier this month, he even said he would not campaign for nor support his party’s nominee, Donald Trump . In fact, some supporters of Trump have theorized that Ryan was somehow behind or involved in the leak of the tape in which Trump made sexually crude comments about women. 
If you claim this is merely circumstantial, then I think there is no hope for you understanding just how corrupt DC has gotten, and this is the very Paul Ryan I warned you about in 2012, which everyone said was “so conservative.” Sadly, many didn’t listen and voted for liberal Mitt Romney and him. Perhaps Paul Ryan’s records and emails should be leaked and maybe we just might see that he’s willing to engage Hillary in a pay-to-play scheme . 
Courtesy of Freedom Outpost 
Tim Brown is an author and Editor at FreedomOutpost.com , SonsOfLibertyMedia.com , GunsInTheNews.com and TheWashingtonStandard.com . He is husband to his “more precious than rubies” wife, father of 10 “mighty arrows”, jack of all trades, Christian and lover of liberty. He resides in the U.S. occupied Great State of South Carolina. Tim is also an affiliate for the Joshua Mark 5 AR/AK hybrid semi-automatic rifle . Follow Tim on Twitter . Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
4951,Blatant bias against Trump may hasten the end of mainstream media,"By wmw_admin on November 5, 2016 Darrell DeLamaid — Market Watch Nov 3, 2016 Trump supporter at Trump rally tells media covering the event exactly what he thinks of them. Click to enlarge 
Whatever else this year’s bizarre and destructive presidential campaign achieves, it may well sound the death knell for legacy news media. 
Newspapers have long since been doomed by the digital revolution and the collapse of their economic model. New waves of buyouts and layoffs recently announced by the New York Times, USA Today and the Wall Street Journal mark another step by print media toward extinction. 
Broadcast networks, too, face severe difficulties as new technologies and changes in viewing habits transform the television industry and bring new challenges to news operations. . 
But it is the bias of the establishment media so blatantly in favor of the establishment candidate, Hillary Clinton, that may strip these news organizations of their last claim to value — as an objective and authoritative source of information — and hasten their demise. 
When Liz Spayd started her new assignment as the public editor of the New York Times last summer. she was taken aback by the deluge of email criticizing the newspaper for “ one-sided reporting ” and “relentless bias against Trump.” 
Her inquiries in the newsroom were met “with a roll of the eyes,” Spayd said, and the claim that all sides hate the Times because they are even-handed in their reporting. 
“That response may be tempting, but unless the strategy is to become The New Republic gone daily, this perception by many readers strikes me as poison,” Spayd said candidly. “A paper whose journalism appeals to only half the country has a dangerously severed public mission.” 
She went on to muse that a fracturing media environment, with people seeking out the news they want to hear, might be pulling the Times to the left, which is where two-thirds of its readers are. This would be bad, she said, because of the stories that would be missed — such as the “surprising” triumph of Donald Trump in capturing the Republican nomination. 
“Imagine a country where the greatest, most powerful newsroom in the free world was viewed not as a voice that speaks to all but as one that has taken sides,” she said, before grimly asking, “Or has that already happened?” 
Yes, indeed, it has. Behind all the Times’ fawning profiles of Clinton — and the denigrating pieces not only on Trump but also Democratic challenger Bernie Sanders — was a cozy understanding between Times reporters and the Clinton campaign, WikiLeaks has shown us, that getting Clinton elected is something of a collaborative effort. 
But it’s not just the Times — though the failing at what remains the nation’s premier newspaper is more egregious — but much of the rest of the establishment media as well. . 
Longtime media critic Howard Kurtz, while acknowledging that Trump suffered from numerous self-inflicted wounds, said last week (before the FBI announced it was reopening the investigation into Clinton’s emails) that it looked like the mainstream media was doing a victory lap for defeating Trump, treating the election as if it were already over. 
Trump, Kurtz said, has “been hit with the most sustained wave of hostile coverage ever aimed at a major-party presidential nominee.” 
In an accompanying video, he added, “There will be a stain on the press for being so openly one-sided in a presidential election, and that will not go away.” 
Editors at the Times, the Washington Post and elsewhere justify this hostility because they have determined that Trump is an existential threat to democracy and the worst presidential nominee in history and can’t be treated as an ordinary candidate. 
So why do the polls show the worst nominee ever running neck-and-neck with the candidate President Barack Obama has praised as the most qualified person ever to run for president? 
Do these editors know something that tens of millions of American voters are missing? Whose job is it really to decide what poses a threat to our democracy — a handful of editors in the corporate media or the voters? 
“This election has exposed as never before that there is indeed a media elite, bound together by class and geography, that is utterly clueless about its own biases and filters,” freelance investigative reporter Kenneth Silverstein wrote this week in the Observer. 
Silverstein had some unkind words for Trump, describing him as an “addled, reckless, dangerous billionaire.” He added, however, that Trump’s success “may be a sad reflection of the complete breakdown of our political system, but it doesn’t make Trump’s appeal to a significant chunk of the electorate illegitimate.” 
The devastation of the industrial heartland, sinking wages, skyrocketing health-care costs, deep-seated economic insecurity fueling an opioid epidemic, and Clinton’s strong bent toward military interventionism “are highly rational reasons for any voter to consider casting a ballot for Trump,” Silverstein said. 
He went on to cite leaked emails showing Clinton campaign staff strategizing about how to plant stories with friendly journalists at the Times, Vox and MSNBC, among others, as well as deferential emails in return from journalists. 
Silverstein acknowledged that he has an ax to grind because his own negative story for Fusion about a Clinton Foundation project in Colombia came under attack from the Clinton campaign. And this op-ed lambasting the media appeared in the Observer, which is owned and managed by Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner — but, hey, it wasn’t going to be published by the Times. 
There is a long tradition in American politics of blaming the media when your message isn’t getting through. But in this case, as Trump narrows the gap with Clinton in the closing days of the race, it seems more like his message is getting through in spite of the media. 
This is how former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a Trump ally, responded to a question this week from ABC’s Martha Raddatz about whether he really believed an election could be rigged against Trump: “I think that without the unending one-sided assault of the news media, Trump would be beating Hillary by 15 points,” Gingrich said. “The news media’s one-sidedness is the worst I’ve seen in my lifetime, and I’m old enough that that’s a fairly long statement.”",0
4953,"Jerusalem in Photos from 1862: No mosques, no Palestinians – only ghost towns of massacred Christian areas","Jerusalem in Photos from 1862: No mosques, no Palestinians – only ghost towns of massacred Christian areas Oct 27, 2016 Previous post 
A new photographic exhibition in London follows the journey taken by England’s Prince of Wales (later King Edward VII) in 1862, as he undertook a four month tour around the Middle East. 
And as usual, no sign of mosques or active Palestinian presence as the decades old argument from the Palestinian side to keep up the saga to fight and occupy, for the sake of jihad and foreign aid. 
In the exhibition we find more photographs from Jerusalem in 1862, when the so called “palestinians” allegedly were already 1 million in population on land they profess to have “lost to Jewish occupation” a few decades later. The only problem with this argument is that, as with all photographs up to the second decade of 1900’s, there are rarely any Muslims or mosques to be found on any photographs. The only mosque – and a confiscated synagogue converted after Muslim invasion is the Temple Mount’s Dome of the Rock – and it stands empty of Muslims in ALL pictures through the 1800’s and early 1900’s, demonstrating the falsity in the Palestinian argument. There are more evidence and remains of the massacres Muslims caused on Christians, than any living signs of Muslims themselves. In comparison, other towns with a living Muslim population documented in photographs during the mid and late 1800’s always feature a lot of mosques. 
. Cairo to Constantinople: Early Photographs of the Middle East The Queen’s Gallery, Buckingham Palace 
Friday, 7 November 2014 to Sunday, 22 February 2015 
This exhibition follows the journey taken by the Prince of Wales (later King Edward VII) in 1862, as he undertook a four month tour around the Middle East. 
Seen through the photographs of Francis Bedford (1815-94), the first photographer to travel on a royal tour, it explores the cultural and political significance Victorian Britain attached to the region, which was then as complex and contested as it remains today. 
The tour took the Prince to Egypt, Palestine and the Holy Land, Syria, Lebanon, Turkey and Greece where he met rulers, politicians and other notable figures, and travelled in a manner not associated with royalty – by horse and camping out in tents. 
On the royal party’s return to England, Francis Bedford’s work was displayed in what was described as ‘the most important photographic exhibition that has hitherto been placed before the public’. 
Cairo to Constantinople: Early Photographs of the Middle East is presented alongside Gold at The Queen’s Gallery, Buckingham Palace. 
The Mount of Olives and Garden of Gethsemane [Jerusalem] Creator: Francis Bedford (1815-94) (photographer) Creation Date: 2 Apr 1862 Materials: Albumen print, mounted on card Dimensions: 23.4 x 28.5 cm RCIN 2700922 Acquirer: King Edward VII, King of the United Kingdom (1841-1910), when Albert Edward, Prince of Wales (1841-63) Provenance: Acquired by the Prince of Wales (later King Edward VII), 1862 
Description: 
The Mount of Olives rises to the east of Jerusalem. The walled enclosure to the right contains the site identified as the Garden of 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
4954,Russia-China military ties ‘at all-time high’ – MoD,"  A cathedral founded on pure faith, and its creator who has dedicated more than 50 years of his life to building it. 91-year-old Don Justo, of the small Spanish town of Mejorada del Campo, is a former monk. On a whim and a dream, he decided to build a monumental house of God, and since 1961, he has been doing just that – using junk, recycled building materials, and as much good will as he can find. For his single minded determination, some say he’s a madman, and others, a saint. SUBSCRIBE TO RTD Channel to get documentaries firsthand! http://bit.ly/1MgFbVy FOLLOW US RTD WEBSITE: http://RTD.rt.com/ RTD ON TWITTER: http://twitter.com/RT_DOC RTD ON FACEBOOK: http://www.facebook.com/RTDocumentary RTD ON DAILYMOTION http://www.dailymotion.com/rt_doc RTD ON INSTAGRAM http://instagram.com/rt_documentary/ RTD LIVE http://rtd.rt.com/on-air/  ",0
4955,Thailand’s economic future,"Economic Divide People pay respects to late Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej near the Grand Palace in Bangkok, October 28, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
The passing away of Thailand’s king has put the country into an uncertain state. The military junta, which has been in power after a coup, has announced one year of mourning. That will affect one of the largest industries in Thailand, namely tourism. 
Thailand’s economy was sluggish to begin with. Ever since the coup, retail business activity has experienced a slump, the agriculture industry has been hit with falling commodity prices, and exports, which accounts for 70% of Thailand’s GDP, has dropped five percentage points. 
It is interesting to note that the Thai stock exchange actually experienced growth after the coup, for the 20th consecutive month; yet, it then abruptly slowed down. Also of note: Thailand’s unemployment rate is one of the lowest in the world, at 1%. Loading ...",0
4956,Now it is USA Today Lying to us that the Anti-Trump Protests are Spontaneou,"Now it is USA Today Lying to us that the Anti-Trump Protests are Spontaneous
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-13/anti-trump-protests-proof-professional-activist-involvement 
The post Now it is USA Today Lying to us that the Anti-Trump Protests are Spontaneou appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
4957,French-Japanese Flawed Steel InReactors Dooms The Nuclear Industry,"GET VISIBLE! Advertise Here. Find Out More Reactors Dooms The Nuclear Industry By Yoichi Shimatsu 9-17-16 A murky web of international supply chains is being exposed in the flawed-steel parts scandal rocking the French and Japanese nuclear industries. Serious anomalies have been discovered in key steel components for the European Pressurized Water Reactor (E-PWR) being constructed at Flamanville, France, on the English Channel. The recent exposure of brittle steel has led to a sullen admission by nuclear-tech supplier AREVA of metallurgical defects in at least 400 different types of reactor parts produced by its subsidiary Le Creusot Forge since 1964. Oddly, nearly identical inconsistencies in steel alloys were found in parts imported from Japan for the Flamanville project. Dozens of steel items, which have also been supplied to nuclear plants worldwide, were produced by the Japan Casting and Forging Company (JCFC), a joint venture of three of that nations biggest defense contractors, including Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (MHI) and Nippon Steel and Sumitomo Metals. Its industrial base in Kitakyushu on the southern island of Kyushu was a major hub of weapons production by Yawata, the forerunner of Nippon Steel, which supplied the Imperial Navy, including the armor for the super-battleship Yamato, and Mitsubishi Aircraft, which built the Zero attack plane. The list of defective steel parts reveals how the allied French and Japanese nuclear industries are now joined at the hip like mutant twins. Mitsubishi and AREVA are partnered in the ATMEA third-generation PWR design program. AREVA is a shareholder in Japan Steel Works, based in northern Hokkaido, a producer of 6-ton single-cast reactor vessels. TEPCO has been allied with AREVA for the decommissioning of the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear plant. These interlocking relationships hidden under global marketing campaigns make it difficult to tell where key components are actually sourced. How did Le Creusot Forge evade detection of its defective components for more than two decades? What accounts for the chronic failure of the French and European nuclear-regulatory agencies, along with the UN watchdog IAEA, to properly inspect key parts for the worlds biggest nuclear reactors? Did defective steel have a role in innumerable accidents and leaks at nuclear plants in Japan, Britain, France and the United States? Is endemic bribery of high-ranking politicians and state bureaucrats by the energy industry at the root of a blanket cover-up of radioactive releases and equipment breakdowns at nuclear stations worldwide? While the quick answers are obvious to anyone whos not a nuclear apologist on the secret payroll, further exposure of the ugly details is important toward breaking the code of silence that grips the nuclear sector and large utility companies along with their political flunkies, who together comprise a nuclear mafia that operates exactly like an organized crime family. Meltdowns in the Works Its important to remember that AREVA and Mitsubishi represent the creme de la creme of the global nuclear industry as producers of third-generation PWRS and advanced pressurized water reactors (APWRs). Other major players are still stuck with antiquated systems such as boiling water reactors (BWRs), including Hitachi-GE, Toshiba-Westinghouse, and their Russian and Chinese competitors. These nuclear players, beset with the wreckage at Fukushima, still try to redeem their horrid performance record with slick graphics and fast talk, as if those meltdowns in Japan never happened. If the undisputed technology leaders are covering up hundreds of defective components, then the rest of the pack must be over their heads in production problems and technical failures. The global scale of Areva and Mitsubishis debacle is just one indicator of a grossly inefficient and incompetent global nuclear technology industry. Among the nuclear facilities stuck with shoddy components from Creusot, JCFC and Mitsubishi: Reactor vessel cover heads (RVCH, sealing below and on top of the cylindrical reactor vessel): - 15 reactor closure units in the United States; - 3 units in Sweden - 1 in Brazil - in planning, Hinkley Point in Britain, the Sinop plant in Turkey, a project in Jordan, proposed plant in Indonesia, and 10 planned reactors in Vietnam. Steam Generators (SG), a high-pressure chamber that powers the electricity turbines: - 15 units in France; - 10 units in Belgium, now under guard due to terrorist threats; - 6 units in Mexico JCFC channel heads, which move coolant water into the steam-pressure unit: - 18 reactor vessels at 9 nuclear plants in France; - 13 reactor vesselss at 6 nuclear plants in Japan, including two restarted Mitsubishi reactors at Kyushu Electrics restarted and operational Satsuma-Sendai plant, located near several faults. JCFC also produces 5-ton reactor vessels, which are cast as single block and not welded as in the more vulnerable Chinese and Russian designs. The durability of these PWR vessels, which operate under high temperature and pressure, has been fundamentally challenged by the rapid breech of the much heavier and thicker-walled boiling waters reactors at Fukushima. Mitsubishi had planned to install neutron reflectors to raise efficiency while limiting high-speed particle damage to APWR reactor vessels, but has so far failed to admit how these reflectors can act like beryllium mirrors that intensify chain reactions inside nuclear bombs. Notably, the U.S. Department of Energy withdrew its participation in Mitsubishi APWR development immediately after the Fukushima reactor meltdowns, which proved that nuclear reactors are bombs waiting to be detonated. Zones of Weakness Suspecting quality-control problems at the Flamandville project, lAutorite de Surete Nucleaire (ASN), or French nuclear safety authority, in 2014 ordered AREVA to conduct material tests on its steel components. That occurred seven years after the E-PWR project was started at the existing nuclear plant site in view of Jersey and Guernsey islands and located on the same peninsula as Calais. In April 2015, the ASN announced: The results of these tests revealed the presence of a zone in which there was a high carbon concentration, leading to lower than expected mechanical toughness values. Initial measurements confirmed the presence of this anomaly in the reactor vessel head and reactor vessel bottom head of the Flamanville European Pressurized Reactor (EPR). That is bad news indeed, since it was the top head that got blown off at the Fukushima Dai-ichi No.3 reactor on March 15, 2011, sending a mushroom cloud into the jet stream moving toward North America while showering cascades of metallic micro-pellets containing radioactive isotopes over northern Japan. The bottom head plates of all three melted-down reactors at Fukushima were breached, allowing molten uranium and plutonium to flow like lava into the soil below the plant and subsequently releasing an unstoppable stream of radioactive isotopes into the Pacific Ocean to cause the greatest extinction event in human history. Even though nuclear engineers predict most criticality events in civilian reactors to be less damaging than the Fukushima catastrophe,, the vulnerability of the vessel heads is a serious threat that can wipe out all of Frances agricultural and livestock production overnight, as well as pose a lasting threat to public health across Europe. Chernobyl is proof of that. Not Quite Carbon Copies The mechanical lab tests on the Creusot heads showed 0.22 percent of carbon content in the steel alloy, significantly higher than the 0.16 limit. While a variance of 0.06 percent may not seem like much, it could mean the difference between a near-accident and a reactor breach that ends in a total meltdown. Carbon is the prevalent alloy in the steel-making process. A higher carbon content forms stronger bonds with steel atoms by creating a cubic cage-like structure. As shown in carbon-steel knives, however, an increasing amount of carbon makes hardened steel more brittle. In contrast, low carbon steel is softer but also more ductile. Malleability or toughness (as in resilience) is desirable in pots, kettles and nuclear reactors, since these vessels must expand when heated and shrink while cooled, without breakage or fracturing after repeated use. Pressurized water reactors operate at temperatures of more than 300 Celsius and internal pressures of about one metric ton per square inch. In event of an uncontrolled nuclear reaction, however, both temperature and pressure can rise rapidly. There can also be an additional threat from the Wigner effect of neutron bombardment, which blows apart iron atoms in the crystal matrix of steel. Inside pockmarked steel, radioactive releases hasten a reactor breach. Under sufficient heat and cooling, steel anneals, or rebuilds its crystal structure. But that will not happen during a meltdown due to rising internal temperatures, as shown at Fukushima, ad water-cooling becomes a futile gesture once a reactor is holed. A folk saying often wrongly attributed to King Richard III goes: For want of a nail the shoe was lost. for want of a shoe the horse was lost, for want of a horse the rider was lost . . . and so on to the loss of a kingdom. The global nuclear industry is now suffering an avalanche of losses due to a minuscule surplus of 0.06 percent of carbon in steel, sparking a change of events that threatens the future of nuclear power. Complicated Traceability The only publicly stated recommendation from the French nuclear authority was to install a mechanical analysis laboratory inside the Creusot Forge facility in the Saone-et-Loire district. A modern engineering facility like Creusot already has equipment with computer controls and monitoring systems, which have failed to solve the carbon anomalies. Technology may have reached the limits of materials science, and the brittleness program may not be fixable. Omitted from the ASN safety review, AREVA, Le Creusot Forge, JCFC or Mitsubishi is any mention of the underlying cause of the potentially dangerous anomaly in the carbon content of steel components. Exactly where and when in the production process does the metallurgical ratio structure of steel become inconsistent? For people unfamiliar with steel-making, a basic perception problem is rooted in the assumption that steel is impermeable. At the nano-level, however, the lattice of iron is a sponge-like material, which allows passage of gases like oxygen (the cause of rust) and carbon monoxide (which depletes rust). Despite its limitations, no other metal can match the strength and cost-effectiveness of steel. In the steel-making process, carbon is released inside a blast furnace by burning coke, a porous form of coal after its impurities have been removed by intense heat. The burning coke melts the pellets of ion ore. Carbon monoxide gas from coke combustion is reductive(removes oxygen) and restores iron oxide (rust) back into pig iron. Then oxygen is introduced to bond with the carbon monoxide to form carbon dioxide, which is then removed from the blast furnace. In the next phase, oxygen lowers carbon levels inside the steel, emitting more carbon dioxide, leaving the end product of low-carbon steel with fairly uniform consistency. It is not possible to maintain uniformity of carbon content through many rounds of reheating. The steel block is repeatedly heated for hot forging, which involves heavy-duty hammering of the metal after it becomes ductile in a gas-fired oven. The forging required for curved reactor vessel covers and channel heads likely puts sufficient stress on the steel to displace carbon atoms. The final results can be affected by the uneven contours of the object and differing densities of the metal, especially where it has been heavily forged, potentially causing displacement of carbon into denser clusters. That at least is a plausible explanation for the carbon anomalies as opposed to the closed-mouth silence from the nuclear industry, which has been totally unable to explain why it produces hundreds of types of products with metallurgical flaws. There are possible industrial design solutions to this morass of failed production techniques, but thats none of my business. Then again, there may be no solution to the fundamental problem of carbon drift in steel-making, at least nothing that is within reasonable cost to a nuclear industry already beset by 300-percent contact overruns at Flamanville. Qualifications at Question Who am I to impudently challenge the entire nuclear establishment over issues of quality-control that are heading toward another Fukushima-scale disaster? One does not have to be a genius to figure out whats wrong with the nuclear industry. My blue-collar competence comes from being a former licensed welder and a millwright (an equipment fixer) at U.S. Steel Southworks in Chicago and also in the seamless tube mill at Republic Steel in Gary, Indiana, where products of large dimension on a massive scale were produced from molten steel to build oil tankers and the Alaska pipeline. Working in the industry can inspire cynicism about corporate assurances of product quality. Once on the midnight shift at the 92-inch plate mill, I witnessed an entire train of defective inch-thick steel clanking back to the steelworks. Instead of lining a super-tanker, the vast stacks of brittle metal was left to rust in a huge pile of scrap. Inspection reports were routinely fudged or completely faked to placate the corporate bosses, whod do anything to fill an order to earn revenues for the near-bankrupt facility. On the other hand, there were outstanding moral examples of otherwise unheralded team leaders and champions of workers rights, but thats another story, which the latecomer to Southside Chicago named Barack Obama knows nothing about. The nearly century-old mill, a vast maze of wreckage on the shore of Lake Michigan where long ore ships from open-pit mines in Minnesota docked, was littered with giant ingots glowing red as they set to cool, the only trustworthy source of heat against the icy winter gusts. Despite the constant risks of injuries and accidental death, metalwork was still practiced as an art by older workers at the fire-spewing ovens, as they judged the readiness of steel in its stages by noticing subtle changes in its glowing hue, faint differences in the smell of its fumes, and the onset of scintillating sparks. My knowledge of steel actually began before then as a weekend blacksmith during university days, when I helped my welding instructor set up forges in an old barn near the rocky site of the fateful war dance of The Prophet Tenskwatawa who emboldened Chief Tecumsahs Shawnee warriors against the encroaching 4th U.S. Infantry in the Indiana territory during the year prior to the War of 1812. Blood and steel on the land that was once the worlds greatest stand of hardwood forest, since decimated down to flat fields of gene-modified corn and soybeans. Although a power hammer was installed in the beamed barn with hard effort, the dull mechanical beast was rarely used since nothing could match the ring of a hammer dropping in rhythmic cadence onto red-hot metal over an anvil. At the forge, my hand turned the rotary bellows to raise blue flames out of the self-made coke, while my eyes stared into that fiery cradle of every civilization that has ever risen and fallen since the start of the Iron Age, from the Hittites and the Mycenaeans of Homer, the Aryan realm of Zoroaster to the Mauryan Empire of the Buddhist king Asoka, to ancient China, Rome, the Arab world and Europe, and culminating in the Industrial Revolution, on down to that very hour when B-52s were mercilessly pummeling Vietnam with tons of ordnance. Steel holds the power over life and death, crafted into swords or ploughshares, and therefore must be imbued with virtue and justice, as pledged by every master swordmaker and authentic gunsmith. Only in our time has a crazed pseudo-scientific priesthood willfully and foolishly violated the sacred union of fire and metal, so that their abominable faith in atom-splitting can be proven in a false cosmology disguised as scientific theory, while bringing devastation upon humanity, from Hiroshima and Nagasaki to Chernobyl and Fukushima, and on until their abuse of technology ends with the total extinction of life on this planet. The demented cult of nuclear believers have since thrown their support behind Shinzo Abe, a minion of the apocalyptic guru of the Aum Shinrikyo cult and his predecessor, the founder of Sukyo Mahikari, Yoshikazu Okada. In an exhortation that resonates in todays defect-ridden global nuclear industry, the militarist Okada urged his followers to plant nuclear bombs everywhere, and to occasionally detonate an atomic explosion to keep lesser peoples in fear and servitude. Every reactor is a time bomb ticking down to zero hour. That heinous injunction, which explains the murderous secrecy of Japans nuclear industry, and for that matter of the entire global nuclear sector, is the only explanation for the installation of defective reactors in more and more countries. Intentional or not, their common endgame is mass death through the spread of radioactivity, sending a plague of cancer everywhere and afterthe Fukushima meltdowns the start of a global extinction event. Theirs is the mad vision of the Final War preached by Shoko Asahara, now apparently pardoned of the death penalty for his role in the gassing 20,000 subway commuters at the morning rush hour in Tokyo, that opening act in this last harvest of souls. Against grotesque lies of the deceivers, along with public indifference and mental servitude, rusted metal must be purged with fire. After iron is refined in smoke and purified in flames to become steel, and metal rod is hammered into blade, then as a thin blue wave ripples toward the tapered edge, ready for quenching with a thrust into cold water, the sword is tempered. Honest men will rise and step forward to their calling so that life might triumph over evil.",0
4958,Infamous War Criminal Henry Kissinger Elected to Russian Academy of Sciences - Christof Lehmann,"Originally appeared at Nsnbc International 
Academy member Boris Chetverushkin, on Friday, stated that former U.S. Secretary of State and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Dr. Henry Kissinger has been elected to the Russian Academy of Sciences along with another six Nobel Prize laureates. 
The other Nobel Prize winners elected to the Russian Academy of Sciences include Serge Haroche and Martinus Veltman (physics); Roger D. Kornberg, Jean-Pierre Sauvage and Dan Shechtman (chemistry); Kenneth J. Arrow (economy). Kissinger was also elected to the Academy for his “global studies”. 
The now 93-year-old Dr. Henry Kissinger, 93, is one of the authors of the policy of ‘d·tente” in the US-Soviet relations. In 1993 he won the Nobel Peace Prize for his role in negotiating and reaching the Paris Accord aimed at ending the war against / in Vietnam. Kissinger also has many US State awards, including the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest US civilian decoration, awarded to individuals who have made an outstanding contribution to the security or national interests of the United States, world peace, cultural or other significant public or private endeavors. 
In latter years after withdrawing from “official” politics, Kissinger promoted the image that he now was focusing on “writing memoirs”, articles, books on foreign policy and diplomacy, including his works “Nuclear Weapons and Foreign Policy”; “The White House Years” and “Does America Need a Foreign Policy?” 
During the onset of the crisis in Ukraine Kissinger also wrote a lengthy article suggesting the “Finlandization” of the Ukraine, but without mentioning a word about the systematic engineering of the “crisis” by U.S. power-brokers. Kissinger may or may not have stopped being a “swinger”, but as he once said, “power is the ultimate aphrodisiac”. He may have withdrawn from “official” politics but he never removed himself far from “power”. 
When the administration of George W. Bush had to cave in to pressure to launch an investigation into the events on September 11, 2001, it suggested that Dr. Henry Kissinger lead the 9/11 Commission. Kissinger had to withdraw when some of the bereaved “Jersey Girls” asked Kissinger if his company, by any chance, had members of the Bin Laden family among its clients. An actual “criminal” investigation into 9/11 took never place and leading members of the 9/11 Commission have since written that it was “set up to fail” from the start. 
Ironically, Kissinger has also been one of the main architects of the U.S. policy that led to the bloody coup in Chile, on September 11, 1973. A coup that inspired many then young people (like this author) in Latin America and in the West to organize a militant resistance. The overthrow of Salvador Allende was followed by sixteen years of terror. 
Kissinger also played key roles in Argentina’s “dirty war”, marked by mass“disappearances” with bodies of “dissidents” dumped into the ocean from helicopters, dumped into mass graves, and many of those who lived to tell the tale were marked by the trauma of physical and psychological torture for the remainder of their lives. 
The U.S. “policy”, in Latin America, of which Kissinger was a main architect, would also spill over into, and spill blood in Colombia, Venezuela, Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador and Nicaragua. 
Dr. Kissinger’s “rap sheet” is far too long to publish in one news article, but one may want to read the book of the late journalist Christopher Hitchens wrote about Kissinger in his book entitled “The Trial of Henry Kissinger”. 
Hitchens diligently documented Kissinger’s involvement in a number of alleged war crimes in Indochina (Vietnam – Laos – Cambodia), Bangladesh, Chile, Cyprus and East Timor. Hitchens made a compelling case for the need to prosecute Dr. Henry Kissinger. 
The Russian Academy of Sciences, for its part, has arguably made two brilliant points by electing Kissinger. It has provided additional evidence for the fact that Academies of Science, worldwide, are instruments of politicized science comparable to a Caliphate being a marriage of State and religion. It has also proven that utilitarianism at the Russian Academy of Sciences outweighs scientific, moral and ethical imperatives.",0
4959,"Peter Schweizer: Business Dealings of President Trump’s Son-in-Law ‘Worrisome,’ Should Be ‘Monitored with Great Intensity’","On Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily, guest Peter Schweizer talked about President Trump’s    Jared Kushner, and his role in the controversy over meetings between Trump transition team members and various foreign interests. [On Wednesday, Kushner Cos. and the Anbang Insurance Group of China reportedly agreed to end talks about securing investment in an office tower on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. The deal had been criticized as an effort by the Chinese to win favor with the Trump administration.  “The biggest concern that I’ve had is whether Jared Kushner, whether it’s the president’s sons who are running the real estate business, that they are going to be offered or they are going to seek out sweetheart deals with foreign government entities  —   Chinese, Russian, Kazakhstan, you name it,” Schweizer told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow. “That’s where the vulnerability is, because they will make a killing financially, and a foreign entity will then gain leverage or favors from the Trump administration,” he said. “These things are very worrisome. Again, there’s no deals that seem to have been sealed, and there’s no evidence that there have been financial transfers,” he noted. “But this needs to be monitored  —   and monitored, I think, with great intensity because this has been a repeated pattern in American politics. ” Peter Schweizer is a senior editor at large for Breitbart News, president of the Government Accountability Institute, and author of the   Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
4961,Student Petitions for School’s Name Change: Slave Owner James Madison’s Name Means Black Students ‘Unsafe’ - Breitbart,"A student at James Madison Memorial High School in Madison, Wisconsin is seeking to change the name of the school, citing that President James Madison was a slave owner, a fact she says makes the school “unsafe” for black students. [Mya Berry, a senior, says the fact that President James Madison inherited slaves, along with his Montpelier plantation, from his father means her school  —   which, like the city of Madison, Wisconsin, is named after the fourth U. S. president  —   is hostile to black students, reports the Capital Times.  In a change. org petition, which currently has nearly 1, 500 supporters, Berry states: The significance of this name in association with my school has a negative effect on memorials black students. The lack of representation I feel in this school makes me feel more than unsafe. I do not feel supported by the majority of staff at memorial, especially considering the fact that I’ve gotten called n word multiple times, along with having an individual threaten me by telling me they would lynch me. Berry continues in her petition that when race is discussed at school, she is “told my perspective is just an opinion, and not anything valid to take into consideration. ” “With all the injustice I and others face in James Madison Memorial High School, do you truly think it’s appropriate to glorify a man that enslaved my ancestors?” she writes, adding that another reason to remove Madison’s name from the school is the “education disparity” between white and black students. Berry also told the Capital Times she has never reported incidents in which she was allegedly threatened because she did not feel comfortable doing so. She also said the incidents did not happen over the course of the current school year. “At the time, I didn’t feel safe. I didn’t know who to reach out to. Now that I’m a senior and I’ve become more comfortable speaking out, I’ve told more people about it,” she said. “I feel like faculty overhear injustice and they know it’s wrong. Some of them don’t speak up, and that adds to the unsafe environment. ” James Madison High principal Jay Affeldt said he was unaware of Berry’s issues. “I have met and will continue to meet with Ms. Berry and other student leaders to discuss how we can best move forward to have this dialog as a larger school community in a safe and healthy way,” he told the Capital Times. “Also, I do not believe the specific incidents mentioned in the petition were ever reported to school staff, and I am trying to learn more about these incidents from Ms. Berry. ” “It’s important to me that every student feels safe, and we take all reports of hurtful behavior very seriously,” he said.",0
4962,French Politician Blames UK Welfare System For Calais Jungle Crisis,"Posted on October 26, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in News , UK // 0 Comments French authorities hope to clear all immigrants from the Calais jungle by Wednesday. 
A French politician says the dismantling of the camp will have no effect on the thousands of refugees who seek to cross the channel to England for its generous welfare system. 
RT.com reports: 
Philippe Mignonet, the deputy mayor of Calais, believes the demolition of the ‘Jungle’ refugee camp will not stop the thousands of migrants from congregating in the French port town in the hope of crossing the English Channel. 
“ The UK government says it does not want any more migrants but it never expels migrants who get there, ” Mignonet told the Daily Mail . 
“ They claim benefits and housing, and all we get is the British-funded wall and fences. ” 
For Mignonet, the £2 million (US$2.4 million) British-funded wall being built around the loading area of the Eurotunnel, which allows goods trucks to come from France into Britain, is simply not enough. 
“ What English city would accept a fence and a wall being built by another country on their land? If the British government want to improve matters, they should come and talk to the city of Calais, ” he added. 
Mignonet invited Prime Minister Theresa May to visit the town, and even offered to give her a covert ride from the airport. 
“ I have a car with dark windows, so she doesn’t have to be seen, ” Mignonet said. 
“ Calais was once part of England, and we have often worked together in the past. We can work together again. The people of Britain made their choice about Brexit, and some of those choices mean they will face difficulty, but putting walls and fences up here is not right. ” 
The wall, which is seen as a blight on the coastal town, could also affect the price of the land once occupied by the Jungle camp, which will soon be ready for private development. 
“ This is at the door of England, and near to the shuttle terminal for trucks, ” Mignonet said. “ What better place for British businesses to come? ” 
Tighter border 
The British public appears unmoved by French concerns. A new poll suggests most Brits would rather see their borders tightly secured than stay in the single market. 
According to a poll commissioned by ITV, 58 percent of Brits approve of May’s Brexit strategy of prioritizing immigration controls over the negotiation of the UK’s access to the single market. Only a quarter were against. 
Just over 40 percent of those asked insisted EU trade benefits should be prioritized throughout the divorce. However, a similar Sky News poll found the opposite to be the case. 
A breakdown of the data, however, showed twice as many older Brits support May’s ‘hard Brexit’ and immigration control policies as the younger demographic.",0
4963,He’ll Be Back? Schwarzenegger Reportedly Mulling Run for Senate,"Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is reportedly considering a run for U. S. Senate in 2018, when incumbent Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) is said to be considering retirement. [Several media outlets report that Schwarzenegger, who recently raised his profile with a series of Twitter clashes with President Donald Trump, is thinking of   the political fray after several years’ absence.  Politico’s Carla Marinucci reports: “The prospect of Schwarzenegger’s return to elected politics in a 2018 U. S. Senate run  —   possibly as an independent  —   is generating increasing buzz in state Republican circles, fueled by the former governor’s seeming ability to get under the skin of President Donald Trump on social media. ” Schwarzenegger also opposed Trump in the Republican presidential primary, backing Ohio governor John Kasich instead. If elected, Schwarzenegger could pose a significant opposition threat to the Trump administration on issues such as climate change. California’s controversial    system was introduced under Schwarzenegger’s administration. However, Schwarzenegger will have to confront his own political record along the way. Though he was   to a second term in 2006, Schwarzenegger is mostly remembered for leaving the state in a fiscal mess after abandoning the reform agenda that brought him to office in the first place. The East Bay Times recalls: The Republican governor’s approval ratings fluctuated while he was in office and were as high as 63 percent in March 2007. But five months after he left office, a Field Poll found that three of four California voters surveyed had a negative image of Schwarzenegger in the wake of revelations he had fathered a boy with a former household staff member while married to TV journalist Maria Shriver. Whether he runs as an independent or as a Republican, Schwarzenegger would face stiff competition from a long line of California Democrats who have been waiting, patiently, to angle for Feinstein’s seat. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
4965,California Ready for Single-Payer Insurance ... But Who’s Going to Pay for It? - Breitbart,"In California, after the state robs the taxpayers of their last pennies, apparently more money just falls out of the sky. [That must be the conclusion reached by a California state senate committee that passed a $400 billion universal healthcare proposal Thursday with no funding plan. Yes, that’s 400 billion with a B, which is more than twice the annual budget for the entire state.  Sen. Ricardo Lara (  Gardens) introduced SB 562, which calls for a sweeping overhaul of the state’s health insurance market. His committee passed the bill with a   vote, clearing the way for it to be taken up on the Senate floor next week. But Lara has yet to reveal a plan about how the state would come up with the money to provide health care to California’s nearly 40 million residents, including illegal immigrants. But in California, who cares about funding mechanisms? There’s still that $68 billion “bullet train” out there going nowhere. The state doubled down on increasing services for illegals after President Donald Trump pledged to tighten the nation’s borders. And just last month, the state legislature decided to levy even more taxes on gasoline purchases, as Californians will be paying $1 in taxes for every gallon of gas. And Democratic Gov. Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown had the audacity to lecture the taxpayers who complained about the added burden as “freeloaders. ” But this latest   whopper might be a bit too much for even Brown and California’s Democrats, who own a supermajority in both the state senate and assembly, to swallow. Then again, maybe they believe in unicorns. Lara told the Sacramento Bee that he thinks it’s possible to come up with a sustainable funding mechanism that doesn’t overtax people and guarantees coverage for all. He never mentioned how. Lara said in a statement: Republicans in Congress voted to strip healthcare from 23 million people without a hearing or a fiscal analysis. We have already held two hearings and had an analysis, and I will be introducing a plan to pay for this program and cover every Californian. With Republicans determined to take away people’s healthcare, we can’t afford to wait. Part of Lara’s rush is to appease a progressive base that’s never shy about spending other people’s money. RoseAnn DeMoro, executive director of the California Nurses Association, offered a   tirade at a rally for SB562 that ridiculed those who wanted a fiscal analysis as engaging in “ *** talk. ” California’s Republican legislators  —   what’s left of them  —   wondered out loud if their Democratic colleagues would eventually come to their senses. “We’re thinking about it as a concept that we’re going to pass without any detail,” Patricia Bates (  Niguel) told the Bee. “I hope at some point rational thinking kicks in and we’re not just driven by this lobbying effort. Good policy doesn’t come out of intimidation. ” Don’t hold your breath. Follow Samuel Chi on Twitter @ThePlayoffGuru.",0
4966,“Violent Revolution If Trump Lets Them Down”: People Remain Poised for Angry Revolt – Roberts,"
“Revolution is probably the only solution.”
That seems to be the conclusion of Paul Craig Roberts, a respected member of Reagan’s Administration and former Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.
The crisis has simply been building.
Like others, Dr. Roberts highlights the promises of Donald Trump and the reasons behind his sweeping populist victory.
However, he warns that if Trump “pulls an Obama” and sells out the people to whom he has promised change, violent revolution will likely be the result – because the rage against the machine is “permanent.”
He told the Richie Allen Show :
Paul Craig Roberts: “The good thing about the election is it showed the American people could defeat the establishment; it could defeat the oligarchs; it could defeat their candidate. So that is a good thing; it shows that the people finally woke up. They understood that a lot was at risk. They were not being served by the government – and the fact that they realized this. They are not as insouciant as they have been. They are more aware. They were determined; they were not influenced by the propaganda against Trump. And so that’s what’s good, and this will stay. I think this will be permanent.
Now if Trump pulls and Obama and sells them out, the question is will they get demoralized and give up, or do they get more angry and the next time we see a bloody revolution. You know, sometimes, when you had so much corruption – in the United States, every institution is totally corrupt, everyone. The oligarchy have corrupted everything. When you get so much corruption, sometimes you can’t have a change without bloodshed. People have to die. 
Richie Allen: “And you’re a pacifist.”
Roberts: “Our founding fathers were aware of this. Thomas Jefferson was explicit about it. So what we may see if Trump is blocked or he gives up or nothing can happen, people they could just give up or they could just get angry.” 
Why? Because people are fed up with the establishment, hungry for change and too desperate to ignore the crisis they are in.
The economic situation alone has driven the masses to the edge. Without a decent standard of living and a secure place in or near the middle class, things are going to be unstable and ripe for a volatile chemical reaction .
Although Paul Craig Roberts statements seem alarming, they are in line with everything that has been happening economically, and secondarily politically, for the past several cycles and through the entire Obama presidency.
Watch the full interview via The Richie Allen Show :
Paul Craig Roberts “The People Spoke But We’ll Have Violent Revolution
If Trump Lets Them Down!” 

History proves that things are teetering towards revolution, and if a President Trump doesn’t offer satisfaction, then people may very likely turn towards their only remaining alternative. Allen : “So we could see more than civil disobedience, we could see violence.”
Roberts : “I think it only could be violence, because if you try to do civil disobedience, you’re individually acting and you have no protection, but violence requires large numbers and there’s protection in numbers. If I tell them, ‘I’m not having anything to do with you, I’m not paying my taxes,’ they’ll just come pick me up. But there’s tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions saying, ‘Screw you, we’re going to kill you’, you can’t pick them up.” 
“And so, I think that if – you see, look, Richie, everyone needs to understand this. The living standards of the average American have collapsed. All this b.s. about America being rich, and they’re always so wonderful and the streets are paved with gold, but it’s all B.S. For 20, 30 years the living standards have been collapsing – since the Clinton regime. Collapsing. We have half of the 25 year old Americans living at home with their parents because they cannot get employment that lets them have an independent existence. They cannot pay their rent. We have huge numbers of university graduates suffocated by student loans. They can’t get jobs that let them pay the loans off. We have more people aged 24 through 34 years of age living at home with their parents than living independently.”
“There are no good jobs created. The jobs reports, to the extent that they aren’t just fabricated, they are part-time, low-pay jobs without any benefits. No pension. No health benefits. They country, the people are being destroyed. The retired people have had no interest income on their savings for eight years – they’re having to draw down the money they expected to produce an income to see them through their retirement. People are suffering. They can’t buy houses – if you can’t form a household, you can’t buy a house. You can’t buy home furnishings, appliances.”
“The whole economy is hurt. So it’s a really serious economic situation. The domestic market is almost non-existent; it can’t grow because there’s no income growth for anybody except the 1% – and there’s a limit to how much the 1% can consume. So the economic situation is very bad. There’s debt everywhere. Individuals don’t have any discretionary income – except for a very few. And so that type of situation, if it worsens, at some point people say ‘I can’t survive… I’ve nothing to lose’. […] This is a situation here. We’re talking about the United States is degenerating into a third world country.”
This is not just a question of Trump’s performance, qualifications or ego in office.
This is a systematic problem that spans decades of the American history. The Clintons and Bushes are symptoms of that problem, and the system underestimated the intense angry and dissatisfaction against those entrenched oligarchs and elites.
However, as Paul Craig Roberts makes clear earlier in his interview here , Trump faces a significant threat of being undermined by his “advisors,” staff, cabinet appointments and so forth, particularly if they are loyal to the establishment, as nearly every ‘experienced’ individual in these positions seems to be.
Neocons and the like could swiftly pervert yet another “change” administration into an establishment cover operation for the continuity of their control system. Indeed, even with the best of intentions, Trump faces an uphill battle at overturning the status quo. Indeed, the system may well be plotting to unleash a new wave of economic decline that they can blame him for, and break the dam of unrest that has been swelling.
The larger storm is still brewing. Roberts argued in his column, ‘ The working class won the election ‘ that:
The US presidential election is historic, because the American people were able to defeat the oligarchs. Hillary Clinton, an agent for the Oligarchy, was defeated despite the vicious media campaign against Donald Trump. This shows that the media and the political establishments of the political parties no longer have credibility with the American people. 
It remains to be seen whether Trump can select and appoint a government that will serve him and his goals to restore American jobs and to establish friendly and respectful relations with Russia, China, Syria, and Iran.
It also remains to be seen how the Oligarchy will respond to Trump’s victory. Wall Street and the Federal Reserve can cause an economic crisis in order to put Trump on the defensive, and they can use the crisis to force Trump to appoint one of their own as Secretary of the Treasury.
[…] We won’t know what to expect until we see who are the Secretaries and Assistant Secretaries. If it is the usual crowd, we will know Trump has been captured.
[…] If Trump is advised to be conciliatory, to hold out his hand, and to take the establishment into his government, the American people will again be disappointed. In a country whose institutions have been so completely corrupted by the Oligarchy, it is difficult to achieve real change without bloodshed. 
The post-election riots against Trump, the Black Lives Matter protests that have pitted police against inner-city people of color and the quieter exercises for martial law and the containment of a domestic uprising all prove that the elite understand what is coming, and while they may have no way to stop it altogether, they may succeed in steering it into meaningless fights and divisions which they can use as a buffer.
Economic devastation and the collapse of the system means that literally tens of millions of people will have nothing left to lose , and nothing better to turn to than mob revolt.
Beware of what’s coming, prepare for long periods of instability and roaming violence, and pray that the system corrects for the benefit of the people of this country once again.
Read more: 

“The Second American Revolution Is Happening” – U.S. Intelligence Agencies Have Started A Counter Coup Against Clinton 
“It Is Really Hard To Argue With Trump About This”: Face It, America Is In Decline 
“Revolt of the Elites”: Society Is Divided, Self-Absorbed and Powerless to Stop Them 
Triggers For Revolt: Rising Resource Costs Escalate Odds of Global Unrest 
Who Are The “Deplorables” And Why Do They Refuse To Be Trampled Upon? 
",0
4967,How Conservative Sites Turn Celebrity Despair on Its Head - The New York Times,"Throughout this bitter election campaign, liberal celebrities like Lady Gaga, Jennifer Lawrence, Lena Dunham and   Miranda used their powerful media platforms to sing Hillary Clinton’s praises. Now they’ve invited their online followers to join them in processing her loss and protesting the impending administration of Donald J. Trump. “I want to live in a #CountryOfKindness where #LoveTrumpsHate,” Lady Gaga wrote on Twitter the day after the election. She added a photo of herself at a protest outside Trump Tower in Manhattan, where she had climbed onto a truck in a strapless black jumpsuit and raised a   sign. While the angry tweets, therapeutic Instagram testimonials and fiery speeches may comfort their fans, these   celebrities are also inadvertently energizing the opposition. Conservative news outlets  —   most notably Breitbart News Network, the   populist enclave  —   are perfecting the art of sapping Democratic stars’ name recognition and repurposing their words and actions into   material. The enormous reach that celebrities enjoy, and the privileged bubble they live in, is wielded against them here, refashioned as evidence of the outsize control that the rich and famous have over regular Americans. This new battle in the culture wars is being waged not by bombastic,     commentators like Rush Limbaugh, but by nimble, often nameless online aggregators who quickly churn through popular culture and throw the most evocative stories to their readers, often without much commentary. All it takes is a pointed headline, an unflattering photo and a few   (and real) quotes. Like this: “Lady Gaga Protests on Sanitation Truck Outside Trump Tower,” read Breitbart’s headline for its article on her tweet. America is divided by its politics, its media, and as this election made even clearer, by its celebrity influencers. In the weeks before the election, the “Avengers” director Joss Whedon booted up his own online public service announcement factory, Save the Day, and recruited stars like Robert Downey Jr. Don Cheadle and Scarlett Johansson to churn out web videos for Mrs. Clinton. Katy Perry, America Ferrera, LeBron James and Beyoncé joined Democratic candidate at rallies. And when Vice   Mike Pence caught a performance of the Broadway hit “Hamilton” on Friday, one of the show’s stars addressed him on behalf of “the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us. ” No offense to Paris Hilton and Pat Boone, but the   doesn’t have the biggest stars on his side. Instead, Breitbart mostly uses its culture pages to aim spitballs at Hollywood lefties. As part of its coverage of what it calls Big Hollywood, the glamour of celebrities becomes grist for the site’s overarching narrative about the corrosive influence of the cultural elite. The image Ms. Dunham posted to Instagram of a restorative trip to Sedona, Ariz. may have played as soothingly aspirational for an audience concentrated with young, coastal women, but to Breitbart’s demo, under the headline “‘Grieving’ Lena Dunham Seeks Answers in Arizona Wilderness After Trump Win,” it looks like a damning shot of a celebrity who decided to jet into a red state for a quirky vacation retreat. As the “Hamilton” controversy raged, prodded by Mr. Trump’s demand that the cast apologize to Mr. Pence, Breitbart pointedly reminded readers of the private   Mr. Miranda hosted for Mrs. Clinton during the campaign, where ticket prices ranged from $2, 700 to $100, 000. And just like that, a celebrity speaking out against Mr. Trump becomes a point in his defense. Breitbart’s postelection Hollywood coverage appears largely to be a cool cataloging of aggrieved celebrities, including Rick Ross (who just dropped a video for the song “Free Enterprise,” which includes a lyric that makes reference to assassinating Mr. Trump). Beneath the surface of these articles, though, is subtle signaling at work. A piece about a postelection Vice essay by Jennifer Lawrence, in which she railed against the barriers still facing women in the workplace, includes an underhanded accolade about her: She was “recently named the   actress in Hollywood for the second straight year. ” This recent headline  —   “‘Depressed’ Robert De Niro: Trump Election Makes Me ‘Feel Like I Did After  ’”  —   packs a   punch, pairing the image of a pathetic, weepy liberal with a flip attitude toward terrorism. Breitbart’s article on the Hamilton   titled “Tolerance: ‘Hamilton’ Cast Lectures Mike Pence From Broadway Stage,” is threaded with buzzwords  —   tolerance, lectures, Broadway  —   that cast liberals as elite, pedantic hypocrites.  While Breitbart produces its share of original content  —   it ran an essay by Ann Coulter ridiculing whining celebrities last week  —   most of the conservative media outlets doing this work are scrappy, spammy and surprisingly banal. On Regated, a   conservative aggregator, the “Hamilton” incident was inflated into a   class war: “Just like clockwork, the rich elitist liberals come out to mock the poor. Hamilton cast members along with other liberals took to Twitter to mock and bully the less fortunate people in America. ” But much of the text generated by these sites is barely politicized. The conservative online outlet Patriotic Folks recently aggregated quotes from a Lady Gaga essay, published in Harper’s Bazaar, about how she was “depressed and hurt” about Mr. Trump’s remarks about women, and worked in just a whiff of commentary: “Women are fighting for their lives because of the leaked ‘Access Hollywood’ tape where Donald Trump makes lewd comments, or at least that’s what Lady Gaga thinks. ” Highlighting words like “hurt” and “depressed” works like a   conservative dog whistle, signaling to readers who want to revel in liberals’ pain or ridicule them as emotional children. Postelection, Breitbart may appear little different from any   aggregator. But the site’s greater political context, as a breeding ground for extremists, adds another layer. Breitbart is the site that boosted Stephen K. Bannon to a thought leader. (Once the site’s executive chairman, he took a leave of absence to steer Mr. Trump’s campaign and now has a top White House position.) With that in mind, an article calling attention to Ms. Dunham’s Jewish faith feels like a bone thrown to the site’s white nationalist readers. And the catalog of slighted celebrities starts to read like something of a   enemies list. The real ideological action is undertaken by the audience, whose members read between the lines of these culture pieces and then scribble in the margins. Breitbart’s two posts on Ms. Dunham have  amassed more than 10, 000 comments, including this insight: “Lena was an awesome Trump vote recruiter. ” Meanwhile, the muted Patriotic Folks piece on Lady Gaga soon migrated to a   Facebook page that reaches millions, Make America Great Today, which shared it with a baiting line, “More white women voted for Donald J. Trump than Hillary Clinton. ” Lefty celebrities have long been preaching to the choir, but they are increasingly galvanizing the other side when their chatter is rerouted into an online conservative echo chamber. A study last year by the Bowling Green State University professors David Jackson and Melissa Miller found that celebrity political statements were highly polarizing to a sample set of Ohio voters, and that no celebrity  —   not Trace Adkins, not Ted Nugent, not even Oprah  —   was likely to inspire net positive votes for his or her candidate of choice. These   aggregators make sure that any leftist celebrity’s political reach will be neutralized by a backlash from people who don’t idolize and agree with them. None of that is likely to stop celebrities from using their own soapboxes to promote their politics. But they would be smart to consider how their words will play on other platforms, too.",0
4968,Woman awarded $70M after contracting cancer from Johnson & Johnson talcum powder,"Woman awarded $70M after contracting cancer from Johnson & Johnson talcum powder 
Wednesday, November 02, 2016 by: David Gutierrez, staff writer Tags: talc , ovarian cancer , jury award (NaturalNews) Once again, a St. Louis jury has ruled that Johnson & Johnson damaged women's health by engaging in a decades-long coverup about the potential risks of talcum powder (""baby powder"") as a feminine hygiene product. On October 27, Johnson & Johnson was ordered to pay $70.1 million to Deborah Giannecchini of Modesto, California, who received an ovarian cancer diagnosis in 2012.For 40 years, Giannecchini had used Johnson & Johnson's Baby Powder to keep her genital area dry, a use promoted by the company.The main ingredient in talcum powder is talc, a mineral widely used in paints and plastics as well as cosmetics, where it is used to absorb moisture. Some evidence suggests that regular exposure to talc, particularly in the genital area, can increase the risk of ovarian cancer.The jury found Johnson & Johnson guilty of negligence for failing to warn customers of this fact. Conspiracy to conceal risks Ovarian cancer is a rare but highly lethal disease. Well-established risk factors include obesity, not having children, estrogen therapy after menopause, and a family history of ovarian or breast cancer.The evidence linking talc to ovarian cancer is compelling but not yet conclusive. The International Agency for Research on Cancer lists talc as a ""possible"" carcinogen.Among the robust studies suggesting a connection are two meta-analyses that found a roughly one-third increase in ovarian cancer risk among women who were regularly exposed to talc . The first, published in 2003, found the connection in all cases. The second, published in 2013, found it only in women who applied talc directly to the genital area.The case marks the third guilty verdict against Johnson & Johnson over this issue. St. Louis juries have previously slapped the company with $55 million and $72 million judgments.The first case was filed by the family of Jackie Fox of Birmingham, Alabama, who had died of ovarian cancer after long-term use of talcum powder. In that case, the jury found the company guilty not just of negligence, but also of ""failure to warn and conspiracy to conceal the risks of its products.""Another 2,000 lawsuits are pending. Thirty years of deception Even after the recent verdict, Johnson & Johnson continues to insist on the safety of its product, including for genital use. In its home state of New Jersey, the company has successfully gotten two lawsuits over the issue dismissed. It is appealing all three guilty verdicts from Missouri.Investors seem to believe the company will prevail. Its stock price seemed unaffected by the recent guilty verdict.Alexandra Scranton, director of science and research at Women's Voices for the Earth, has characterized Johnson and Johnson's behavior as typical of Big Pharma and other companies that go to extreme lengths to keep selling products even as evidence mounts of their dangers.Scranton said that documents uncovered during the Fox trial show that for decades, Johnson & Johnson sought to take advantage of the scientific uncertainty over the talc-ovarian cancer link, downplaying the potential risk rather than pursing a ""clearly more ethical role, to take a precautionary approach."" Indeed, Scranton notes, the company ""poured money over years into defending talc.""Among the documents revealed during the Fox case are internal memos showing that Johnson & Johnson had been preparing to be sued over the health risks of talc for 30 years. In one 1997 memo, a medical consultant warned that anyone who continued to deny a connection between ovarian cancer and genital talc use would eventually be seen as on par with tobacco companies denying a cancer link: ""denying the obvious in the face of all evidence to the contrary.""Another memo laid out a strategy to counter falling talc sales caused by health concerns by more aggressive marketing to minority communities. Sources for this article include: http://www.naturalnews.com/053112_Johnson_&_talc_ovarian_cancer.html Health Ranger Approved AquaTru Water Filter Back in Stock 
I've secured 500 units of the amazing AquaTru at $100 off for Natural News readers (while supplies last). 
Breakthrough filter removes nearly 100% of hundreds of contaminants. No plumbing needed. SHIPS TODAY .",0
4969,"Artist Says Burqa Images Challenge ’Anti-Immigrant’, ’Islamophobia’ Sentiment in Australia","The BBC has lauded an Australian photographer’s  response to what he calls a “tragic” rise in “  sentiment” in his homeland by taking the   piece of Islamic female clothing known as the burqa and using it as an art prop. [Fabian Muir started his project in 2014 after former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called for a ban on the burqa being worn on the premises of the National Parliament in Canberra. Mr. Abbott cited security concerns, calling the clothing a “fairly confronting form of attire and frankly I wish it weren’t worn”.  According to the BBC, Mr. Muir’s Urban Burqa project is a critique of “the rising far right and Islamophobia” in general and Australians who feel that immigration from Islamic countries delivers less than desirable outcomes in particular. “Tragically, [  sentiment] has only become more magnified since 2014,” Mr. Muir told the BBC, pointing to 49 per cent of Australians who, in a 2016 poll, supported a total ban on Muslims entering the country. “The refugee crisis  …     is always such an easy target for politicians. There’s always going to be a percentage of the population who swallows that because it seems like an easy solution to problems. ” Mr. Muir said Urban Burqa outlines a “cultural clash” that his art could overcome. “It’s still about simulation but there’s also a sense of confrontation and adaptation, hence this darker, edgier feel to it,” he said. All the images in his series take the burqa and place it in everyday suburban scenes, from supermarkets to subway tunnels. Mr. Muir does not give historical nor religious context to the burqa which is the most concealing of Islamic female clothing. It covers the entire face and body, leaving just a tiny mesh screen as a window to the world. The burqa is worn when a woman leaves her home and is compelled to wear it until she returns. Critics regard it as a symbol of Islamist radicalism and supremacy. Rather than a religious symbol of oppression, Mr. Fabian likes to think of the burqa as an ennobling prospect for those who wear it. He told the BBC that the last image in his series shows a woman in a burqa standing in a skate park.  “For me it’s a nice closing image, it’s optimistic  —   because of the reaching out,” he said. “[But] there’s a sense that there are a lot of barriers that have to be overcome. ”",0
4970,And the Winner of the 2016 Election Is … CANNABIS!,"By Alice Salles The 2016 U.S. election shocked everyone. But while the results did not look like anything pundits and pollsters predicted, American voters stayed mostly consistent on at least one... ",0
4971,A lawyer explains how Ariel could have got out of her contract with Ursula in The Little Mermaid,"Next Prev Swipe left/right A lawyer explains how Ariel could have got out of her contract with Ursula in The Little Mermaid 
The internet is a wonderful thing, with all kinds of information – case in point, writer and lawyer Shon Faye has provided this comprehensive account of the legal ways Ariel could have annulled her contract with Ursula The Sea Witch in Disney’s The Little Mermaid . one of the cutest/saddest things I ever did was write out the legal ways Ariel could have annulled her contract with Ursula The Sea Witch pic.twitter.com/xyaGiuXW5U",0
4972,Former Director Of National Budget Warns That Markets Will Tank After US Election,"Former Director of the Office of Management and Budget under Reagan, David Stockman, warns that regardless of who wins the US presidential election, Americans can expect the stock market to drop by... ",0
4973,Michelle Obama Warns That ‘Playing Around With A Protest Vote’ Will Lead To A Trump Win (VIDEO),"November 7, 2016 Michelle Obama Warns That ‘Playing Around With A Protest Vote’ Will Lead To A Trump Win (VIDEO)   
Speaking at Hillary Clinton’s rally in Philadelphia on the eve of the election, Michelle Obama had a warning for American voters: Choosing not to vote or casting a protest vote will put Donald Trump in the White House. 
The first lady also tried to make sure that the voters listening to her speech, whether in person or on television, understand just how important their vote really is. 
“And here’s the beauty of it all, this election is on us. It is on us. If we get out and vote tomorrow, Hillary Clinton will win,” she said. “But, if we stay home or if we play around with a protest vote, then Hillary’s opponent will win. Period. End of story.” 
“Look, it is important to understand that presidential elections are breathtakingly close. They are decided by just 5, 10, 15 votes per precinct,” she added. 
Michelle Obama’s passionate plea comes after a long and contentious campaign. Some people are convinced their vote doesn’t matter. Some people are still pouting because their favorite candidate didn’t win the primary. Others have swallowed the kool-aid and believe both candidates are the same. But Michelle Obama is right, not voting or voting for a third party candidate is the same as casting a vote for Trump. Quite frankly, there is just too much at stake for that this time around. 
Watch Michelle Obama give warn Americans about the importance of their vote, here: 
Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
4974,"Battle Over Aleppo Is Over, Russia Says, as Evacuation Deal Reached - The New York Times","BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Russia declared on Tuesday that the   battle over Aleppo, Syria’s largest city, was over, as the last remaining rebel fighters agreed to turn over their territory to the Syrian government. While   forces were moving in, United Nations officials said they were receiving multiple reports of   killings. The deal was announced just as civilians inside the rebel enclave said they had lost hope. They had spent days huddled in abandoned apartments under heavy shelling, as those with a record of opposing the government said they were bracing for arrest, conscription or death. Under the deal, evacuations were set to begin at 5 a. m. Wednesday, although the departures were delayed and there were reports of renewed shelling. Earlier on Tuesday, fears had mounted as the United Nations said it had received reports that Syrian troops or allied Iraqi militias were gunning down families in apartments and on the streets, with the toll reaching 82 civilians. Several residents said they had lost contact with relatives in those same areas, and a monitoring group, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said the number of men forced to join the army upon fleeing to government areas had reached 6, 000. And with no way to treat the wounded, bodies were piling up on the streets of the shrinking rebel territory. But then came the deal, and the shelling quieted down. Russia, Turkey and Syrian rebel groups announced that they had agreed to evacuate all of the remaining fighters to   territory, with civilians free to join them or move to   areas, leaving the whole city of Aleppo in government hands. If the deal is carried out, and all rebel fighters leave as agreed, it would mark a major turning point in Syria’s nearly   war. It would put all of the major cities along the country’s more populous western spine back under government control, though Kurdish militias and the   caliphate of the Islamic State continue to hold large areas to the east. A full evacuation from Aleppo would be the largest success of the government’s    strategy, bombing and besieging areas out of its control until fighters and residents agree to surrender. It would leave the armed opposition to the Syrian president, Bashar   in control of just one provincial capital, Idlib  —   where rebel fighters from Aleppo will be bused  —   as well as stretches of rural territory in northern and southern Syria and several other isolated patches. But the victory leaves Mr. Assad more dependent than ever on Iran and Russia, and so despised by his opponents, including many of Syria’s majority Sunnis, that they might never again accept him as a legitimate ruler. The territory he has reconquered has been won at a devastating cost, and much of the country remains in the hands of his enemies. The battle over Aleppo has been a particularly painful chapter of the war, dividing and largely destroying one of the world’s oldest and most beautiful cities, a World Heritage site, amid mounting human suffering. The eastern,   half of Aleppo had become unlivable, with rebels unable to stop the government’s indiscriminate bombing, which destroyed entire neighborhoods, let alone deliver a better life. The   districts were far less damaged, and daily life there was more normal, but residents there suffered too, from indiscriminate rebel shelling. Tens of thousands of residents  —   Russia says at least 100, 000, the United Nations puts the number at 37, 000  —   left the   districts as   forces moved in. Thousands more fled to   or   areas. The government said rebels were keeping most people inside by force some residents said in interviews that fighters had stopped them from leaving, others said they had guided them out. When the agreement was announced on Tuesday, the remaining residents  —   who just hours before had been sending what they thought were their last farewells  —   suddenly had to reckon with their mixed feelings about a bittersweet and uncertain escape. Now, it seemed, they would survive, and avoid arrest in a country where dissent can be punished by torture. Yet now they would have to leave their city, perhaps forever. “I don’t know whether to laugh or cry,” Bassem Ayoub, a longtime antigovernment activist, posted on Facebook. “My soul is leaving my body. Aleppo, my life, my life. ” Hours earlier, he and his family made an excruciating decision. His wife and children, he said, went in search of a route to   territory, hoping to fade into crowds of the displaced and not be discovered as the relatives of a man the government considers a terrorist. He stayed behind, unsure when he would see them again, but certain that if he tried to flee, he would be arrested. “Some are crying from happiness, others are sad they will no longer be able to kneel to pray in Aleppo,” said Malek, an activist who hopes to join his pregnant wife in northern Aleppo Province. “I’m sad, as well  —   I paid blood for Aleppo, but I can never again set foot here. Tyranny has won. ” Others expressed their bitterness about a revolt that started with protests for political reform but curdled as the government bombarded   neighborhoods and Islamist extremists rose to power within the insurgency. “The Islamists and love of power screwed up the revolution,” Zaher   another activist, wrote in a text message. “I lost my house, and my family are away from me. My heart is burning. ” As preparations began for the departures from eastern Aleppo, government supporters celebrated in the streets. Rebels, activists and aid workers in eastern Aleppo said they had been told that civilians and fighters could all leave and travel to   areas. That satisfied a key demand that both groups have an option to avoid going to   areas, where dissidents and medical and humanitarian workers working in   areas have been punished as terrorists. But there were still doubts and fears about whether the way out would be smooth or safe. In previous agreements, like one in Homs in 2014,   militias, angry that fighters they saw as terrorists were allowed to leave alive, have fired on evacuees. Signs of friction emerged early Wednesday in Aleppo. About 1 a. m. four hours before the 5 a. m. departures set out under the agreement, a convoy of vans carrying 70 wounded people, mostly fighters and their families, were filmed pulling out of the enclave. But a short time afterward, residents reported the convoy had been turned back by   Shiite militiamen and told it could depart after 6 a. m. There were concerns that cracks were already emerging in the deal, perhaps over tensions between Mr. Assad’s two main allies, Russia and Iran, which trains and backs   Shiite militias from Iraq and elsewhere. The deal was struck after widespread concern about the fate of civilians, with the United Nations warning of “a complete meltdown of humanity” and protests breaking out at United Nations headquarters in New York and Russian embassies in several cities, including London, Stockholm and Istanbul. Hundreds of civilians have died in the offensive the full toll is not known because the humanitarian groups that rescued and treated civilians and tracked casualties largely collapsed under fire in recent days. The United Nations said the 82 summary killings were reported in four neighborhoods  —   Bustan       and    —   and included at least 11 women and 13 children, some shot in the streets as they tried to escape, said Rupert Colville, a spokesman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights. Mr. Colville cited reports that the world body had received from reliable contacts inside and outside the city. Later on Tuesday, the United Nations Syria envoy, Staffan de Mistura, revealed new details of what officials knew of the reported killings: The dead had been shot with handguns, but it was not clear who had killed them. Russia categorically denied what the United Nations secretary general, Ban   said were “credible reports” of atrocities, including executions. Mr. Ban said the United Nations had been unable to verify the reports because the Syrian government had repeatedly denied permission to United Nations staff to monitor the evacuations and aid civilians stuck on the battlefield. Asked if there was concern that Idlib Province, where surrendering rebels and civilians from other cities have been taken, could be “the next Aleppo,” Mr. de Mistura acknowledged that grim possibility, adding, “We are working on that. ”",0
4975,Study Finds Racial Discrimination by Uber and Lyft Drivers,"Study Finds Racial Discrimination by Uber and Lyft Drivers Eric Newcomer, Bloomberg, October 31, 2016 
Drivers for Uber Technologies Inc. in Boston canceled rides for men with black-sounding names more than twice as often as for other men. Black people in Seattle using Uber and Lyft Inc. faced notably longer wait times to get paired with drivers than white customers. The findings come from a study published on Monday by researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Stanford University and the University of Washington. 
{snip} 
A new generation of technology companies have begun to grapple with how they can minimize racial discrimination. Airbnb Inc. recently released an extensive report studying racial bias on the site and proposed some changes to its policies. The home-rental company committed to offering more training for its hosts and hiring a more diverse workforce. It sent e-mails to customers over the weekend saying they must agree not to discriminate in order to use the site starting next month. However, Airbnb has resisted advocates’ calls to remove photos of guests and hosts from its platform. 
In the case of ride-hailing apps, researchers similarly believe that names and photos are an issue. Such information gives drivers the means to discriminate against prospective riders. Uber doesn’t show customer photos to drivers. Lyft does, but passengers aren’t required to provide a headshot. Both San Francisco-based companies give riders’ names to their drivers. 
{snip} 
The study, conducted in Seattle and Boston, included almost 1,500 rides. Four black and four white research assistants–split evenly among men and women–ordered cars over six weeks in Seattle. All used their photos on the ride-sharing apps. A second test was held in Boston with riders “whose appearance allowed them to plausibly travel as a passenger of either race,” although they used either “African American sounding” or “white sounding” names, the researchers said. The study found that Uber drivers disproportionately canceled on riders with black-sounding names, even though the company penalizes drivers who cancel frequently. 
{snip} 
The research also observed discrimination in the taxi industry–a well-known, decades-old issue. The paper doesn’t compare the rate of discrimination between traditional drivers for taxis or ride-hailing apps. Uber has suggested that it doesn’t offer tips in its app, as many drivers have asked for, because they can introduce racial biases. 
Lyft and Uber face different issues. While researchers found that drivers took noticeably longer to accept ride requests from black men on both services in Seattle, total wait times were the same for both races on Lyft. On Uber, total wait times were longer for black men. Drivers using Lyft didn’t cancel on black riders disproportionately, but the researchers said that because Lyft shows riders’ names and faces upfront, its drivers could simply screen out black passengers. Uber doesn’t show names until after the driver accepts the fare. “In Lyft, you can discriminate without ever having to accept and hit cancel,” Knittel said. 
{snip}",0
4976,Rep. Duncan on Deep State: We Need to Fire ’Entrenched Bureaucrats’ Who Leaked Information,"Congressman Jeff Duncan ( ) spoke Tuesday with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow about the deep state, as well as the administration’s new executive order on immigration and travel, which he supports. [“I honestly think there’s something to it,” Duncan said when asked about the notion of a deep state. “You go back to October. The New York Times reported that there were wiretaps. There were transcripts of things that were said in private conversation. ”  Added Duncan, “In broader context, we need to think of the entrenched bureaucrats and whether they can be fired once they’re ratted out for leaking information, how we fire folks that have worked for the government for a long time  —   career or not. ” Shifting to immigration, Duncan said, “We are a very benevolent country. We have always taken refugees. ” Paraphrasing the Statue of Liberty inscription, he said, “Give us your tired, your poor, your hungry. ” “But folks had to go to Ellis Island,” added Duncan, “and wait to be screened before they were able to come into the country. And then once they came, they were required to assimilate. ” “We have thrown assimilation out the window,” he stated. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
4977,Leaked Memo: Clinton Foundation Broke The Law,"By Jon Rappoport 
Breaking: leaked 2008 memo from attorney Kumiki Gibson to Clinton Foundation chairman Bruce Lindsay. Gibson had been hired to do an independent assessment of the Foundation’s practices. 
Below are key quotes from Gibson’s findings. Keep in mind that the Clinton Foundation’s very existence depends on it being legally certified as a non-profit entity, in compliance with laws governing non-profits. Break those laws and its non-profit status would be revoked, and the whole operation would go down the drain. 
Gibson: “Important responsibilities regarding corporate filings are delegated to the [Foundation] CFO, who appears to delegate them to an outside organization, with very little oversight by the legal department. As a result, the Foundation is not in compliance with the filings rules, including in New York, which requires the Foundation to be certified to do business in the State.” [Apparently, the Clinton Foundation was not legally registered as a non-profit in New York.] 
Gibson: “No matter what the leadership decides about the larger, over-arching question, it must act immediately to bring the Foundation into compliance with the law and standards that govern not-for-profits, and must create strong legal and HR offices so to prevent any lapses in the future.” 
Gibson: “The Foundation does not have a record retention policy[!], and the procedures currently utilized in Harlem [headquarters] may violate the law.” 
Zero Hedge writes: “Furthermore, and more troubling, the [Gibson] review pointed to a high-ranking but unnamed foundation executive who was ‘being paid by [President Clinton], the government and the foundation’ who ‘allowed the foundation to host what may have been (or may have been viewed as) a political event, apparently without official pre-approval from the foundation’s legal department and without regard, before the fact, to the impact of that decision on the foundation’s tax exempt status.’” 
This memo was written in 2008. It would have taken then, and it would now take, about a month of investigation by New York State and US Dept. of Justice officials to nail down the particulars and sink the Clinton Foundation. 
That didn’t happen then. Will it happen now? Not if the Dept. of Justice has anything to say about it. The Clintons are protected. 
But evidence of the Foundation corruption is spreading like wildfire. Some fires are impossible to contain. 
(To read about Jon’s mega-collection, Power Outside The Matrix , click here .) 
The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED , EXIT FROM THE MATRIX , and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX , Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29 th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails at NoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine .",0
4978,Melissa Gilbert Never Saw Congress in Her Future - The New York Times,"As a child, you played Laura Ingalls Wilder in the TV adaptation of “Little House on the Prairie. ” Now you’re running to represent the Eighth District of Michigan in Congress. If you win, will this be your first   job? I’ve done volunteer work, but I’ve never been paid for it. So, yes, it will be my first. There was no salary for the presidency of the Screen Actors Guild. Famously, the SAG presidency was the thing on Ronald Reagan’s résumé that supporters pointed to when he first got into politics. Does it actually prepare you for political office? Like Washington, SAG is a   system there’s a liberal and a conservative party. The names change, but when I was there, my party was called the Restore Respect Party, and my opposition was the Membership First Party. I reached across the aisle to a few people from my opponents’ party who I thought had really terrific ideas. Are there any other    that you look at and see as role models? Because I am a woman doing this, I don’t know that there is anyone else out there like me. Have you heard the expression that “Washington is Hollywood for ugly people”? What a horrible thing to say. It’s far from the worst thing that’s been said about D. C. and I think there’s some truth to it: Both are full of very ambitious people who network all the time and who sometimes forget the reason they came in the first place. So, what is Hollywood the Washington for? Well, the best way I can liken the two is the Republican debates, which are the single greatest reality program on television today. How does it feel to be an entertainer running in this cycle, which has been unprecedented in its levels of theatricality? There is no theatricality going down here in the Eighth District of Michigan. You used to have a blog, and one post goes into great detail about your decision to do breast augmentation, and then your decision to have the implants removed. Do you think that your habit of being so candid is an asset as a politician, or do you think you’ll need to be a little more disciplined? Well, I’m not a traditional politician. I was not raised to be a politician. I am a citizen. I think leaders should be more candid, frankly, and less political. Unlike most people, you had a profession as a child. Did you ever go through a period in your youth when you thought about what you were going to be when you grow up? I actually wanted to be a neurosurgeon specializing in pediatric oncology. My mother practically told me, “You know that what you’re doing is a career, right?” I said, “Is it, really?” I’ve stayed in entertainment in various forms, and it’s extraordinary that all those decisions led here  —   I never thought I would be running for office. If you could wave a magic wand and pass any bill through Congress, what would it be? The first thing I would do is   the Paycheck Fairness Act. In your 2009 memoirs, you wrote that you were considering a second career as a nurse. And on your blog, you’ve said you’re bad at  . Why should voters think that running for office is more than just a whim for you? Because this campaign is my primary focus. I have the ability to focus when need be. You’re in recovery  —   and in recovery, it’s highly recommended that you develop a spiritual practice. What does yours look like? I have absolute belief in a higher power. I believe that I can do nothing without a community of people around me. How do these beliefs inform your politics? I have faith in people. I have a faith that love will win out. But if you look at the headlines, there doesn’t seem to be a lot of love in politics these days. I’m sorry. That doesn’t feel like a question.",0
4979,WikiLeaks Director Gavin MacFadyen Has Passed Away,"WikiLeaks Director Gavin MacFadyen Has Passed Away WikiLeaks Director Gavin MacFadyen Has Passed Away By 0 125 
WikiLeaks Director and founder of the Centre for Investigative Journalism Gavin MacFadyen has died. WikiLeaks confirmed on their official Twitter account that the journalist had passed by posting a tribute to the man they say is now taking “his fists and his fight to battle God.” 
Gavin Macfadyen, beloved director of WikiLeaks, now takes his fists and his fight to battle God. Sock it to him, forever, Gavin. -JA pic.twitter.com/7zyzs1Qxxk 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 23, 2016 
The publication announced the death of the beloved director by posting a photo and tribute to their Twitter account. The message was signed “JA” indicating that it came directly from WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange; however, it is currently unknown at this time how Assange gained internet access as he recently had his access cut by the Ecuadorian Embassy over potential election “interference” charges. 
WikiLeaks also posted a statement from MacFadyen’s wife, Susan Benn, to the social media account.",0
4980,Britain’s Dreams of a ‘Swiss Miracle’ Look More Like Fantasy - The New York Times,"To help explain why the British voted to leave the European Union, look to Switzerland. The famously neutral Swiss rejected membership in the European Economic Area, a potential steppingstone to the European Union, in a 1992 referendum, but Switzerland didn’t formally withdraw its dormant application until last week, when the Swiss Parliament  —   caught up in a burst of nationalism fueled in part by Britain’s vote on Thursday on whether to leave the European Union  —   decided overwhelmingly to terminate it. Only “a few lunatics” still want to join the European Union, said the Swiss lawmaker Thomas Minder, a staunch proponent of “Swissism,” after last week’s action. That may be an overstatement, but it’s easy to see why the Swiss would feel vindicated. With a per capita gross domestic product of $80, 675 in 2015, according to the International Monetary Fund, Switzerland ranks second in the world (after Luxembourg) far ahead of Britain ($43, 771) and the United States ($55, 805.) Switzerland’s unemployment rate was 3. 3 percent in May, lower than that of Britain or the United States, which have both been hovering around 5 percent this year. Switzerland has one of the lowest crime rates in the world, and there have been no terrorist incidents there in the last 30 years. Known for its religious tolerance since a civil war during the Reformation, Switzerland accommodates four national languages and has a higher percentage of Muslims (5 percent) than Britain. Roughly a quarter of Switzerland’s population is made up of foreigners. Switzerland’s reputation for cleanliness, punctuality and efficiency is so widespread that the Swiss tourism board pokes fun at the stereotype. The only problem? It’s doubtful that Britain (or any other European country, for that matter) could replicate what’s widely known as the “Swiss miracle” by abandoning the European Union. “It’s all an illusion,” said John McCormick, an   professor of European Union politics at Indiana   University Indianapolis and the author of “Why Europe Matters for Britain: The Case for Remaining In. ” This isn’t simply because the island kingdom of Britain is so different from landlocked Switzerland, though it is. Its population of 65 million is much bigger than Switzerland’s eight million, as is its economy ($2. 85 trillion in economic output in 2015 compared with Switzerland’s $664 billion). Switzerland owes its highly productive economy to an overwhelming focus on lucrative jobs in financial services and precision engineering  —   in contrast to Britain, where the City of London financial district is a sparkling crown jewel encased in a broader, duller economy laced with generally aging manufacturers and a large, comparatively inefficient public sector. Moreover, the   Swiss all but invented the notion of the Protestant work ethic. (In 2012 Swiss voters firmly rejected an initiative to extend their annual paid vacation time to six weeks from four.) “Switzerland’s prosperity has nothing to do with independence from the E. U.,” Professor McCormick said. “Services tend to be more profitable than industry, so Switzerland will always be ahead of the U. K. because of the way their economy is structured. ” He noted that Luxembourg, another small, landlocked European country with an economy oriented toward providing financial services for the world’s wealthy, is a founding member and staunch supporter of the European Union. Luxembourg’s per capita gross domestic product was $101, 994 in 2015  —   by far the highest in the world. An argument can be made that Switzerland’s economy would be in even better shape if it had joined the European Union. Its Alpine neighbor, Austria, joined in 1995 after years of debate. Its economic growth outpaced Switzerland’s in the ensuing years. More fundamentally, the notion that Switzerland is less dependent on the European Union and enjoys a higher degree of sovereignty than Britain is also a “fantasy,” said Caroline de Gruyter, European affairs correspondent for the Dutch newspaper NRC Handelsblad and the author of a book about the impact of globalization on a Swiss village. Switzerland, with its heavily   economy, hardly exists in isolation. After the Swiss rejected European Union membership, Switzerland negotiated bilateral agreements giving it free access to European markets. In return, Switzerland agreed to abide by most European Union policies, including immigration and the relatively free movement of workers among countries. But Switzerland has no say in determining those policies. The European Union is now Switzerland’s largest trading partner, and Switzerland is the European Union’s  . Norway has a similar status outside the European Union. Both countries are economically dependent on the much larger European market. “Switzerland and Norway cannot survive on their own,” Ms. de Gruyter said. “They want to participate in a lot of common E. U. projects. ” But the “E. U. countries can decide on these projects, while Switzerland and Norway cannot. During European summits in Brussels, the Norwegian ambassador would often sit with me in the press room, waiting for decisions to be announced. ” “Sovereignty is relative,” said Christophe Crombez, a Belgian economist and specialist in European Union politics at the Europe Center of Stanford University. “Even the United States has to abide by World Trade Organization rules and other treaties. If you really wanted to be completely sovereign, you’d look to a country like North Korea. ” The extent of Swiss sovereignty will soon be tested anew. In 2014 the Swiss voted to impose immigration quotas on European Union countries, a blatant violation of the union’s principle of free movement of labor. The Swiss vote, which closely followed the admission of Croatia into the European Union, was aimed at curbing immigration from Eastern Europe and requires Switzerland to renegotiate its immigration policies with the European Union within three years. The European Union has rejected the idea out of hand, saying Switzerland can’t pick and choose which policies to embrace, and that it risks losing unfettered access to European Union markets. Negotiations were suspended pending the British vote. But now that the British have made their decision, Brussels is expected to take a hard line. The European Union has little choice, Professor Crombez said. “Within the E. U. some countries benefit in some ways, and other countries in others. That’s what has made the E. U. a success. If each country said it only wanted to participate in the policies that benefited it, the whole thing would fall apart. ” The Swiss vote also suggested there were limits to Switzerland’s  . In addition to imposing immigration quotas, Switzerland is much more restrictive in granting asylum to refugees from places like Syria than many other European countries are. “No one will say this, but there’s an element of racism,” Professor McCormick said. “What they want are white, Christian, European immigrants. They want to make sure they stay culturally homogeneous. ” The Swiss seem to be waking up to the consequences of defying the rest of Europe. Swiss citizens have gathered enough signatures to force a referendum on whether to retract the proposed immigration restrictions before the 2017 deadline. “The Swiss have access to the European market, but they have very little leverage,” Professor McCormick said. Now that Britain has voted to leave, it, too, will lose a good deal of influence, he said. “The economic reality is that Britain would still be subject to the rules of the single market even if it left the E. U. ” Everyone I consulted saw similarities between the   Union movements in Europe and supporters of Donald J. Trump in the United States. “There’s a lot of correlation,” Professor McCormick said. “Many are nostalgic for the idea of the good old days, which in reality were never all that good. But in their imaginations they thought life was so much better. The E. U. makes an easy scapegoat. ” As in the United States, the underlying cause of so much voter resentment isn’t trade agreements or immigration. “The problem for individual European countries, whether they are members of the E. U. or not, is globalization,” Ms. de Gruyter said.",0
4981,Standing Rock Water-Protectors Waterboarded While the Cleveland Indians Romped,"Photo by John Duffy | CC BY 2.0 
Three nights ago, 19.37 million television viewers watched the opening game of North American professional baseball’s so-called World Series pitting the Chicago Cubs against the Cleveland Indians (the latter team won 6-0). I made it through the second inning before I had to switch to radio out of disgust at the Indians’ jersey and ball-cap team logo – a wild grinning Native American caricature best understood as a modern-day Red Sambo. It’s bad enough that the Cleveland team retains (well into the 21 st century) the name “the Indians.” First Nations people (the Canadian term) in the United States are more properly called Native or Indigenous Americans – not a name imposed on them by white conquerors who mistakenly thought they’d “discovered” “the Indes. ” 
But the logo is really beyond the pale . Imagine a team called “The Baltimore Blacks” or “The New Jersey Negroes,” with a ball-cap showing a racist caricature of a “Black Sambo.” Or imagine a German football (soccer) team named the “Buchenwald Semites” – or an Austrian team named the “Vienna Hebrews” – with a jersey bearing the crudely exaggerated caricature image of an old stereotypically hook-nosed Jewish man. That would be unthinkable in Holocaust-haunted Germany, of course. 
Native Americans suffered their own Holocaust on the lands that were swallowed up as the United States. By some estimates more than 15 million First Nations people inhabited North America (most of them on land later seized as U.S. territory) before Columbus. Thanks to white-imposed disease, displacement, eco-cide, and murder, the number of “Indians” alive in the United States fell to less than 250,000 by 1890. But team names bearing images and/or names of Indigenous people who experienced genocide – the Washington Redskins (yes, “redskins,” which the Black comic Chris Rock once analogized to naming a team “The New York Niggers”), the Cleveland Indians, the Atlanta Braves, the Chicago Blackhawks (named after a famous Sauk Nation warrior whose tribe members were butchered en masse by Andrew Jackson’s U.S. Army), the Kansas City Chiefs, the Fighting Illini, the Florida State Seminoles, etc. – live on with impunity in the U.S. 
Meanwhile, up in the northern Great Plains, predominantly white and heavily militarized local and state police are attacking the civil rights and bodies of Indigenous people fighting heroically to help humanity (including the mostly white folks watching the World Series) avert environmental catastrophe. The remarkable prayer, protest, and resistance camp set up by North Dakota’s Standing Rock Sioux tribe is dedicated to blocking Energy Transfer Partner’s eco-cidal Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL). The pipeline is a “giant black snake” being laid to carry 470,000 barrels of hydraulically fractured (fracked) crude oil daily from the North Dakota Bakken oil field under and near the Missouri River (under twice), the Mississippi (under once), and numerous other streams, lakes, rivers, and aquifers. 
The Standing Rock resistance camp has at various times in recent months swelled to accommodate more than five thousand “water protectors” who are also air and climate protectors. It has garnered support and participation from more than 300 Native American tribes, making it the greatest example of inter-tribal solidarity in two centuries (since the time of Tecumseh) of U.S. history. And now – behind the scenes of the World Series and the seemingly endless quadrennial presidential electoral extravaganza – it is under vicious military-style attack. As Sarah Lazare reports on AlterNet : 
“Military-style checkpoints. Low-flying surveillance planes. Invasive strip searches. These are just some of the repression tactics that have targeted the thousands of Indigenous people and supporters who, heeding the call of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, mobilized to North Dakota to stop the…DAPL…On Saturday [October 22 nd ], 127 water protectors were arrested at a march by police in riot gear, some of whom carried assault rifles, and multiple reports of violence have emerged, including forced strip searches. ‘What happened on Saturday was completely uncalled for, out of—out of the realm of any understanding of people who are trying to do something good and right,’ [said] Sacheen Seitcham, an organizer with the West Coast Women Warriors Media Cooperative…” 
The intrepid Native American journalist Brenda Norrell and other writers at Censored News report that Morton County (North Dakota) police are criminally torturing Native American activists, placing hoods over the heads of arrestees, water boarding hooded prisoners , and forcing at least one young woman to remain naked in jail cell for an entire night. 
Cody Hall of the Cheyanne River Indian Reservation in South Dakota told Lazre that “Nobody is telling the real story of what’s coming out of these camps, why we’re doing this…Our overall goal,” Hall added, “is that this pipeline is not built. Our overall goal is to protect people, protect the human race…We’re protecting future generations.” 
Indeed, Earth scientists across the world are urgently warning humanity and the predominantly white economic and power elites who control global and U.S. energy policy that fossil fuels must be kept in the ground and replaced with renewable energy sources as a soon as possible if homo sapiens wants to avoid ever more imminent ecosystem collapse . 
It is a good moment for Americans of all races and ethnic and national origins to shift their attention away from the infantilizing mass spectator pageants of our corporate-mediated times – be they “World Series” games or quadrennial major party electoral carnivals. (You can put the game on the radio while organizing financial support for the Standing Rock water and climate protectors. And it takes about ten minutes to vote early, if you really think that matters ). It’s a good time to glean some existentially imperative wisdom and inspiration from the likes of Cody Hall. Hall and thousands of other Indigenous water and climate protectors and their multiracial allies within and beyond North Dakota (mostly white Iowa activists have been waging an also-heroic and under-appreciated struggle against the DAPL at the Mississippi Stand camp in Southeastern Iowa ) are trying in their own highly focused way to draw a line in the soil of the Great Plains against petro-capitalism’s relentless project of Greenhouse Gassing life on Earth to death – a crime that will make the Nazis and Columbus look almost like amateur criminals . 
Cody Hall and Sacheen Seitcham and the many thousands of other Indigenous Americans fighting the DAPL are descended from the continent’s original inhabitants. They are connected thereby to an Indigenous and pre-capitalist culture from whom Euro-Americans could learn a great deal. As the Native American author and activist Ward Churchill wrote two decades ago: 
“On…the day Christopher Columbus first washed up on a Caribbean beach, North America was long since endowed with an abundant and exceedingly complex cluster of civilizations. Having continuously occupied the continent for at least 50,000 years, the native inhabitants evidenced a total population of perhaps 15 million, cities as large as the 40,000-resident urban center at Cahokia (in present-day Illinois), highly advanced conceptions of architecture and engineering, spiritual traditions embodying equivalents to modern ecoscience, refined knowledge of pharmacology and holistic medicine, and highly sophisticated systems of governance, trade, and diplomacy. The traditional economies of the continent were primarily agricultural, based in environmentally sound farming procedures which originated well over half the vegetal foodstuffs now consumed by peoples the world over. By and large, the indigenous societies demonstrating such attainments were organized along extremely egalitarian lines, with real property held collectively and matrifocality a normative standard. War…in the Euro-derived sense in which the term is understood today, was unknown.” 
Also unknown was economic inequality and poverty on anything remotely like the scale of early modern Europe, which gestated the capitalist order that would spill its vicious surplus onto North American territory including what would become the United States – a nation where the top tenth of the top One Percent currently owns nearly as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. 
Pre-Conquest North American civilization was comprised of what Churchill described as “large-scale societies which had perfected ways of organizing themselves into psychologically fulfilling wholes, experiencing very high standards of living, and still maintaining environmental harmony …” (W. Churchill, From a Native Son: Essays on Indigenism 1985-1995 , South End Press, 1996, emphasis added). 
Such were the remarkable, inter-connected social and cultural attainments of North Americans Indigenous people and nations, who are cruelly mocked as quaint and amusing savages from a bygone “frontier” era in the names and logos worn by U.S. sports teams. 
As the top national media spectacle shifts from the World Series to the final days of the noxious Trump-Hillary election carnival, reflect on this great accomplishment of so-called Western Civilization: in the three “presidential” “debates” between the two widely hated major party contestants, the media moderators did not ask or relay a single, solitary question about climate change – the single greatest issue of our or any time . Not one question . It is quite literally unreal. 
(And note the absurdity of North American white-capitalist-owned baseball’s penultimate games being played during the evening and in the cool and even cold temperatures of the middle Fall season. Baseball is a summer game, meant to played in warmth, but commercial considerations dictate that profit trumps basic natural, Earth-conscious, environmentally grounded intelligence when it comes to when Major League Baseball and the all-powerful corporate media schedule the games. The continent’s First Nations people would never be so foolish as that.) 
Meanwhile thousands of predominantly Native American activists (proud heirs of the people taunted and lampooned by the name and gear of the Cleveland baseball team). are giving their answer at the top of the U.S. heartland: fossil fuels must stay in the ground if our children and grandchildren and out other “relatives” – the other living things of the world – are going to be able to enjoy a decent future. And for having the courage to draw this line in the sands of time and place, an untold number of these Indigenous heroes are now being strip-searched, caged, left naked in cells, hooded, and water-boarded (all these practices fall under the category of torture in the U.S. Army Manual) by militarized white police, heirs of those who committed the North American genocide.",0
4982,"College Students Protest, Alumni’s Fondness Fades and Checks Shrink - The New York Times","Scott MacConnell cherishes the memory of his years at Amherst College, where he discovered his future métier as a theatrical designer. But protests on campus over cultural and racial sensitivities last year soured his feelings. Now Mr. MacConnell, who graduated in 1960, is expressing his discontent through his wallet. In June, he cut the college out of his will. “As an alumnus of the college, I feel that I have been lied to, patronized and basically dismissed as an old, white bigot who is insensitive to the needs and feelings of the current college community,” Mr. MacConnell, 77, wrote in a letter to the college’s alumni fund in December, when he first warned that he was reducing his support to the college to a token $5. A backlash from alumni is an unexpected aftershock of the campus disruptions of the last academic year. Although   are still gauging the extent of the effect on philanthropy, some colleges  —   particularly small, elite liberal arts institutions  —   have reported a decline in donations, accompanied by a laundry list of complaints. Alumni from a range of generations say they are baffled by today’s college culture. Among their laments: Students are too wrapped up in racial and identity politics. They are allowed to take too many frivolous courses. They have repudiated the heroes and traditions of the past by judging them by today’s standards rather than in the context of their times. Fraternities are being unfairly maligned, and men are being demonized by sexual assault investigations. And university administrations have been too meek in addressing protesters whose messages have seemed to fly in the face of free speech. Scott C. Johnston, who graduated from Yale in 1982, said he was on campus last fall when activists tried to shut down a free speech conference, “because apparently they missed irony class that day. ” He recalled the Yale student who was videotaped screaming at a professor, Nicholas Christakis, that he had failed “to create a place of comfort and home” for students in his capacity as the head of a residential college. “I don’t think anything has damaged Yale’s brand quite like that,” said Mr. Johnston, a founder of an internet   and a former hedge fund manager. “This is not your daddy’s liberalism. ” “The worst part,” he continued, “is that campus administrators are wilting before the activists like flowers. ” Yale College’s alumni fund was flat between this year and last, according to Karen Peart, a university spokeswoman. Among about 35 small, selective liberal arts colleges belonging to the   organization Staff, or Sharing the Annual Fund Fundamentals, that recently reported their initial annual fund results for the 2016 fiscal year, 29 percent were behind 2015 in dollars, and 64 percent were behind in donors, according to a steering committee member, Scott Kleinheksel of Claremont McKenna College in California. His school, which was also the site of protests, had a decline in donor participation but a rise in giving. At Amherst, the amount of money given by alumni dropped 6. 5 percent for the fiscal year that ended June 30, and participation in the alumni fund dropped 1. 9 percentage points, to 50. 6 percent, the lowest participation rate since 1975, when the college began admitting women, according to the college. The amount raised from big donors decreased significantly. Some of the decline was because of a falloff after two large reunion gifts last year, according to Pete Mackey, a spokesman for Amherst. At Princeton, where protesters unsuccessfully demanded the removal of Woodrow Wilson’s name from university buildings and programs, undergraduate alumni donations dropped 6. 6 percent from a record high the year before, and participation dropped 1. 9 percentage points, according to the university’s website. A Princeton spokesman, John Cramer, said there was no evidence the drop was connected to campus protests. Carolyn A. Martin, Amherst’s president, said she was not surprised that student protests had contributed to the decline in  . “I think colleges are places where complicated societywide issues are always thrashed out, sometimes across generations,” Dr. Martin, known as Biddy, said in an interview. Dr. Martin defended Amherst as a place where free speech and high standards still held sway, and said she had pushed back against protesters when necessary. Much of the alumni unrest at Amherst crystallized around the college’s decision to renounce its unofficial mascot, Lord Jeffery Amherst, known as Lord Jeff, an   British commander in the French and Indian War who gave his name to the town and, by extension, the college. A new generation of students has criticized his attitude toward Native Americans he endorsed the idea of spreading smallpox among enemy tribes by giving them infected blankets. “He hated the Indians, because any general in his position would have,” said Gordon Hall III, class of ’52, a commercial real estate investor. He and Don MacNaughton, class of ’65, a retired lawyer and a history buff, wrote a booklet concluding that Lord Jeff had been unfairly maligned. Mr. MacNaughton paid for his share of its publication and promotion online with thousands of dollars he would have otherwise given to the college. “I feel that money is going to the benefit of Amherst College, in any event,” Mr. MacNaughton said. The older generation remembers Lord Amherst not as a genocidal warmonger, but as the inspiration for a beloved college fight song, written by a member of the class of 1906. The song, which Mr. Hall, 86, can still sing by heart, winks knowingly at Lord Amherst’s misdeeds with the line, “To the Frenchman and the Indians, he didn’t do a thing. ” Mr. Hall, whose grandfather, father, uncles and son went to Amherst, archly calls himself “a powerhouse of nepotism. ” But he has endowed a scholarship and says he welcomes students whose backgrounds are different from his. “I get letters every year about the recipient of my scholarship fund,” he said. “The name will always be a name that is ethnically or racially  —   you can tell  —   not like Hall. And so be it. You’ve got to go with the flow to some degree. ” But, he wonders, “where did this supercorrectness thing come from?” In the category of supercorrectness, some alumni note that in March, a new director of the Women’s and Gender Center asked to be addressed as “they,” rather than “he” or “she. ” “This is not a joke,” Paul Ruxin, who identified himself as “Old Curmudgeon class of ’65,” wrote to his classmates shortly before he died in April. David Pennock, class of ’60, one of four generations of his family to have gone to Amherst, is so invested in the college that he bridles at incorrect pronunciations of the name. “Our Amherst is pronounced without the H,” he said. His Amherst was tough but paternalistic, he said. When he fell behind in classes, the admissions dean, Eugene Wilson, class of ’29 and his father’s fraternity roommate, took him trout fishing on the Deerfield River and warned that he was headed for the “underachiever program,” a forced leave of absence. As class agent, Mr. Pennock did not reduce his giving, but he is one of a group of alumni pushing for the return of a core curriculum. Robert Longsworth, class of ’99, the seventh in his family to have attended Amherst, has been the president of the New York City alumni association and a class agent. But he has withdrawn, he said, because of his sense that the college has become “so wrapped up in this politically charged mission rather than staying in its lane and being an institution of higher education. ” Mr. Longsworth, 39, who works in the financial industry, said he thought erasing history only made people more vulnerable to racism. “When the administration and faculty and ultimately a lot of the student body spends a great deal of time on witch hunts, I think that a lot of that intellectual rigor is forgone,” he said. Mr. Longsworth said he had heard from “friends who went to Hamilton, Trinity, Williams, Bates, Middlebury, Hobart, who are not pleased at what’s happened on campus, and they’ve kind of stepped away. ” For these alumni, he said, refusing to write a check “seems to be the only lever that can make a difference. ”",0
4983,"Obama Endorses Hillary Clinton, and Urges Democrats to Unite - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   President Obama told Senator Bernie Sanders in an Oval Office meeting on Thursday to channel the energy of his presidential campaign’s millions of supporters behind Hillary Clinton, and said that Mr. Sanders would play a central role in shaping the Democratic agenda if he did. Less than an hour and a half later, Mr. Obama, who had tried to remain neutral in the race between Mr. Sanders and Mrs. Clinton, formally endorsed her. Moving swiftly to unite his party after a primary campaign that has left many of Mr. Sanders’s supporters bitter and disillusioned, Mr. Obama, according to his aides, tried to mollify the maverick senator while prodding him to reorient his efforts against Mrs. Clinton into a broader bid to help Democrats in November. There was no hint after the meeting that Mr. Sanders intended to challenge Mrs. Clinton for the nomination at next month’s convention, but hours later at a rally in Washington he urged voters there to go to the polls in their primary on Tuesday and to keep pushing for a political revolution. After the White House meeting, Mr. Sanders vowed to take the ideas that have animated his campaign  —   addressing poverty and income inequality, increasing Social Security benefits, and reducing the role of money in politics  —   to the convention. But he also announced plans to meet soon with Mrs. Clinton to discuss ways they could work together to defeat Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee. The meeting was the set piece of a day of choreographed political theater in which Democrats treated Mr. Sanders to a visit only slightly less elaborate than that of a head of state. The White House made sure that cameras were positioned to capture the president and the vanquished Vermonter strolling animatedly along the White House colonnade to the Oval Office for their meeting. Later, Mr. Sanders met with the Senate Democratic leadership before zooming up Massachusetts Avenue for an audience with Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. at his residence at the Naval Observatory. Democrats were hoping that if they gave time and space to Mr. Sanders, he would not cause trouble for them at their convention in Philadelphia and would eventually endorse Mrs. Clinton. But Mr. Sanders spent much of his day using back entrances and side doors and ducking into stairwells to avoid reporters’ questions, clearly unwilling to talk in precise terms about his plans. The road ahead was clearer for Mrs. Clinton, who on Thursday collected   expressions of support from influential Democrats, including Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, perhaps more of a favorite of the party’s liberals than even Mr. Sanders. In a video posted on her campaign’s Facebook page shortly after Mr. Sanders departed the White House grounds to visit the Capitol, Mr. Obama described Mrs. Clinton as the most qualified candidate to seek the White House, and implored Democrats to come together to elect her after a divisive party primary. “I don’t think there’s ever been someone so qualified to hold this office,” Mr. Obama said in the   statement. Mr. Obama has made no secret of his desire to play an active role in the race to succeed him. “I’m with her, I am fired up, and I cannot wait to get out there to campaign for Hillary,” Mr. Obama said in the video. Mrs. Clinton immediately announced that she and the president would hold their first joint campaign appearance of the 2016 race on Wednesday in Green Bay, Wis. the start of what White House officials said would be an intense campaign push for Mr. Obama that will culminate in   appearances as the November election draws nearer. White House officials had been discussing the endorsement with Mrs. Clinton’s camp for days, but they kept the timing under wraps, in part as a gesture of respect for Mr. Sanders and his highly motivated supporters. Mr. Obama told Mr. Sanders on Sunday that the endorsement would come soon, according to people familiar with the conversation, and discussed the announcement with Mrs. Clinton on Tuesday, the night she clinched the nomination. Mr. Obama recorded the Facebook message earlier on Tuesday at the White House, aides said. The president had been circumspect about declaring the race finished, even after Mrs. Clinton captured sufficient delegates in primaries on Tuesday to clinch the Democratic nomination. On Thursday, he congratulated her on “making history” and said he had personally witnessed her qualifications for the Oval Office. “She’s got the courage, the compassion and the heart to get the job done,” he said. “I have seen her judgment, I’ve seen her toughness, I’ve seen her commitment to our values up close. ” Mr. Obama also praised Mr. Sanders for what he called an “incredible campaign. ” He said the Vermont senator’s emphasis on addressing income inequality, reducing the influence of money in politics and bringing young people into the political process would strengthen the party. In their Oval Office meeting, White House officials said, Mr. Obama told Mr. Sanders that he could play a valuable role in   the party by supporting Democrats in races across the country this year, and use the influence he has amassed in his campaign to press his agenda forward in the Senate. Mr. Sanders, speaking to reporters as he left the West Wing with his wife, Jane, said that “we will continue doing everything that we can to oppose the drift which currently exists toward an oligarchic form of society where a handful of billionaires exercise enormous power over our political, economic and media life. ” “Needless to say,” he added, “I am going to do everything in my power and I will work as hard as I can to make sure that Donald Trump does not become president of the United States. ” Mr. Obama’s quick endorsement irritated some of Mr. Sanders’s leading supporters, who said they could not understand why the president would not wait until after next week’s Washington primary, the last contest in the Democratic nominating process, to weigh in. “I thought they’d give him the grace to finish out what he pledged to do, which is take his campaign to the final contest,” said Paul G. Kirk, a former Democratic National Committee chairman and Massachusetts senator who backs Mr. Sanders. At the rally in Washington on Thursday night, Mr. Sanders showed no sign of slowing down his campaign, making no mention of Mrs. Clinton and saying nothing about party unity. Many in the crowd of about 3, 000 people shouted slogans like “Shun the nonbelievers” and “Stay in the race. ” On Capitol Hill, Democratic leaders tried to balance their desire to be respectful of Mr. Sanders and give him room to exit the race on his own terms while firmly conveying to him that the contest has essentially ended. Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the minority leader, said he had invited Mr. Sanders to address the Democratic caucus on Tuesday. Mrs. Clinton “has enough delegates,” Mr. Reid said after meeting with Mr. Sanders in his Capitol office. “I didn’t hear a single word about him wanting to change the fact that she’s the nominee. ” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, who will most likely succeed Mr. Reid as Democratic leader next year, echoed his colleague, telling reporters after his own meeting that he knew Mr. Sanders to be “constructive. ” Privately, Senate leaders breathed a sigh of relief. Mr. Reid told Mr. Sanders during their   conversation that he was entitled to wind down the campaign on his own time. And Mr. Sanders implied to Mr. Reid that he would begin that process after the final primary next week and not take his campaign to the convention floor, according to an aide briefed on the meeting who requested anonymity to discuss a private conversation. But Mr. Sanders is going to try to put his stamp on a party that he adopted only when he began to seek its nomination. He told Mr. Reid that he wanted a say on both policy and process, an indication that he intends to push for a robustly liberal platform and an overhaul of the Democratic presidential nominating system that could eliminate superdelegates. There are also some personal grudges left over from the primary: Mr. Sanders’s campaign remains uneasy that two prominent Clinton supporters who fiercely attacked him  —   former Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts and Gov. Dannel P. Malloy of Connecticut  —   remain   of the D. N. C. ’s Rules Committee. “Of course there are hard feelings,” said Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio, a liberal who is friends with Mr. Sanders but backed Mrs. Clinton. “But Bernie knows she will generally take the party and the country in the right direction  —   and there’s the threat of Trump. ”",0
4984,"Iranian Military Sending Elite Fighters Into U.S., Europe","November 2, 2016 Iranian Military Sending Elite Fighters Into U.S., Europe 
The Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps, the country’s elite military force, is sending assets to infiltrate the United States and Europe at the direction of Iran’s Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, according to recent Farsi-language comments from an Iranian military leader. 
The IRGC “will be in the U.S. and Europe very soon,” according to the Iranian military commander, who said that these forces would operate with the goal of bolstering Iran’s hardline regime and thwarting potential plots against the Islamic Republic. 
“The whole world should know that the IRGC will be in the U.S. and Europe very soon,” Salar Abnoush, deputy coordinator of Iran’s Khatam-al-Anbia Garrison, an IRGC command front, was quoted as saying in an Iranian state-controlled publication closely tied to the IRGC. 
The military leader’s comments come as Iran is spending great amounts of money to upgrade its military hardware and bolster its presence throughout the Middle East and beyond. Iran intends to spend billions to purchase U.S.-made planes that are likely to be converted for use in its air force. 
Congressional leaders and others suspect that Iran has used a large portion of the cash windfall it received as a result of last summer’s nuclear agreement to upgrade its fighting capabilities war machine.",0
4985,Watch: Celebs Sing ’I Will Survive’ Ahead of Trump Inauguration,"Emma Stone, Natalie Portman, and Amy Adams are among the many movie stars who joined in to sing Gloria Gaynor’s 1979 hit “I Will Survive” ahead of Donald Trump’s inauguration. [The   cast, including Matthew McConaughey, Hailee Steinfeld, Felicity Jones, and Taraji P. Henson, all trade verses on the disco hit, with some   their own lines.  While Donald Trump’s name is never mentioned, the video is apparently intended to serve as a rallying cry for those still grieving Trump’s election.  Directed by W magazine editor Lynn Hirschberg, the video also features vocals from Matthew McConaughey, Michael Shannon, Andrew Garfield, Chris Pine, and Naomi Harris. The   “I Will Survive” video is the latest of its kind. Last week, Jerry Seinfeld, Samuel L. Jackson, Michael Jordan, and Leonardo DiCaprio and many other celebrities starred in an emotional “Yes We Can” farewell tribute video for President Barack Obama. And of course, during the 2016 presidential race, numerous celebrities contributed to political PSAs aimed at discouraging voters from voting for Donald Trump. Perhaps the most   of these was director Joss Whedon’s “Important” video, which featured Avengers stars Robert Downey Jr. Scarlett Johansson, Mark Ruffalo and Don Cheadle reminding Americans to vote on Election Day.    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
4986,Irán reitera que el mundo internacional debe respetar al contenido de JCPOA | US VIEWER,"Irán reitera que el mundo internacional debe respetar al contenido de JCPOA 2016/11/12 09:15 Twitter El jefe de diplomacia de Irán insta a todas las partes implicadas en el pacto nuclear respeto a sus compromisos para beneficio de todo el mundo. 
USviewer, EEUU_ “El pacto nuclear es un acuerdo internacional y todas las partes tienen que respetar su contenido (…) No se trata de un acuerdo bilateral que pueda ser destruido por una sola parte”, recalcó en Praga (capital checa) el ministro persa, Mohamad Yavad Zarif. 
En una rueda de prensa celebrada junto a su homólogo checo, Lubomir Zaoralek, el ministro de Asuntos Exteriores iraní rechazó rumores sobre una eventual revisión del Plan Integral de Acción Conjunta (JCPOA, por sus siglas en inglés) durante la administración del presidente electo de EE.UU., Donald Trump. 
A este respecto, Zarif ubrayó que el JCPOA es un acuerdo entre Irán y el Grupo 5+1 (EE.UU., el Reino Unido, Francia, Rusia y China, más Alemania), ratificado además por el Consejo de Seguridad de las Naciones Unidas (CSNU). 
“Creemos que el JCPOA es un acuerdo razonable que ayuda a todos, pero esto no significa que Irán carezca de otras opciones para eventuales incumplimientos por las otras partes”, precisó. 
La República Islámica de Irán quiere seguir respetando sus compromisos y pide lo mismo a las otras partes con el fin de favorecer los intereses de todos, ha proseguido el jefe de la Diplomacia iraní. 
Sin embargo, añadió, es lamentable que Washington no haya cumplido con parte de sus obligaciones, cuando la parte iraní sí lo ha hecho, habiendo documentos que lo confirman. 
Con respecto a las relaciones bilaterales Teherán-Praga, el canciller iraní ha elogiado el gran interés de ambas partes en extender y profundizar sus lazos en todos los campos y a todos los niveles, incluida la lucha contra el terrorismo. 
“Estamos contentos con las propuestas de las autoridades checas sobre la solución de la crisis siria y la lucha contra Daesh (acrónimo en árabe para EIIL)”, concluyó Zarif. No hay comentarios para esta noticia Nombre : ",0
4987,Should America Pardon the National Security State?,"Written by Jacob G. Hornberger Thursday October 27, 2016 Several weeks ago, contemporaneously with the release of Oliver Stone’s excellent movie Snowden, friends and admirers of Edward Snowden launched a campaign to have President Obama pardon him for disclosing the NSA’s super-secret illegal surveillance scheme to the American people and the world. The reasons for the pardon request were excellently summarized in an op-ed that appeared in the New York Times entitled “ Pardon Edward Snowden ” by Kenneth Roth and Salil Shetty. Not surprisingly, the US national-security establishment and its assets within the mainstream press oppose a pardon for Snowden because, they say, he endangered “national security” with his disclosure of the NSA’s top-secret illegal surveillance programs. But notice something important: Every time someone discloses “national security” state secrets, the east coast doesn’t fall into the ocean, California isn’t hit by earthquakes, and the federal government isn’t taken over by communists, terrorists, Muslims, illegal immigrants, or drug dealers. Nothing ever happens! That’s because, as I point out in my ebook “ The CIA, Terrorism, and the Cold War: The Evil of the National Security State , ever since the federal government was converted into a national security state in the 1940s, the term “national security” has been nothing more than a way to shield criminal wrongdoing on the part of the national-security establishment. Remember MKULTRA? It was a highly classified operation on the part of the CIA. It involved drug experimentation on unsuspecting Americans. It was enveloped within the concept of “national security.” It was also a criminal operation. Once it came to light, the CIA ordered the destruction of all MKULTRA records so that the American people would never discover all the dark and sordid details of this Nazi-like program. The United States remained standing notwithstanding the revelation of the CIA’s national-security state secret. Consider the CIA’s assassination attempts, in partnership with the Mafia, against Cuba’s president Fidel Castro during the 1960s. Those assassination attempts were national-security state secrets. They were also criminal in nature. In fact, they were no different, in a criminal sense, from the assassination of Orlando Letelier by Chile’s DINA, the Chilean CIA-NSA type organization with which the US partnered in the aftermath of the US national-security state’s coup that brought military strongman Augusto Pinochet into power in 1973. Did the United States collapse when the CIA’s assassination plots were revealed to the world? No more so than Chile collapsed when DINA’s assassination plots were revealed to the world. Speaking of DINA, for years the US national-security establishment kept its role in orchestrating the coup in Chile secret from the American people. CIA Director Richard Helms even knowingly lied to Congress when asked about the CIA’s activities in orchestrating the coup. Why did Helms intentionally lie to Congress? To protect “national security,” of course. The CIA’s position was that if people were to discover the role that the US government played in orchestrating the Chilean coup, “national-security” would be threatened. But when the US role in the coup was ultimately disclosed, what happened? Nothing! Well, except for the fact that Helms got convicted for lying to Congress. He was lucky though. They let him off the hook with a misdemeanor plea and probation. When he returned to the CIA, he was hailed by his subordinates for his heroic effort to protect “national security.” Of course, he wasn’t as lucky as DNI Chief James Clapper, who didn’t get prosecuted at all for lying to Congress about the existence of the NSA’s illegal surveillance scheme. Why did Clapper lie to Congress? To protect “national security,” of course. But when the super-secret illegal scheme ultimately came to light, what happened to the United States? Nothing! Another false and fraudulent use of the meaningless term “national security.” It was no different with respect to the CIA’s kidnapping-murder of Rene Schneider, the overall commander of Chile’s armed forces. The CIA felt that it needed to keep its plot against Schneider secret on grounds of “national security,” including its smuggling high-power guns into the country and later its paying off the killers to keep them silent. Once again, they maintained, “national security” dictated secrecy. But when the CIA’s role in Schneider’s kidnapping-murder was ultimately discovered, nothing happened. The United States continued standing. Interestingly, not one single US official was ever charged in the felony-murder of Rene Schneider, whose only “crime” was standing in the way of the US national security establishment’s illegal and unconstitutional (in both Chile and the United States) plot to replace a democratically elected president with a brutal unelected US-supported military general whose forces proceeded to round up, incarcerate, torture, rape, execute, or assassinate tens of thousands of innocent people — that is, people whose only crime was believing in socialism. It was the same with the murder during the coup of two American men, Charles Horman and Frank Teruggi, a murder in which US national-security state officials were complicit. Of course, they kept their involvement in the murder secret under the principle of “national security.” Horman’s “crime” was that he had learned of US complicity in the coup and planned to disclose it to the world. In the eyes of Chilean and US national-security state officials, that obviously constituted a threat to “national security.” Teruggi’s “crime” was that he was a socialist who had opposed the US government’s war in Vietnam. Despite the fact that a top-secret US State Department investigation revealed that US intelligence had played a role in their murder, not one single US official has ever been indicted, much less summoned to appear before Congress to explain why they murdered two innocent American citizens. In a moral sense, it’s not Snowden who needs a pardon. It is the US national-security state that needs a pardon from him … and from the American people for converting our nation into a charnel house of secret, dark, illegal, nefarious actions under the guise of the sham term “national security.” Reprinted with permission from Future of Freedom Foundation . Related",0
4988,Fox’s Andrew Napolitano Stirred the Pot for Trump’s British Tempest - The New York Times,"Andrew Napolitano was a Superior Court judge in New Jersey until, frustrated by the constraints of his salary, he left the bench for more lucrative pastures: talk radio, a syndicated   court TV series (“Power of Attorney”) and, eventually, Fox News, where he rose to become the network’s senior legal analyst. It was in that   capacity this week that Mr. Napolitano managed to set off a cascading scandal, which by Friday had sparked a   tiff between Britain and the United States while plunging President Trump’s close relationship with Fox News into new, murkier territory. It was new ground for Mr. Napolitano, 66, who prefers being addressed as “The Judge” and once insisted that Fox News install bookshelves and   in his newsroom office, the better to resemble a judge’s chambers. But Mr. Napolitano’s unlikely leap into global politics can be explained by his friendship with Mr. Trump, whom he met with this year to discuss potential Supreme Court nominees. Mr. Napolitano also has a taste for conspiracy theories, which led him to Larry C. Johnson, a former intelligence officer best known for spreading a hoax about Michelle Obama. Let’s back up. The saga began on Tuesday on “Fox  Friends,” the chummy morning show, where Mr. Napolitano made a bizarre and unsupported accusation: Citing three unnamed sources, he said that Britain’s top spy agency had wiretapped Mr. Trump on behalf of President Barack Obama during last year’s campaign. Cable news blather, especially at that hour, usually vanishes at the commercial break. But on Thursday, Mr. Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, repeated the claim from the White House podium, infuriating British officials. On Friday, Fox News was forced to disavow Mr. Napolitano’s remarks. “Fox News cannot confirm Judge Napolitano’s commentary,” the anchor Shepard Smith said  . “Fox News knows of no evidence of any kind that the   of the United States was surveilled at any time, any way. Full stop. ” The terse declaration boosted the credibility of Fox News’s newsroom, which is often attacked as biased, but also put it in the awkward position of repudiating one of its featured contributors. And it could threaten the cozy dynamic between Mr. Trump, a frequent Fox viewer, and the network’s conservative hosts. Tucker Carlson, Sean Hannity and the prankster Jesse Watters are among the few television personalities to be granted    interviews with the president. Programs like “Fox  Friends” often serve as cheerleaders for him, and the network is increasing its focus on   conservatism: A new weekly series, hosted by a leader of the Brexit movement, Steve Hilton, will focus on   populism. Mr. Napolitano, who keeps a residence in Manhattan at Trump International Hotel  Tower on Central Park West, did not respond to inquiries on Friday. But Mr. Johnson, who was himself once a Fox News contributor, said in a telephone interview that Mr. Napolitano called him on Friday and requested that he speak to The New York Times. Mr. Johnson said he was one of the sources for Mr. Napolitano’s claim about British intelligence. Mr. Johnson became infamous in political circles after he spread false rumors in 2008 that Michelle Obama had been videotaped using a slur against Caucasians. In the interview on Friday, Mr. Johnson acknowledged his notoriety, but said that his knowledge of surveillance of Mr. Trump came from sources in the American intelligence community. Mr. Napolitano, he said, heard about his information through an intermediary. “It sounds like a Frederick Forsyth novel,” Mr. Johnson said. Mr. Trump refused to back down from the claims on Friday, and even praised Mr. Napolitano, telling reporters, “All we did was quote a very talented legal mind. ” The president’s next scheduled appearance on Fox News is Saturday night, when an interview will air between him and Mr. Watters, a host known for    interviews that have been denounced as offensive and, at times, racist. In a clip released on Friday, Mr. Watters asks Mr. Trump which celebrity he would most like to fire: Alec Baldwin, Senator Chuck Schumer or CNN’s president, Jeff Zucker. “I don’t want to say,” Mr. Trump replied. “But I will say I’m disappointed in all three. ”",0
4989,Melania Trump: From Small-Town Slovenia to Doorstep of White House - The New York Times,"SEVNICA, Slovenia  —   On days when Melanija Knavs could not play outside or grew tired of knitting her navy blue sweaters, she and her friends would exchange notes along the lines of yarn they strung between their apartment block balconies. In clear handwriting, Melanija mused about the boys of her dreams. She could not have seen what was coming. Melanija Knavs is now Melania Trump, and she is one election away from being the first   first lady since Louisa Adams. She addressed millions of Americans on Monday night in a televised speech at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. But interviews with her former classmates, friends of her family and others who knew them during her youth in Slovenia suggest that her transformation owes less to chance than to the Knavs family’s determination to seize openings and avoid getting stuck. Her father, a    personality who reminds her childhood friends of Mr. Trump, belonged to the Communist Party, an exclusive club whose members sometimes joined because of career ambitions as much as ideology. Her mother, an industrious and striking woman, went from harvesting red onions on her family’s farm to a career in the town’s textile factory. She always found time to make sure her two daughters dressed to impress, sewing clothes for them after her work shift ended. Ms. Trump herself trained her bright eyes on the next thing. Once she left Sevnica for high school in Ljubljana, now Slovenia’s capital, she rarely came back to see her old friends. Once she left Ljubljana for a modeling career in Milan and then elsewhere in Europe, Slovenia receded from view. And once she moved to New York, where she caught the eye of Donald J. Trump, 24 years her senior, during a Fashion Week party at the Kit Kat Club, she never looked back. “She tried to find opportunities,” said Damijan Kracina, 46, a high school classmate. “And took them. ” Ms. Trump, born in 1970, grew up in this hilly town of 4, 500 best known around Slovenia, at least until Mr. Trump entered the presidential race, for its medieval castle and annual salami festival. Then, Slovenia was the northern region of Yugoslavia, ruled by Josip Broz Tito, a Communist dictator who kept his distance from the Soviet Union and allowed more freedoms than did other Eastern bloc leaders. But under Tito, there were clear benefits to being a member of the Communist Party, to which only a tiny percentage of Slovenians belonged. Some inherited membership through parents, particularly if they had resisted the Nazis, as Tito had others by exhibiting unusual talent. While it is not clear how Ms. Trump’s father, Viktor, joined  —   available records in Ljubljana simply list him as a member  —   others from the Sevnica Communist Party mentioned his work as a driver for a neighboring mayor and then for the director of the   textile factory, Jutranjka, across the river, as possible entry points. While the Knavses, along with Ms. Trump, declined to be interviewed about their years in Slovenia, a spokeswoman for the Trump campaign, Hope Hicks, said that Mr. Knavs had never been an “active member” of the party. Mr. Trump, in an interview last month, said he had never discussed the topic with his   . “But he was pretty successful over there,” he said. “It’s a different kind of success than you have here. But he was successful. ” After being introduced by her husband on Monday night as “the next first lady of the United States,” Ms. Trump spoke about her love of the United States and her home country. “I was born in Slovenia, a small and   country,” she said, adding that her parents instilled in her a love of fashion, beauty and business, and  —   in a part of her speech that appeared to be copied nearly    from a 2008 speech by Michelle Obama  —   the value of working hard “for what you want in life. ” In 1972, the Knavses moved into a larger apartment in a new housing block for workers of the   textile factory, including Melania’s mother, Amalija, nicknamed Malci. She drew patterns for children’s clothes and later designed them, crossing the bridge to the factory every day in heels. Mr. Knavs, a traveling car salesman, spent a lot of time on the road. But when he was home, he was noticed. Friends say he had a jocular personality and a fondness for his Mercedes sedans and his coveted Maserati. Ms. Trump’s childhood friends recalled him incessantly washing the cars, but also carrying himself in a   way that now reminded them of Mr. Trump. “Donald and Melania are similar to Viktor and Amalija,” said Nena Bedek, who was close to Ms. Trump in childhood, and who added that she was “not surprised” that her friend had married someone similar to her father. “Melania was closer to her mother than her father. Viktor was often away, and Malci and the girls were often alone. ” Social life centered on the school down the block. Melania wrapped her notebooks in magazine perfume ads and kept her knitted sweaters in purple lockers. Friends say that she enjoyed geography lessons in a room adorned with maps of the world, and that she adored art class. The future creator of the QVC collection “Melania Timepieces  Jewelry” made bracelets there. When Tito died in 1980, her weeping classmates threw flowers as a train carrying his body rolled past on the way to Yugoslavia’s capital, Belgrade. In 1985, Melania left Sevnica, traveling on the narrow roads along the   Sava River, green from the reflection of the wooded hills, and through coal mining towns on the way to Ljubljana. There she attended the Secondary School of Design and Photography, housed in an arcaded Renaissance monastery. She lived in an apartment that her father, who had opened a bicycle and car parts shop in Ljubljana, had bought a few years earlier on the outskirts of the city. The building superintendent, Joze Vuk, lived on their floor, and he recalled that Mr. Knavs was displeased that after he had paid for his unit, the government decided to set aside some of the apartments as rentals for construction workers. “We were all angry because most of the residents were not prepared to invest in the block,” said Mr. Vuk, who also owned an apartment. “They were renters of a public property and did not care. ” Mr. Knavs sought to distinguish himself from his neighbors. “He always wore a tie, smart clothes and carried a briefcase,” Mr. Vuk said. “You could not avoid noticing him. ” Melania and her older sister, Ines, also stood out, for their looks, their wardrobe and the makeup they put on whenever they left the apartment. At school, Melania kept her distance from peers listening to the Cure or Metallica, Mr. Kracina said, and gravitated toward a clique of pop music fans who hung out at the Horse’s Tail bar by the Triple Bridge in Ljubljana. It was there that Peter Butoln, who prided himself on having Ljubljana’s only metallic blue Vespa, noticed Melania one night among the regulars dressed in bleached jeans and Benetton shirts, drinking Mish Mash (Fanta and wine) and chatting each other up. Now 17, Melania was abstemious and more wholesome than the other girls, he said, and they started dating. He would pick her up on weekends and drive her around on his Vespa, and they would dance badly to Wham in “a nice discothèque” by the cathedral. Mr. Butoln soon went into the army, and, after sending him a friendly postcard in her exact,   handwriting, Melania started dating one of his friends. “He had a red Vespa,” Mr. Butoln said, shrugging. Melania had also begun a process that would carry her away from Slovenia. In January 1987, the photographer Stane Jerko spotted her and asked if she would be interested in modeling. She proved somewhat wooden, but “pridna  —   diligent, obedient,” Mr. Jerko said. She told him she wanted to get better. Mr. Jerko passed the photographs he snapped of Melania  —   hair up, hair down, gym clothes, flowing dress  —   to a Slovenian cultural center, which admitted her to a fashion course for models in the fall of 1987. Melania’s entire family sensed potential in her modeling. After high school, she concentrated on her career, dropping out of architecture school. (She still claims on her website to have graduated.) On one occasion, Mr. Kravs drove his Mercedes to the shop of the seamstress Silva Njegac, hours from Ljubljana, to order leather dresses for Melania that his wife had designed. In 1992, a year after Slovenia’s independence, Mr. Jerko saw Melania on the catwalk at the Grand Hotel Toplice on Lake Bled. Twenty years later, she and Mr. Trump dined there with her parents. That day trip amounted to Mr. Trump’s only visit to Slovenia. “At least I can say that I went,” Mr. Trump said. When asked if his wife, who he said spoke warmly about her Slovenian youth, hoped for him to see her hometown, he added: “I went to Slovenia. The fact that I even went there was very much appreciated. ” A   finish in Jana magazine’s Slovenian Face of the Year contest in 1992 expanded Melania’s ambitions. In a fashion video for a Slovenian label, she wore a skirt suit, exited a plane shadowed by bodyguards and signed papers at the national library. “She was acting like the president of the United States,” said Andrej Kosak, the director. She would soon Germanize her name to Melania Knauss and become an international model. These days in Sevnica, where Ms. Trump made a $25, 000 contribution to a hospital after her 2005 wedding, residents are fascinated by tales of their local girl made great. The Slovenian news media brings the latest word of the Trump campaign, especially details from a recent article in GQ that revealed that Mr. Knavs had, before his marriage to Melania’s mother, fathered a child out of wedlock and then fought attempts to claim child support all the way to the country’s highest court, where he lost. The GQ reporter then began receiving   messages. “Because of story about half brother Denis, journalist is targeted by anonymous Trump supporters,” read a headline, accompanied by a photograph of a Melania in a plunging   dress, on the cover of the tabloid Svet 24. Ms. Trump’s parents spend much of the year with their daughter and her    son, Barron, at Trump Tower in Manhattan or at Mr. Trump’s    Club in Palm Beach, Fla. where they enjoy the pool. But they have also brought a whiff of the campaign back to Sevnica, where they now own a handsome house. Alongside the sloping lawn and the beige Mercedes, one finds security guards to turn away unwanted visitors. In Sevnica, Mr. Knavs has confided in Matej Novsak, his longtime mechanic, and complained recently about Mr. Trump’s   inconsistency. “ ‘One time it is this, the other time that,’ ” Mr. Novsak said Mr. Knavs had told him. The mechanic said that Mr. Knavs had also said that Mr. Trump was unwanted by Republicans and that he did not understand his wealthy   ’s need to pursue the presidency. “ ‘Why does he have to do it?’ ” the mechanic said Mr. Knavs had told him. When told of his  ’ bewilderment, Mr. Trump said, “They are not the only ones. ” Mr. Knavs is close enough to his    five years his junior, to accept his   . A few years ago, Mr. Knavs took two of Mr. Trump’s leather jackets  —   one black, one dark brown  —   to Ms. Njegac’s shop in Slovenia for alterations. The sleeves were too long. Meanwhile, his daughter, who is now an American citizen, has fit well into life with Mr. Trump. She has echoed his doubts about President Obama’s place of birth, given his campaign a touch of glamour and domesticity, and fully embraced his extravagant lifestyle. Mirjana Jelancic, a classmate of Ms. Trump’s who is now the principal of their old school, recalled a conversation she had over coffee last August with Ms. Trump’s mother. Ms. Knavs told Ms. Jelancic that she had asked her daughter what to do with all the sweaters she had knitted as a child. “ ‘Throw them away,’ ” Ms. Trump told her mother, who said she replied, testily, “Come home, pick some out and throw them away yourself. ” Ms. Jelancic suggested a compromise. Ms. Knavs now intends to donate those old clothes to a planned exhibit at the school dedicated to Melania Trump, the town’s most famous brand name.",0
4990,’Prey’ Review: An Immersive Though Sometimes Repetitive Sci-Fi Shooter RPG Hybrid - Breitbart,"Arkane Studios’ revival of the Prey franchise may not be the epic adventure we were once promised, but it’s a thrilling science fiction adventure in its own right  —   if you don’t fault its reliance on some   tropes.[  Prey is a hybrid   shooter and RPG in the tradition of titles like BioShock and Deus Ex. It takes place on a massive space station of the future, on an alternate timeline that saw JFK survive his assassination attempt and the nation made leaps in technology that we still have yet to master today. Progressive exploration is married to a dark science fiction that is heavy on the jump scares, via shadowy aliens who dash about the ruined complex, turning into desk lamps or computer equipment in order to ambush when you stray   close. But let’s start from the beginning, where Prey sets the stage. When I woke in an   apartment of the future, something immediately felt “off. ” There were dark streaks on the floor in the corner, but otherwise, everything was laid out with perfect care and attention. There was a sense of artificiality that plagued me from the moment the player character, Morgan Yu, rose from his bed, all the way through the private helicopter ride to his new workspace. And by the time the veil was violently ripped away, the dread had already begun to set in. The first moment of Arkane’s Prey had just the right combination of platonic luxury and   detail, and what followed was just the sort of mess that such a beginning suggests. But about a quarter of the way into the game, you’ll have already seen just about every trick the game has to offer. After that, your enjoyment depends a lot on how much you like recycling  —   both metaphoric and literal.  Prey’s tale of hubris and unethical experiments gone awry isn’t half so surprising as the game seems to think. Unknown parties lead you by the nose via commlink to objectives, drawing you toward their inevitable revelations. Along the way, voice recordings and diary entries are   of reworded instances of “Huh. That’s weird. But the boss says Everything’s Fine!” That isn’t to say the writing, though predictable, is bad. This is a perfectly competent Space BioShock, and the characterization works well enough to fill out the world with mildly interesting expository breadcrumbs to keep you poking around. But the heart of the game’s quality comes by way of its gameplay. Prey’s first person exploration and light   elements support a combination of moddable weapons and expanding skills that will be instantly familiar to anyone who has enjoyed Arkane’s previous efforts. The staples of   shooters are there, augmented by Deus   skills and crafting mechanics that are simple yet effective.  The game is also an unrepentant    asking you to scavenge every one of its ruined corridors of everything from unused explosives to discarded paper and banana peels. This often leads to an inventory that is bursting at the seams with junk that you need to save for recycling, making you feel more janitor than hero. Scanning through your inventory for something useful among piles of literal trash breaks up decent pacing and tends to destroy the tension of the moment. These odds and ends you can’t directly use, you can throw into a recycling machine to extract crafting components. From those, you can assemble weapons, ammunition, and even extra skill points by way of “neuromods. ” Neuromods are the heart of Prey, in the same way that “plasmids” were to Ken Levine’s subaquatic horror adventure BioShock. Morgan uses them to acquire skills and abilities that progress from the merely advanced to the outright superhuman. In the beginning, that means exceptional strength, or the ability to repair complex machinery. Later, you will be able to harness the abilities of the aliens themselves.  Prey is also adept at allowing different abilities to achieve objectives in different ways. While one person might roll between piled furniture in the form of a coffee mug, another might simply heft that machinery and toss it aside. Someone else might leap into the ventilation system above, crawling through a hatch. There is always a way to do just about anything you can think of, and it’s in these moments that the game shines. There are no “wrong” decisions in the massive   skill tree. Everything is somehow viable, so you are free to choose whatever suits your play style  —   or, in my case, free to become paralyzed with indecision by the array. Regardless, Prey is a game that allows your to choose your adventure, moment by moment. Gunplay is almost as interesting. The “GLOO” gun you receive early on is capable of turning any part of the station into a harrowing platformer by creating traversable outcroppings or paralyzing aliens under a barrage of   liquid adhesive. And while the shotgun is the most reliable  —   and least interesting  —   staple in your arsenal, it is far from the only choice available. Each weapon can have its stats enhanced, should you possess the requisite materials and skill to do so. Each is potentially viable from beginning to end, given the appropriate materials and attention.  Prey ameliorates much of its repeated backtracking by opening new avenues to progress, a la “Metroidvania” games. As your skills grow, and you become more comfortable with the environment, paths that seemed impossible instead become obvious. You will become a walking mass of neuromods, eventually capable of taking any number of paths to your victory.   …    Eventually. All of these gameplay elements become progressively better with time, but in contrast to the story, their beginnings suffer. In the opening hours of the game, combat is a frustrating slog through a multitude of enemies leaping and dashing around, while you flail haphazardly with a wrench. Because they move so fast, and you cannot take more than a few swings before your arm muscles simply give out, it becomes a tedious exercise in beating things senseless between pauses to use the food and medical supplies in your inventory. Some of that tedium is cushioned by creative use of the environment, but it remains an awkward beginning to a game that can feel fantastic once it  —   and the player  —   find their footing.  At the very least, Prey is a beautiful game. The environments are well thought out, with the sort of detailed verticality you might expect from the creators of   work like Dark Messiah of Might and Magic and Dishonored. For the most part, however, the setting is used less effectively. There is a considerable amount of time between being introduced to stealth mechanics and being able to use them in any practical manner. For much of the game, stealth means nothing more than getting the first shot off in combat before descending into yet another frantic encounter, guns (wrench?) blazing. For the most part, all of that clever architecture is just another way to stash collectible bits for the recycling stations. But for all of its uneven pacing and mechanics, Prey can be utterly fantastic. Moments spent drifting around in space outside of the station look, feel, and sound great. Each area of the station is visually distinct, and exploring their nooks and crannies is a consistently enjoyable experience. The weapons, once you’ve chosen your favorites and tailored them to your liking, are a lot of fun to use. The story, predictable or not, is consistently  . Prey is a solid but imperfect addition to Arkane’s library of quality titles. It is BioShock In Space, with a dab of Future Dishonored. Neither of those is necessarily a bad thing, even if that   smell has begun to fade. If you enjoy this particular blend of action, exploration, and environmental puzzle solving, Arkane’s Prey reboot makes for an easy recommendation. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
4991,"Peter Schweizer: Media Chases Trump-Putin Conspiracy Theories, Ignores Evidence of John Podesta’s Russia Ties","On Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily, SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked Breitbart News Senior Editor at Large Peter Schweizer about allegations that Hillary Clinton’s 2016 campaign chairman, John Podesta, may have violated federal law through his dealings with the Russians. [Schweizer said Podesta has “a very interesting relationship with Russia, going back to when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state. ”  “When she was secretary of state, he was an adviser. He sat on her foreign policy advisory board. We know from the Podesta emails that he was talking to her all the time on everything from speeches to personnel decisions to policy positions,” Schweizer elaborated. “In 2011, he joins the executive board of this small energy company in Massachusetts called Joule Energy,” Schweizer recalled. “And Joule Energy, about two months after he joins the executive board, gets a large infusion of cash. They get one billion rubles, which is about $35 to $45 million, invested from Russia. It comes from a very unusual entity, this entity called RUSNANO. ”  “RUSNANO is this   investment fund, called ‘Putin’s Child’ by the Russian Science Ministry, so it shows you how connected this fund is,” he explained. “They actually buy an equity stake in this John   company, which they can do. You can raise the question of why they’re doing it while he’s advising Hillary Clinton, but they can legally do that. ” “The problem for Podesta becomes when he joins the Obama White House as counselor to the president in 2013,” he continued. “In order to do that, he’s got to file those large, cumbersome, but I think essential financial disclosure forms where you list what boards are you on, that you are connected to or have been connected to in the last year, what entities. You’re also required to disclose your stock holdings. ”  “In the case of Podesta, there are two omissions. One of them is the way the Joule was structured, it has three corporate boards. It has one based in Massachusetts, one based in the Netherlands, and then it has a holding company. John Podesta, according to corporate records, was on all three of those boards. He only listed two of them on his financial disclosure. He omitted probably the most important one, which was the holding company,” said Schweizer. “Now, you could say okay, maybe it was just an omission. He listed two of the three that’s not bad,” he granted. “The problem is that he failed to disclose what he did with the 75, 000 shares of stock that he had in the company that were given to him as a board member. He gave them to his daughter through an LLC. ” “There’s a question of whether she actually owned them  —   and by that I mean the Podesta emails show that he had a   email conversation with Joule Energy executives and people connected with them, even though he ostensibly didn’t own stock anymore. But he failed to disclose that transaction. He failed to disclose the 75, 000 shares he owned that he gave to his daughter. That is a direct, clear violation of what you are supposed to disclose on these federal forms,” Schweizer said. Marlow noted there have been “zero pieces of hard evidence connecting the Trump campaign to the Russian government,” while “there is so much evidence, much of it uncovered by you, connecting the Clintons with the Russian government. ”  “And yet, the media is obsessed with one and not the other,” he said. Schweizer found the disparity of coverage interesting as well. “I’m a big believer that you need to investigate and look into things, particularly if you’re talking about foreign governments or foreign entities trying to influence our politicians,” he declared. “What we know right now about the Russia story as it relates to Trump is the relationship, as it were, amounts to meetings that some Trump officials had with people from Russia. Those Trump officials never really made it into the Trump administration  —   with the exception of Michael Flynn, who left pretty quickly,” he pointed out.  “The thesis that everybody is operating on is the Russians helped Trump win and Trump is going to do all these favors for Russia. The problem is, when you look at the personnel decisions, who’s running Russia policy in the United States  —   whether that’s General Mattis at the Pentagon, whether that is McMaster, the national security adviser, whether that’s the CIA director, whether that’s the director of Russia policy on the National Security Council, who’s a very solid scholar from the Brookings Institution  —   none of these are remotely ” he said.  “All you have is sort of this concern that the Russians were hacking during the election, which I think is a legitimate concern and a theory that hasn’t been proved, that there was a connection between the Trump campaign and the Russian government. There’s just been no evidence of that,” he noted.  “My point is both should be looked into, but you actually have very substantial things that went on when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state, that, number one, included the transfer of money to the Clintons and to John Podesta and number two, very serious favors done by the Hillary Clinton State Department to the Russians, including technology transfer, et cetera,” he said.  “The kind of scenario that people envision happened with Trump happened in the Clinton State Department. And yet, there seems to be a lack of interest in pursuing and investigating precisely what those relationships were and how everything was carried out,” Schweizer observed. Peter Schweizer is a senior editor at large for Breitbart News, president of the Government Accountability Institute, and author of the   Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
4993,California becomes second state to raise legal smoking age to 21,"California becomes second state to raise legal smoking age to 21 
  Ethan A. Huff, staff writer Tags: smoking age , California , prohibition (NaturalNews) If you're between the ages of 18 and 21, live in California and are a smoker, expect to be denied your favorite pack at the convenience store. Beginning in June, the new minimum age for officially jumped from 18 to 21, a prohibition move that lawmakers claim will curb the number of smokers in the Golden State, and ultimately help save lives.Joining both Hawaii and the city of Needham in Massachusetts, California is the third locale in the U.S. to raise the legal smoking age to 21. Officials there hope that, like in these other places, age restrictions on smoking will help reduce the number of smokers and minimize the number of individuals who develop smoking-related health conditions like emphysema and lung cancer.Citing statistics from Needham that show a nearly 50 percent reduction in the number of smokers in the five-year period following the change that was made in 2005, April Roeseler, head of the California public health department's Tobacco Control Program, told the Los Angeles Times that she expects similar reductions in her state.In Needham, the number of high schoolers smoking cigarettes fell by nearly half, according to a study published last year. And adult smoking rates in the town also fell from about 18.1 percent to a mere 8 percent – statistics that experts say can be replicated all across the country.""If we can push that age up where fewer and fewer people start smoking as a teen, it's likely that we will start to have some tobacco-free generations ,"" the Times quotes her as saying. Prohibition never works; people who want 'contraband' will find a way At this point, though, very little, if any, evidence exists to show that the rule change is working as intended. University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) professor Dr. Stanton Glantz, for instance, admitted to the Times that the policy still needs time to ""settle in."" The California Smokers' Helpline also says it hasn't noticed any increases in the number of callers in the prohibited age range trying to quit, which suggests that not much has changed.There's also the contraband factor – older kids still buying cigarettes for younger kids, for example, including those younger than the former threshold age of 18. Illegal buying has always been an issue, law or no law, which is something that the government never really seems to understand when it comes to issues of prohibition .""They're hanging out and partying together, so they'll just get someone else to buy,"" says Leonard Charles, the owner of a liquor store in Oakland. Charles says he strictly enforces the new cigarette age law, but believes that if somebody wants cigarettes, he or she is going to find a way, regardless of the law.In the internet age, cigarettes are also freely available to anybody with a WiFi connection. People can order cigarettes off the web and have them delivered right to their doorstep, which means that state-level restrictions are basically moot.And what about e-cigarettes? The State of California classifies e-cigs as a ""tobacco product"" just like cigarettes, and they are subject to the same laws. However, everybody has them these days, they're very discreet, and they don't produce that typical tobacco smell that's so hard to get out of a room , so trying to enforce restrictions against their use is next to impossible, say experts familiar with the reality of how easy it is to obtain tobacco, regardless of what the law says.When asked how the new law will realistically work in light of the fact that smoking laws often aren't effective, Glantz responded, ""The short answer is I don't know."" Sources for this article include:",0
4994,"Politics Over Principles: US Denies Philippines Weapons, Continues Arming Saudis","Country: Philippines Perhaps the biggest challenge the US faces regarding its credibility globally is the self-inflicted damage it does to its alleged principles and values as a center of global power. A perfect example of this is unfolding in the dramatic unraveling of US-Philippine relations where any and every means of finding leverage over Washington’s wayward ally is being brought to bear on Manila. The most recent manifestation of this occurred when the US blocked the shipment of US rifles destined for the Philippines’ police forces. PhilStar Global’s article, “ Duterte cancels rifle sale blocked by US over rights concerns ,” would report that: The US State Department had earlier halted the sale of about 26,000 rifles to the Philippines when US Sen. Ben Cardin said that he will oppose it due to concerns over human right violations attributed to the government’s war on drugs. At face value, and ignoring any wider context, it would appear that the United States took a moral stand on what would have otherwise been a lucrative arms deal and would have helped draw Washington and Manila closer together politically. However, zooming out slightly from Manila, the situation in Asia Pacific finds the US being incrementally pushed out of the region as a geopolitical power broker. As nations, including the Philippines rebuff the United States and its attempts to reassert itself vis-à-vis China, Washington has resorted to leveraging human rights issues, economic pressure and even covert political and military pressure to maintain its grip on each respective nation in the region. Putting pressure on Manila through a humiliating political stunt, not adhering to moral convictions, is the primary factor driving Washington’s decision to block its own delivery of weapons to the Philippines’ police forces. And beyond simply identifying the true motive of America’s recent stunt, there is the matter of overt hypocrisy to account for. Philippines Denied Rifles, Saudis Given Tanks, Warplanes and Bombs While the US poses as morally bound to block its weapons deal with the Philippines, it continues to supply the nation of Saudi Arabia with billions of dollars of advanced weaponry, including air-delivered munitions, warplanes and main battle tanks. In fact, according to the Guardian , in 2010 the US approved of a record weapons deal amounting to $60 billion, the largest such deal in US history. It included the delivery of additional F-15 fighters, Apache gunships and Black Hawk transport helicopters, many of the weapons now being used in armed aggression against neighboring Yemen. The war in Yemen prosecuted by Riyadh with US and European weaponry, has become a growing humanitarian disaster with even the US and Europe’s own human rights advocacy groups forced to acknowledge the growing abuses being carried out by America and Europe’s close Arab ally. And just this year, Reuters would report that the US Senate approved of an additional $1.15 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia for the delivery of over 130 M1 Abram main battle tanks as well as 20 armored recovery vehicles and addition equipment to support the newly acquired systems. Absent amid these immense weapon deals with Saudi Arabia, noted globally as a dictatorship, guilty of brutalizing its own people including through the use of public beheadings and torture, was any semblance of hesitation based on moral convictions. Indeed, the torrent of weapons the United States supplies the Saudis, in the face of a recent block on rifle sales to the Philippines, proves the United States places politics over principles. Special interests in Washington use such principles merely as a politically-convenient prop when the opportunity presents itself, and otherwise views such principles as a surmountable obstacle to be effortlessly skipped over. A United States guided by true convictions would be arming neither nation. A United States that sees convictions as politically convenient gimmicks, easily denies the Philippines rifles based on selective moral outrage while propping up a regime on the Arabian Peninsula that is brutalizing its people at home, prosecuting a devastating war in a neighboring nation and sponsoring terrorism worldwide. It is this lack of genuine, consistent moral principles that undermines the United States’ own self-declared status as a global leader, undermining its credibility along with the faith both Americans and foreigners alike have in the waning superpower. Ulson Gunnar, a New York-based geopolitical analyst and writer especially for the online magazine “ New Eastern Outlook ”. Popular Articles",0
4995,Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders Meet as Their Battle Ends - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   With little affection or trust between them, Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders met privately for nearly two hours on Tuesday night to size each other up as they started exploring what kind of alliance they might build for the general election battle against Donald J. Trump. Yet Mr. Sanders chose to withhold his endorsement of Mrs. Clinton, several Sanders advisers said, because he wants her to take steps to win his confidence before the Democratic convention, where his supporters expect him to speak and Clinton advisers hope he will give her his   backing. Aides to Mrs. Clinton said she had never expected his endorsement Tuesday night. A statement from the Clinton campaign after the meeting described it as “a positive discussion about their primary campaign, about unifying the party and about the dangerous threat that Donald Trump poses to our nation. ” They discussed issues like raising wages and reducing college costs, and “agreed to continue working on their shared agenda, including through the platform development process for the upcoming Democratic National Convention. ” The Sanders campaign released a nearly identical statement, though it emphasized that the two candidates also spoke about “how best to bring more people into the political process”  —   a reflection of the strong support for Mr. Sanders among young people and independents. Neither Democrat entered the meeting on sure footing, and both were a little tense, advisers in each camp said beforehand. At the end, they left the Capital Hilton through separate exits without speaking to the roughly two dozen reporters gathered there. Mrs. Clinton, who became the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee last week, spent the meeting trying to deduce what it would take to earn Mr. Sanders’s endorsement and whether he would seek policy concessions or political promises, several advisers said. Mr. Sanders focused on gauging the depth of Mrs. Clinton’s commitment to progressive goals like a higher minimum wage and lower financial burdens on college students, and to making the Democratic nomination process more open in the future. The chemistry between the two candidates was strained, in part, because Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders had not had any real chances to air grievances or blow off steam with each other away from the television cameras during their   fight for the nomination. Mrs. Clinton had a few such moments with Barack Obama before they sat down for their own      in 2008, which made it a little easier for them to come together, unite their party and win that November. In a sign that they are still adjusting to each other, Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders were joined in their meeting by Jane Sanders, Mr. Sanders’s wife Jeff Weaver, his campaign manager John D. Podesta, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman and Robby Mook, her campaign manager. Two advisers to Mr. Sanders said he thought Mrs. Clinton had said many of the right things at the meeting, but described him as concerned that she might embrace more politically moderate positions later if she thinks it necessary to win states like Florida, Ohio and Virginia. The advisers, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the campaign had not authorized them to speak, said Mr. Sanders felt no pressure to endorse Mrs. Clinton quickly. And he has leverage: He accrued about 12 million votes and nearly 1, 900 delegates, and in a New York   News poll last month, 28 percent of his supporters said they would not vote for Mrs. Clinton if she was the Democratic nominee. Mrs. Clinton picked up nearly 16 million votes and 2, 800 delegates. Whether Mr. Sanders endorses her enthusiastically and campaigns for her, or recognizes her as the nominee but otherwise withholds his blessing, is a significant concern for some Clinton advisers. Others in her campaign think that Democrats will ultimately unite because the possibility of a Trump victory is too great to ignore. Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders met on the day of the Democratic primary in Washington, D. C. the final contest of the nominating process. Mrs. Clinton won 79 percent of the vote. Mr. Sanders received a standing ovation when he dropped in at the Senate Democrats’ weekly lunch to speak about his campaign and pose for an official Senate photo with his colleagues. He has not been in the Capitol much of late according to his website, he has not cast a vote since Jan. 12. “It was very upbeat, very optimistic,” said Senator Gary Peters, Democrat of Michigan.",0
4996,Dr. Duke & Andrew Anglin the True Voice of the Republican Party!,"http://mediaarchives.gsradio.net/dduke/112216.mp3 Dr. Duke & Andrew Anglin the True Voice of the Republican Party! Today Dr. Duke had Daily Stormer publisher Andrew Anglin as his guest for the hour. The talked about the revolution that has occurred within the Republican Party. The Republican establishment did everything they could to stop Donald Trump, and now he is the president elect in spite of them. Andrew Anglin suggested that all Alt-Right people and white nationalists join the Republican Party in order to replace the establishment.
They also talked about the agenda of the incoming Trump administration. The personnel decisions he has made thus far and his communications with the press indicate that he will not back down from the platform he enunciated during the election campaign. 
This is another great show that you won’t want to miss. Please share it widely. 

Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern.",0
4997,What It Was Like Onstage During the Oscars 2017 Best Picture Mistake - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   It’s one of Hollywood’s most secretive and unusual jobs: Brian Cullinan, a partner at the accounting firm PwC, and a colleague are tasked with making sure the statuettes at the annual Academy Awards are correctly distributed. He stands in the wings of the Dolby Theater here in a tuxedo and pulls sealed envelopes out of a briefcase, giving the correct one to presenters as they walk onto the stage. This is the one night a year when the   PwC really gets to shine. The firm’s chief executive sits with stars in the audience. Mr. Cullinan walks the red carpet, where reporters often say he resembles Matt Damon. He told one TV crew that he had no nerves. “We’ve done this a few times,” he said before Sunday night’s show, “and we prepare a lot. ” He was so at ease, he even found time to tweet from backstage about Emma Stone as the show neared its climax. Whoops. In an epic bungle before 33 million viewers  —   one that could get his company fired as the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences’ accountant after 83 years and which robbed “Moonlight,” an     film, of its proper moment of celebration  —   Mr. Cullinan caused the   musical “La La Land” to be mistakenly named best picture at the 89th Academy Awards. PwC’s chief executive watched the scene from the third row. At the climactic moment backstage, a crew member shouted “Oh my God” as the jubilant producers of “La La Land” thanked their families. “He got the wrong envelope!” “He” was Warren Beatty, who, along with Faye Dunaway, presented the final award of the night. Mr. Beatty opened the envelope and, after some hesitation, handed it to Ms. Dunaway. She said that “La La Land,” about young California dreamers, was the winner. The crowd erupted in applause, and the “La La Land” team rushed the stage. Why did it take minutes to fix the error? “PwC sounded the alarm, but not right away,” Gary Natoli, the telecast’s stage manager, said in a text message. “It wasn’t until just before I jumped onstage that it was confirmed by both Brian and Martha as the winner being incorrect. ” Martha L. Ruiz, a PwC colleague of Mr. Cullinan’s who stood on the opposite side of the stage, and Mr. Cullinan apparently needed to find each other backstage to confer before speaking up. It was one of the most surprising reversals in Oscar history, as human error combined with live television to powerful,   effect. It also warped and dampened the euphoria of film executives and artists who had spent years working on the two movies. And for the academy, which had been criticized last year for failing to nominate any minority actors for the second consecutive year, there was a missed moment: Instead of a proper celebration of “Moonlight,” there was a televised scene of confusion, disbelief and astonishment. Backstage, Michael De Luca and Jennifer Todd, the telecast’s producers, were sitting at their monitors, Diet Cokes in hand. They were under the impression that the show was a wrap. But the scene quickly became chaotic, as it emerged that the winner was, in fact, “Moonlight,” a tender drama about a young, black man coming to terms with his homosexuality. “I’m holding the envelope and the award, and I had just given my speech, and there are people on the stage with headsets and I thought, ‘That doesn’t seem right,’” Jordan Horowitz, a “La La Land” producer, recalled. Exactly what happened in the moments leading up to the mistaken announcement was still being sorted out on Monday, but pieces of the story began falling into place. Mr. Cullinan  —   perhaps distracted by his Twitter feed  —   handed Mr. Beatty an envelope containing the name of the best actress winner, an award that had already been given to Ms. Stone of “La La Land. ” The next seven humiliating minutes would find Ms. Dunaway blurting out the wrong best picture winner, the   audience gasping and   and a dance onstage as “La La Land” producers gracefully made way for the “Moonlight” team. “I haven’t received any formal explanation,” Marc Platt, another member of the “La La Land” producing team, said on Monday afternoon. “There may have been disappointment in the moment, tremendous disappointment, but the good news is that I feel a unity in our community today. ‘Moonlight’ won best picture. But many voices in many kinds of films were honored. ” This account of the awards show’s frantic final moments was based on interviews with producers of both “La La Land” and “Moonlight” academy officials crew members for the telecast and PwC executives. Some provided information on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly. An academy spokeswoman directed queries to PwC. Another academy official said the organization had initiated a review of the backstage process and of the group’s association going forward with the accounting firm, which extends beyond balloting for the Oscars. “I read the card that was in the envelope,” Mr. Beatty told reporters on his way to the Governors Ball, a   party. “I thought, ‘This is very strange because it says best actress on the card.’ And I felt that maybe there was some sort of misprint. ” Pressed further, he said, “That’s all I have to say on the subject. ” Ms. Dunaway declined to comment. For its part, PwC expressed remorse. “We are owning this mistake,” said Tim Ryan, the United States chairman of PwC. “I’ve reached out to the academy. I’ve shared my personal apology, the firm’s apology, and I’ve begun to talk to them about things we can do to make it right. ” The firm declined to make Mr. Cullinan available for an interview, but it later said that once he mistakenly handed out the wrong envelope, “protocols for correcting it were not followed through quickly enough by Mr. Cullinan or his partner. ” In keeping with past practice, PwC prepared two identical sets of sealed envelopes before the Oscars show. Ms. Ruiz kept a complete set on one side of the stage, while Mr. Cullinan had another set on the other. It was Ms. Ruiz who handed the best actress envelope to Leonardo DiCaprio, who presented the award to Ms. Stone. (As they walked off the stage, Mr. DiCaprio handed her the envelope and said, “Make sure you keep this. ”) Next up: Mr. Beatty and Ms. Dunaway, reuniting to mark the 50th anniversary of “Bonnie and Clyde” and announce the best picture winner. It was then that Mr. Cullinan handed Mr. Beatty the spare   envelope instead of the   envelope. What led to the mistake by Mr. Cullinan was not known, but it could have to do with the envelope’s design. The academy used a new envelope this year, featuring red paper with gold outside lettering that specifies the award inside. That may have made the outside of the envelopes more difficult to read than last year’s, which featured gold paper and red lettering. Mr. Natoli, the stage manager, was the one who approached Mr. Horowitz, the “La La Land” producer, to see that the envelope he was holding was the spare announcing Ms. Stone’s acting win. “The guys in headsets were going around with urgency looking for the other envelope,” Mr. Horowitz said. “One of the guys opens it, and it says ‘Moonlight,’ and I took it onstage and went to the microphone and said what I said. ” Mr. Horowitz reacted quickly. “You guys, I’m sorry, no,” he said from the stage. “There’s a mistake. ‘Moonlight,’ you guys won best picture. ” For the filmmakers and actors in “Moonlight,” those final minutes were no less stunning. “We all looked at each other and were like, ‘Is this a joke? ’” the actor Andre Holland said later. “We waited and kept watching. We didn’t want to celebrate until we knew if it was a joke and whether this was really happening. ” As soon as the show ended, Dawn Hudson, the academy’s chief executive, jumped from her seat in the theater and marched backstage. Ms. Hudson and Cheryl Boone Isaacs, the academy’s president, gathered Ms. Dunaway, Mr. Beatty, the PwC accountants and other crew members into the theater’s green room. “I’ve never seen Dawn look that mad,” a crew member said.",0
4998,"For Whites Sensing Decline, Donald Trump Unleashes Words of Resistance - The New York Times","The chant erupts in a college auditorium in Washington, as admirers of a conservative internet personality shout down a black protester. It echoes around the gym of a central Iowa high school, as white students taunt the Hispanic fans and players of a rival team. It is hollered by a lone motorcyclist, as he tears out of a Kansas gas station after an argument with a Hispanic man and his Muslim friend. Trump Trump Trump  In countless collisions of color and creed, Donald J. Trump’s name evokes an easily understood message of racial hostility. Defying modern conventions of political civility and language, Mr. Trump has breached the boundaries that have long constrained Americans’ public discussion of race. Mr. Trump has attacked Mexicans as criminals. He has called for a ban on Muslim immigrants. He has wondered aloud why the United States is not “letting people in from Europe. ” His rallies vibrate with grievances that might otherwise be expressed in private: about “political correctness,” about the ranch house down the street overcrowded with day laborers, and about who is really to blame for the death of a black teenager in Ferguson, Mo. In a country where the wealthiest and most influential citizens are still mostly white, Mr. Trump is voicing the bewilderment and anger of whites who do not feel at all powerful or privileged. But in doing so, Mr. Trump has also opened the door to assertions of white identity and resentment in a way not seen so broadly in American culture in over half a century, according to those who track patterns of racial tension and antagonism in American life. Dozens of interviews  —   with ardent Trump supporters and curious students, avowed white nationalists, and scholars who study the interplay of race and rhetoric  —   suggest that the passions aroused and channeled by Mr. Trump take many forms, from earnest if muddled rebellion to deeper and more elaborate bigotry. On campuses clenched by unforgiving debates over language and inclusion, some students embrace Mr. Trump as a way of rebelling against the intricate rules surrounding privilege and microaggression, and provoking the keepers of those rules. Among older whites unsettled by new   neighbors, or suspicious of the faith claimed by their country’s most bitter enemies, his name is a call to arms. On the internet, Mr. Trump is invoked by anonymous followers brandishing stark expressions of hate and   surprisingly amplified this month when Mr. Trump tweeted a graphic depicting Hillary Clinton’s face with piles of cash and a   star that many viewed as a Star of David. “I think what we really find troubling is the mainstreaming of these really offensive ideas,” said Jonathan Greenblatt, the national director of the   League, which tracks hate groups. “It’s allowed some of the worst ideas into the public conversation in ways we haven’t seen anything like in recent memory. ” Mr. Trump declined to be interviewed for this article, and his spokesman declined to comment. Outside a former aircraft factory in Bethpage, N. Y. not far from a strip of halal butchers and Indian restaurants now known as Little India, a Long Island housewife who gave her name as Kathy Reb finished a cigarette on a spring evening. Nervously, she explained how she had watched the complexion of her suburb outside New York City change. “Everyone’s sticking together in their groups,” she said, “so white people have to, too. ” The resentment among whites feels both old and distinctly of this moment. It is shaped by the reality of demographic change, by a decade and a half of war in the Middle East, and by unease with the newly confident and confrontational activism of young blacks furious over police violence. It is mingled with patriotism, pride, fear and a sense that an America without them at its center is not really America anymore. In the months since Mr. Trump began his campaign, the percentage of Americans who say race relations are worsening has increased, reaching nearly half in an April poll by CBS News. The sharpest rise was among Republicans: Sixty percent said race relations were getting worse. And Mr. Trump’s rise is shifting the country’s racial discourse just as the millennial generation comes fully of age, more and more distant from the horrors of the Holocaust, or the   racism of Jim Crow. Some are elated by the turn. In making the explicit assertion of white identity and grievance more widespread, Mr. Trump has galvanized the otherwise marginal world of avowed white nationalists and   “race realists. ” They hail him as a fellow traveler who has driven millions of white Americans toward an intuitive embrace of their ideals: that race should matter as much to white people as it does to everyone else. He has freed Americans, those activists say, to say what they really believe. “The discussion that white Americans never want to have is this question of identity  —   who are we?” said Richard Spencer, 38, a writer and an activist whose   nonprofit is dedicated to “the heritage, identity and future of people of European descent” in the United States. “He is bringing identity politics for white people into the public sphere in a way no one has. ” Another Republican once sounded alarms about globalization, unchecked immigration and the looming obsolescence of   culture. But in two bids for the Republican nomination, that candidate, Patrick J. Buchanan, won a total of four states. Mr. Trump won 37. Mr. Buchanan’s 1992 and 1996 campaigns were dismissed as a political and intellectual dead end for Republicans. “I said, ‘Look, we’re the white party,’” Mr. Buchanan said in an interview from his Virginia home, recalling his attacks on multiculturalism and   immigration. “‘If this continues, we’re going the way of the Whigs.’ Everyone said, ‘That’s a terrible thing to say. ’” Mr. Buchanan was campaigning against a backdrop of overwhelming white political and cultural dominance in America. But in the years that followed, the number of immigrants living in the United States illegally would double and then triple, before leveling off under the Obama administration around 11 million. Deindustrialization, driven in part by global trade, would devastate the economic fortunes of white men accustomed to making a decent living without a college degree. Demographers began to speak of a    future when   whites would be a minority of the American population. In states like Texas and California, and in hundreds of cities and counties around the country, that future has arrived. “It is the changes that are taking place that have created the national constituency for Donald Trump,” Mr. Buchanan said. For many Americans, President Obama’s election, made possible in part by the rising strength of nonwhite voters, signaled a transcendent moment in the country’s knotty racial history. But for some whites, the election of the country’s first black president was also a powerful symbol of their declining   in American society. Work by Michael I. Norton, a professor at Harvard Business School, suggests that whites have come to see   bias as more prevalent than   bias, and that they think further black progress is coming at their expense. On talk radio and Fox News, complaints about bigotry are routinely dismissed as a mere hustle  —   blacks “playing the race card” or being racist themselves. And during Mr. Obama’s presidency, whites have increasingly seen his policies as freighted with preference toward blacks, according to data collected by Michael Tesler, a political scientist at the University of California, Irvine. Mr. Tesler used polling questions about the causes and depth of racial inequality  —   such as whether blacks suffer greater poverty because of discrimination or lack of effort  —   to classify people as either “racial conservatives” or “racial liberals. ” During Mr. Obama’s two terms, Mr. Tesler found, racial liberals accelerated their migration to the Democratic Party. As the 2016 campaign began, the Republican Party was not just the party of most white voters. It was also, to use Mr. Tesler’s phrase, the party of racial conservatism. Few politicians were better prepared than Mr. Trump to harness these shifts. While open racism against blacks remains among the most powerful taboos in American politics, Americans feel more free expressing worries about illegal immigrants and dislike of Islam, survey research shows. In Mr. Trump’s hands, the two ideas merged: During Mr. Obama’s presidency, he has become America’s most prominent “birther,” loudly questioning Mr. Obama’s American citizenship and suggesting he could be Muslim. When Mr. Obama ran for   few Americans said they disapproved of him because of his race. But they were comfortable citing his supposed religion. In 2012, according to surveys conducted for the Cooperative Congressional Election Study, a majority of Mitt Romney’s voters said Mr. Obama’s religion made them less likely to vote for him. Almost all of these voters believed he was not Christian, an opinion that closely correlated with conservative racial attitudes found in Mr. Tesler’s research. Mr. Trump “is speaking an   message  —   that Obama’s foreign, which is mixed in with being black, and perceptions that he is Muslim,” Mr. Tesler said. “It is a catchall for expressing ethnocentric opposition to Obama, without saying you’re against him because he’s black. ” In June 2015, two weeks after Mr. Trump entered the presidential race, he received an endorsement that would end most campaigns: The Daily Stormer embraced his candidacy. Founded in 2013 by a   named Andrew Anglin, The Daily Stormer is among the most prominent online gathering places for white nationalists and   with sections devoted to “The Jewish Problem” and “Race War. ” Mr. Anglin, 31, explained that although he had some disagreements with him, Mr. Trump was the only candidate willing to speak the truth about Mexicans. “Trump is willing to say what most Americans think: It’s time to deport these people,” Mr. Anglin wrote. “He is also willing to call them out as criminal rapists, murderers and drug dealers. ” Mr. Trump’s campaign electrified the world of white nationalists. They had long been absent from mainstream politics, taking refuge at obscure conferences and in largely anonymous havens online. Most believed that the Republican Party had been subverted and captured by liberal racial dictums. Many in this new generation of nationalists shun the trappings of   white supremacy, appropriating the language of multiculturalism to recast themselves as white analogues to La Raza and other civil rights organizations. They call themselves “race realists” or “identitarians”  —   conservatives for whom racial heritage is more important than ideology. But across this spectrum, in Mr. Trump’s descriptions of immigrants as vectors of disease, violent crime and social decay, they heard their own dialect. Mr. Spencer, a popular figure in the white nationalist world, said he did not believe that Mr. Trump subscribed to his entire worldview. But he was struck that Mr. Trump seemed to understand and echo many of his group’s ideas intuitively, and take them to a broader audience. “I don’t think he has thought through this issue in a way that I and a number of people have,” Mr. Spencer said. “I think he is reacting to the feeling that he has lost his country. ” This year, for the first time in decades, overt white nationalism   national politics. In Iowa, a new “super PAC” paid for   robocalls featuring Jared Taylor, a   race realist, and William Johnson, a white nationalist and the chairman of the American Freedom Party. (“We don’t need Muslims,” Mr. Taylor urged recipients of the calls. “We need smart,   white people who will assimilate to our culture. Vote Trump. ”) David Duke, the Louisiana lawmaker turned   radio host, encouraged listeners to vote for Mr. Trump. Modern political convention dictates that candidates receiving such embraces instantly and publicly spurn them. In 2008, when it was revealed that a minister who endorsed the Republican nominee, Senator John McCain, had made   and   remarks, Mr. McCain forcefully repudiated them. Mr. Trump did something different. Asked about the robocall, Mr. Trump seemed to sympathize with its message while affecting a vague  . “Nothing in this country shocks me I would disavow it, but nothing in this country shocks me,” Mr. Trump told a CNN anchor. “People are angry. ” Pressed, Mr. Trump grew irritable, saying: “How many times you want me to say it? I said, ‘I disavow. ’” Asked six weeks later about Mr. Duke’s support, he said he had been unaware of it: “David Duke endorsed me? O. K. All right. I disavow, O. K.?” Later, on Twitter, he repeated the phrase: “I disavow. ” Mr. Trump has often used those words when confronted by reporters. The phrase is comfortingly nonspecific, a disavowal of everything and nothing. And whatever Mr. Trump’s intentions, it has been powerfully reassuring to people on the far right. “There’s no direct object there,” Mr. Spencer said. “It’s kind of interesting, isn’t it?” Mr. Trump’s new supporters took his approach as a signal of support. In an interview on a “ ” radio show called “The Political Cesspool,” Mr. Johnson, of the American Freedom Party, praised Mr. Trump’s handling of the controversy. “He disavowed us,” Mr. Johnson acknowledged, “but he explained why there is so much anger in America that I couldn’t have asked for a better approach from him. ” Mr. Taylor, who has written that blacks “left entirely to their own devices” are incapable of civilization, and whose magazine, American Renaissance, once published an essay arguing that blacks were genetically more prone to crime, wrote on his blog that Mr. Trump had handled the attacks on him “in the nicest way. ” Like others in his world, Mr. Taylor does not know if Mr. Trump agrees with him on everything. In an interview, he suggested that it did not really matter, and that Mr. Trump was expressing the discomfort many white people felt about other races. “Ordinary white people don’t want the neighborhood to turn Mexican,” Mr. Taylor said, adding, “They just realize that large numbers of Mexicans will change the neighborhood in ways they don’t like. ” At a Trump rally last month in Richmond, Va. as at most Trump rallies, the audience was mostly white men. They strolled by police barricades in work boots or pressed khakis, grinning at a ragtag assortment of protesters nearby. In interviews, they complained about the Mexican flags brandished outside Trump events and wondered why the government was paying to fix up Section 8 houses for people with   iPhones. They recounted Hispanic   mocking them. “They’ll tell you straight to your face, ‘This is our country now  —   no more gringos! ’” said Nick Conrad, a sheet metal worker who wore a “Hillary Clinton for Prison”   and wraparound sunglasses. “They’re not in it for our culture. They’re not here to assimilate. ” Mr. Conrad shrugged. “He says what everyone thinks,” Mr. Conrad said of Mr. Trump. “He says what we’re all thinking. He’s bringing people together. We say, ‘Hey, that’s right we can say this. ’” Mr. Trump dismisses those who accuse him of embracing or enabling racism. “I’m the least racist person,” he declared in December in an interview with CNN. But on the flatlands of social media, the border between Mr. Trump and white supremacists easily blurs. He has retweeted supportive messages from racist or nationalist Twitter accounts to his nine million followers. Last fall, he retweeted a graphic with fictitious crime statistics claiming that 81 percent of white homicide victims in 2015 were killed by blacks. (No such statistic was available for 2015 at the time the actual figure for 2014 was 15 percent, according to the F. B. I.) In January and February he retweeted messages from a user with the handle @WhiteGenocideTM, whose profile picture is of George Lincoln Rockwell, the founder of the American Nazi Party. A couple of days later, in quick succession, he retweeted two more accounts featuring white nationalist or Nazi themes. Mr. Trump deleted one of the retweets, but white supremacists saw more than a twitch of the thumb. “Our Glorious Leader and ULTIMATE SAVIOR has gone full    to his most aggressive supporters,” Mr. Anglin wrote on The Daily Stormer. In fact, Mr. Trump’s Twitter presence is tightly interwoven with hordes of mostly anonymous accounts trafficking in racist and   attacks. When Little Bird, a social media data mining company, analyzed a week of Mr. Trump’s Twitter activity, it found that almost 30 percent of the accounts Mr. Trump retweeted in turn followed one or more of 50 popular   white nationalist accounts. At times, a circular current seems to flow between white nationalists and Mr. Trump on Twitter. Criticized for his recent message about Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Trump insisted that no allusion to Jews was intended and denounced reporters for drawing the connection. Mr. Trump’s social media director said in a statement that he had “lifted” the image from an   Twitter feed where “countless images appear. ” Among them, it turned out, was a series of photos of Mrs. Clinton’s head arranged in the shape of a swastika. The original image was later traced by Mic, an online magazine aimed at younger readers, to the politics section of 8chan, a message board ridden with   memes and racist images. There and on other message boards, such as 4chan and Reddit, Mr. Trump’s attacks on political correctness and illegal immigration resonate with a broader audience. Some claim membership in the “” a loose and contested term that can encompass white nationalists,   conservatives and anonymous trolls whose taunts are laced with GIFs and obscure internet slang. After Mr. Trump attacked a profile of his wife, Melania, in GQ, the article’s author, the journalist Julia Ioffe, who is Jewish, was inundated with   abuse on social media, including a cartoon depicting Ms. Ioffe in a concentration camp. Asked whether he condemned the attacks, Mr. Trump told an interviewer: “I don’t have a message to the fans. A woman wrote an article that’s inaccurate. ” Mr. Trump’s influence is playing out perhaps most vividly on college campuses, an otherwise deeply liberal redoubt where young people grapple openly and frenetically with their own race and identity. For a generation weaned on a diet of civic multiculturalism, supporting Mr. Trump breaks the ultimate taboo. Students writing Mr. Trump’s name and slogans in chalk have been accused of hate crimes and spurred calls for censorship. And on campuses frozen by unyielding political correctness and expanding definitions of impermissible speech, some welcome the provocation that Mr. Trump provides. Three days after a gunman claiming allegiance to the Islamic State killed 49 people in a gay club in Orlando, Fla. a crowd of college students gathered two blocks from the site of the massacre. They wore Trump hats or   and chanted, “Build that wall. ” They cracked jokes about trigger warnings or whether the sidewalk counted as a safe space. A few minutes later, a black S. U. V. pulled up, delivering Milo Yiannopoulos, a   gay conservative raised in London and now a minor celebrity among the  . Since 2014, Mr. Yiannopoulos has toured college campuses in the United States and England, staging a performance that is equal parts spectacle and stump speech. Mr. Yiannopoulos dismisses statistics on campus rape as an official fiction and favors the slogan “Feminism is a cancer. ” His barbs are directed chiefly at liberals, feminists and Black Lives Matter activists, all of whom routinely show up to protest or disrupt his speeches. His followers film these confrontations and share them enthusiastically on YouTube and Facebook. In one video, Mr. Yiannopoulos arrives at a speech on a sedan chair carried by several young men wearing Trump hats. “I knew I could have fun on campuses because they are so uptight and they are so ruled by the people I don’t like,” said Mr. Yiannopoulos, who considers himself a “  fundamentalist. ” He added, “Less cynically, they’re an important battleground. ” Shortly after the shooting, Mr. Yiannopoulos announced plans to speak at the University of Central Florida in Orlando. The university canceled his appearance, first citing a shortage of security personnel and then claiming that no suitable space was available on the   campus. Instead, Mr. Yiannopoulos spoke near the nightclub. He stood just feet from the network television encampments, though none had sent cameras or reporters to cover him. Wearing a dark pinstriped suit under the unrelenting Florida sun, he warned of a gathering menace from Muslim immigrants, sprinkling his speech with anecdotes about sexual assaults in Germany and   swimming pools. In Mr. Yiannopoulos’s telling, liberals were dupes and hypocrites, so blinded by glib multiculturalism that they could not even admit how dangerous Islam was to gay people, like the victims of the Orlando massacre. To cheers and whoops, he praised Mr. Trump’s plan to bar Muslims from entering the country. Afterward, fans lined up to get his autograph. Most seemed to be Trump supporters, but not all were conservative. Several described themselves as socially liberal or libertarian. A few said they just wanted to hear what Mr. Yiannopoulos had to say. “The setup of U. C. F. has very few places where people are allowed to speak,” said Allen Greathouse, a slender    from Melbourne, Fla. “You can only speak in the   zones. ” Another student, Simon Dickerman, said he was voting for Mr. Trump. He volunteered that he frequently visited 4chan, an online message board where users compete with one another to post ever more provocative content, from Nazi shorthand to racist cartoons. Mr. Dickerman said he understood why such images bothered some older people, though they carried little such charge to him and his friends. “Of course they don’t actually want Jews to die,” Mr. Dickerman said. “They want to shock. ” His peers, he added, “are kids who don’t really know about the Holocaust. ” “And they don’t care about history,” he said. “And some of them think it’s funny. ”",0
4999,Tumult in Turkey: What We Know and Don’t Know - The New York Times,"Military forces in Turkey attempted a coup on Friday, plunging the country into a long night of violence and intrigue. Hundreds of people were killed, and the embattled president’s location was unknown for hours. He later emerged, and by Saturday morning, the coup appeared to be unraveling. • President Recep Tayyip Erdogan returned to Istanbul early Saturday. Speaking at Istanbul Ataturk Airport, he blamed “a minority within the armed forces” for the coup attempt and said those responsible would “pay a heavy price for their treason to Turkey. ” He suggested that the plotters had tried to assassinate him on Friday with a bombing in the Turkish Mediterranean resort town of Marmaris. • Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said 265 people had been killed and 1, 440 had been wounded. Seventeen police officers were killed in a helicopter attack on the outskirts of Ankara, and 12 people were killed after a bomb was detonated at Parliament. • Thousands of    soldiers and officers linked to the coup were arrested on Saturday. “All of these guys will go to prison for life,” said Ilnur Cevik, an aide to Mr. Erdogan. • The White House said there were no indications that Americans were killed or injured in the violence. President Obama reiterated the United States’s “unwavering support for the democratically elected, civilian government of Turkey,” according to a statement. • Mr. Erdogan called on the U. S. to arrest or extradite Fethullah Gulen, a Muslim cleric living in exile in Pennsylvania, whom Mr. Erdogan accused of plotting against him. Mr. Gulen denied any role in the coup attempt, saying in a statement that he condemned it “in the strongest terms. ” Secretary of State John Kerry said the U. S. would listen to any inquiries. • It was not clear to what extent the coup forces had managed to gain control of important state facilities and institutions. • It was not clear who was behind the coup attempt, how much of the Turkish military supported it or why it had been mounted now. • It was not clear how the coup would affect   strike missions against the Islamic State from the Incirlik air base. The Pentagon  said on Saturday that Turkish authorities had at least temporarily halted flights. • Turkish Armed Forces The country’s military is a trusted institution, seen as the guardian of the secularist principles on which modern Turkey was founded. It has intervened in national politics a number of times, including three previous coups since 1960, and it maneuvered to oust an Islamist prime minister in 1997. The military has historically opposed interventions abroad, but it is not known how senior officers, many of them appointed by Mr. Erdogan, feel about his recent interventions in Syria. • President Recep Tayyip Erdogan An Islamist and populist who has been the dominant figure in the country for more than a decade, Mr. Erdogan came to power promising to overhaul the economy and give the country’s rural, more religious majority a bigger voice in the capital. More recently, he has grown increasingly autocratic and alienated many Turks as he cracked down on protests, took control of the news media and renewed war with Kurdish militants in the country’s southeast. • Fethullah Gulen Mr. Gulen is a former imam and onetime ally of Mr. Erdogan who now lives in   exile in the United States, with an extensive following in Turkey. He has promoted a more liberal stream of Islam, and his ideas are popular with the country’s police and intelligence establishments, though not necessarily the military. Mr. Erdogan accused Mr. Gulen and his supporters, whom he has called terrorists, of being responsible for the coup he has repeatedly accused Mr. Gulen of plotting against him in the past. The Gulen movement denied involvement in the coup attempt and denounced any military intervention in Turkey’s domestic affairs. • Republican People’s Party The leftist main opposition party is considered not as   as the governing Justice and Development Party. It has been trying to find a way to break Mr. Erdogan’s political grip, but it would not be likely to benefit from a coup in the past, the military has tended to sideline leaders of all political parties when it took power. • NATO and the United States Turkey has been an American ally and a NATO member since 1952. Though the Obama administration has criticized Mr. Erdogan’s crackdown on civil society in Turkey, the United States sees him as a stabilizing and mainly   leader in a volatile region. The   coalition fighting the Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq makes heavy use of Incirlik Air Base in Turkey.",0
5000,These 12 Female Activists Are Making The World A Better Place Right Now,"These women are changing the world as we speak. Credit: Jiri Rezac 
Women are typically at a disadvantage in nearly every country in the world, but just how much depends on that country’s culture. For some, it’s a struggle of equality in a variety of areas and for others it’s the immense problem of barely being seen as a person, let alone someone with rights. That’s why many women are facing these issues head on and working to make a huge difference in the world as we know it. 
Though many people hear about the female activists that made great strides to get their country to where it is today, people often don’t know about today’s activists. Read about the amazing women below to find out who is advocating for women and humanity around the world. Asieh Amini: Honor Killings Credit: Norsk Literatturfestival 
Born in northern Iran, the region allowed women to own property, work on farms, and wield social power. Amini didn’t see the true injustices that women in her country faced until she was working as a journalist and heard of young girls being sentenced to death, by being hanged or stoned, if they engaged in sex without being married, even if they had been raped. 
She first advocated for a 19-year-old girl named Leyla who had the mental capacity of an 8-year-old and was repeatedly raped by family members throughout her life. She was sentenced to be stoned to death, but Amini took charge of the situation and pressured the presiding judge into releasing Leyla. 
These “honor killings” take place because the honor held in the family is more important than a woman’s life, whether she made the choice to have sex or was raped. 
Amini has dedicated her life to fighting this horrific practice in her nation, despite the dangers she faces in doing so. She uses her literary background and passion to raise awareness and save the lives of women throughout the country. Though she advocates for this in Iran, she works from Norway because the death threats against her became so severe. Rashmi Misra: Education in India Credit: Namu Kini 
Many children, especially girls, are being left behind as the fastest-growing country in the world has failed to improve their system of education. India has not improved their infrastructure for schools, has a huge shortage of teachers, and most of their students drop out for various reasons. 
Rashmi Misra was first struck by the irony of the educational system when she witnessed 5 young girls playing in a drain pipe by an IIT campus in 1985. While the institute worked to educate young adults, mostly men, these girls had no access to even a primary school education. She opened her home to these young children to help them learn and wound up helping 200,000 underprivileged children, youth, and women in Delhi, Mumbai, and Bangalore thus far. 
She provides a rigorous education for children from poor families and her efforts have garnered international recognition. Her schools are now called Vidya Schools and one of their focuses is on empowering young girls and women by providing free education, lessons on entrepreneurial skills, microfinance, and other areas that are invaluable to a woman’s livelihood and career. Nanfu Wang and Ye Haiyan: Sexual violence in China Credit: China Film Insider 
These two women go hand-in-hand as they worked together to expose cases of sexual violence that occurred in China and were swept under the rug because they involved powerful figures. Haiyan is called “Hooligan Sparrow,” and Wang helped to visually document their work by filming a documentary. 
As the government learned of their activist work, they were subjected to harassment, interrogations, and even imprisonment. But their findings forced them to question what was more important: revealing the truth to stop these injustices or protecting themselves by remaining quiet. 
One case they worked on together was the reported sexual abuse of 6 elementary school girls by their school principal. Using secret recording devices, such as those in her glasses, Wang filmed an alarming number of undercover security agents on the streets placed there to prevent the activists from continuing on. 
Despite these obstacles, Wang was able to leave the country with her smuggled footage to created the film Hooligan Sparrow, which exposes the injustices and has become a world-renowned documentary. Safa al Ahmad: Free speech in Saudi Arabia Credit: Janne Louise Andersen 
The number of restrictions that women face in Saudi Arabia is shocking, and for Safa al Ahmad these limitations are continuously made possible because the government-controlled media. She has famously said, “Facts are a special commodity in Saudi Arabia.” 
When the Arab Spring shook the nation, Al Ahmad illegally filmed the peaceful uprisings that took place in an effort to raise awareness about what was actually occurring in the nation. She had to smuggle the footage out in order to distribute “Saudi’s Secret Uprising,” but her work didn’t stop there. 
The lack of freedom of speech became so bad that teenagers were arrested and sentenced to death from posting on Facebook, and this is one reason that Al Ahmad continues to document the uprisings throughout the Middle East to advocate for freedom of speech and women’s rights. 
Despite receiving death threats both online and in-person as she returns to the ground to document the unrest, Safa has no plans of yielding. Liya Kebede: Safe childbirth in Ethiopia Credit: Lemlem 
Everyday, over 800 women die from complications related to pregnancy and childbirth and another 30 are sent home from the hospital with long-term illnesses and injuries. 
Supermodel Liya Kebede, who was born and raised in Ethiopia, had knowledge of the unsanitary and unsafe conditions mothers are subjected to when giving birth and decided to take action. She started her foundation, named after herself, after first becoming a WHO Goodwill Ambassador for Maternal, Newborn, and Child Health. 
The foundation focuses on training healthcare professionals, mostly in Africa, to ensure safer births and to provide low-cost technology and community-based education programs. In one of the health centers that the foundation works with, successful hospital deliveries rose by 50% in 12 months . 
Kebede has used her celebrity to further her goals for improving the health of women by writing for The Huffington Post and discussing her foundation when featured in Vogue and The Daily Beast. Brittany Packnett: Racial equality in the US Credit: The Huffington Post 
The U.S. has always faced issues in regards to racial equality, and the most recent attacks against the systematic suppression of black people involves police disproportionately shooting and killing unarmed black men. 
In the fight for social justice, as instances of these shootings are being made more public through social media, Brittany Packnett has become a leader in the movement of demanding justice for these crimes and in improving impoverished black communities. 
According to the Guardian , “She’s a co-founder of We The Protestors and Campaign Zero, a platform to end police violence. She served on the Ferguson Commission, the President’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing and builds culturally responsive educators at Teach For America.” 
Packnett’s extensive background in addressing issues that people of color face makes her a force to be reckoned with, and she has even acknowledged that the conversations need to include black women and the LGBTQ community to make the movement for racial equality more effective. Sonita Alizadeh: Child marriage in Afghanistan Credit: The Salt Lake Tribune 
When Sonita Alizadeh was 10 and living in Afghanistan, her parents attempted to sell her off as a bride, but the deal fell through when her family fled the Taliban instead and moved to Iran. Alizadeh has said that she was so young that she didn’t understand what being married off even entailed. 
At the age of 16, her parents attempted to sell her again because they wanted to raise $9,000 for her older brother to buy a bride. By selling Sonita, they figured they could get that money from whomever bought her. She had been self-educating herself and knew that this was not what she wanted, and instead rebelled and refused to move back to Afghanistan, where her parents were living. 
Her outrage over child marriages manifested itself in a video she filmed of her rapping about the injustice. Titled “Brides for Sale,” the song became immensely popular amongst women that faced this issue and attracted the attention of a U.S. nonprofit, who brought Sonita over to the states, where she now lives in Utah and attends school on a full scholarship. 
She continues to write songs that are fiercely feminist and address the barriers that women face around the world. A documentary was made about her fight for gender equality, titled Sonita , and has been met with exceptionally good response. 
Since 57% of Afghanistan’s girls are married off before they are 19, Sonita’s work has the potential to inspire women to stand up against child marriages and effect change in their nation. Melina Laboucan-Massimo: Indigenous rights in Canada Credit: Jiri Rezac 
In Canada, it’s suspected that there are over 4,000 missing and murdered indigenous women whose cases were swept under the rug. The nation has long struggled with appropriately working with indigenous people to bring justice to these crimes and end the oppression of aboriginals. 
Melina Laboucan-Massimo’s sister was murdered, and when she was met with law enforcement officials who didn’t care about the case, she took action. Her history of advocating for indigenous rights helped her take her activism to the next level as she fought against this horrible tragedy and her nation’s inappropriate way of dealing with it. 
Now she works as an advocate for the environmental and the cultural revitalization of indigenous people as well as an advocate for these missing and murdered indigenous women. Fortunately, Prime Minister Trudeau has now taken office after conservative Stephen Harper and has made this issue a priority to help aboriginal people going forward. 
Laboucan-Massimo’s work is far from over, but it’s always great when the country an activist is working in gains an ally that is high up and ready to help. Mary Beard: Internet harassment Credit: BBC 
Children, young adults, and women experience bullying and abuse on social media everyday and, since the Internet is such an open and lucrative space, it’s difficult to stop it. Girls and women are faced with harassment more often because of sexist views that exist in every country, and that’s what Mary Beard is trying to put an end to. 
The scholar of classical literature is one of the many women who knows what it’s like to be attacked online for her beliefs but is one of the few people who confronts the perpetrators. She says that the content of the messages is a “predictable menu of rape, bombing, murder, and so forth.” 
While most sit back and ignore or block the people sending hateful messages, she broadcasts the messages to shame the people so that they don’t go unpunished. She also responds to them by trying to enlighten them and is surprisingly effective in her efforts. 
Dubbed “The Troll Slayer” by The New Yorker, the profile hails her online activism as courageous, hilarious, and ingenious. Her troll slaying is making social media a safer place for women as she continues to combat and convert trolls into never trolling other women again. Esther Ibanga: Women-led peaceful protests Credit: Niwano Peace Foundation 
Nigeria has been a place of perpetual periods of peace and conflict for several years because of the diverse ethnicities and religious groups that exist within the nation. 
Esther Ibanga recognized this destructive pattern of tentative peace and war and realized that empowered women could stop this madness. As a Nigerian pastor, she has already defied social norms and was no stranger to feminist values and beliefs. 
She started the Women Without Walls Initiative , which brings together women from a variety of backgrounds and trains them to make peace between their groups. By educating women and building conflict-resolution, mediation, and dialogues between warring parties, her goal is for ethno-religious violence to become a thing of the past and to create peace in the country. 
Her efforts also focus on developing poor communities, aiding displaced persons, and empowering the youth. She has also continuously advocated for the “Bring Back Our Girls” campaign, which is listed in more detail below. Obiageli Ezekwesili: #BringBackOurGirls Credit: All Africa News Desk 
The “Bring Back Our Girls” campaign demands that the 230 girls that are still missing after being stolen by Boko Haram terrorists be returned to their families. The girls are suspected of being forced into marriages, rape, and conscription as suicide bombers. 
Though a handful of girls were able to escape in the beginning, most of the 270+ girls taken in the mass abduction have not been recovered since they went missing in 2014. Obiageli Ezekwesili quickly mobilized the activists that followed her through grassroots efforts to bring attention to the issue, and the campaign garnered international attention. 
Ezekwesili still works to bring the remaining girls home, and continues her work against corruption and social injustice. Her work within the government and as co-founder of Transparency International has helped to bring an end to corruption. Berta Caceres: Environmental activism Credit: Goldman Environmental Prize 
Being an activist in any country is inherently dangerous, as that means going up against people of power with endless money and resources to keep activists quiet. In 2015, 185 environmental activists were murdered around the world for their opposition to destructive practices by industrial corporations, meaning their work is dangerous but necessary. 
Berta Caceres was one of the people murdered in Honduras, as she used her voice to oppose the construction of a damn on indigenous land. Similar to what’s happening with protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline in the U.S. right now, indigenous people opposed construction because it was unlawful and unnecessary. 
Caceres’ tireless work led her to be shot and killed in her own home. She ousted people with power for their involvement in the coup that led to the fall of democratic Honduras, including Hillary Clinton , and was killed for her efforts in exposing this injustice. 
The activists’ death has sparked more outrage towards the government and against destructive practices as they try to combat climate change. 
What are your thoughts on these activists’ work? Please share, like, and comment on this article! 
This article ( These 12 Female Activists Are Making The World A Better Place Right Now ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com 
Do you like our independent & investigative news? Then please check these two settings on Facebook to guarantee you don't miss our posts:",0
5001,African Migrants Brutally Rape Swedish Teen Leave Male Friend With Brain Damage,"Two migrants have been given sentences of three and     years for beating a young man almost to death before violently raping his female friend. The government will try to deport only one of them, temporarily. [The Freie Zeiten reports that three teenage girls and one male friend met for a party at an apartment in Kista, near Stockholm, citing Solna District Court documents.  One of the girls invited a    migrant from Liberia, Richelieu Jarara, with whom she was acquainted. This man brought another African migrant, a Kenyan named Fayed Mwangi, with him. Before long, the migrants began sexually harassing the girls. Matters quickly escalated from there, with the pair conferring briefly before spraying their friend in the face with pepper spray. The Freie Zeiten describes how they then beat and kicked the man with “brutal force”  leaving him with “multiple cerebral haemorrhages, severe swelling and bruises all over his body, as well as bone fractures and open wounds”. The three girls, as well as the attackers, thought the young man had been beaten to death, with Jarara actually uploading a video to Snapchat in which he made light of having “killed a guy”. He was, in fact, still alive, but unconscious and permanently brain damaged. Jarara’s younger companion,    Mwangi, is said to have “strangled” one of the girls when she tried to intervene, slamming her into a wall and “hurling” her to the floor. The Kenyan then grabbed another of the girls by the hair, dragged her into the bedroom and raped her. She was also strangled, with the Kenyan threatening to strike her if she screamed. The ordeal was finally brought to an end when a neighbour burst into the apartment, allowing the girls to flee. According to the Fria Tider, the court sentenced Mwangi to just     years for his crimes, despite his having raped another woman in May 2016. The government will attempt to deport him afterwards  —   although he will be allowed to return to the country after ten years, and judges have prevented other European countries, such as the United Kingdom, from following through on deporting criminal migrants after their sentences in the past. Jarara, who has a string of previous convictions for crimes including theft, serious bodily injury, and resisting arrest, was given a slightly longer sentence  —   three years  —   but he will not be deported.",0
5002,Trump Tweets Support for L.L. Bean Against Leftist Boycott,"  tweeted his support for L. L. Bean, the clothing and outdoor equipment company, in response to a leftist effort to boycott the company because one of its 50   donated money to a   political action committee (PAC). [The donor, Linda Bean, is one of the members of the family that founded the company. She donated $60, 000 to the Making America Great Again LLC PAC, which is reportedly being converted to a super PAC so that it can accept the donation legally. The maximum individual contribution to a regular PAC allowed in the 2016 election was $5, 000 per individual.  A   campaign called “#GrabYourWallet” subsequently added L. L. Bean to its list of companies to consider boycotting, solely because, according to its online boycott spreadsheet, “Company leader raised funds for Trump PAC. ” In response, and in apparent reaction to media coverage of the controversy over the past few days, Trump tweeted his support for Bean and the company: Thank you to Linda Bean of L. L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L. L. Bean. @LBPerfectMaine,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 12, 2017,  Critics, such as Mara Liasson of National Public Radio, argued that Trump was not just defending a business from a boycott, but attempting to pick “winners and losers” in the economy for political reasons. Obama frequently plugged his favorite companies at several points in his presidency. In 2012, he called JP Morgan Chase “one of the best managed banks there is. ” At the time, Obama had more than $500, 000 in funds in an account at the bank. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
5003,Macron: Merkel’s Open Door Migrant Policy ’Saved Our Dignity’,"French   presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has said German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s   mass migration policy has “saved our collective dignity,” and warned that criticism of Merkel was a “disgusting simplification. ”[Macron affirmed that even after the Islamic State attack in Berlin, committed by Tunisian migrant Anis Amri, he supports the migrant policy of Chancellor Merkel.  Expressing his admiration for Germany, he told German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung, “Chancellor Merkel and the whole of German society were at the same level of our [French] common values. They saved our collective dignity, by accepting, accommodating, and educating distressed refugees. ” The former economy minister, who announced his presidential candidacy in   added it was a “disgusting simplification” when Merkel was accused of surrendering her own capital and the whole of Europe with the admission of over one million migrants from the Middle East and Africa. In response to questions of securing the continent against terrorism, Macron called for more European Union (EU) integration, including an expansion of the European Border Agency. He said EU nations “also need to overcome national unwillingness and create a joint intelligence system. ” Macron is deemed the election’s “third man” behind the Republicans’ François Fillon and Front National’s Marine Le Pen. The former Socialist Party member and protégé of François Hollande claimed he is “neither on the left nor on the right” and that his policies are a “progressive” appeal to voters who want France to be “open” and  . In October, Macron had said he believed France, after over a year of deadly terror attacks including in Nice and Paris, had disproportionately ‘targeted’ Muslims and suggested the country should be less stringent in applying its rules on secularism. Macron’s comments come following the New Year’s addresses of French President Hollande and German Chancellor Merkel, whose countries’ citizenries are set to go to the polls this year. Merkel, who is running for a fourth term as chancellor, defended her migrant policy, telling the German people that Germany will fight the “hatred” of terrorism with “humanity” and “unity. ” Hollande denounced nationalism in his address, his comments roundly criticised by presidential candidate Le Pen who stated that after the populist victories of Trump and Brexit, the French share the worldwide “aspiration for independence” in the fight against globalism.",0
5004,Green Party’s Margaret Flowers Challenges US Senate Debate in Maryland as Undemocratic,"2016 elections by BAR editor and columnist, Dr. Marsha Adebayo 
The “revolving, rigged system” that purports to be American democracy was revealed in all its corporate vulgarity on a Baltimore university stage, last week. Two U.S. Senate candidates of the duopoly parties pretended to support the Green Party’s candidate’s right to join the debate, but failed to protest when cops hauled her away. “This was their ‘Rosa Parks’ moment when they could have stood for integrity and democracy” -- but failed the test. Green Party’s Margaret Flowers Challenges US Senate Debate in Maryland as Undemocratic by BAR editor and columnist, Dr. Marsha Adebayo 
“ The corporate media and the political duopoly collaborated to ensure that the Green Party message would not be heard.” 
US corruption during this campaign season is on full display for the entire world to ponder. No one paying even scant attention can deny the thin veneer that is used to hide state sponsored police murder of Africans, structural poverty and the cozy relationship between the 1% rulers in the Democratic and Republican parties. Green Party candidates, such as Jill Stein, Ajamu Baraka and Margaret Flowers have forced sunlight’s disinfectant power to expose a rigged, racist and revolting political system that politically and economically devours communities of color, condones police murders of Black youth, intentionally exposes communities, like Flint, Michigan, to poisoned water, promotes drone warfare and the pilfering of the natural resources of Africa and South America. 
The system, however is finding it more difficult to block out the voices of dissent. Such was the situation this week at the University of Baltimore College of Public Affairs where Dr. Margaret Flowers, the Green Party candidate for the Maryland US Senate seat, was refused the opportunity to participate in the only televised debate alongside Democratic Congressman Chris Van Hollen and Republican state Del. Kathy Szeliga. The corporate media and the political duopoly collaborated to ensure that the Green Party message would not be heard. The sham excuse used to exclude Flowers was that her poll numbers had not reached 15%. But, of course it is difficult to reach the magic number of 15% in the polls when one is systematically excluded from debates and public events. This is the revolving rigged system that Black people know so well. 
“When the police came to escort her off the stage neither candidate provided a meaningful protest of the anti-democratic process unfolding.” 
When the rigged debate started, audience members called for Dr. Flowers to join Van Hollen and Szeliga. Shouts of “let her speak” could be heard from the audience. Responding to the audience, Dr. Flowers took her place on the stage shaking hands with both candidates. Standing on the stage, she turned her attention to the audience and said: 
“I think it’s important for voters to understand the differences between myself and Congressman Van Hollen and Delegate Szeliga.” With the police moving on stage to remove her, she said, …”I mean, you say you’re a public university and you want to educate the public, but without having a full public discussion, that doesn't actually happen.” 
While Van Hollen and Szeliga seemed to agree with Dr. Flowers participating in the debate, when the police came to escort her off the stage neither candidate provided a meaningful protest of the anti-democratic process unfolding. Delegate Szeliga noted that a third podium was available but both politicians remained silent while Dr. Flowers was forced to leave the stage. This was their “Rosa Parks” moment when they could have stood for integrity and democracy but Van Hollen and Szeliga, failed to show the smallest amount of courage, leadership and commitment to anything greater than their individual ambitions and desire for power. 
Margaret was escorted by police to a sidewalk outside the debate hall and that symbolically represents the state of US democracy. 
After church on Sunday, a sister said to me, “I know a lot of Black folks are going to vote for Hilary Clinton but I can’t vote for the lesser of two evils. I’ve decided to vote for Jill Stein. I’m going to vote my conscience!” My only response after agreeing with her analysis was to add, “Don’t forget to also vote for Margaret Flowers.“ 
Dr. Margaret Flowers of Green Party Interrupts Maryland Senate Televised Debate: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix98YXLWUJg 
Margaret Flowers Campaign Information: http://www.flowersforsenate.org Dr. Marsha Adebayo is the author of the Pulitzer Prize nominated: No FEAR: A Whistleblowers Triumph over Corruption and Retaliation at the EPA . She worked at the EPA for 18 years and blew the whistle on a US multinational corporation that endangered South African vanadium mine workers. Marsha's successful lawsuit led to the introduction and passage of the first civil rights and whistleblower law of the 21st century: the Notification of Federal Employees Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act). She is Director of Transparency and Accountability for the Green Shadow Cabinet and serves on the Advisory Board of ExposeFacts.com.",0
5005,Informed Patient? Don’t Bet On It - The New York Times,"We want to let you in on a secret. As your oncologists, we’d like to treat you with two, or three, or four different chemotherapy drugs, each of which has distinct side effects, some of which can kill you. Or, if we were cardiothoracic surgeons, we might tell you that we need to crack your chest open to repair your damaged heart valve, and for that to happen you’ll need to undergo anesthesia from which you may never wake up. As doctors, our goal is to help you, of course, and to do no harm. But we may actually hurt you, irreversibly. Not that this happens frequently, but it might. How does that sound? Ready to take the plunge? The secret is that informed consent in health care is commonly    informed. It might be a document we ask you to sign, at the behest of our lawyers, in case we end up in court if a bad outcome happens. Unfortunately, it’s often not really about informing you. In schools, teachers determine what students know through tests and homework. The standard is not whether the teacher has explained how to add, but instead whether the student can add. If we were truly invested in whether you were informed, we’d give you a quiz, or at least ask you to repeat back to us what you heard so we could assess its accuracy. Instead, our script frequently looks more like this: There’s a sort of collusion that takes place, and we’re all complicit. Over your lifetime of seeing us, we have trained you that we will look impatient and concerned if you say you didn’t understand something or if you have a lot of questions. After all, we’re busy and have other patients to see. Shame on us. We’ve been on the receiving end of this, too. We have both undergone medical procedures ourselves for which a colleague asked us to acknowledge that we were properly informed. We said we were, fearing disappointing our doctor if we said otherwise. Unfortunately the farce of informed consent only worsens in medical research. Before you can enroll in a clinical trial of a cancer drug, we’ll hand you a   document that describes the trial’s purpose, its design, the medications you’ll receive, other standard treatments, and the complications you may suffer. Oh, and we’ll tell you that you are responsible for any medical costs not covered by insurance or the trial sponsor. That’s for the lawyers, again. We will then ask you to sign the final page, acknowledging your understanding and your agreement to participate in the trial. When is the last time you read a   document from beginning to end? But maybe it’s O. K. if you don’t read it. Some people don’t want to hear about potential bad outcomes. Others trust their doctors to recommend what’s best for their health, and find comfort in handing decisions about interventions like chemotherapy or heart surgery over to another. We tell our patients that if it makes their cancer journeys any easier, we will do the worrying for them. And we really do wring our hands about our decisions, and rend our garments over bad outcomes that result from our recommendations. A fundamental challenge with this process is that it is often unrealistic to think that you actually could be fully informed of what you’re about to undergo. How can we explain to you the experience of having your chest cracked open, or what it feels like when you go through chemotherapy? Neither of us has undergone heart surgery, or treatment for cancer, and we don’t kid ourselves that any depiction of the experience we provide will be enough. We’d love for you to help us do a better job of informing you, though. So here’s our request: ■ Ask us to use common words and terms. If your doctor says that you’ll end up with a “simple iliac ileal conduit” or a “urostomy,” feel free to say “I don’t understand those words. Can you explain what that means?” ■ Summarize back what you heard. “So I should split my birth control pills in half and take half myself and give the other half to my boyfriend?” That way, if you’ve misunderstood what we did a poor job of explaining, there will be a chance to straighten it out: “No, that’s not right. You should take the whole pill yourself. ” ■ Request written materials, or even pictures or videos. We all learn in different ways and at different paces, and “hard copies” of information that you can take time to absorb at home may be more helpful than the few minutes in our offices. ■ Ask for     and most likely scenarios, along with the chance of each one occurring. ■ Ask if you can talk to someone who has undergone the surgery, or received the chemotherapy. That person will have a different kind of understanding of what the experience was like than we do. ■ Explore alternative treatment options, along with the advantages and disadvantages of each. “If I saw 10 different experts in my condition, how many would recommend the same treatment you are recommending?” ■ Take notes, and bring someone else to your appointments to be your advocate, ask the questions you may be reluctant to, and be your “accessory brain,” to help process the information we are trying to convey. We’ve seen too many patients regret decisions that they made without fully understanding their options, or the possible outcome. We encourage our patients, and our colleagues, to be partners in what are often   decisions about health care.",0
5006,Assange: Clinton Is a Cog for Goldman Sachs & the Saudis,"  Recipient Email => 
Whistleblower Julian Assange has given one of his most incendiary interviews ever in a John Pilger Special, courtesy of Dartmouth Films, in which he summarizes what can be gleaned from the tens of thousands of Clinton emails released by WikiLeaks this year. 
John Pilger, another Australian émigré, conducted the 25-minute interview at the Ecuadorian Embassy, where Assange has been trapped since 2012 for fear of extradition to the US. Last month, Assange had his internet access cut off for alleged “interference” in the American presidential election through the work of his website. ‘Clinton made FBI look weak, now there is anger’ 
John Pilger: What’s the significance of the FBI’s intervention in these last days of the U.S. election campaign, in the case against Hillary Clinton? 
Julian Assange : If you look at the history of the FBI, it has become effectively America’s political police. The FBI demonstrated this by taking down the former head of the CIA [General David Petraeus] over classified information given to his mistress. Almost no-one is untouchable. The FBI is always trying to demonstrate that no-one can resist us. But Hillary Clinton very conspicuously resisted the FBI’s investigation, so there’s anger within the FBI because it made the FBI look weak. We’ve published about 33,000 of Clinton’s emails when she was Secretary of State. They come from a batch of just over 60,000 emails, [of which] Clinton has kept about half – 30,000 — to herself, and we’ve published about half. BREAKING: #Assange : #Clinton resisted #FBI , and now they’re out for payback (WATCH FULL JOHN PILGER EXCLUSIVE ON RT) https://t.co/b4q0WfkQJn pic.twitter.com/In1VZi0WcG 
— RT (@RT_com) November 5, 2016 
Then there are the Podesta emails we’ve been publishing. [John] Podesta is Hillary Clinton’s primary campaign manager, so there’s a thread that runs through all these emails; there are quite a lot of pay-for-play, as they call it, giving access in exchange for money to states, individuals and corporations. [These emails are] combined with the cover up of the Hillary Clinton emails when she was Secretary of State, [which] has led to an environment where the pressure on the FBI increases. ‘Russian government not the source of Clinton leaks’ 
JP: The Clinton campaign has said that Russia is behind all of this, that Russia has manipulated the campaign and is the source for WikiLeaks and its emails. 
JA: The Clinton camp has been able to project that kind of neo-McCarthy hysteria: that Russia is responsible for everything. Hilary Clinton stated multiple times, falsely, that seventeen U.S. intelligence agencies had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That is false; we can say that the Russian government is not the source. 
WikiLeaks has been publishing for ten years, and in those ten years, we have published ten million documents, several thousand individual publications, several thousand different sources, and we have never got it wrong. ‘Saudi Arabia & Qatar funding ISIS and Clinton’ 
JP: The emails that give evidence of access for money and how Hillary Clinton herself benefited from this and how she is benefitting politically, are quite extraordinary. I’m thinking of when the Qatari representative was given five minutes with Bill Clinton for a million dollar cheque. 
JA: And twelve million dollars from Morocco … 
JP: Twelve million from Morocco yeah. 
JA: For Hillary Clinton to attend [a party]. 
JP: In terms of the foreign policy of the United States, that’s where the emails are most revealing, where they show the direct connection between Hillary Clinton and the foundation of jihadism, of ISIL, in the Middle East. Can you talk about how the emails demonstrate the connection between those who are meant to be fighting the jihadists of ISIL, are actually those who have helped create it. 
JA: There’s an early 2014 email from Hillary Clinton, not so long after she left the State Department, to her campaign manager John Podesta that states ISIL is funded by the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar. Now this is the most significant email in the whole collection, and perhaps because Saudi and Qatari money is spread all over the Clinton Foundation. Even the U.S. government agrees that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIL, or ISIS. But the dodge has always been that, well it’s just some rogue Princes, using their cut of the oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. 
But that email says that no, it is the governments of Saudi and Qatar that have been funding ISIS. 
JP: The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the Saudis and the Qataris, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation while Hilary Clinton is Secretary of State and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly to Saudi Arabia. 
JA: Under Hillary Clinton, the world’s largest ever arms deal was made with Saudi Arabia, [worth] more than $80 billion. In fact, during her tenure as Secretary of State, total arms exports from the United States in terms of the dollar value, doubled. 
JP: Of course the consequence of that is that the notorious terrorist group called ISIl or ISIS is created largely with money from the very people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation. 
JA: Yes. 
JP: That’s extraordinary. ‘Clinton has been eaten alive by her ambition’ 
JA: I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick; they faint as a result of [the reaction] to their ambitions. She represents a whole network of people and a network of relationships with particular states. The question is how does Hilary Clinton fit in this broader network? She’s a centralising cog. You’ve got a lot of different gears in operation from the big banks like Goldman Sachs and major elements of Wall Street, and Intelligence and people in the State Department and the Saudis. 
She’s the centraliser that inter-connects all these different cogs. She’s the smooth central representation of all that, and ‘all that’ is more or less what is in power now in the United States. It’s what we call the establishment or the DC consensus. One of the more significant Podesta emails that we released was about how the Obama cabinet was formed and how half the Obama cabinet was basically nominated by a representative from City Bank. This is quite amazing. 
JP: Didn’t Citybank supply a list …. ? 
JA: Yes. 
JP: … which turned out to be most of the Obama cabinet. 
JA : Yes. 
JP: So Wall Street decides the cabinet of the President of the United States? 
JA: If you were following the Obama campaign back then, closely, you could see it had become very close to banking interests. Assange ‘sorry for Clinton as a personality’ (John Pilger exclusive, courtesy of Dartmouth films) https://t.co/6Yw748WCnb pic.twitter.com/Abf0VFg6zy 
JA: So I think you can’t properly understand Hillary Clinton’s foreign policy without understanding Saudi Arabia. The connections with Saudi Arabia are so intimate. ‘Libya is Hillary Clinton’s war’ 
JP: Why was she so demonstrably enthusiastic about the destruction of Libya? Can you talk a little about just what the emails have told us – told you – about what happened there? Because Libya is such a source for so much of the mayhem now in Syria: the ISIL, jihadism, and so on. And it was almost Hillary Clinton’s invasion. What do the emails tell us about that? 
JA: Libya, more than anyone else’s war, was Hillary Clinton’s war. Barak Obama initially opposed it. Who was the person championing it? Hillary Clinton. That’s documented throughout her emails. She had put her favoured agent, Sidney Blumenthal, on to that; there’s more than 1700 emails out of the thirty three thousand Hillary Clinton emails that we’ve published, just about Libya. It’s not that Libya has cheap oil. She perceived the removal of Gaddafi and the overthrow of the Libyan state — something that she would use in her run-up to the general election for President. 
So in late 2011 there is an internal document called the Libya Tick Tock that was produced for Hillary Clinton, and it’s the chronological description of how she was the central figure in the destruction of the Libyan state, which resulted in around 40,000 deaths within Libya; jihadists moved in, ISIS moved in, leading to the European refugee and migrant crisis. 
Not only did you have people fleeing Libya, people fleeing Syria, the destabilisation of other African countries as a result of arms flows, but the Libyan state itself err was no longer able to control the movement of people through it. Libya faces along to the Mediterranean and had been effectively the cork in the bottle of Africa. So all problems, economic problems and civil war in Africa — previously people fleeing those problems didn’t end up in Europe because Libya policed the Mediterranean. That was said explicitly at the time, back in early 2011 by Gaddafi: ‘What do these Europeans think they’re doing, trying to bomb and destroy the Libyan State? There’s going to be floods of migrants out of Africa and jihadists into Europe, and this is exactly what happened. ‘Trump won’t be permitted to win’ 
JP: You get complaints from people saying, ‘What is WikiLeaks doing? Are they trying to put Trump in the Whitehouse?’ 
JA: My answer is that Trump would not be permitted to win. Why do I say that? Because he’s had every establishment off side; Trump doesn’t have one establishment, maybe with the exception of the Evangelicals, if you can call them an establishment, but banks, intelligence [agencies], arms companies… big foreign money … are all united behind Hillary Clinton, and the media as well, media owners and even journalists themselves. 
JP: There is the accusation that WikiLeaks is in league with the Russians. Some people say, ‘Well, why doesn’t WikiLeaks investigate and publish emails on Russia?’ 
JA: We have published about 800,000 documents of various kinds that relate to Russia. Most of those are critical; and a great many books have come out of our publications about Russia, most of which are critical. Our [Russia]documents have gone on to be used in quite a number of court cases: refugee cases of people fleeing some kind of claimed political persecution in Russia, which they use our documents to back up. 
JP: Do you yourself take a view of the U.S. election? Do you have a preference for Clinton or Trump? 
JA: [Let’s talk about] Donald Trump. What does he represent in the American mind and in the European mind? He represents American white trash, [which Hillary Clinton called] ‘deplorable and irredeemable’. It means from an establishment or educated cosmopolitan, urbane perspective, these people are like the red necks, and you can never deal with them. Because he so clearly — through his words and actions and the type of people that turn up at his rallies — represents people who are not the middle, not the upper middle educated class, there is a fear of seeming to be associated in any way with them, a social fear that lowers the class status of anyone who can be accused of somehow assisting Trump in any way, including any criticism of Hillary Clinton. If you look at how the middle class gains its economic and social power, that makes absolute sense. ‘US attempting to squeeze WikiLeaks through my refugee status’ 
JP: I’d like to talk about Ecuador, the small country that has given you refuge and [political asylum] in this embassy in London. Now Ecuador has cut off the internet from here where we’re doing this interview, in the Embassy, for the clearly obvious reason that they are concerned about appearing to intervene in the U.S. election campaign. Can you talk about why they would take that action and your own views on Ecuador’s support for you? 
JA: Let’s let go back four years. I made an asylum application to Ecuador in this embassy, because of the U.S. extradition case, and the result was that after a month, I was successful in my asylum application. The embassy since then has been surrounded by police: quite an expensive police operation which the British government admits to spending more than £12.6 million. They admitted that over a year ago. Now there’s undercover police and there are robot surveillance cameras of various kinds — so that there has been quite a serious conflict right here in the heart of London between Ecuador, a country of sixteen million people, and the United Kingdom, and the Americans who have been helping on the side. So that was a brave and principled thing for Ecuador to do. Now we have the U.S. election [campaign], the Ecuadorian election is in February next year, and you have the White House feeling the political heat as a result of the true information that we have been publishing. 
WikiLeaks does not publish from the jurisdiction of Ecuador, from this embassy or in the territory of Ecuador; we publish from France, we publish from, from Germany, we publish from The Netherlands and from a number of other countries, so that the attempted squeeze on WikiLeaks is through my refugee status; and this is, this is really intolerable. [It means] that [they] are trying to get at a publishing organisation; [they] try and prevent it from publishing true information that is of intense interest to the American people and others about an election. 
JP: Tell us what would happen if you walked out of this embassy. 
JA: I would be immediately arrested by the British police and I would then be extradited either immediately to the United States or to Sweden. In Sweden I am not charged, I have already been previously cleared [by the Senior Stockholm Prosecutor Eva Finne]. We were not certain exactly what would happen there, but then we know that the Swedish government has refused to say that they will not extradite me to the United States we know they have extradited 100 per cent of people whom the U.S. has requested since at least 2000. So over the last fifteen years, every single person the U.S. has tried to extradite from Sweden has been extradited, and they refuse to provide a guarantee [that won’t happen]. 
JP: People often ask me how you cope with the isolation in here. 
JA: Look, one of the best attributes of human beings is that they’re adaptable; one of the worst attributes of human beings is they are adaptable. They adapt and start to tolerate abuses, they adapt to being involved themselves in abuses, they adapt to adversity and they continue on. So in my situation, frankly, I’m a bit institutionalised — this [the embassy] is the world .. it’s visually the world [for me]. 
JP: It’s the world without sunlight, for one thing, isn’t it? 
JA: It’s the world without sunlight, but I haven’t seen sunlight in so long, I don’t remember it. 
JP: Yes. 
JA: So , yes, you adapt. The one real irritant is that my young children — they also adapt. They adapt to being without their father. That’s a hard, hard adaption which they didn’t ask for. 
JP: Do you worry about them? 
JA: Yes, I worry about them; I worry about their mother. ‘I am innocent and in arbitrary detention’ 
JP: Some people would say, ‘Well, why don’t you end it and simply walk out the door and allow yourself to be extradited to Sweden?’ 
JA: The U.N. [the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention] has looked into this whole situation. They spent eighteen months in formal, adversarial litigation. [So it’s] me and the U.N. verses Sweden and the U.K. Who’s right? The U.N. made a conclusion that I am being arbitrarily detained illegally, deprived of my freedom and that what has occurred has not occurred within the laws that the United Kingdom and Sweden, and that [those countries] must obey. It is an illegal abuse. It is the United Nations formally asking, ‘What’s going on here? What is your legal explanation for this? [Assange] says that you should recognise his asylum.’ [And here is] 
Sweden formally writing back to the United Nations to say, ‘No, we’re not going to [recognise the UN ruling], so leaving open their ability to extradite. 
I just find it absolutely amazing that the narrative about this situation is not put out publically in the press, because it doesn’t suit the Western establishment narrative – that yes, the West has political prisoners, it’s a reality, it’s not just me, there’s a bunch of other people as well. The West has political prisoners. Of course, no state accepts [that it should call] the people it is imprisoning or detaining for political reasons, political prisoners. They don’t call them political prisoners in China, they don’t call them political prisoners in Azerbaijan and they don’t call them political prisoners in the United States, U.K. or Sweden; it is absolutely intolerable to have that kind of self-perception. 
JA: Here we have a case, the Swedish case, where I have never been charged with a crime, where I have already been cleared [by the Stockholm prosecutor] and found to be innocent, where the woman herself said that the police made it up, where the United Nations formally said the whole thing is illegal, where the State of Ecuador also investigated and found that I should be given asylum. Those are the facts, but what is the rhetoric? 
JP: Yes, it’s different. 
JA: The rhetoric is pretending, constantly pretending that I have been charged with a crime, and never mentioning that I have been already previously cleared, never mentioning that the woman herself says that the police made it up. 
[The rhetoric] is trying to avoid [the truth that ] the U.N. formally found that the whole thing is illegal, never even mentioning that Ecuador made a formal assessment through its formal processes and found that yes, I am subject to persecution by the United States. (Reprinted from RT by permission of author or representative)",0
5007,So-called ‘Patient Zero’ not behind the spread of HIV in US,"So-called ‘Patient Zero’ not behind the spread of HIV in US Published time: 27 Oct, 2016 00:50 Get short URL Gaëtan Dugas (February 20, 1953 – March 30, 1984), Canadian flight attendant and alleged patient zero for AIDS. © Wikipedia Since 1987, the so-called “Patient Zero” of HIV was believed to be a Canadian flight attendant, blamed for importing the virus that causes AIDS into the US. New research has determined that he was not the first infected person in the US, however. 
Gaetan Dugas has been blamed for the appearance of AIDS in the US. However, research from the University of Arizona has exonerated Dugas, no longer the first villain in the deadly epidemic. 
Dugas was first identified as “ Patient Zero ” in Randy Shilts’ 1987 bestseller about the AIDS epidemic, titled ‘And the Band Played On.’ The former Air Canada flight attendant died of AIDS in 1984, but new discoveries about the genetic makeup of the AIDS virus have revealed that Dugas was not the source of the infection in the US, merely another victim of the disease during its earliest days. New antibody therapy suppresses #HIV for 2+ months without side effects – study https://t.co/bZWJQrHf5o pic.twitter.com/8YFtN0oK8w — RT America (@RT_America) June 25, 2016 
Michael Worobey, the evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona, led the study that pieced together the genetic sequence of the HIV virus, using eight blood samples collected from gay and bisexual men during a hepatitis B study between 1978 and 1979, Reuters reported . 
What Worobey and his team discovered was that AIDS first came to the US by way of the Caribbean in 1970 or 1971. Instead of originating in California and spreading eastward via Dugas, as it was long believed, the spread of AIDS was actually the opposite. 
Dugas did link cases in New York City to California and was found to carry HIV-1 sequences attributed to early mutations of the infection, but the study found “ no evidence that Patient O was the first person infected by this lineage. ” 
"" The virus got to New York City pretty darn early ,"" Worobey told NPR. 
Dugas’ reputation for being the first AIDS patient did not come from science, but rather a simple misinterpretation of the letter “ O. ” The urban legend began in the early 1980s, when behavioral scientist William Darrow was working with the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to try to discover what was behind the mysterious deaths of gay men in Los Angeles, NPR reported. 
Darrow caught a break when he learned of rumors that the early cases of AIDS actually involved lovers. 
“ Whoa! This is the first indication that we had that the disease might be sexually transmitted from one person to another ,"" Darrow told NPR. 
Dugas appeared on Darrow’s radar when three unconnected men named him as a lover. His name was mentioned by more men, until he was connected to eight early AIDS cases. 
When Darrow went to write up his findings, he coded the men’s names to preserve their anonymity. The majority of them were from the Los Angeles area and were identified as such. 
"" There was LA1, LA2 ... and so forth, "" Darrow explained. 
But when it came to the French-Canadian flight attendant, Dugas was identified as ""Patient O,” the outside-of-California case. That is an O, as in Oscar. Not a zero. 
"" I never labeled him Patient Zero, ” Darrow said. Insurers discriminating against HIV/AIDS patients via drug costs – study http://t.co/kYYil7NjxZ pic.twitter.com/bs92vGJV54 — RT America (@RT_America) January 29, 2015 
However, the designation caused some confusion back at the CDC, where someone referred to Dugas as “ Patient Zero. ” This error was not corrected and Darrow went with it, but explained that “ Patient O ” was meant to show “ there was some person who was very important in this cluster of cases. "" 
This mistake followed Dugas even after his death. When Shilts first read about the Canadian, he originally believed he was described as “ Patient O, ” but then heard CDC employees call him “ Patient Zero. ” 
“I thought, 'Ooh, that's catchy’,” he told Life magazine. 
From that point onward, Dugas became known as “ Patient Zero ” in Shilts’ book. Amid the panic surrounding the disease, the media ran with Dugas being to blame for the epidemic and spread misinformation that the Canadian was the first person diagnosed with the disease in the US. 
The fact that Dugas’ HIV sequence offered little difference from the many other people who were infected at the time was often forgotten and his reputation as “ Patient Zero ” overshadowed the assistance he offered the CDC in recognizing and studying HIV, according to Darrow. 
"" To me, there's something nice about going back and correcting the record, "" Worobeysays. "" He has been blamed for things that no one should be blamed for. """,0
5008,5 Things To Know About The Electoral College - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Nation Puts 2016 Election Into Perspective By Reminding Itself Some Species Of Sea Turtles Get Eaten By Birds Just Seconds After They Hatch WASHINGTON—Saying they felt anxious and overwhelmed just days before heading to the polls to decide a historically fraught presidential race, Americans throughout the country reportedly took a moment Thursday to put the 2016 election into perspective by reminding themselves that some species of sea turtles are eaten by birds just seconds after they hatch. Cleveland Indians Worried Team Cursed After Building Franchise On Old Native American Stereotype CLEVELAND—Having watched in horror as their team crumbled after a 3-1 World Series lead, members of the Cleveland Indians expressed concern Thursday that the organization has been cursed for building their franchise on an incredibly old Native American stereotype. Report: Election Day Most Americans’ Only Time In 2016 Being In Same Room With Person Supporting Other Candidate WASHINGTON—According to a report released Thursday by the Pew Research Center, Election Day 2016 will, for the majority of Americans, mark the only time this year they will occupy the same room as a person who supports a different presidential candidate. Nurse Reminds Elderly Man She’s Just Down The Hall If He Starts To Die DES PLAINES, IL—Assuring him that she’d be at his side in a jiffy, local nurse Wendy Kaufman reminded an elderly resident at the Briarwood Assisted Living Community that she was just down the hall if he started to die, sources reported Tuesday. ",0
5009,Idaho Town Is Rattled Months After Reports of a Brutal Assault - The New York Times,"DIETRICH, Idaho  —   Anonymous phone callers from distant area codes have unleashed tirades of invective on the residents of this tiny rural town. Strangers cruise its paved and dirt roads, seeming to drive through just for a look. And come fall, Dean Grissom’s   and    grandchildren will be going to another school. “Their parents think the kids aren’t safe,” said Mr. Grissom, 57, who works for the Idaho Fish and Game agency. He said that sending the children to classes in Shoshone, eight miles away, was unnecessary in his view, but that he understood the parents’ fears. A town he loves has been damaged. There is a lot of debate here about what happened at the town’s only school on Oct. 23 after a football practice: an assault, a racist attack, bullying, a failure of supervision by school officials, or some combination. Hardly anyone disputes, though, that this town of 350 people has been shaken to the core. State and local prosecutors say that several white football players bullied and brutally assaulted a mentally disabled black teammate in a locker room that October day, shoving a coat hanger into his rectum while other boys held his arms. Two of the players accused in the attack were charged as adults with felony sexual assault and could face life in prison if convicted. A third teammate has been charged as a juvenile. A preliminary hearing on the criminal charges is scheduled for Friday. In addition, a $10 million federal civil suit was filed last month by the boy’s adoptive parents, Tim and Shelly McDaniel, who are white. In it, they accused the school district and its administrators, trustees, employees and volunteers of failing in their legal duty to protect the McDaniels’ son, who they say endured months of racist taunts, humiliation and physical abuse. After the   attack, the boy required treatment at two hospitals for rectal injuries. “The school district and individual defendants acted with deliberate indifference to the harassment, humiliation, mental and physical abuse and mistreatment of the plaintiff by students of the district and thereby permitted and caused him to be bullied, beaten and raped,” the lawsuit said. In big ways and small, the repercussions of both the crime and the family’s response are already rippling out, no matter what happens in court or at the school, which has 245 students in grades  . Mr. McDaniel, 60, who has taught science at the school for 21 years, put the family’s house up for sale last month and is looking for work elsewhere. The cars and trucks that sometimes slowly cruise by out front, he said, and the funny looks he gets around town have unnerved him and his wife, who is 51. On July 1, a state law allowing Idahoans to carry a concealed weapon without a permit will take effect, and Mr. McDaniel said he planned to be armed after that. “If I could be gone today, I’d be gone,” he said, sitting outside in the yard on a recent afternoon as dogs wandered about near chicken and goat pens. The McDaniels stood out here in rural Idaho even before the   episode. Over the years, they have adopted 20 children of various races  —   white, Hispanic and black  —   many of them with physical, mental or emotional troubles, including autism and fetal alcohol syndrome. A few years ago, Mr. McDaniel raised hackles by teaching sex education in his science classes with illustrations that some critics said were too graphic, and one of his daughters led a campaign on Facebook to save his job. The legal terrain to come is a minefield in itself, education law experts said. Courts have generally recognized that school officials cannot be everywhere all the time, and have not typically held teachers, administrators or coaches legally responsible for occasional bullying. But that deference can fade when race, religion or disability is involved, said John Dayton, a professor of education law at the University of Georgia. In those cases, courts have sometimes tilted hard the other way, he said, if they find that a clearly vulnerable group or category of students was not sufficiently protected. Other education experts said the central question raised by the McDaniels’ lawsuit  —   whether school officials should be held responsible for failing to stop a culture of bullying before it escalates to violence  —   had become harder to answer as new and different ways of bullying have proliferated. “The expectation of supervision has increased,” said Ann E. Blankenship, an assistant professor of educational leadership at the University of Southern Mississippi. Technology, she added, “opens the door to bullying opportunities 24 hours a day. ” Don Heiken, Dietrich’s mayor, has publicly called on the school to fire people involved in the football program, who he said must have been aware that bullying, if not outright racism, was getting worse. The boy, according to his parents’ suit, was stripped of his pants on the bus after one football game, while other students took photos. He was “continuously” subjected, the suit said, to “wedgies”  —   his underwear yanked sharply upward, sometimes so violently that he came home with torn shorts. “They had to have known,” Mr. Heiken said in an interview. It probably did not help, Mr. McDaniel said, that in a school where sports are hugely important, his son was unskilled at football. Unable to remember the plays, the boy was called offsides  —   crossing the scrimmage line before the ball was snapped  —   six or seven times in a row in a single game, his father said. Dietrich itself, about 35 miles from Twin Falls and about 60 miles from the resort community of Sun Valley, is changing and growing, which has become part of the discussion about what happened here. The population has doubled in the last couple of decades and is expected to double again even faster, according to a planning presentation made recently to the town council. Lynn Johnson, 78, said “outsiders,” as he called the wave of newcomers, were changing the town where he has lived for the past 42 years, and not always for the better. Both of the students charged as adults in the case  —   Tanner Ray Ward, 17, and John R. K. Howard, 18  —   were relatively new to the community, for example. The defendant being tried as a juvenile has not been named in court documents. “Neither of them boys are from Dietrich,” said Mr. Johnson, who drove a school bus and did maintenance work for the school for 17 years. “It wouldn’t have happened without them. ” A lawyer for Mr. Ward declined to comment, and a lawyer for Mr. Howard did not respond to phone messages. The school superintendent and principal, both defendants in the civil suit, did not respond to emails and phone messages. Mr. Grissom, who lives just a few blocks from the school, said that he knew and admired the McDaniel family, and that he thought that admiration was shared in much of the town. That they would move away was one more piece of the damage, he said. “People look at this and say a lot of people are prejudiced here,” Mr. Grissom said. “They’re not. ”",0
5010,Jazz y Chistes: Toto Maigenys – I’ll Remember April,Jazz y Chistes #05: Muerte en otoño EL MUNDO TODAY PODCASTS Este sitio web utiliza cookies para analizar cómo es utilizado el sitio. Las cookies no te pueden identificar. Si continuas navegando supone la aceptación de la Política de Cookies. Estoy de acuerdo. Más info.,0
5011,"Acting on Instinct, Trump Upends His Own Foreign Policy - The New York Times","PALM BEACH, Fla.  —   The images were heartbreaking: Children gasping and choking for breath, their mouths foaming. A   father, cradling the lifeless bodies of his two children, swaddled in white blankets. But they were also familiar, a harrowing flashback to 2013, when the Syrian government unleashed the last major poison gas attack on its own people. This time, though, a new American president was seeing the pictures and absorbing the horror. Donald J. Trump has always taken pride in his readiness to act on instinct, whether in real estate or reality television. On Thursday, an emotional President Trump took the greatest risk of his young presidency, ordering a retaliatory missile strike on Syria for its latest chemical weapons attack. In a dizzying series of days, he upended a foreign policy doctrine based on putting America first and avoiding messy conflicts in distant lands. Mr. Trump’s advisers framed his decision in the dry language of international norms and strategic deterrence. In truth, it was an emotional act by a man suddenly aware that the world’s problems were now his  —   and that turning away, to him, was not an option. “I will tell you,” he said to reporters in the White House Rose Garden on Wednesday, “that attack on children yesterday had a big impact on me  —   big impact. That was a horrible, horrible thing. And I’ve been watching it and seeing it, and it doesn’t get any worse than that. ” Appearing again the next evening at his Florida estate,    Mr. Trump said that President Bashar   of Syria had “choked out the life of innocent men, women and children. It was a slow and brutal death for so many. Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack. No child of God should ever suffer such horror. ” It was difficult to reconcile the anguished president with the snarky critic of American engagement who, from the comfort of private life, advised President Barack Obama not to strike Syria after a chemical weapons attack in the suburbs of Damascus three years ago. “President Obama, do not attack Syria,” Mr. Trump said on Twitter in September 2013. “There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your ‘powder’ for another (and more important) day!” And it is not easy to square Mr. Trump’s empathy for the victims of a single chemical weapons attack with his refusal to take in thousands of Syrian refugees from years of strife that have turned that country into a charnel house. Relaxing that policy did not come up in the president’s deliberations over striking Syria, his advisers said. As a candidate, Mr. Trump said that forcing Mr. Assad out of power was not as urgent a priority for the United States as vanquishing the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. He claimed, somewhat erroneously, that he had always opposed the Iraq war. He criticized Mr. Obama and Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state who was Mr. Trump’s opponent in the election, as plunging heedlessly into foreign entanglements, drawn by misplaced idealism and the substitution of other nations’ interests for America’s. “One day, we’re bombing Libya and getting rid of a dictator to foster democracy for civilians,” Mr. Trump said during a major foreign policy speech in April 2016. “The next day, we’re watching the same civilians suffer while that country falls and absolutely falls apart. Lives lost, massive moneys lost. The world is a different place. ” “We’re a humanitarian nation,” he continued, “but the legacy of the   interventions will be weakness, confusion and disarray, a mess. We’ve made the Middle East more unstable and chaotic than ever before. ” The contrast between Mr. Trump and his predecessor could not be starker. In the early days of his presidency, Mr. Obama made the case for America’s moral responsibility to intervene militarily on humanitarian grounds. “Inaction tears at our conscience and can lead to more costly intervention later,” he said in accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009. Yet when Syria slipped into a deadly civil war, Mr. Obama focused more on the costs of intervention than the risks of inaction. Even after Mr. Assad’s forces killed hundreds in a poison gas attack in August 2013, Mr. Obama did not carry out a threatened missile strike because, he said, he had not gotten Congress to sign off on it. Mr. Trump’s action, only 77 days into his term, hardly settles the question of when he might intervene in future crises. He has not articulated criteria for humanitarian interventions and, even if he did, it is not clear that he would stick to his standards any more than Mr. Obama did. Firing dozens of Tomahawk cruise missiles into Syria also deflects attention from Mr. Trump’s lengthening list of troubles at home, from the investigation of his campaign’s murky ties with Russia to his failed health care legislation. The president’s advisers insisted his decision was guided by strategic considerations. They were clearly uncomfortable with the suggestion that Mr. Trump was acting impulsively. “I do not view it as an emotional reaction at all,” Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson said. Mr. Trump had looked back on Mr. Obama’s decision not to carry out a strike and decided that the United States “could not yet again turn away, turn a blind eye,” Mr. Tillerson added. Mr. Tillerson and the national security adviser, Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, laid out a case that sounded eerily similar to Mr. Obama’s three years earlier, when he drew his fateful “red line” against Mr. Assad’s use of chemical weapons. These weapons violated the rules of war and the Chemical Weapons Convention, they said. Allowing Syria to wield such weapons with impunity risked normalizing them and might embolden others to use them. Mr. Trump’s aides described a deliberative process, with meetings of the National Security Council, presentations of military options by the Pentagon and a classified briefing for Mr. Trump held under a tent erected in    to secure the communications with Washington. They spoke of phone calls to American allies, consultations with lawmakers and the diplomatic engagement that would follow the Tomahawk cruise missiles. What is clear, however, is that Mr. Trump reacted viscerally to the images of the death of innocent children in Syria. And that reaction propelled him into a sequence of actions that will change the course of his presidency. Mr. Trump’s improvisational style has sometimes seemed ill suited to the gravity of his office. In this case, it helped lead him to make the gravest decision a    can make. “I now have responsibility, and I will have that responsibility and carry it very proudly, I will tell you that,” the president said of Syria on Wednesday. “It is now my responsibility. ”",0
5012,Hillary’s Watergate?, ,0
5013,Hollywood Reporter: CNN’s Zucker Plots Digital Domination - Breitbart,"In an extensive feature in the Hollywood Reporter, CNN Worldwide president Jeff Zucker revealed his ambitious plans to take his cable news empire into the digital domain and beyond. [From the Hollywood Reporter:  “Did you enjoy that?” asks Jeff Zucker as he walks into his   office at CNN’s Manhattan headquarters. By that, Zucker means President Donald Trump’s chaotic   press conference Feb. 16 from the East Room of the White House, which had just finished up. In addition to claiming that his administration is running like a “  machine” despite   scandals and dustups, the president continued his assault on the news media that, a week later, would result in CNN and others being banned from a daily briefing. “I watch CNN,” said Trump. “The tone is such hatred. ” Zucker, whose network has thrived of late despite (or, more likely, in part because of) its status as presidential punching bag, seems to have enjoyed that. By the time I join Zucker in his modest office, Jake Tapper and Wolf Blitzer are offering a recap from the anchor desk in Washington. We watch it on the largest of the 11 screens mounted on the wall opposite Zucker’s desk. “It was unhinged it was wild,” says Tapper. Then CNN contributor and Trump loyalist Jeffrey Lord appears via Skype to offer a counter from Trump land. “I’ve been listening to you, and I think we saw two different press conferences,” says Lord. “He was relaxed, he was funny, he was on point. ”   …     Zucker, known throughout the industry as a masterful poacher of talent, has been relentless in his search for original voices to augment the success of Bourdain and others. In the fall, in the heat of the presidential campaign, he hired away BuzzFeed’s entire   KFile team, which had broken several major stories, including Trump’s appearance in a   Playboy video. In January, that team had the scoop on former Fox News personality Monica Crowley’s brushes with plagiarism, which torpedoed her nomination to a top National Security Council post. Another recent addition is comedian and social commentator W. Kamau Bell, whose show United Shades of America premiered last spring on CNN (the debut episode had Bell interviewing hooded KKK members). Bell, who will launch a new series on the Great Big Story platform this summer, notes that while Trump may dismiss the network as fake news, the standards and practices apparatus at CNN holds even his show to a high bar: “We can’t just say random facts. They’re like, ‘Where did you get that from?’ So the pressure to make things smarter is always a good pressure, and I’ll take care of the making things funnier part. ”   …     Read the full story at the Hollywood Reporter.",0
5014,Running on the Hillary Ticket? Then Let Me Ask…,"Charles Goyette https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/running-hillary-ticket-let-ask/ 
Unless you think “What’s your favorite color?” is a hard question, you shouldn’t expect much from lapdog press interviews of Statist candidates. 
In a Wall Street Journal column this morning, James Freeman, an editorial page editor, notes that getting candidates in races below Donald Trump on the Republican ticket to denounce him has become a regular sport in the media. But he wonders why reporters “don’t force down-ballot Democrats to take a position on each new Clinton email revelation.” 
That would be fine. Although there is nothing we didn’t suspect, thanks to WikiLeaks, we have more details than ever about Clinton venality and political corruption. 
But there is a line of questioning that is even more important. 
Why shouldn’t other candidates on the Democrat ticket be asked to endorse or disavow Hillary’s regime change wars in Libya and Syria? 
Shouldn’t they be made to own the jihadist-generating carnage she champions? Wouldn’t it be wise to tie political supporters to her war trajectory with Russia as well, so that if she has her way the survivors will know who was to blame? 1:20 pm on October 28, 2016",0
5015,How to Decide Which Headphones to Buy (Hint: Not Apple’s AirPods) - The New York Times,"Shopping for consumer electronics can get overwhelming. The staff of The Wirecutter and The Sweethome, product review websites owned by The New York Times, do the hard work of narrowing down the options. We spoke with Lauren Dragan, the headphone editor, about  —   what else?  —   headphones.  There are so many choices for earphones and earbuds. How do I decide what to buy? It’s tough! There really isn’t any one headphone that works for all situations, so sometimes the best option is having two less expensive headphones that are suited to your lifestyle and listening habits. If you know how you’ll use them, you can better figure out what features will be important. What do you use? Because of my job, I get to know the perfect headphone for every situation. I think I regularly rotate among seven pairs. I have a Plantronics Backbeat Fit for running  —   they’re unsealed so I can hear traffic and my surroundings  —   an Oppo   for longer listening sessions, a   Bose QC25 for flying (and vacuuming) a Plantronics Voyager Focus UC headset for business calls, a   JLab Epic 2 Bluetooth for the gym, my custom   UE 11 for when I’m trying to get work done at a coffee shop, and then I rotate in whatever I’m currently   testing. I always spend a week using any potential top pick before we post a review so I can troubleshoot. I’ve caught a few problems that way. And yes, I’ve even done that with the kids’ headphones. I have a surprisingly small hat size. Why aren’t the new Apple cordless earbuds on the list? Ah, the AirPods. The current working term for those kinds of headphones is “true wireless. ” Aside from not having a cord to tangle and being decent at taking phone calls, the AirPods didn’t improve much over the corded EarPods. The sound quality is the same (which is to say, meh, with no bass). Plus the battery life is less than a full day at work, so you had better remember to charge them at lunch time. And this for $130 more than a replacement pair of EarPods? I don’t think they’re fully cooked yet. Do headphones and earbuds really have to cost so much? Some technology, like a Bluetooth antenna or an active   circuit, is going to cost a manufacturer a certain amount for the components and licensing fees. A manufacturer can’t get them into a product for any less. That sets a base manufacturing cost. So a good pair of   sport Bluetooth headphones, a solid product that will last you a few years, costs about $99. Anything below that will likely suffer in some way. To some people, that’s O. K. But you can’t expect magic for $30. On the other end, when you’re paying over $300, you are getting a combination of innovation, product quality and sound quality. But a lot of times, anything much above that, it’s just plain old marketing and hype. Are you thinking of any particular headphones? In the audio quality category, there’s the planar magnetic Oppo, Audeze, Mr. Speakers, brands like that. They range from $400 and up. Bose has the best    technology available, and it’s because the company spent a ton of money on research and development. And of course, Beats has the market cornered on branding. They’ve been making a lot of improvements to their sound quality. But the difference between them and others priced that high is that you’re paying $150 to $200 for sound and adding on another $100 or so for the Beats label. What’s your dream product? There’s the elusive unicorn: headphones that do everything well and work in any situation. That could be possible with what’s available to purchase today, but nobody has made it just yet. But I’m also really fascinated with where companies like Bragi and Here One are going with “hearables. ” Those are devices that are computers worn in your ears  —   like what Google Glass was trying to do with vision, but in your ears instead.",0
5016,Why the Italy Quake Was So Severe - The New York Times,"The combination of a shallow fault and old, unreinforced masonry buildings led to widespread devastation in the earthquake that struck central Italy early Wednesday. The  .2 quake killed at least 241 people and left hundreds more injured. Many people were trapped in the rubble of collapsed buildings. Like other villages and towns in the mountainous area, Amatrice, where the mayor lamented that “half the town no longer exists,” has stone churches and other buildings that were constructed centuries ago, when little if anything was known about earthquakes. Unless they have been reinforced in recent years, such structures are easily damaged or destroyed by shaking. “Even 100 years ago, they didn’t know how to build structures to withstand earthquakes,” said David A. Rothery, professor of planetary geosciences at the Open University in Milton Keynes, England. The earthquake was less powerful than many recent deadly quakes. The  .8 earthquake that struck Nepal in April 2015, for instance, killing 8, 000 people, released roughly 250 times more energy. But the Italian quake was very shallow: According to the United States Geological Survey, it occurred about six miles below the surface. “Shallow earthquakes cause more destruction than deep earthquakes because the shallowness of the source makes the   at the surface worse,” Professor Rothery said. Video from Amatrice and other towns near the quake center showed heaps of masonry rubble from buildings that had been shaken apart. Earthquakes are set off by the movement of the earth’s crust, which is divided into large sections called tectonic plates. The Apennine Mountains, where the quake occurred on Wednesday, are in an area where one plate, the African, is moving under another, the Eurasian. Because of the complex interaction between the plates, the basin of the Tyrrhenian Sea, off Italy’s west coast, is spreading. It is this spreading, and the tension it creates in the Apennines, that led to the quake. The area of Wednesday’s temblor experienced significant earthquakes in the past, including one with a magnitude of 6. 3 near the town of L’Aquila in 2009 that killed at least 295 people, injured more than 1, 000 and left 55, 000 homeless. The two quakes had much in common in terms of genesis and depth,” said Massimo Cocco, a geologist with the National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology in Rome. After the 2009 quake, seven members of a national commission on risk prevention were arrested on charges of failing to adequately warn L’Aquila about the earthquake risk. They were found guilty of manslaughter in 2012 and sentenced to six years in prison, but they were cleared in 2014 by an appeals court. Mr. Cocco said that Italy had   construction laws for new buildings, but that little has been done to reinforce existing buildings. “Resilience is just too low compared to the frequency and the high impact of natural phenomena,” he said.",0
5017,A Caramelized Cabbage Casserole to Get You to Spring - The New York Times,"Karolina Petersson was nesting. Pregnant with her first child, she stood in the kitchen of her home on the North Fork of Long Island and stirred a pan of cabbage and butter. Her husband, Vincent Catalano, was upstairs painting the baby’s room. Petersson had a bowl of ground meat on the counter beside her, some potatoes, a small glass of cream. It was her grandmother’s recipe she was making, she said, a kind of cabbage meatloaf that she remembered from childhood outside Gothenburg, in Sweden. Kalpudding, it’s called. You serve it with lingonberries. I wanted to eat it right away. These are hard days for cooking, as winter too slowly gives way to vernal rain and sunshine. Farmers’ markets are bare in many precincts, and for some a kind of fatigue has set in, an exhaustion with soups and stews, with root vegetables and pot roasts, with salads built of factory greens and flavorless tomatoes. Soon there will be strawberries, asparagus, rhubarb, snow peas and watercress, the paschal lamb, the Easter ham. But soon is not now. Early March can leave cooks adrift in home and restaurant kitchens alike, unsure of themselves, desirous of inspiration. And here was mine. I wasn’t staying for dinner. I had only dropped by for a brief, neighborly   before the birth, a what’   and see you soon. But the scent of the cabbage was ambrosial:   approximating caramel on the razor’s edge of burned. I could imagine the vegetables stirred into and enrobing the meat, and I knew if I couldn’t find lingonberries, I could swap them out for cranberries and be happy with the result. I cooked a kalpudding the next day. I cooked a lot of them after that: ground beef and pork mixed with bread crumbs and some of the caramelized cabbage, formed under a cloak of more cabbage and baked until the top went dark and almost dry at the edges, delicious crunch above the succulent meat. I served them with lingonberry preserves (thanks, Internet!) cut with vinegar and Worcestershire sauce, made velvet with butter, alongside boiled potatoes. One day in the middle of all this cooking, I called Magnus Nilsson, the chef at Faviken, a restaurant on a large estate in northwestern Sweden that regularly appears on lists of the world’s best. Nilsson is fanatical in his devotion to Nordic cuisine. In 2015, he published “The Nordic Cookbook,” an invaluable guide to the region’s cooking, from the braised guillemot of the Faroe Islands to the taco quiche of suburban Stockholm. He has a recipe for kalpudding in the book. It was as much casserole as meatloaf. Kalpudding, he told me  —   “and I’m just theorizing here”  —   is just an    version of the stuffed cabbage the Swedes call kaldolme, a dish Nilsson traces back to the 18th century, a Nordic version of the Turkish dolmas that Swedish soldiers tasted in the Ottoman Empire when they sought refuge there after an unsuccessful military campaign against the Russians. “It’s an infidel’s version, with pork,” he said. “But hard to make, with all that stuffing and rolling. So kalpudding is what you’d make at home. ” Nilsson said he was once particular about the preparation of the dish. When he set out to compile the cookbook, he said, “it was a big documentary project. I was dead set on accuracy. There was no room for adaptation. ” But making the recipes work for the regular home cook put the lie to that goal, he said, and so did the hundreds of regional differences in particular dishes prepared in different parts of Sweden, Norway, Finland, Denmark and Iceland. (What, you don’t have any goose blood around to make the svartsoppa?) Nilsson used as an example the binders that are used in kalpudding, to help the meat hold together. “Historically, there are breadcrumbs in kalpuddings made in Stockholm,” he said. “That’s because there were bakeries there. You don’t see that to the north, where there were no bakeries,” and crushed barley is used instead. Some bind their kalpudding with rice, or shredded potatoes. That’s good, I said, because Nilsson calls for the use of “golden syrup” to help caramelize his cabbage, and the rest of the world doesn’t easily have access to the Swedish version of that   syrup, amber and   very different from our own (the Internet isn’t perfect). Nilsson laughed. “And we don’t use molasses,” he said. But you can. The result will be no less Nordic, Nilsson said. “Cabbage smells in a very special way when it almost burns,” he told me. “It gets savory, almost like a beef stock. It tastes almost brown and umami yummy. ” How you get it to that point, he added, is “what’s interesting, what happens when you cook a dish elsewhere, with what you have available to you. It always, always, makes sense. ” Recipe: Kalpudding (Meatloaf With Caramelized Cabbage)",0
5018,Hate Your Job? Try These Survival Skills - The New York Times,"From the archives: Here’s one of our favorite stories with helpful tips for Smarter Living. WE all have heard  —   or at least seen in the movies  —   great stories about people who are working in   jobs, then quit in some spectacular fashion and move on to fabulous second careers. This isn’t a column about that. Rather, more realistically, it’s about what to do if you’re in a job you dislike  —   or actively hate  —   but can’t move on. Maybe you need to pay the rent or the mortgage and you’ve sent out endless résumés and haven’t gotten a bite. Whatever the reason, you’re stuck. Are there ways to make going into work every day more palatable? Dawn Rosenberg McKay, who writes the career planning guide on About. com (which is owned by The New York Times) suggests first making a list of all the things you dislike about your job. Try to do it when you have a little distance, like during a vacation or on a weekend. Don’t cheat and write, “everything. ” It may feel that way, but that’s not helpful. “If you hate your boss, write down the things you hate about her,” Ms. Rosenberg said. Do you like what you do, but dislike your colleagues or boss, or do you despise the actual tasks? Try to separate it out. Then write down all the things you like about your job, and again, “nothing” is not a satisfactory answer. “Try to find something positive, even if it’s just the neighborhood you work in or the view from your window,” she said. If you want to switch careers, not just get out of that particular job, Cathy Goodwin, a career consultant  who specializes in career transitions, suggested focusing on “developing skills rather than serving time. ” What can you learn that you can put on your résumé? Computer skills? Public speaking? “If your company offers education benefits, use them to make yourself marketable,” she said. Even if your company will pay only $1, 000, you can take a class at a community college. Roy L. Cohen, author of “The Wall Street Professional’s Survival Guide” (Financial Times Press, 2010) said “a bad job may be a necessary placeholder while you take classes or network for a new and more satisfying job. ” And yes, I can hear the groans out there. I know people who have been networking and applying for jobs for a year or more in the hope of moving on. No one said it would be easy in these tough economic times, or quick. If you’re stuck, are there particular tasks in your job that you like? Has your job changed so that you’re now doing a lot of things you find   or off your career path? Is there any way to talk to your boss about this? But before you approach your manager, “consider whether how you are being treated is unique to you or shared by your colleagues,” Mr. Cohen said. As firms downsize, many employees are being forced to take on lots of extra work. If everyone is in the same boat, you may just have to accept it. If you feel, however, that you are unfairly singled out, or if you are truly overwhelmed, think whether there is a way you can talk to your supervisor, Ms. Rosenberg said. One trouble in many jobs is that workers feel underappreciated or completely unappreciated, Mr. Cohen said. There are some companies where “your boss sees you and your colleagues only as a resource to be used and exploited,” he added. “Don’t expect or look for appreciation to be expressed or for your good work to be acknowledged. In this situation, ‘employee appreciation’ is an oxymoron. ” So what can you do? Look outside your job for positive feedback. Can your family and friends supply it? Perhaps volunteering or joining a professional organization can give you some sense of purpose if you can’t get it from your workplace, he said. When I was in a job and my supervisors insisted  —   unfairly, I believed  —   that I wasn’t producing enough, I found it helpful to document exactly what I was doing. This proved not only important in negotiations with the   but also helped   my own sense of worth. A. J. Russo, a pharmacy technician in Pennsylvania, said she tried to manage her problems with her colleagues by putting the situation in some perspective. “I try to remind myself that it’s not my   or boss,” she said. “We’re all stressed. There are three of us doing 300 prescriptions a day. I try not to take it personally. ” With car payments and student loans, she said, “I would rather be employed than unemployed. ” She said she was determined to stay in her current one until a new job came along. Ms. Russo said she had complained a lot to her friends outside work, which might help deal with the pain. But, Ms. Rosenberg, the career columnist, cautioned against grousing too much to your colleagues at work. “They say misery loves company, but you don’t want set a tone in the office,” Ms. Rosenberg said. For one thing, it can get back to the powers that be. And while a little complaining can feel good, too much tends to just compound the negativity. Be aware of further   Ms. Goodwin said. Sloppy performance, talking back to   or managers or showing up late  —   that’s what people do when they are unhappy at work. And it can get you fired. You may find out how much you liked, or at least needed, that job once you’re forced out. There are times, of course, when you have to leave your job before you have another lined up, especially if it’s making you physically or emotionally ill, Ms. Rosenberg said. A friend of mine, who asked not be named because he was still looking for a job, quit his a year ago after three and a half months. “It was a constant source of stress,” he said. “I was always in a bad mood, even on weekends. ” A professional with many working years under his belt, my friend said he knew there were problems just a few weeks into the new job, but he was determined to stick it out. “But when I went to London for a meeting, I had to double my   medication and take a   monitor,” he said. “That’s a sign that something’s wrong. ” He acknowledged that he thought he would find another job more quickly than was the case. In the last year, he has done consulting work and even, at times, driven a limousine. But he never regrets leaving. “The uncertainty is uncomfortable, but it’s better than the certainty of that job,” he said. If you’re wondering about quitting your job, Ms. Rosenberg provides a useful quiz to help with the decision on her Web site. And while it’s not easy in our culture, where we tend to “live to work rather than work to live,” as the saying goes, everyone I spoke to agreed we could try to change that perspective. Do you have to work 60 hours a week, or can you shorten your work hours and take a dance or   class? Or go to a play? And beware of idealizing other jobs. It may well be that another position will suit you better. But remember, just because you’re unhappy in your current job doesn’t mean the next one will be perfect.",0
5019,"Iran Revokes Russia’s Use of Air Base, Saying Moscow ‘Betrayed Trust’ - The New York Times","BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Iran on Monday annulled permission for Russian planes to fly bombing runs into Syria from an Iranian base, only a week after having granted such extraordinary access, saying that the Kremlin had been unacceptably public and arrogant about the privilege. The   and the explanation for it from Iran’s foreign and defense ministries appeared to reflect   and longstanding suspicions of Russia despite their tactical alliance in the Syria war. The abruptness of the termination, even if temporary, also suggested that the Russians, eager to show widening influence in the Middle East, had seriously misread how a public announcement of their use of the Hamadan base in western Iran would reverberate among Iranians. Russia state news media had been trumpeting the deal as a sign that its partnership with Iran was deepening. No foreign power has based forces in Iran since World War II. In response to the annulment, the Russian military issued a statement saying its planes had already completed their missions. “The Russian military aircraft involved in launching airstrikes from the Iranian Hamadan base against terrorist sites in Syria successfully accomplished the tasks they had set out to complete,” Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said in a statement. “All aircraft involved in this operation are now on Russian territory. ” The agreement had seemingly marked a milestone for Russian foreign policy and a strengthening alliance with the region’s Shiite powers of Iran, Iraq and the government side in Syria’s civil war. And it would have allowed Russia to use greater firepower more easily in Syria, a new threat to opposition fighters. It was not clear why the agreement appeared to unravel so soon, and experts and American officials cautioned that it remains to be verified via satellite images that Russia’s operations from Iran have stopped. But Iran’s minister of defense, Brig. Gen. Hossein Dehghan, accused Russia of having publicized the deal excessively, calling the Kremlin’s behavior a “betrayal of trust” and “ungentlemanly. ” Iran’s Foreign Ministry spokesman, Bahram Ghasemi, told reporters in Tehran that the permission had been temporary and “it is finished, for now. ” Maziar Behrooz, a history professor at San Francisco State University and an expert on   relations, said Iran’s withdrawal of permission, at the very least, signaled “a lack of coordination between the Iranians and Russians” over how  —   or even whether  —   the deal would remain secret. “The Russians went public with this without assuring adequate sensitivities to Iran’s internal dynamics, in order to perhaps score a point and boost their prestige,” Mr. Behrooz said. “If the Russians hadn’t exposed this, no problem would have arisen. ” It was only the latest in a series of ups and downs in the important but often uncomfortable relationship between Iran and Russia regarding the Syria war. Both sides have signaled they do not expect to agree on every issue. Their strategic collaboration is not considered under threat. But the perceived Russian arrogance may have been a step too far for Iranian sensitivities since the Russian takeover, nearly a year ago, of Iran’s role as the Syrian government’s leading ally. The Russians have deployed formidable air power since September to help the forces of President Bashar   of Syria, who had been ceding ground. Iran and its militia allies still bear the brunt of the casualties as Russia has few troops on the ground. Iran and Russia share major goals, chiefly preventing the ouster of President Assad by force. And they each have a stake in battling Islamist extremists they see as threats to their own security. But they have very different approaches, roles, and   visions. Russia’s priority is to block what it sees as   regime change, part of its policy of opposing interference in any country’s internal affairs, and to preserve Syrian state institutions. It has signaled that it is not wedded to Mr. Assad’s   rule. Iran appears more focused on preserving and expanding its projection of power into the Middle East through relationships with the Lebanese group Hezbollah, other Shiite militias and with Mr. Assad, who has long guaranteed Hezbollah an arms supply route from Iran and belongs to the Alawite sect, a branch of Shiite Islam, the dominant faith in Iran. At the same time, Iran fueled the growth of Syrian   militias, preferring to work with them. Since jumping into the conflict at a point where Iran seemed unable to keep Mr. Assad from faltering, Russia has tried to integrate these militias into the army. Iran and Russia face challenges collaborating in the field. Hezbollah fighters and supporters openly disdain the Syrian Army, and grumble that Russia has not given air support to its fighters. And Russian officials feel more comfortable dealing with Syrian Army commanders  —   many of them educated in Russia  —   than with the Shiite religious trappings of the militias. Russia and Iran also differ sharply on Israel. Iran and Israel see each other as irreconcilable enemies, while Russia maintains close relations with Israel, home to a million Russian emigrants. Then there is Iran’s long memory of the Russian empire battling the Persian Empire and gobbling up its periphery. To Iran, with its   national identity, it was not that long ago that the Russians were the enemy, fighting for control of Central Asia and the Caucasus “Russia is not trusted. They just don’t trust each other,” said Cliff Kupchan, the chairman of the Eurasia Group, a   political risk consultancy. Russia’s flaunting of its Iran base privilege, he said, “was just too much for Iranian domestic politics to bear. ” With a history of meddling by Western powers, notably Britain, Iran guards its sovereignty closely. After Russia’s Tupolev and Sukhoi bombers started flying last week, Iranian members of Parliament said the agreement might be in violation of the Constitution. “We have not given any military base to the Russians and they are not here to stay,” General Dehghan said. The two countries had “no written agreement” for use of the base, he said, adding that it was only a temporary agreement on refueling. Russia announced what it described as a deal to use the Iranian base on Aug. 16, saying it would shorten the distance flown by   bombers, which had been flying from southern Russia. A Russian analyst of the Middle East, Yuri Barmin, posted on Twitter that it was clear the base was “a temporary arrangement due to logistical difficulties” but added that the termination “was too quick. ” Victor Mizin, a professor at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations, Russia’s university for diplomats, said the symbolism of the air base deal had been important in Moscow. “The message was a continuation of what Russia started in Syria,” Mr. Mizin said, “which is saying that Russia has returned to the status of a great power, like the Soviet Union, only without the ideology. ”",0
5021,Seven Highlights From the Gorsuch Confirmation Hearings - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Here are some highlights from Day 2 of the Supreme Court confirmation hearing for Judge Neil M. Gorsuch: ■ Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, pressed Judge Gorsuch on a central question: Can he hold President Trump accountable? “No man is above the law,” he said. ■ Judge Gorsuch said no one from the White House had asked him to make any commitments on legal issues. “I have offered no promises on how I’d rule to anyone on any case,” he said. ■ The nominee refused to say how he would rule on many issues, including abortion, gun rights and Mr. Trump’s travel ban. ■ Judge Gorsuch praised Judge Merrick B. Garland, but declined to wade into the partisan fight. “I can’t get involved in politics,” he said. ■ He sidestepped many efforts by Democrats to offer his views on previous Supreme Court rulings. Democrats could cite his answers later as evasive responses that persuaded them to vote against him. ■ Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, asked Judge Gorsuch about his participation in defending the George W. Bush administration’s policies in the war on terror, like torture, when the judge was a Justice Department official in  . Judge Gorsuch said he was a lawyer and not a policy maker then. ■ Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, said he was comforted that President Trump had chosen Judge Gorsuch. “Quite frankly, I was quite worried about who he’d pick. Maybe somebody on TV. ” Senator Al Franken, Democrat of Minnesota, was perhaps the most aggressive questioner so far. He turned first to the case of a truck driver who abandoned his broken rig in frigid conditions and was fired. He asked Judge Gorsuch, who in a dissent said the dismissal should be upheld, what he would have done if he were faced with the same situation as the driver. “I’m asking you a question, please answer the question,” Mr. Franken said, as the nominee demurred. When Judge Gorsuch began to defend his vote again, the senator cut in. “That’s absurd,” said Mr. Franken, a veteran of “Saturday Night Live” in a previous life. “Now, I had a career in identifying absurdity. And I know it when I see it. ” Judge Gorsuch said earlier that the case of the truck driver was “one of those that you take home at night. ” But the law, he argued on Tuesday, was clear: “The law said the man is protected and can’t be fired if he refuses to operate an unsafe vehicle. ” In fact, Judge Gorsuch said, the driver had unhitched his vehicle from the trailing cargo to get to safety in frigid weather. “He chose to operate,” Judge Gorsuch said, adding, “I think by any plain understanding, he operated the vehicle. ” The nominee expressed no fondness for this particular law  —   “I’ve been stuck on a highway in Wyoming in a snowstorm,” he noted  —   but said it was his duty to observe it. Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, said shadowy groups had spent millions of dollars in “dark money” to support Judge Gorsuch’s nomination. The senator asked the judge to urge his supporters to disclose what they had spent. Judge Gorsuch declined, saying that would be a political move. He noted that the Supreme Court had allowed Congress to require disclosure of political spending. “With all respect, the ball’s in your court,” Judge Gorsuch said. Judge Gorsuch has called himself an originalist, meaning that he tries to interpret the Constitution as it was understood by the people who drafted and ratified it. On Tuesday, he said his approach could keep pace with contemporary realities. “The Constitution doesn’t change,” he said. “The world around us changes. ” Judge Gorsuch said that the principles in the Constitution can adapt to the modern world, citing a Supreme Court ruling on GPS tracking devices. “I’m not looking to take us back to quill pens and the horse and buggy,” he said. Outside the hearing room, Democrats are trying to weigh down the Gorsuch nomination with the baggage of investigations into the president’s orbit and Russia. Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader, said it was “the height of irony” for Republicans to press for Judge Gorsuch’s elevation to the court after holding the seat open last year. “Republicans held this Supreme Court seat open for nearly a calendar year while President Obama was in office,” he said from the Senate floor, “but are now rushing to fill the seat for a president whose campaign is under investigation by the F. B. I. ” Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, brought up letters submitted to the committee by two former students in a legal ethics class Judge Gorsuch taught in the spring of 2016 at the University of Colorado Law School. The two students  —   one of whom signed her name  —   complained about comments they recalled Judge Gorsuch made in a class session about ethical issues that arose in the practice of the law profession. In the comments, the students claimed that Judge Gorsuch told them that employers needed to ask female job applicants about their intentions regarding pregnancy to protect their firms from women who were simply seeking maternity benefits. Judge Gorsuch said that misrepresented the discussion, citing instructions in a teaching manual to explore the subject. Judge Gorsuch also said he believed that it would be “inappropriate” for a prospective employer to ask such a question, and that he was “shocked” that every year when he asked his students whether they had been asked such a thing, many female students raised their hands. Judge Gorsuch was asked to address the nominee who never had his hearing, Judge Garland. “Whenever I see his name attached to an opinion, it’s one I read with special care,” Judge Gorsuch said, praising his peer as “an outstanding judge. ” But when Senator Leahy asked whether Judge Garland had been treated fairly, Judge Gorsuch demurred. “I can’t get involved in politics,” he said. “There’s judicial canons that prevent me from doing that. And I think it would be very imprudent of judges to start commenting on political disputes. ” Mr. Leahy had no such qualms. “I can express an opinion,” he said. “I think it was shameful. ” During the campaign, Mr. Trump said he would seek to appoint justices ready to vote to overturn Roe v. Wade, the 1973 decision establishing a constitutional right to abortion. But Judge Gorsuch said that no one from the White House asked him to make any commitments on legal issues that could come before him on the Supreme Court. “I have offered no promises on how I’d rule to anyone on any case,” he said. “I don’t believe in litmus tests for judges,” he said. Asked about Roe v. Wade, Judge Gorsuch said, “I would tell you that Roe vs. Wade, decided in 1973, is the precedent of the United States Supreme Court,” saying that “all of the other factors that go into analyzing precedent have to be considered. ” Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who is chairman of the committee, also pressed Judge Gorsuch for his views on precedent generally, naming a few cases, including a Second Amendment case and the matter of Bush v. Gore. “I know some people in this room have some opinions on that,” Judge Gorsuch joked, declining to outline firm positions. The nominee likened precedents to “our shared family history as judges. ” “As a good judge, you don’t approach that question anew as if it has never been decided,” he added. Mr. Leahy brought up Judge Gorsuch’s connections with the Colorado billionaire Phil Anschutz, whom Judge Gorsuch formerly represented in private practice. The senator noted that on Jan. 10, 2006, The Denver Post reported that there were three finalists for an appeals court vacancy  —   and none were Judge Gorsuch. Two days later, a lawyer for Mr. Anschutz wrote on the billionaire’s behalf to the White House counsel at the time, Harriet Miers, to suggest that President George W. Bush consider nominating Judge Gorsuch. She gave him an interview in early February and he ended up getting the nomination. Mr. Leahy also noted that Mr. Anschutz finances conservative groups including the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation, which put Judge Gorsuch on the list of candidates President Trump promised to use in selecting a Supreme Court nominee. “Are these areas of concern?” Mr. Leahy asked. Judge Gorsuch replied that he thought his service at the Justice Department, where he had worked about seven months, was the most important issue, noting many of his former clients had said “nice things” about him when he was up for an appeals court judgeship, including the owner of a gravel pit. Mr. Leahy scoffed, “Which one do you think the White House listened to the most, Mr. Anschutz or a gravel pit owner? I mean, let’s be realistic. ” Mr. Leahy did not ask whether Judge Gorsuch would recuse himself from cases involving Mr. Anschutz’s interests. The judge did recuse himself from such cases on the appeals court, but so far has left the door open to participating in them on the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch, who had criticized liberals for preferring litigation to the political process in an article written before he became a judge, distanced himself from his earlier statements on Tuesday. “American liberals,” he wrote in a 2005 essay in National Review, “have become addicted to the courtroom, relying on judges and lawyers rather than elected leaders and the ballot box, as the primary means of effecting their social agenda on everything from gay marriage to assisted suicide to the use of vouchers for   education. This overweening addiction to the courtroom as the place to debate social policy is bad for the country and bad for the judiciary. ” On Tuesday, he said he had been wrong to single out liberals. “The problem lies on both sides of the aisle,” he said. He added that “the courts are a very important place for the vindication of civil rights. ” The top Democrat on the committee, Senator Feinstein pressed Judge Gorsuch on his involvement in several      disputes in which he was involved as a Justice Department official: torture, the habeas corpus rights of Guantánamo detainees, warrantless surveillance, and the scope of the president’s power as    to defy statutes. In December 2005, she noted, when Congress passed the Detainee Treatment Act, which barred cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment of detainees, Judge Gorsuch advocated a signing statement that would say the new statute only codified existing Bush administration interrogation practices. The context, she noted, was that the Justice Department had issued a secret memo earlier that year saying techniques like waterboarding and prolonged sleep deprivation were not cruel, inhuman or degrading. She asked whether Judge Gorsuch believed such torture techniques were lawful. Judge Gorsuch declined to answer that question. Ms. Feinstein indicated she would return to the torture issue in a second round of questioning. She also pointed out that after it emerged that Mr. Bush had authorized the National Security Agency to wiretap without warrants, despite a 1978 law requiring warrants, Judge Gorsuch had drafted a statement for Alberto Gonzales, the attorney general at the time, to deliver at a congressional hearing. His initial draft suggested that Congress lacked the authority to enact a law limiting a president’s power to conduct surveillance without warrants for national security purposes. “Goodness no, Senator, and I didn’t believe it at the time,” Judge Gorsuch replied. He said he had been only “acting in the capacity as a speechwriter” in bringing together materials submitted by colleagues in the administration. “I was the scribe. ” Under questioning from Senator Orrin Hatch, Republican of Utah, about how to apply new technologies to constitutional principles written two centuries ago, Judge Gorsuch brought up the issue of whether police officers needed a warrant to attach a GPS tracker to a suspect’s car in order to monitor his movements. He spoke admiringly of a 2012 Supreme Court decision that applied the original Constitution in concluding that warrants were required. “Technology changes, but the principles don’t,” he said, adding that “it can’t be the case the U. S. Constitution is any less protective” of people’s privacy than it was at the time it was written. On the appeals court, Judge Gorsuch sometimes sided with plaintiffs in Fourth Amendment search issues even when colleagues voted for the police. Notably, though, after the Supreme Court issued its landmark GPS tracker ruling, Judge Gorsuch voted to let prosecutors in other cases use evidence that police had gathered with such a tracker in 2011, before the Supreme Court handed down that ruling, because the rule had not been clear at the time. Mr. Grassley opened his questioning by asking if Judge Gorsuch would have “any trouble ruling against the president who appointed you. ” “That’s a softball, Mr. Chairman,” Judge Gorsuch replied, in what seemed to be a scripted response. He said he would have “no difficulty” ruling for or against any party. He spoke of his legal hero and former boss, Justice Byron R. White, saying he embraced his “fierce, rugged independence. ” “I have offered no promises on how I would rule on any case to anyone,” Judge Gorsuch said. Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, likes doing bits. His presidential run last year was full of them  —   from a recurring set of impressions from “The Princess Bride” to an elaborate   of a scene from “Hoosiers” before the Indiana primary. (His plans were felled by an   reference to a “basketball ring” instead of a rim.) His questioning of Judge Gorsuch was no exception. Mr. Cruz began by asking the nominee, “What is the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe and everything?” “” Judge Gorsuch replied instantly. (The two explained that that was a reference to “The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy. ”) Mr. Cruz went on to ask Judge Gorsuch about the basketball skills of the nominee’s former boss, Justice Byron R. White, and to defend the Federalist Society, the conservative group that pushed for Judge Gorsuch’s nomination. Ms. Feinstein got to the heart of Democrats’ early criticisms of Judge Gorsuch: his record on workers’ rights. “How do we have confidence in you that you won’t just be for the big corporations?” she asked. “Those of us, I think on both sides, care very much about workers’ rights. But the record is such that one questions whether the court is capable in its current composition to give a worker a fair shot. ” She was, she added, “just looking for something” in his record to give her confidence. Judge Gorsuch ticked off past cases in which he ruled for the little guy, calling himself “a fair judge” and noting that members of both parties have said as much.",0
5022,A Timeline Of The 2016 Election Cycle - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Hillary Clinton Waiting In Wings Of Stage Since 6 A.M. For DNC Speech PHILADELPHIA—Saying she arrived hours before any of the members of the production crew, sources confirmed Thursday that presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has been waiting in the wings of the Wells Fargo Center stage since six o’clock this morning to deliver her speech at the Democratic National Convention. Depressed, Butter-Covered Tom Vilsack Enters Sixth Day Of Corn Bender After Losing VP Spot WASHINGTON—Saying she has grown increasingly concerned about her husband’s mental and physical well-being since last Friday, Christie Vilsack, the wife of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, told reporters Thursday that the despondent, butter-covered cabinet member has entered the sixth day of a destructive corn bender after being passed over for the Democratic vice presidential spot. DNC Speech: ‘I Am Proud To Say I Walked In On Bill And Hillary Having Sex’ A friend of the Clinton family describes a Hillary who America never gets to see: the one he saw having sex. Trump Sick And Tired Of Mainstream Media Always Trying To Put His Words Into Some Sort Of Context NEW YORK—Emphasizing that the practice was just more evidence of journalists’ bias against him, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump stated Thursday that he was sick and tired of the mainstream media always attempting to place his words into some kind of context. Who’s Speaking At The DNC: Day 4 Here is a guide to the major speakers who will be addressing attendees on the final night of the 2016 Democratic National Convention Bound, Gagged Joaquin Castro Horrified By What His Identical Twin Brother Might Be Doing Out On DNC Floor PHILADELPHIA—Struggling to free himself from the tightly wound lengths of rope binding his wrists and ankles together, bruised and gagged Texas congressman Joaquin Castro was reportedly horrified by what his identical twin brother, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julian Castro, might be out doing on the floor of the DNC Thursday. Obama: ‘Hillary Will Fight To Protect My Legacy, Even The Truly Detestable Parts’ PHILADELPHIA—Emphasizing the former secretary of state’s competence and tenacity during his Democratic National Convention address Wednesday night, President Barack Obama praised Hillary Clinton as someone who would work tirelessly to defend and advance the legacy he had built, even the “truly repugnant parts.” Tim Kaine Clearly Tuning Out In Middle Of Boring Vice Presidential Acceptance Speech PHILADELPHIA—Describing the look of total disinterest on his face and noting how he kept peering down at his watch as the speech progressed, sources at the Democratic National Convention said that Virginia senator Tim Kaine clearly began tuning out partway through the boring vice presidential acceptance address Wednesday night. Cannon Overshoots Tim Kaine Across Wells Fargo Center PHILADELPHIA—Noting that the vice presidential nominee had been launched nearly 100 feet into the air during his entrance into the Democratic National Convention Wednesday night, sources reported that the cannon at the back of the Wells Fargo Center had accidentally overshot Tim Kaine across the arena, sending him crashing to the stage several dozen feet beyond the erected safety net. Biden Regales DNC With Story Of ’80s Girl Band Vixen Breaking Hard Rock’s Glass Ceiling PHILADELPHIA—Devoting a large portion of his speech to the “pioneering, stiffy-inducing” all-female quartet, Vice President Joe Biden regaled the Democratic National Convention Wednesday night with the rousing story of the metal band Vixen breaking hard rock’s glass ceiling in the late 1980s. ",0
5023,"Mike Ilitch, Little Caesars Founder and Detroit Sports Owner, Dies at 87 - The New York Times","Mike Ilitch, a   son of immigrants who founded Little Caesars Pizza in a Detroit suburb and also owned baseball’s Tigers and hockey’s Red Wings, building a business, sports and entertainment empire that made him among America’s wealthiest men and helped change the face of his native city, died on Friday in Detroit. He was 87. His death was announced by his company, Ilitch Holdings. Mr. Ilitch and his wife, Marian, had a net worth of $6. 1 billion at his death, according to Forbes. Mr. Ilitch never went to college and failed in his bid to make it from the Tigers’ minor league chain, where he played shortstop, to the major leagues. He found his calling in the business world when he and his wife opened the first Little Caesars, in Garden City, a Detroit suburb, in 1959. It became the world’s largest carryout pizza chain, known for TV ads announcing “Pizza! Pizza!”    deals. Turning to the sports world, Mr. Ilitch spent freely and eventually turned around franchises that experienced many lean years. His Tigers won two American League pennants, and his Red Wings of the National Hockey League won four Stanley Cup championships. He bought the Fox Theater in downtown Detroit in the late 1980s, refurbished it and created an entertainment hub for the city. He moved his corporate headquarters from suburban Farmington Hills into the   building that contains the Fox. Mr. Ilitch broke into sports ownership in 1982, when he paid a reported $8 million to purchase the Red Wings from the Norris family. Once a powerhouse with names like Gordie Howe, Ted Lindsay and Terry Sawchuk, the franchise was struggling. In August 1985, Mr. Ilitch, commenting on why his Red Wings were aggressive in pursuing free agents, said: “I hate to lose. I happen to be a fan with an owner’s pocketbook. ” His Wings won the Stanley Cup championship in 1997, 1998, 2002 and 2008, and he was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2003 and into the U. S. Hockey Hall of Fame a year later. Mr. Ilitch, who became known as Mr. I, bought the Tigers from the Domino’s pizza founder Tom Monaghan for $85 million in 1992. Starting in 1994, the Tigers had 12 consecutive losing seasons, but in 2000 they moved from the aging Tiger Stadium to Comerica Park. They won the 2006 American League pennant, then lost to the St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series. They were in the World Series again in 2012, featuring the sluggers Miguel Cabrera and Prince Fielder and pitchers Justin Verlander and Max Scherzer, but were swept by the San Francisco Giants. “I’m not afraid to go out and spend money,” Mr. Ilitch said. “It’s been very costly, but I’m not going to change my ways. ” Mike Ilitch was born on July 20, 1929, a son of Sotir Ilitch, a machinist, and Sultana Tasseff Ilitch, who had come to the United States from Macedonia in 1924. He was an   athlete in baseball and track at Cooley High School, served four years in the Marines, then signed with the Tigers’ minor league system, but his   career ended after a few seasons when he sustained a knee injury. He worked as a    salesman until he and his wife opened the first Little Caesars on May 8, 1959. A food service distribution company soon followed to supply ingredients and other products for restaurants. Blue Line Foodservice grew into one of the largest food service distribution companies in the country. Mr. Ilitch’s charitable endeavors included the Little Caesars Love Kitchen, a restaurant on wheels to feed the hungry and help with food distribution following national disasters. The Ilitch organization has embarked on a $1. 2 billion District Detroit project, transforming dozens of largely vacant blocks in downtown Detroit into a neighborhood including office and residential spaces. All of Mr. Ilitch’s businesses have their headquarters in the Detroit metropolitan area. His son Christopher is president and chief executive officer of Ilitch Holdings. In addition to his wife and his son Christopher, Mr. Ilitch is survived by his sons Michael Jr. Atanas and Ron his daughters, Denise, Lisa and Carole 22 grandchildren and three  . “Mike Ilitch was more than just a shrewd, successful businessman,” Detroit’s mayor, Mike Duggan, said in a statement. “He was a Detroiter through and through. Whether he was making pizza, building successful sports and entertainment franchises or supporting youth organizations in our city, Mr. I helped to bring thousands of jobs and opportunities to our city and attract millions of dollars of investment. ”",0
5024,Venus Flytraps Need Protection From Poachers in North Carolina - The New York Times,"North Carolina has a long and colorful bond with Venus flytraps, the carnivorous plants that grow in the wild only in a   radius around Wilmington. In 1760, the North Carolina colonial governor, Arthur Dobbs, described the discovery of the plant in his diary: “The greatest wonder of the vegetable kingdom is a very curious unknown species. Upon touching the leaves, they instantly close like a spring trap. ” More than 200 years later, a rugby field and a   run bear the name of the flytrap, and in 2005, the state declared it the official state carnivorous plant. The North Carolina chapter of the Nature Conservancy described the flytrap as the state’s “most famous natural legacy. ” But some people have taken that fondness for the flytrap too far, officials said, with poachers trafficking in thousands of plants plucked illegally from the wild, as well as from gardens and nurseries. As the podcast “Criminal” described it, the demand for the plants has led to “a Venus flytrap crime ring. ” Conservationists worry that the poaching, if left unchecked, could endanger the plant’s existence. “We’ve got something very precious in the nation here,” Sgt. Brandon W. Dean, of the law enforcement division of the North Carolina Wildlife Resources Commission, said in an interview. “If we don’t do something now, it’s going to be extinct. ” The Venus flytrap became protected by state legislation in 1956, and the state sells permits to those who want to collect flytraps from private land with the owner’s permission. But poachers have scrounged forest floors for decades, seeking to sell the plants on the black market for up to 25 cents each, Sergeant Dean said. It is easy, he added, to collect 1, 000 to 2, 000 of the   plants in a single sweep. “A lot of the guys we catch  —   it’s sad to say  —   it’s a family tradition,” he said. “We caught their dad and their dad’s dad. ” An area of southeastern North Carolina and northeastern South Carolina is the only place in the world where the plants grow in the wild. The conservancy estimates that 35, 000 of them remain. With its bright red center and spiky edges, the plant has long captured the imagination. Charles Darwin described the flytrap as “one of the most wonderful plants in the world. ” Even its Latin name has a certain appeal. The name, Dionaea muscipula, is derived from words meaning “the goddess of love” and “mousetrap,” according to the conservancy. Venus flytraps get their nutrients from the insects they lure with nectar and trap with a pair of jawlike leaves. When an insect lands and bumps into trigger hairs on the leaves, the trap closes and digestive enzymes dissolve its prey. Poaching peaks when the plant is in bloom and most visible, from late May to   said Debbie Crane, the communications director for the Nature Conservancy’s state chapter, which owns 25, 000 acres that are home to the plants. But the thefts are not limited to state and private preserves. A plant nursery,   Farm, near Supply, N. C. about 25 miles southwest of Wilmington, was burglarized in September 2013. The thieves took more than 18, 000 flytraps estimated to be worth $65, 000, “Criminal” reported. The nursery owners did not respond to phone messages and emails seeking comment. What drives the demand for these carnivorous plants? No one can say with certainty, but experts point to a few possibilities. Part of the allure is psychological, Karl J. Niklas, a professor of plant biology at Cornell, said in an interview. Ingesting the plant’s juices has been marketed as a way to increase libido or help the body heal, he said. Ms. Crane noted the online advertising by Carnivora, a company that sells liquid drops and capsules of the plant extract. Carnivora’s website says its products promote antioxidants and support “resistance to harmful invaders. ” A company representative could not be reached for comment but told “Criminal” that the Venus flytrap market in North Carolina could not possibly meet its demand. The company said it bought cloned flytraps, which are readily grown in captivity. The fascination with the plants also fuels demand. “The fact that the damn plant moves makes it scary,” Professor Niklas said, adding that its status as something illegal to poach makes it “sexy. ” The conservancy warned that there was “a good chance” that flytraps sold at a flea market, on a roadside or over the internet had been stolen. In an effort to crack down on poachers, the state upgraded the theft of flytraps growing in the wild to a felony, from a misdemeanor, effective Dec. 1, 2014. Previously, the maximum fine was $50. Offenders can now face up to 29 months in prison. The taking of each plant is considered an individual offense. Four men made headlines in January 2015 when they were caught with 970 Venus flytraps and became the first people in the state to be charged with felony poaching. Three of the men pleaded guilty and were sentenced to supervised probation, two for 24 months and one for 12 months. The other man was convicted and sentenced to six to 17 months in prison, the local district attorney’s office said. As for whether the stiffer penalties have curbed thefts, officials said it was too soon to tell. When poachers are caught, it is often because officers have been tipped off by other poachers concerned about their turf or by recreational users, such as bird watchers or hikers, Sergeant Dean said. The dense woods and bogs where the plants naturally grow are difficult to patrol. Sergeant Dean estimated that one person might be caught for every 200 episodes of poaching. “I would like to think with it being a felony, it put a damper on it,” he said. “The teeth have definitely been sharpened. ” Still, he was not optimistic that the practice would die out. The burden is on enforcers to prove that plants were illegally harvested, and that is not easy because there is no way to distinguish a plant pilfered from the wild from one legally raised in a greenhouse, he said. One of the men who pleaded guilty to felony poaching, Malcolm Massey, said in an interview last week that he was an outdoorsman who was fascinated by the plant. “They’re a nice, beautiful plant,” he said. Mr. Massey said he had given them to relatives and friends. Pressed about whether he had ever sold them, he said he had been approached by potential buyers but would not be more specific. He was out of work and looking to “make a little bit of money” when he was charged, he said, adding that he could collect “a couple of hundred” of the plants in three or four hours crawling on the forest floor. As for those now considering poaching, Mr. Massey, who was sentenced to 24 months of supervised probation, had this advice: “All I would tell them is good luck. It’s going to be really hard. It’s a felony now, and you’re going to jail. ”",0
5025,"EVIL HILLARY SUPPORTERS Yell ""F*ck Trump""…Burn Truck Of Daddy Fishing With 2 Yr Son Over Of Trump Bumper-Stickers [VIDEO] » 100percentfedUp.com","Email 
These people are sick and evil. They will stop at NOTHING to get their way. Laws mean nothing to them, because they mean nothing to their President and his regime… 
A California man says a stranger hurled expletives and set his truck on fire Thursday after seeing a pro-Donald Trump sticker on the bumper. 
Hao Lee had taken his 2-year-old son fishing on a pleasant November afternoon in Sacramento. He parked his white Dodge Ram truck with a pair of Trump stickers on the bumper along Garden Highway. 
“About a couple hours into fishing I heard someone yelling out ‘F’ Trump,” Lee told KTXL. 
Lee and his son were only about 50 yards from where his truck was parked, near the edge of the river. TRENDING ON 100% Fed Up ",0
5026,A Fraud? Jonah Lehrer Says His Remorse Is Real - The New York Times,"Four years ago, after his journalism career imploded, Jonah Lehrer found himself waking up in the middle of the night in a panic. Unable to fall back to sleep, he would go to his computer and write. “At the time, it felt like a very sad discovery, that I still so wanted to write,” Mr. Lehrer said during a recent interview in an empty conference room at his publisher’s office in Midtown Manhattan. “After everything happened, I thought I was done as a writer. ” Many  —   including Mr. Lehrer  —   assumed that his career was over after it came to light that he had plagiarized material in his work for Wired, recycled his own writing in blog posts he wrote for The New Yorker and fabricated quotations from Bob Dylan in his book about creativity. He lost his position as a staff writer at The New Yorker. His publisher, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, recalled two of his books, “Imagine” and “How We Decide. ” His banishment from the profession seemed permanent. Now, as he tries a comeback with “A Book About Love,” a new work of nonfiction that draws on social and psychological studies and examples from literature to explore the nature of love, Mr. Lehrer is facing fresh criticism, as well as support. Some are skeptical that he has changed. “He didn’t seem to get the ethos of journalism,” said Charles Seife, a professor of journalism at New York University who conducted an investigation into Mr. Lehrer’s work for Wired in 2012. “The deficits were so profound in the first round that I can’t imagine him starting afresh. ” But others  —   even some of his most ferocious former adversaries  —   say that Mr. Lehrer deserves a second chance. “I don’t believe in destroying a person’s life forever, and if Jonah wants to redeem himself, Godspeed to him,” said Michael Moynihan, a correspondent for Vice, who first discovered and wrote about Mr. Lehrer’s fabricated quotations from Mr. Dylan. “I wouldn’t deny the guy a chance to right a wrong like that. ” In an author’s note at the beginning of the book, Mr. Lehrer refers to his “mistakes and failures” and writes, “I am ashamed of what I’ve done. ” He describes the steps he took to ferret out errors and exaggerations in his new work. He hired an independent fact checker and sent sections of the book to his sources in advance of publication, allowing them to vet their quotations and his descriptions of their research. The book has 27 pages of footnotes. Those steps might not satisfy Mr. Lehrer’s critics. If early reviews are any indication, his new book, which comes out on Tuesday from Simon  Schuster, will be highly polarizing. Some have praised the work and defended Mr. Lehrer’s decision to write it. “He’s had his public humiliation, and from the evidence of this book, a chastened Jonah Lehrer has a lot to offer the world,” the New York Times   columnist David Brooks wrote in a forthcoming review for The Times Book Review. “The book is interesting on nearly every page. ” But others have argued that Mr. Lehrer, while more diligent about citing the work of others, still takes inexcusable intellectual shortcuts. In a recent review in The New York Times, Jennifer Senior slammed “A Book About Love” as “insolently unoriginal” and claimed that Mr. Lehrer had appropriated the arguments and insights of others, concluding that “it may be time, at long last, for him to find something else to do. ” Mr. Lehrer defended his approach. “It’s an act of synthesis, trying to bring together various studies, and translate it into a form that helps people understand this vast body of research,” he said. During an hourlong interview, Mr. Lehrer, 35, sat almost perfectly still and seemed at times uncomfortable talking about himself. When asked why there were no acknowledgments in the book, he said he chose to send private thank you letters to people who supported him, rather than name them publicly and expose them to scrutiny. He is not planning to go on a book tour, and he no longer gives   lectures. “A Book About Love” grew out of the wreckage he had made of his life, Mr. Lehrer said. “I regret the kind of writer I’d become,” said Mr. Lehrer, a California native who lives in Los Angeles with his wife and two young children. “I was invested in the superficial markers of success, and I wasn’t focused on making the work as good and true as possible. ” After he was exposed, Mr. Lehrer often woke up at 2 in the morning, consumed by regret and guilt, and would go to his laptop to write about what he had done, and the aftermath. “That writing became   in the literal sense, writing to understand myself,” he said. Around that time, he read about the Harvard psychiatrist George Vaillant’s research, which showed how crucial secure relationships are to   health, financial success and happiness. He decided that he wanted to write a book about the feeling that sustained him when he torpedoed his career and his reputation. “Writing has always been the means by which I explore the ideas I want to know more about,” he said. “It became this personal investigation. ” But those who approach “A Book About Love” hoping for a   memoir will be disappointed. Virtually none of what he wrote about himself and his experience ended up in the book. (Mr. Lehrer said he used his “raw personal experience” to frame the ideas in the book, but felt he wasn’t very good at writing memoir.) Instead, he focuses on studies of the bonds between parents and children and spouses, and explores the differences between infatuation and lifelong partnerships. Though the inspiration for the book was deeply personal, Mr. Lehrer doesn’t reflect much on his own life or relationships. He describes his struggle to become a better husband and parent, and writes about how he found solace in caring for his toddler daughter after his journalistic crimes were exposed, but doesn’t go into great detail. Mr. Lehrer said one motivation for writing the book was that he wanted to be able to show his children that he had learned from his mistakes, and changed. “I always wondered how I would tell them the story of what I lost and my failures, and how I hurt their mother,” he said. “I wanted to say, I did something terrible, I broke the most basic rules of my profession, but I learned a lot from it and I wrote one more book. ” Even so, Mr. Lehrer said it took a while to convince his wife, a   lawyer, that writing the book was a good idea. Not surprisingly, he faced a new wave of criticism in 2013 when news broke that he had sold a manuscript to Simon  Schuster. In an article for Slate, Daniel Engber combed through a leaked copy of Mr. Lehrer’s book proposal and pointed to evidence of improperly cited material. (Mr. Engber was unimpressed by Mr. Lehrer’s new work, and wrote, “Lehrer may have given up on outright fraud, but he’s still prone to spreading bunk. ”) Given Mr. Lehrer’s reduced profile, “A Book About Love” is unlikely to match his earlier blockbuster sales. Simon  Schuster is publishing 23, 500 copies of the book, a modest number for an author whose previous three books collectively sold more than 350, 000 print copies, according to Nielsen. Jonathan Karp, the president and publisher of Simon  Schuster, said that he felt confident that Mr. Lehrer had reformed and that he deserved a chance to publish his work again. “This is a talented writer, who I think has apologized profusely for what he did,” he said. “Is he just supposed to walk away from his calling?” Mr. Lehrer’s editor, Ben Loehnen, said he was reassured by the extra measures Mr. Lehrer took to   his work, and said he had seen some of Mr. Lehrer’s correspondence with his fact checker. “I’ve felt all along that talent of his sort is too rare to condemn him to lifelong banishment,” Mr. Loehnen said. Mr. Lehrer has not recovered everyone’s trust. David Remnick, the editor of The New Yorker, said he had no intention of publishing Mr. Lehrer’s work again. Representatives for Wired and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt declined to comment on whether they would consider publishing new work by Mr. Lehrer. Still, some prominent journalists have stood by him, applauding his return. Robert Krulwich, the   of Radiolab, on WNYC, who has known Mr. Lehrer for about 15 years, said he supported Mr. Lehrer’s decision to return to writing. “I said to him, you have things to say, and you have the talent to say them,” he said. “But if you want to do this for some more of your life, then you’re going to have to pay the price, and you can’t ever let this happen again, ever. ”",0
5027,"‘Mischling,’ a Holocaust Tale of Twin Sisters in Mengele’s Grip - The New York Times","“During the period of the past century that I call Night,” Elie Wiesel wrote in a 2005 essay, “medicine was practiced in certain places not to heal but to harm, not to fight off death but to serve it. In the conflict between Good and Evil during the Second World War, the infamous Nazi doctors played a crucial role. They preceded the torturers and assassins in the science of organized cruelty that we call the Holocaust. ” The quintessence of that evil was embodied in Josef Mengele, the Auschwitz physician who not only sent countless men, women and children to the gas chambers, but also performed grotesque experiments on selected prisoners  —   especially twins, whom he eagerly sought out upon arrival. Though the children he selected were spared immediate death, they were subjected to monstrous surgeries and deliberately infected with diseases he injected chemicals into eyes, in an effort to change their color, and kept some of his subjects in tiny cages. Of about 1, 500 pairs of twins in Mengele’s “Zoo,” fewer than 200 individuals survived the war. Mengele’s crimes form the backdrop of Affinity Konar’s affecting new novel, “Mischling,” which takes its title from the term the Nazis used to denote people of mixed heritage. The novel draws heavily  —   even in granular detail  —   on the 1991 nonfiction book “Children of the Flames,” by Lucette Matalon Lagnado and Sheila Cohn Dekel, and on Robert Jay Lifton’s “The Nazi Doctors. ” Its    twin heroines seem to have been partly inspired by the twins Eva and Miriam Mozes (whose story Eva told in “Echoes From Auschwitz: Dr. Mengele’s Twins”). Yet for all her novel’s indebtedness to source material, Ms. Konar makes the emotional lives of her two spirited narrators piercingly real, as they recount, in alternating chapters, the harrowing story of their efforts to survive: Pearl, once the more outgoing of the sisters, becomes more methodical, more focused on memories to get through each day while Stasha grows feistier and more cunning  —   “a creature capable of tricking her enemies and rescuing her loved ones. ” What is most haunting about the novel is Ms. Konar’s ability to depict the hell that was Auschwitz, while at the same time capturing the resilience of many prisoners, their ability to hang on to hope and kindness in the face of the most awful suffering  —   to remain, in Mr. Wiesel’s words, humane “in an inhumane universe. ” The world Ms. Konar depicts is straight out of Hieronymus Bosch  —   a place of torture, cruelty and anguish, where death is everywhere and the sky is literally red with fire and ash. It’s a place that robs Stasha and Pearl of their innocence and childhood, and threatens to indelibly change their very sense of who they are. The girls, inseparable in their past life, find themselves growing apart  —   fiercely devoted to one another, but broken in different ways by Mengele’s hideous experiments, which damage Stasha’s hearing and sight and leave Pearl in a cage, her ankles snapped and her feet smashed. Mengele, who alternates displays of avuncular concern with chilling sadism, seems to take pleasure in watching what effect separation will have on the sisters. The second half of “Mischling” largely takes place after the advance of the Soviet Army and the liberation of Auschwitz. Pearl is taken care of by Miri, a Jewish doctor whom Mengele forced to work as his assistant, while Stasha finds herself wandering, with a friend named Feliks, through a blasted,   landscape that can’t help but remind the reader of Cormac McCarthy’s “The Road. ” Survival  —   simply finding food, water and shelter  —   is paramount, but Stasha becomes increasingly obsessed with hunting down Mengele and exacting revenge. Such plot points can seem melodramatic and contrived, and Ms. Konar’s prose occasionally eddies into   pretty writing: “For eight months we were afloat in amniotic snowfall, two rosy mittens resting on the lining of our mother. ” These passages call to mind the philosopher Theodor Adorno’s warning of the dangers of making art out of the Holocaust (“through aesthetic principles or stylization,” he argued, “the unimaginable ordeal” is “transfigured and stripped of some of its horror”) but these doubts are steamrollered by Ms. Konar’s ability to powerfully convey the experiences of her heroines: their resourcefulness and will to survive their resilience and faith in a future even in the face of extermination and Pearl’s remarkable determination to embrace forgiveness. Forgiveness “did not remove my pain or blunt my nightmares,” she says. “It was not a new beginning. It was not, in the slightest, an end. My forgiveness was a constant repetition, an acknowledgment of the fact that I still lived it was proof that their experiments, their numbers, their samples, was all for naught  —   I remained, a tribute to their underestimations of what a girl can endure. In my forgiveness, their failure to obliterate me was made clear. ”",0
5028,"Prize for ‘Winning’ Frat Bros' Game of 'Rock, Paper, Scissors' Was Allegedly Getting to Rape a Teen","
In November 2014, a horrific gang rape allegedly took place at a New Jersey college. 
The supposed victim: a 19-year-old woman who claims she was lured into a fraternity “date party” by members of Pi Kappa Alpha (PIKE). 
She's continuing to fight for justice after what allegedly happened to her two years ago, by filing a federal lawsuit in U.S. District Court last week against Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey. Ex-student sues NJ college over alleged 'brutal' gang rape at frat house, dorm https://t.co/84VQ1uKHZY — New Jersey 101.5 (@nj1015) October 25, 2016 
According to northjersey.com , the victim was greeted at her dorm door by a fraternity member in a tuxedo, who was reportedly “assigned” to get girls to come to the party. 
Once the victim was there, court documents reveal she became drunk to the point of unconsciousness and woke up after attending the party, felt she had been sexually assaulted, and went to Hackensack University Medical Center. Officials there found lacerations “consistent with non-consensual sex.” 
The teen, who goes by “Jane Doe” in the lawsuit, claims she was gang raped by tuxedo-wearing Christopher A. Lopez and another student, Nakeem Gardner, who are now 26 and 22 years old. 
The New York Daily News reports Lopez and Gardner even played the game “rock, paper, scissors” to decide who would have sex with the female student first. 
And the abuse allegedly didn't end there. NJ.com reports: 
After the initial sexual assault, the teen was involuntarily moved “without her shoes, underwear and jacket” across campus to Mackin Hall, where she was raped by others, the lawsuit claims. 
The suit alleges some of the male students “were falling-down laughing hysterically while also videotaping the sexual assault” on a cell phone. 
Three other students — Christopher Rainone, 20, Jordyn Massood, 20, and Justin Sommers, 20 — were also charged in connection to the alleged assault. 
Lopez and Gardner were charged with second degree sexual assault for allegedly gang raping the victim. Rainone, Massod and Sommers were charged with failing to aid the victim and for videotaping her while she was naked. 
All five former students have been indicted in connection with the alleged attacks, but pleaded not guilty in July 2016, and were offered a plea deal as a result. Image Credit: Bergen County Prosecutor's Office 
The lawsuit holds Ramapo College and/or PIKE Fraternity and Chapter accountable for what allegedly happened. 
Here are just a few of the suits ' claims: 
“College and PIKE Fraternity representatives were aware of the events leading up to the assaults, but did nothing to intervene or stop them from unfolding.” 
“This includes public safety and security employees and representatives, including outside Campus Security staff on patrol and present in security booths and checkpoints, well as the individual responsible for entry and exit at Mackin Hall.” 
“The school failed to enforce their own alcohol policies and failed to deter underage drinking on campus.” 
“Ramapo College was negligent, had deliberate indifference and failed to render assistance to a victim and intentional infliction of emotional distress.” 
The lawsuit goes on to argue that the victim has suffered permanent physical, psychological and emotional injuries as a result. 
Incidentally, this same college made headlines in 2014, when a school-led session on “understanding sexual assault” included advice that females should be aware of how their facial expressions could be misinterpreted by members of the opposite sex. 
Vice president at Ramapo, Cathy Davey, told northjersey.com the college hadn't yet been served with the lawsuit as of Tuesday, and that PIKE Fraternity was “no longer on campus.” ",0
5029,Boeing to Begin Testing Self-Flying Airplanes - Breitbart,"Airplane manufacturer Boeing is set to start testing   vehicles according to new reports. [The Independent reports that Boeing will soon be testing   planes, possibly utilizing artificial intelligence to make decisions usually left up to human pilots. Boeing’s aim is to develop an aircraft that can operate entirely with minimal human interaction. Planes can already take off, cruise, and land without much interaction from human pilots, so the idea of a fully functioning artificial   plane is not too far fetched.  Mike Sinnett, Boeing’s vice president of product development, told Reuters, “When I look at the future I see a need for you know 41, 000 commercial jet airplanes over the course of the next 20 years. And that means we’re going to need something like six hundred and seventeen thousand more pilots. That’s a lot of pilots. ” He continued to say, “so one of the ways that may be solved is by having some type of autonomous behaviour and that could be anything from taking instead of five pilots on a long haul flight down to three or two, taking two pilots down to one in a freight situation, or in some cases going from one to none. ” “So one of the ways that may be solved is by having some type of autonomous behaviour and that could be anything from taking instead of five pilots on a long haul flight down to three or two, taking two pilots down to one in a freight situation, or in some cases going from one to none,” he explained. Starting this summer, Boeing will use advanced cockpit simulators used in the training of pilots to test the new   technology before implementing it in an actual aircraft. Boeing isn’t the only airplane manufacturer looking at automated travel: Airbus is currently working on   flying cars and will be testing   flying taxis by the end of 2017 with the aim of rolling out further access to the taxis in 2021. Airbus, however, is looking to develop an     system while Boeing seems to be focusing on long haul, large passenger flights. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
5030,Sen. Richard Burr: ‘I Don’t See a Comprehensive Health Care Plan This Year’ - Breitbart,"Senator Richard Burr ( ) told WXII 12 News in North Carolina that he believes a health care deal will not pass through the Senate this year. [“It’s unlikely that we will get a   deal,” Burr admitted. The North Carolina senator said that the   GOP health plan was “dead on arrival,” and that “I don’t see a comprehensive health care plan this year. ”  Burr’s statement arises amidst a complicated pathway for Republicans to pass a health care bill through the Senate. Republicans control 52 seats in the upper chamber and need at least 50 votes and potentially Vice President Mike Pence to break a tie in the Senate. Establishment senators such as Susan Collins ( ) Lisa Murkowski ( ) and Bill Cassidy ( ) remain opposed to the House’s American Health Care Act (AHCA) while conservative senators such as Rand Paul ( ) Ted Cruz ( ) and Mike Lee ( ) want to push for more conservative measures in the Senate bill. Crafting a bill that satisfies both the moderate and the conservative wings of the Senate has become increasingly complex. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) does not know how to build a Republican consensus on health care reform in the Senate at the moment. McConnell ( ) told Reuters last week, “I don’t know how we get to 50 at the moment. ” White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, “The president in general finds it frustrating   …     how the Senate operates. ” President Trump tweeted this week that he hopes that the Senate can soon pass a health care overhaul bill. The president also believes that the Senate should switch to a 51 person majority to pass legislation. Switching to a 51 person majority might avoid the complications that arise from using budgetary reconciliation to pass health care and tax reform. Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal  replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $’s.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 31, 2017,  The U. S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2017,   ",0
5031,The Verdant Food of Iran Entices at Persian New Year - The New York Times,"Pardis Stitt still remembers the grocery shopping trips of her childhood in Birmingham, Ala.: loading into the family car, a silver Oldsmobile station wagon with a maroon interior and an   player, and wandering the store aisles as her mother tracked down the ingredients for dishes like kuku sabzi, the Persian frittata densely packed with an array of green herbs. “Back in the day, you couldn’t find dill and cilantro at the Piggly Wiggly,” said Ms. Stitt, 51. “There was one Asian market, or else we had to drive two hours to Atlanta. ” Most cooks would omit the cilantro from a recipe before making a   trek in search of it. But for Ms. Stitt’s mother, who moved to the United States from Iran with her husband in 1963, preparing food without herbs would be unthinkable. Fresh herbs, both raw and cooked, lie at the foundation of Iranian cuisine. Leaving them out would be like making Italian food without tomatoes or Japanese food without seaweed. In other words, nearly impossible. This is especially true during Nowruz, the Persian New Year, a   celebration that begins on the first day of spring. The holiday, which is secular, begins as families come together to count down to the precise moment of the equinox, even if it falls before dawn. (This year it will arrive on Monday at 6:29 a. m. Eastern time.) During Nowruz (pronounced  ) everyone gathers around a haft sin, a table spread with seven items, including sprouts, which symbolize rebirth, and apples, which represent health and beauty. Family members may play music, pour fragrant drops of rose water into one another’s palms, or eat a bite of sweet baklava to usher in the holiday with all of their senses. Then comes the feast  —   lunch or dinner, depending on what time the equinox falls  —   followed by 11 days of   meals and teatime sweets. On the final day, it’s traditional to retreat outdoors for a day of picnicking. The dishes of the Nowruz table are verdant and flavorful, like the kuku sabzi that Ms. Stitt loves. (Though she runs four restaurants in Birmingham with her husband, the chef Frank Stitt, she still calls her mother to request it.) Yet Iranian cuisine remains stubbornly unfamiliar in the United States, even as Americans have become more interested in Middle Eastern ingredients and foods like hummus, tahini and pomegranate molasses. There is a dearth of Persian restaurants outside the Los Angeles, New York and Washington areas, where a significant percentage of the nation’s   Americans of Iranian descent live. (“Iranian” refers to nationality and “Persian” to ethnicity, and many   use the terms interchangeably. Ms. Stitt suggested that this was in response to the 1979 crisis at the American embassy in Tehran. “That’s when we all switched from saying we were Iranian to saying we were Persian,” she said. “If you said Persian, people didn’t really know what that was. ”) But even Persian restaurants rarely offer the most distinctive Iranian cooking, which is labor intensive and often involves chopping great quantities of herbs. Instead, they tend to focus on kebabs and rice. Until recently, the best chance most Americans had to experience the food of Iran was to score an invitation to the home of an Iranian friend. There may not exist a better ambassador for cooking with herbs than Hanif Sadr. Nearly every dish the chef serves includes mint, dill, parsley, tarragon, cilantro and tareh, a type of chive. Mr. Sadr, 34, grew up spending Nowruz on his family’s farm in the Gilan province in northern Iran, where he’d harvest herbs and forage for wild fruits and nuts for the holiday dishes. When he moved from Tehran to California for graduate school in 2013, he found the similarities in climate and landscape disorienting. “The first few days after moving to Berkeley, I couldn’t tell whether I was in California or northern Iran,” he said. “In the hills, I found and foraged the same wild hazelnuts, Persian hogweed, citrus and green plums we have in Iran. ” After a temporary cooking job led him away from his studies and into the kitchen, Mr. Sadr founded Komaaj, a roving Iranian   restaurant and catering company, in 2015. At dinners and “Caspian tea parties” around the Bay Area, he serves dishes like khiar dalar, cucumbers spread with a shockingly green paste of wild mint, pennyroyal, cilantro and salt. Or baghali ghatogh, a dill and fava bean stew scented with garlic and saffron, in which eggs are poached. Promptly after arriving in Berkeley, Mr. Sadr planted an herb garden. He’s now working with farmers and foragers in northern Iran to begin importing herbs, edible flowers and teas that he can’t find here. “It’s crazy!” Mr. Sadr said as he stared down a pile of cilantro, dill, parsley and tarragon on his cutting board, waiting to be chopped for use in bij, the mixture of chopped herbs, walnuts and pomegranate molasses that forms the base of many northern Iranian dishes. Besides the sheer quantity of the herbs  —   in Iran, they are measured by the kilogram rather than the bunch  —   the thing that distinguishes Persian cuisine is the multifaceted role those herbs play. Whether they are wilted, stewed or fried, fresh herbs transform as they cook, first mellowing and then sweetening in flavor. Americans generally encounter herbs in the form of a condiment, puréed into a sauce like pesto or sprinkled raw over a finished dish, and may not think of them as cornerstone ingredients. Mr. Sadr often meets diners who are incredulous that mint and cilantro can be cooked, with delicious results. “By the time you have finished dinner, you have eaten two whole bunches,” he tells them. “Herbs are not just a garnish for us. ” This year, Komaaj will host Persian New Year events in Berkeley and San Francisco. It’s traditional to eat fish, a symbol of life, so Mr. Sadr folds a little fish roe into bij, then stuffs the mixture into trout that he has drizzled with sour orange molasses. After a short turn in a hot oven, the fish emerges with crisp, brown skin. The sweet and sour herbs contrast with the delicate, flaky fish without overwhelming it. “This is a rich, ancient way of cooking, and people here are so excited about our ingredients, our herbs,” he said. “I really want to win people’s hearts with the food I’m cooking. ” For Mana Heshmati, an engineer in Detroit who runs a   restaurant called Peace Meal Kitchen, the taste of Nowruz is sabzi polo, an herbed rice dish that represents prosperity and rebirth. “The color of the food, and the symbolic meaning behind it, is as exciting as it tastes,” she said. Ms. Heshmati, 27, and her family moved around the Midwest after coming to the United States in 1993, but the dish was a constant at the holiday table every year. The rice for sabzi polo is cooked in two stages. The rice is parboiled and then tossed with an abundance of herbs and leeks and layered into a preheated pan coated with butter and oil. As the mixture is spooned into the pan, the bottommost layer of rice sizzles, turning into the   crust known as tahdig, while the rest of the rice gently steams until the grains are fluffy. Ms. Heshmati said her mother added an extra flourish: “She always puts a handful of whole garlic cloves in the rice, because we used to fight over who got those. ” Instead of salad, nearly all Persian meals are accompanied by sabzi khordan, a heaping platter of fresh herbs, radishes, walnuts and feta cheese served with flatbread. Guests delight in making perfectly balanced mouthfuls of pungent herbs, spicy radishes, salty cheese and crunchy nuts wrapped in pieces of warm bread. Sometimes, Mr. Sadr turns sabzi khordan into a salad for diners who are not accustomed to eating handfuls of undressed raw herbs. Ms. Heshmati started Peace Meal Kitchen about a year ago to share her Iranian cooking, like ghormeh sabzi, a fragrant herb, bean and beef stew scented with dried limes. “I love ghormeh sabzi,” she said. “But I took it once for lunch in elementary school and then never again because I got made fun of. I even had a boyfriend in college who made fun of it. ” She now regularly prepares ghormeh sabzi for her guests, some of whom drive from Canada or from suburbs over an hour away. At a recent event, she sold out of 80 servings in 90 minutes. “Iranian food is delicious,” she said. “It’s hard to hate on it. ” Recipes: Herbed Rice With Tahdig | Fish Stuffed With Herbs, Walnuts and Pomegranate | Herb and Radish Salad With Feta and Walnuts | More Nowruz Dishes",0
5032,U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time - The New York Times,"A team of American chefs on Wednesday won the biennial Bocuse d’Or culinary competition  —   the equivalent of the Olympics for professional cooks  —   for the first time in the contest’s   history. In the finals in Lyon, France, a group of 10 chefs and helpers from the United States won the gold medal. Norway took the silver medal, and Iceland won the bronze. In 2015 an American team was awarded the silver medal in the competition, which was founded by the French chef Paul Bocuse. Teams from 24 countries competed this year. “I promised Monsieur Paul 10 years ago that we’d make it to the top of the podium,” said the chef Thomas Keller, who is the president of Team U. S. A. “We made it in nine. ” The team’s head chef was Mathew Peters, 33, from Meadville, Pa. who was most recently the executive   of Mr. Keller’s New York restaurant, Per Se. His commis, or helper, was Harrison Turone, 21, from Omaha, who also worked at Per Se. Both of the chefs took a year off to prepare for the contest, a fierce competition in which the American team is made up of younger chefs who can spare the time to train. Philip Tessier, a member of the team that won second place in 2015, was the Americans’ coach. This year the chefs were required to prepare a meat platter and a vegan dish in 5 hours 35 minutes. “We had to use two proteins, Bresse chicken and crayfish,” Mr. Peters said. “And this was the first year there was a vegan dish. ” The teams were required to interpret “Poulet de Bresse aux Écrevisses,” a Lyonnaise classic. The American version involved the chicken with morel mushroom sausage, braised wings, a wine glaze and sauce Américaine, a kind of lobster sauce. Alongside were a chicken liver quenelle with foie gras, corn custard,   peas and toasted pistachios, as well as lobster tail with Meyer lemon mousse. The garnishes included preparations using carrots, Vidalia onions, black truffles, carrots, peas and potatoes. They brought some of the ingredients from the United States. For the vegan dish, the chefs prepared California asparagus with cremini mushrooms, potatoes, a custard made of green almonds, Meyer lemon confit, a Bordelaise sauce and a crumble using an almond and vegetable yeast preparation that mimicked Parmesan cheese. The team arrived in Lyon 10 days ago. After the winners were announced at 7:25 p. m. local time, Mr. Peters, who had been cooking since 8:40 a. m. said his energy was starting to come back. An estimated 300 American supporters were in the hall to cheer the team. Unlike some teams, the Americans were supported only by commercial sponsors and contributions, with no government funding. “I don’t think our government knows who we are,” Mr. Keller said. Mr. Keller said he could not estimate how much participation in the contest cost. But he said that experience was essential. “We learned along the way,” he said. “Our win was built on the shoulders of a thousand people. ”",0
5033,Physician Aid in Dying Gains Acceptance in the U.S. - The New York Times,"Judith Katherine Dunning had been waiting anxiously for California to adopt legislation that would make it legal for her to end her life. The cancer in her brain was progressing despite several rounds of treatment. At 68, she spent most of her day asleep and needed an aide to help with basic tasks. More centrally, Ms. Dunning  —   who, poignantly, had worked as an oral historian in Berkeley, Calif.  —   was losing her ability to speak. Even before the End of Life Option Act became law, in October 2015, she had recorded a video expressing her desire to hasten her death. The video, she hoped, would make her wishes clear, in case there were any doubts later on. “She felt she had completed all the important tasks of her life,” recalled her physician, Dr. Michael Rabow, director of the symptom management service at the University of California, San Francisco. “When she could no longer communicate, life was no longer worth living. ” In recent months, this option has become available to a growing number of Americans. Last June,    legislation took effect in California, the most populous state. In November, Colorado voters approved a ballot measure by nearly a   majority. The District of Columbia Council has passed a similar law, and the mayor quietly signed it last month. Aid in dying was already legal in Washington, Vermont, Montana and Oregon. So even if the District of Columbia’s law is blocked, as a prominent Republican representative has threatened to do, the country has arrived at a remarkable moment: Close to 20 percent of Americans live in jurisdictions where adults can legally end their lives if they are terminally ill and meet eligibility requirements. The laws, all based on the Death With Dignity Act Oregon adopted in 1997, allow physicians to write prescriptions for lethal drugs when patients qualify. The somewhat complicated procedure involves two oral requests and a written one, extensive discussions, and approval by two physicians. Patients must have the mental capacity to make medical decisions. While that process took shape in Oregon two decades ago, the cultural and political context surrounding it has changed considerably. The states recently considering the issue differ from earlier adopters, and as opposition from some longtime adversaries has softened, new obstacles have arisen. Historically, aid in dying has generated fierce resistance from the Catholic Church, from certain   activists, and from others who cite religious or moral objections. Even the terminology  —   aid in dying? assisted suicide? death with dignity?  —   creates controversy. But the concept has long drawn broad support in public opinion polls. Polltakers for the General Social Survey, done by NORC at the University of Chicago have asked a representative national sample this question since 1977: “When a person has a disease that cannot be cured, do you think doctors should be allowed by law to end the patient’s life by some painless means if the patient and his family request it?” The proportion of Americans responding affirmatively, always a substantial majority, has bounced between 66 and 69 percent for 15 years. But support was not evenly distributed: Such laws initially were enacted in states with predominantly white populations like Oregon, and to date the vast majority of patients who have used them are white. “I hear people talk all the time about this being a rich white person’s issue,” said Donna Smith, legislative manager for the District of Columbia at the group Compassion and Choices, who is  . “Now, we have proof on the ground that that is not true. ” Indeed, aid in dying has expanded to more diverse locales.   whites represent a minority of Californians. Colorado is more than 21 percent Latino. In the District of Columbia, nearly half of whose residents are   five of six black council members voted in favor of the legislation. State medical societies, once active foes of    initiatives, also have begun shifting their positions, citing deep divisions among their members. The California Medical Association, the Colorado Medical Society and the Medical Society of the District of Columbia all took officially neutral stances as legislators and voters debated, depriving opponents of influential allies. So has the state medical society in Maryland, where legislators plan to reintroduce a bill (the third attempt) this month. The American Medical Association, an opponent since 1993, has asked its Council on Ethical and Judicial Affairs to look at the    issue and submit a report in June, though without recommending any policy. But even as the idea gains acceptance, passage of a bill or ballot measure does not always make aid in dying broadly available to those who want it. In addition to the safeguards the law requires, its practice can be balky  —   at least in the early stages. State   provisions allow any individual or institution to decline to provide prescriptions. In California, Catholic health care systems have opted out, predictably, but so have a number of others, including Vitas, the nation’s largest hospice chain. Moreover, California hospitals and hospices can forbid their affiliated physicians to write the necessary prescriptions, even if they are acting privately. Some health systems with hundreds of doctors have done so. (Vermont, Colorado and the District of Columbia allow doctors to make individual decisions.) “The shortage of participating providers has led to a lot of patient and family frustration,” said Dr. Laura Petrillo, palliative care physician at the San Francisco V. A. Medical Center, in an email. “They had the expectation that it would be available and happen seamlessly once the law went into effect, and then find themselves needing to do a lot of legwork” to find doctors willing to prescribe lethal drugs and pharmacies to fill prescriptions, she said. Sometimes, when patients have waited until late in their illnesses, they die before they can become eligible for assisted death. Or they become too physically or mentally incapacitated to take the drugs themselves, as legally required, even if they do qualify. In areas where many providers opt out, very sick patients may have to travel long distances to use the law. And costs can also prove a barrier. Some private insurers pay for the necessary doctors’ visits and drugs. In California, most do, said Matt Whitaker, state director of Compassion and Choices, the leading    advocacy group. But Congress has long prohibited the use of federal dollars for aid in dying, so Medicare and the Department of Veterans Affairs will not cover it. States like California and Oregon have agreed to cover the costs for Medicaid recipients others do not. Cost mattered less years ago, when a lethal dose of barbiturates ran a couple of hundred dollars. But in 2015, as California legislators introduced their bill, Valeant Pharmaceuticals acquired Seconal, the most commonly used    drug. The company, known (and condemned) for a similar strategy with other medications, spiked the price, a move Mr. Whitaker called “ethically and morally bankrupt. ” Now, patients whose insurers will not cover aid in dying face paying $3, 000 to $4, 000 for the drug. Valeant has denied the suggestion that it was exploiting the new law. As a result, physicians are turning to alternative  —   and     —   combinations of opioids and sedatives for those who cannot afford the standard medication. Despite such obstacles and disappointments, an emboldened Compassion and Choices, with a staff that has tripled since 2008 and an annual budget that has nearly quadrupled to $16. 9 million  —   is eyeing its next targets. Over several years, its leaders think they can help legalize aid in dying in Maryland, Hawaii and New York. Aid in dying, it should be noted, may be a vehemently debated issue, with campaigns that can involve thousands of participants and millions of dollars  —   but it ultimately has affected a tiny proportion of people. The number of residents taking advantage of these laws in Oregon and Washington has climbed in the past two years. Still, after nearly 20 years in Oregon and eight in Washington, far fewer than 1 percent of annual deaths involve a lethal prescription. (Of those residents who do receive one, about a third do not use it.) It’s not the way most Americans choose to die, even when they have the legal option. Yet the end of life care most people receive needs substantial improvement. While partisans fight over aid in dying, skeptics like Dr. Rabow note, the complicated and expensive measures that could improve    care for the great majority  —   overhauled medical education, better staffed and operated nursing homes, increased access to hospice and palliative care  —   go largely unaddressed. Still, Ms. Dunning was Dr. Rabow’s longtime patient. When California’s act took effect, she began the process of requesting lethal medication. Her speech had slurred further, but not yet enough to render her unintelligible. Dr. Rabow did not want to see her die, and he is no fan of the    movement. But Ms. Dunning had been clear, consistent and determined. He wrote the prescription. “She was ready to have her life end, and no amount of support or medication or counseling would change the situation,” he said. In September, she invited him to her home, where she planned to swallow the fatal slurry of barbiturates. On the appointed day, Dr. Rabow arrived to find “a house full of people who didn’t want her to end her life, but were there to support her and respect her   decision. ” Over the course of the day, people said their goodbyes, then withdrew to leave Ms. Dunning with her closest relatives, her hospice nurse and her doctor. Her son mixed her Seconal solution and she swallowed it, no simple task for someone with advanced cancer. She lost consciousness almost immediately and died several hours later. “I wished she could have had a natural life span,” Dr. Rabow said. “And I would have made a different choice. But I was honored to be there to watch this very dignified woman live her life the way she wanted to. ”",0
5034,Veterans Day in Trump’s America - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site 
On November, 8, 2016, every pissed off white guy and, as it turns out, plenty of pissed off white women, showed up to the polls and voted for the now President-elect of the United States, Donald J. Trump. 
That’s right: The Donald – sexual predator, sociopath, disgraced businessman, reality TV star and all around huckster – is now the most powerful man in the world (insofar as any individual can wield power within extremely complex systems and institutions). 
Nevertheless, President Trump now presides over the largest military empire and the richest nation in the history of the world. 
*** 
I was wrong. Hell, almost everyone was wrong, except my Mom, whose street smarts outperformed Nate Silver’s algorithms. Looking back, I should’ve known better and trusted my instincts. After all, I live in Michigan City, Indiana, located in the heart of America’s Rust Belt – the region that gave the world President Trump. 
I grew up with Trump supporters. Many of my neighbors are Trump supporters. Most of my father’s friends are Trump supporters. And half of my extended family voted for Trump. In many ways, I should be a Trump supporter: I’m White, male, a high school graduate (never finished college) and a Marine Corps veteran. 
Thankfully, I found good books, good music and good drugs at 19 years old. Otherwise, who knows? I could’ve ended up at a Trump rally, punching protesters and acting like a jackbooted thug. Instead, I find myself firmly planted on the left, wondering how we can reach out to portions of Trump’s base. 
*** 
In the age of social media, conspiracy theories and outright falsehoods often drown out rational debate and facts. FoxNews, AM Radio and the Alt-Right media have poisoned the well. In the process, they’ve bamboozled large segments of White America – both young and old. 
Thanks to alternative news sources such as Breitbart and Alex Jones, tens of millions of Americans are being exposed to a quasi-Libertarian/Alt-Right ideology at a staggering pace. Breaking this web of propaganda will be an enormous task, but a necessary one. Here, existing alternative media outlets will be essential. 
If we’re interested in exposing more working class and poor white Americans to leftwing ideas and radical politics, we’ll need to write and speak in a way that regular people can understand. In the real world, no one gives a fuck how smart you sound. In fact, I would argue that’s one of the reasons some of Trump’s supporters resent the MSNBC-Yuppie-Liberal-types: they come off as smug assholes. 
*** 
Speaking of smug assholes, we can thank Rachel Maddow, the New York Times, Washington Post and CNN for Trump’s victory. The only thing more precious than their hubris and utter lack of journalistic integrity is their willingness to normalize a sexual predator and neofascist as president. If there’s any silver lining to this election, it’s that the liberal media has been exposed as the propaganda wing of the DNC. 
Not only did they destroy Bernie’s chances (if he ever had any to begin with), they then tried to shove a neoliberal-hawk down our throats. But people didn’t buy it, especially black and brown people. 
*** 
As we speak, tends of thousands of Americans are taking to the street to protest Trump and White Supremacy. While I wholeheartedly encourage and support those who are protesting, would Hillary have enjoyed such a reception from the left? Doubtful. 
And where have the protests been for the last eight years of Obama’s drone wars and capitulation to Wall Street? Where was the outrage as Obama deported more immigrants in his first four years than Bush deported in his entire eight? 
Yes, let’s protest. But let’s be more principled and sophisticated than we were during the Bush years. If 2020 or 2024 ends with another Obama, we’ve failed. In order for this not to happen, we’ll need to constantly reexamine what we’re doing, and why. 
*** 
And this brings us to Veterans Day, one of the most hollow and absurd holidays in American society. Unless you have stock in Lockheed Martin or Goldman Sachs, there’s really no reason to thank me for my “service.” We destroyed Iraq and killed innocent people. We mutilated dead bodies and tortured prisoners. And we did it all for geopolitical and corporate interests. 
Some studies suggest over 1,000,000 Iraqis have died as a result of America’s illegal and immoral war. The war in Iraq has also given the world ISIS. The war in Iraq destabilized an entire region of the planet (something conveniently forgotten by most Americans as they contemplate No Fly Zones in Syria). The war in Iraq has resulted in thousands of veterans suicides (22 a day). More marines from my platoon have killed themselves since returning home than died overseas. 
But vets get to go home, at least most of them. The Iraqis have to live with the legacy of Uncle Sam’s madness for the rest of their lives. Everyone had better think about what all of this means as President-Elect Donald J. Trump, a man who openly mocked a Purple Heart recipient and joked about using nuclear weapons, takes office. Related ",0
5035,"Bill O’Reilly’s Secret: He Was a Centrist, Not a Conservative - Breitbart","The mainstream media are celebrating the ouster of Bill O’Reilly from Fox News, with CNN offering virtually    coverage. But they are overstating his political importance. MSNBC’s Chuck Todd called O’Reilly a “leader” in the conservative movement, which is more wishful thinking than reality. [In truth, the secret of O’Reilly’s success was that he was a centrist. He hit the elusive sweet spot that many media outlets covet, but few actually bother to pursue.  Professor Tim Groseclose (formerly of UCLA, now of George Mason) who is the best authority on political leanings in the media, used data analysis in Left Turn: How Liberal Media Bias Distorts the American Mind in 2011 to show that not only were most media outlets left of center, but also that public opinion was further left than it would have been were it not for the media’s effect. On a scale of 0 to 100  —   zero being most conservative, and 100 most liberal  —   the true center of the American public, absent media influence, was around 25, Groseclose argued. And O’Reilly, on the same objective scale, registered as exactly that: 25. As excerpted at the time by the Powerline blog, Groseclose wrote:   …     What if we could magically remove the metaphoric glass and see,    the average American, once his political views are no longer distorted by media bias? What would we see? The answer, basically, is Ben Stein.   …     Yes, the actor, author, commentator, and former host of Win Ben Stein’s Money. More specific, the person whom we’d see is anyone —  like Ben Stein —  who has a Political Quotient near 25. The Political Quotient is a device that I construct to measure political views in a precise, objective, and quantitative way. A person’s PQ indicates the degree to which he is liberal. For instance, as I have calculated, the PQs of Barney Frank ( .) and Nancy Pelosi ( .) are approximately 100. Meanwhile the PQs of noted conservatives Michele Bachmann ( .) and Jim DeMint ( . C.) are approximately 0. Two other people whose PQs are approximately 25 are Bill O’Reilly and Dennis Miller. They are significantly more conservative than the average American voter, whose PQ is approximately 50. But they are significantly more liberal than politicians like Michele Bachmann or Jim DeMint. As my results show, if we could magically eliminate media bias, then the average American would think and vote like Stein, Miller, O’Reilly, and others who have a PQ near 25. Todd acknowledged on Wednesday that O’Reilly was not the most conservative host on Fox News, but that misses the more fundamental fact of O’Reilly’s centrism. It explains O’Reilly’s appeal  —   and also explains why he was often criticized by conservatives, and often scolded them in return. He was the elusive center. Of course, to acknowledge that would be to devalue the media’s scalp in this case  —   and to admit the media’s own bias, which they prefer to ignore. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
5036,Report: PETA Produced Fake Animal Abuse Video as Part of Attempted Viral Awareness Campaign - Breitbart,"PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) has reportedly produced a fake animal abuse video to “raise awareness” of the issue online. [“The animal rights group has produced a disturbing new video that depicts a cat suffering at the hands of its owner. It’s difficult to watch. It’s also completely fake,” reports Mashable. “But it looks real it is a skilled CGI work clearly meant to deceive viewers. Now, PETA is trying to enlist complicit media organizations to knowingly publish the fake video in an effort to make the lie go viral. ”  “Through this marketing effort, PETA is trying to convince the media to report and share a fake video as if it’s real, in hopes of deceiving the public to create manufactured outrage,” Mashable continued. “As animal lovers, this is offensive. As a media outlet with a responsibility to truthfulness, this is unethical. As people with basic moral values, WTF?” Mashable claims PETA’s involvement in the fake video is shown in a    clip that was also emailed to them by a public relations firm allegedly working with the animal activists: What we’d like to do is have Mashable debut this video of a cat, created with   imagery (CGI) being abused, which will have been planted on YouTube anonymously by the ad agency who created it for PETA. Your posting of the provocative piece would simply be to acknowledge that it’s in circulation  —   not to make any claims about its authenticity.   …     When the video has drawn the critical response and the number of views we’re anticipating (ideally, into the millions) we would then have you reveal to the world that the cat was NOT harmed, but was actually created with CGI by posting this    video. It reveals the reasons for the creation of the first video and asks people to avoid circuses that use lions, tigers, or any other live animals. Mashable called the plan to create a viral video “wrong and irresponsible,” while one Twitter user called them “unethical” for the trick. “Anyone surprised?” asked Daily Mail U. S. political editor David Martosko on Twitter. Anyone surprised? https:  .   —   David Martosko (@dmartosko) June 7, 2017,  “PETA is pitching literal fake news because PETA is terrible,” added BuzzFeed reporter Tyler Kingkade. PETA is pitching literal fake news because PETA is terrible https:  .   —   Tyler Kingkade (@tylerkingkade) June 7, 2017,  PETA has previously faced criticism for deceptive tricks, including the time they hired musician Jona Weinhofen to hold a fake plastic sheep covered in blood in a deceptive attempt to turn people against sheep shearing. The image was refuted by sheep farmers, with one claiming, “In two decades of living on a sheep farm, I have seen nothing resembling the images put forward by Peta in its campaign against the wool industry. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.",0
5037,U.N. Report Blames Israel for Palestinian Men Beating Their Wives,"A new report by a United Nations expert, and submitted to the U. N. Human Rights Council, blames Israel in part for Palestinian men beating their wives  —   offering more fuel to those in the Trump administration seeking to leave the council over its   bias. [The document, first reported by U. N. Watch, which monitors the international body, was written by Dubravka Šimonović  —   the Special Rapporteur on violence against women  —   who filed dual reports based on her trips to the region in 2016. The report in question focuses on the “causes and consequences” of violence against women in the region.  In her filing on Israel, Šimonović highlights what she claims is a “clear linkage” between the “Israeli occupation” and Palestinian domestic abuse: While recognizing the imperatives related to security and stability in the region, the Rapporteur highlights the clear linkage between the prolonged occupation and [violence against women] and she notes, like her predecessor, that the occupation does not exonerate the State of Palestine from its due human rights obligation to prevent, investigate, punish and provide remedies for acts of   violence (GBV) in the areas and for persons under its jurisdiction or effective control. The report states:  Several testimonies the Rapporteur collected highlighted that the economic situation, the level of unemployment and the pressure of the occupation have a greater impact on women’s and children’s lives, making them more vulnerable to domestic violence, in particular in Gaza, due to the constant pressure felt by the blockade and the recurring cycles of conflict, and the overcrowding that limits their mobility and privacy. While Šimonović does partly blame traditions and culture within Palestinian society, her report still fingered Israel in those sections. For instance, the report claims that “decades of Israeli occupation in parallel with the continuation of patriarchal attitude in Palestinian society expose women to subordination and continuing violence. ” However, while in some places the report does state that what it calls “the State of Palestine” has a responsibility, it also mitigates that responsibility in other sections, at one point claiming: “the occupation is a real obstacle to the State’s due diligence obligation to prevent violence against women in areas where it does not have full jurisdiction  …    ”  “Israeli occupation” refers to Israel’s presence in the West Bank, which is dotted with historic Jewish towns and Jewish holy sites and eastern Jersualem, home of the Western Wall and Temple Mount. The Human Rights Council has long been accused of   bias. U. S. Ambassador Nikki Haley has repeatedly called the council out on its bias, and threatened that the U. S. may leave that body if it does not reform its membership and focus less on Israel. At a debate on the report at the Human Rights Council in Geneva, U. N. Watch representative Hillel Neuer criticized Šimonović and accused her of “infantilizing” Palestinian men, and questioned why she did not spend more time on the issue of “tradition and culture,” arguing that Palestinian TV gives advice to husbands on how to hit their wives. Šimonović responded by clarifying that “any man who is beating his wife is responsible  —   he is a perpetrator of violence. ”  “But when we are speaking about human rights responsibility and due diligence responsibility, then we are at a different level, because states have due diligence responsibility to prevent violence against women and to establish measures to prevent such violence to punish perpetrators of violence and to provide compensation to victims,” she said. Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY",0
5038,South Africa to Withdraw From International Criminal Court · Guardian Liberty Voice,"On Thursday, Nov. 3, 2016, Tshililo Michael Masutha, the Minister of Justice of South Africa, presented a bill to parliament for the withdrawal from the International Criminal Court (ICC). South Africa, Burundi, and Gambia announced in October their intention to leave the ICC due to what they believe is unbalanced treatment of the Court’s members. This move is drawing much attention internationally and some are concerned an African exodus from the ICC could be taking place. Support for the ICC in Africa is reflected in a statement issued on Oct. 22 by 24 African and international organizations that have called South Africa’s decision, “a slap in the face for victims.”
South Africa’s decision to withdraw from the International Criminal Court is being seen as more significant than the Burundian lawmakers’ decision to vote themselves out on Oct. 12. Burundi has experienced an increase in “violence and conflict” since President Pierre Nkurunziza’s announcement that he will be seeking a third term in office. Due to this violence, the ICC opened a Preliminary Investigation into the situation in Burundi, causing some resentment from its leadership. Gambia’s decision to leave is also no surprise to many after President Yahya Jammeh and his government was again criticized for “cracking down” on political opposition.

South Africa has not been the target of an ICC investigation which is why their decision is being received differently. Criticisms of the ICC include ineffective prosecution and uneven treatment of the Court’s members. Frustration was experienced by Africa’s ICC members recently when Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, while being indicted for “multiple counts of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes,” was allowed to freely travel to ICC member-states where the ICC holds jurisdiction. ICC jurisdiction can be a complicated matter. The Rome Statute, the international legal treaty that established the ICC, dictates that it will be the obligation of the Court’s members’ policing agencies to “cooperate fully with the Court in its investigation and prosecution of crimes.”
This essentially means while the ICC holds the jurisdiction to prosecute those who have committed the worst crimes, domestic authorities need to aid in the facilitation of such procedures. This notion that local remedies must be exhausted prior to ICC intervention was exhibited by Nigeria during Bashir’s international trip. Upon arriving in Nigeria legal charges were brought against him in Nigeria’s domestic court system, perhaps prompting him to leave just 24 hours after arriving. The prosecution of Bashir is also complicated due to the African Unions policy, established in 2013, of not prosecuting sitting “heads of state.”
The other criticism, that the ICC treats its member’s unbalanced looks to be an accurate statement, but it may also carry a complicated explanation. The Rome Statute has been ratified by 124 nations. These nations did not all join at once and African countries have been more zealous than others in referring criminals to The Hague for prosecution. Over half of the investigations being conducted by the ICC at present were referred by African ICC members. In fact, nine out of ten of the current investigations are of African individuals and all 32 individuals who have been indicted under the jurisdiction of the ICC have been from Africa. So, while the numbers reflect a heavy focus on African criminals, these people have been referred to the Court by African nations.
South Africa’s decision to proceed with their withdrawal from the ICC could bring more attention to the above criticisms. Many argue, though, that there is still strong support for the ICC in Africa. On Thursday, coinciding with Masutha’s submission of the bill, the Acting Spokesperson for Nigeria’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Jane Adams, communicated in a statement that Nigeria would not be leaving the ICC. Adams believes, “A strengthened, reinvigorated and fine-tuned ICC as a symbol of the International Criminal system has an important role to play to offer solace to victims of heinous despicable and dastardly crimes.”
By Joel Wickwire
Sources:
Foreign Affairs – ICC on Ice?
Human Rights Watch – Africa Speaks Out Against ICC Withdrawal
International Criminal Court (ICC) – Statement of the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Fatou Bensouda, on Opening a Preliminary Examination into the Situation in Burundi
International Criminal Court (ICC) – Situations Under Investigation
The Jurist – South Africa Justice Minister Submits Bill to Withdraw from ICC
Top Image Courtesy GovernmentZA’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
In-Line and Feature Image Courtesy of Christopher A. Dominic’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
     court",0
5039,"Clinton, Trump, Reno: Your Monday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. We’re providing unlimited access to all New York Times digital platforms through Wednesday. Here’s the latest. 1. On the eve of Election Day, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump scrambled around the country, urging voters to see the decision as having almost apocalyptic significance. Mrs. Clinton was set to join Bruce Springsteen and the Obamas for a final rally in Philadelphia. Mr. Trump stayed on the attack, faulting the F. B. I. for clearing Mrs. Clinton a second time over her use of a private email server. Polls show a tight race nationally and in swing states, though early voting data indicates increased Hispanic turnout, which bodes well for Mrs. Clinton. ____ 2. So what time will the race be called? It’s a complicated question, and   projections can be a roller coaster. Our latest election forecast suggests that Mrs. Clinton could reach the critical number of electoral votes by 9 p. m. or Mr. Trump by 10 p. m. TV networks have huge operations to crunch numbers, but like all mainstream news media, face intense public distrust. “The pain of getting it wrong in this environment would be very ” said the president of ABC News. Here are our most insightful stories about the race over the past year. ____ 3. Janet Reno, the first woman to serve as U. S. attorney general, died at her home in Florida of complications from Parkinson’s disease. She was 78. Her eight years in office put her in the middle of some of the most divisive episodes of Bill Clinton’s presidency: the raid on a cult in Waco, Tex. the seizing of little Elián González and the Monica Lewinsky and Whitewater scandals. ____ 4. The sprawling Indian city of Delhi is choking. The most dangerous particulate pollution has soared to more than 16 times the level considered safe by the World Health Organization. Sustained exposure is the equivalent of smoking more than 40 cigarettes a day. Schools are closed, but the acrid,   air travels indoors, too. Changing weather is likely to disperse the dense smog over the next few days. ____ 5. Australia will not legalize   marriage any time soon. A bill that would have allowed for a plebiscite on the issue was shot down in Parliament over the $140 million cost and concerns that it would become a platform for hate speech. Polls show around 70 percent of Australians want marriage equality. Above, a rally last year. ____ 6. China blocked two young   activists, above, from taking their seats in Hong Kong’s legislature. The semiautonomous territory is bracing for protests against Beijing’s new power play. On the mainland, a new law gives the authorities far greater control over the internet as of next summer. ____ 7. A Chinese Paralympic champion was nowhere to be seen at the finish of the New York City Marathon. Turned out her wheelchair had blown a tire at Mile 13  —   so three people, aided by a translation app, stepped in to help. “It really was a cool New York moment,” one said. ____ 8. The chopped cheese  —   a sandwich made of ground beef, onions and cheese  —   is making its way from New York City’s delis to upscale restaurants. It comes with a side of controversy about race, class, cultural appropriation and gentrification. ____ 9. Finally, we leave you with tips on how to be mindful as you go to vote Tuesday. Our meditation expert says to take a few slow, deep breaths when you reach the booth. Be aware of your body and stand still as you listen to the sounds around you. Let go of all the controversy, vitriol and scandals. And leave wearing your I VOTED sticker as a badge of courage. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s Friday’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
5040,В наступлении на Мосул иракская армия взяла передышку,"0 комментариев 0 поделились Фото: AP 
""Они сделали паузу в наступлении и проводят передислокацию, переукомплектование и зачистку позиций в тылу. Мы считаем, что это займет лишь пару дней, а после этого мы продолжим наступление в направлении Мосула. Это их план действий, и мы полагаем, что они будут его придерживаться"", - заявил Дорриан. 
Массированное наступление на Мосулведется с 17 октября иракскими военными и силами полиции, а также курдскими формированиями при поддержке авиации коалиции во главе с США. 
Напомним, как сообщала Правда.Ру, президент Иракского Курдистана Масуд Барзани заявил, что при сохранении нынешних темпов наступления на Мосул на освобождение от боевиков ИГ (запрещена в РФ) может уйти три месяца. 
""Мы смогли быстро отвоевать приступы к городу, неизвестно, насколько сильно ИГ будет обороняться в самом городе. Но мы видим, что у них есть сотни смертников, должно быть, там целые фабрики по производству взрывчатки. При штурме это создаст большую опасность. Если все и дальше пойдет хорошо, я рассчитываю, что город удастся освободить самое позднее через три месяца"", - сказал Барзани в интервью таблоиду Bild . 
Напомним, 17 октября премьер-министр Ирака Хайдер аль-Абади заявил о начале военной операции по освобождению Мосула от боевиков ИГ. США и их союзники с 2014 года проводят в Ираке и Сирии операцию против ИГ. Иракские военные и силы полиции, а также курдские формирования при поддержке авиации коалиции во главе с США начали массированное наступление на город. 
Однако это наступление может обернуться катастрофой на Ближнем Востоке. Об этом заявил, к примеру, кандидат в президенты США Дональд Трамп. Или вот мнение отставного полковника США Дэниэла Дэвиса, которое он изложил в статье, опубликованной в The National Interest : Америке и силам коалиции стоит поторопиться с проведением операции в Мосуле, в противном случае террористы могут разорвать этот альянс Чем дольше продержится ИГ и чем больший урон нанесет коалиции, тем более вероятно, что религиозные и политические различия между освободительными силами будут проявляться все сильнее"", - пишет Дэвис. 
Прокомментировать ситуацию Pravda.Ru попросила военного эксперта Бориса Подопригору. 
В последние несколько месяцев официального пребывания американского президента в Белом доме, им захотелось организовать такой политический спектакль на тему американской приверженности в борьбе с терроризмом. Я так это вижу. 
Что из этого получится, мне сказать сложно. Самое плохое, что я ожидаю, это новое столкновение по линии сунниты-шииты. Вот в чем самая большая проблема. 
Читайте последние новости Pravda. Ru на сегодня 
Катастрофа в Мосуле: Запад имитирует борьбу с терроризмом Поделиться:",0
5041,NewsThump declared an Enemy of the People,"Friday 4 November 2016 by Davywavy NewsThump declared an Enemy of the People 
Treasonous lickspittle “comedy” website NewsThump has been declared an Enemy of the People today after expressing a general preference for the supremacy of Parliament. 
The site, which was run by a cabal of international financiers, homosexuals and fencers from a light industrial estate just outside Kettering, treacherously suggested that a system of checks and balances within a Democracy was a pretty good idea and were immediately denounced by popular tribunes for their sedition. 
Contributors to the site have been accused of supporting foreign interests, including buying expensive continental lagers in preference to Carling. 
Managing Editor, Simon Williams, has been taken into custody and will be tried and hanged – because it’s important to have a trial even when the outcome isn’t in doubt. 
A new editor has been democratically elected and will only run popular comedy stories, including the hilarious ‘Purge Parliament of Perfidy!’, “Buy British-made jams to further strengthen our economic progress!”, and “Let us thoroughly implement our Party’s policy of putting all the people under arms and turning the whole country into a fortress!”, which Kim Jong-Un has given his generous permission to use. 
Speaking to reporters from loyal publications, a spokesman for The People explained that ‘The so-called law’ was merely ‘advisory’ and should be set aside at times when more important considerations over-ruled it. 
“Yes, yes, Britain has a ‘constitution’ and ‘laws’ and ‘checks and balances’, but these are outdated, petty ideas from a less civilised time; a barbaric holdover from the past,” he explained. 
“From now on we’ll just hold a vote on everything people want. There’s going to be one on Tuesday about everyone getting a pony. 
“And if I’ve not got my free pony by Friday, heads will roll, let me tell you.” ",0
5042,Chinese Companies Are Investing American Manufacturing Plants!,"The global trade winds are blowing in America’s direction again. [Chinese companies are investing in manufacturing plants and expanding operations in the U. S, the Wall Street Journal reports. “  investment from China is booming,” WSJ columnist Andrew Browne notes.  Several factors are driving the trend. One is a closing wage gap, particularly for skilled workers. Another: industrial land in the U. S. can be cheaper than in the coastal cities of China from which manufacturers can easily ship their product. Lower U. S. energy costs are also playing a role, Browne writes. The biggest factor, according to Browne, is advanced manufacturing technology —  which could curb some of the   power of China’s investments in the U. S. Browne calls Trump’s promise to bring about a manufacturing jobs renaissance “pure fantasy. ” Don’t be so sure. Taken alone, the factors that Browne notices might not be enough to massively revive jobs making and building things in America. But they won’t be “taken alone. ” The Trump administrations budget, for example, calls for large cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency —  specifically telling the agency to quit funding the implementation of a massive expansion of the administrative state that would have raised energy costs for American consumers and businesses. At the same time, taxes on imports could push the move from “Made in China” to “Made in the U. S. A. ” along even further, as the Wall Street Journal itself noted in an earlier article. “A hefty U. S. import tax on goods produced in China could accelerate a trend already underway: Chinese companies setting up factories and expanding in the U. S.,” WSJ’s Nina Trenmann wrote in February. Far from creating the conditions for a trade war, it appears that President Donald Trump’s tough talk on trade is bringing around an end to the quiet trade war waged against American workers for the last two decades. Peace —  and jobs —  in our time is a real possibility.",0
5043,"With Brazil in Turmoil, Rio Counts Down to Olympics - The New York Times","RIO DE JANEIRO  —   Brazil’s president is facing impeachment. The country’s economy is in sharp decline. Bodies of water that will be used for Olympic competitions are polluted, and global public health officials are trying to tamp down the Zika virus epidemic. With less than 100 days before the Olympic Games come to South America for the first time, Rio de Janeiro faces more than the usual challenges that bedevil host cities, like delayed stadium construction and transportation concerns. (Rio has those, too.) The mood here, however, is hardly one of panic. Officials in charge of executing the Summer Games say they feel insulated from Brazil’s turmoil at this late stage. The Olympics, after all, tend to exist in their own bubble, elaborately coordinated to ensure that the   operation goes off smoothly. “The machine is in place, and it’s relatively stable,” Ricardo Leyser, Brazil’s sports minister, said in an interview this week. “My biggest concern isn’t any individual issue. It’s the small demands that all come at once. ” Local organizers are beginning to lay colorful comforters  —   patterned with the silhouettes of cartoon cyclists, fencers and swimmers  —   on the twin beds in the athletes’ village. They are monitoring the growth of    grass that will be transplanted to Maracanã, the storied soccer stadium that will also be used for the opening and closing ceremonies. They are pulling trash from Guanabara Bay, where the Games’ sailing events will be held mopping up standing water to minimize mosquito breeding and ramping up a    security operation  —   all while publicly expressing little worry about the unrest encircling them. On Wednesday, with the handoff of the Olympic flame in Greece and the start of a journey that in little more than a week will bring it to Brazil, the official countdown to the Aug. 5 opening ceremony began. In Rio, the race to be ready is intensifying, with construction workers here still laboring on mass transit projects that were key promises seven years ago in the city’s bid to host the Games. Costing several billion dollars, those projects include a new subway line and express bus lanes that connect the Olympic Park in Barra da Tijuca to the rest of the city, which is expected to swell with more than half a million visitors. As the value of the Brazilian real has drastically declined over the last year, some have expressed doubt that the transit projects will materialize beyond the sleek, modernist weather shelters that have been built at various stations. At a news conference Wednesday, the city’s secretary of transportation said the new routes would be ready in time but did not specify when. To the vast majority of people watching the Games on television, however, such infrastructure may not matter. The permanent venues for competitions here are mostly complete  —   all but those for tennis and track cycling  —   and athletes from around the world have competed in dozens of test events in Rio in recent months. “It’s about the filling of the cake,” Mr. Leyser said. “It’s not about the stadiums it’s about the scoreboards. ” As of the latest counts, 62 percent of the 5. 7 million tickets on the market had been sold  —   roughly half of the total tickets for the Olympics  —   and 24 percent of tickets available for the Paralympics had been sold. But compared with past Olympics, the buyers of those tickets may be disproportionately international, said Andrew Parsons, the president of the Brazilian Paralympic Committee. For some Brazilians, the country’s political and economic crises have cast a shadow on the celebration. President Dilma Rousseff’s ouster looks increasingly likely amid a sweeping graft scandal, and those in line to succeed her have their own controversies hanging over them. Questions of corruption have extended to Olympics planning, particularly after a businessman who worked on many Olympic projects in Rio was convicted of corruption and money laundering related to separate contracts. Mr. Leyser said that the questions centered on irregularities at the Deodoro event site and that no public official had been accused of wrongdoing. “It’s more an administrative issue than a corruption scheme,” he said. “It’s basically a question of the numbers. ” Mr. Leyser called the devaluation of Brazil’s currency an opportunity because it increases the buying power of foreign money coming into Brazil for the Games. But not everyone sees the event as a boon to the country. Shirlei Alves, who lives in the Santa Marta favela of Rio, criticized the government for spending on the Olympics in the face of Brazil’s problems. “The world is just getting worse here,” Ms. Alves said, noting that she was without medication and electricity. “The government is making a mistake. I’d like if they’d take a better look at the poor people and not help people who are already rich. ” Eduardo Paes, the mayor of Rio, said Wednesday that the city had a “comfortable financial situation” and had spent on stadium construction 1 percent of what it spent on health education. “I know people are skeptical,” Mr. Paes said, citing the “huge deliverables” for the Olympics. “Of course the situation here has been difficult. But there is a commitment of the Brazilian state to deliver the Olympics. ” Perhaps the most vexing issue for local organizers  —   the one that may stir anxiety among athletes and spectators  —   is the   Zika virus, which has been linked to birth defects and temporary paralysis. Zika is of greater concern outside Rio, in the far north part of Brazil, but the World Health Organization has declared the virus a global public health emergency and has advised pregnant women not to travel anywhere in Brazil. “The Olympics is a pretty effective way of taking whatever disease is local and making it global,” said Ashish K. Jha, director of the Global Health Institute at Harvard. Some scientists have suggested that by the time the Olympics start in August  —   wintertime in Brazil, when mosquitoes are less numerous  —   the virus might be more prevalent in the southern United States. “Zika’s been spreading effectively on its own, but there’s very good reason to think the Olympics will accelerate the spread,” Dr. Jha said. But the virus poses a unique problem because it is so far beyond the control of local organizing officials, and so many questions about it remain unanswered. Few athletes have publicly expressed concern, but it is unclear how many might withdraw as the Games draw closer. “At this point you just keep going,” David Wallechinsky, an Olympics historian, said. “You have to continue as if everything’s going to be fine. These are real concerns  —   Zika, the water quality. But even if Dilma is forced out of office, it’s not going to stop the Olympics. ”",0
5044,Obama has now commuted more felons’ sentences than previous 11 presidents combined,"Print 
Using his well-honed Barack-knows-best attitude, the president has overruled yet more federal judges, prosecutors and juries, commuting the prison sentences of 98 additional drug dealers. 
This brings to 872 the number of commutations the Democrat has granted, 688 of them this year alone, a record. More than 200 of these individuals were originally sent away for life by the nation’s legal system. Many of their crimes involved firearms. 
The growing early-release figure for Obama, who has admitted his own past drug use, is already larger than the last 11 presidents combined , according to a boastful White House lawyer. And with 84 days remaining on his Oval Office lease, the Chicagoan claims he is far from done. 
Two years ago he vowed to release 10,000 felons before leaving office.",0
5045,Snapchat Finds Itself on the Wrong Side of a Racial Lens. Again. - The New York Times,"With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd. You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting. The lenses are blunt,   tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day. Any missteps quickly enter the public record. Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty. So when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people  —   “yellowface. ” And they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity. The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature. The company offered an explanation: The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people. But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action. Others roundly rejected the anime comparison. In an email, Grace Sparapani, a   art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was “hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. ” She added that “it’s hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter’s effects. It shows that the filter isn’t just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme. ” Snapchat is not the only company to cross these cultural tripwires. American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands. And Snapchat’s huge audience of younger people  —   who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts  —   might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity. When one of Snapchat’s lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, Katie Zhu, 25, said in an interview on Thursday, “it’s much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. ” On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same. In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the   controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat. Ms. Zhu criticized the company’s mostly white,   leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag: #DeleteSnapchat. “It’s either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they’re able to make decisions like this,” Ms. Zhu, who is   said, “or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they’re not in positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. ” Other observers share her view,  a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered. The company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company. On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally. For her part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, “I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. ”",0
5046,"Bill Maher Invites Milo Yiannopoulos, and Another Guest Cancels - The New York Times","The addition of the incendiary   writer Milo Yiannopoulos to Friday’s lineup for the HBO   series “Real Time With Bill Maher” quickly proved controversial on Wednesday evening when another guest, the journalist Jeremy Scahill, said he would not appear on the show because of Mr. Yiannopoulos’s booking. Mr. Scahill, a   and editor of the news site The Intercept,  announced his decision on Twitter only hours after Mr. Yiannopoulos’s scheduled appearance was made public. Mr. Scahill said that allowing Mr. Yiannopoulos to appear on “Real Time” was “many bridges too far. ” “He has ample venues to spew his hateful diatribes,” Mr. Scahill said in a statement. “There is no value in ‘debating’ him. Appearing on ‘Real Time’ will provide Yiannopoulos with a large, important platform to openly advocate his racist,   campaign. It will be exploited by Yiannopoulos in an attempt to legitimize his hateful agenda. ” But Mr. Maher defended his decision. “My comments on Islam have never veered into vitriol,” he said. “Liberals will continue to lose elections as long as they follow the example of people like Mr. Scahill whose views veer into fantasy and away from bedrock liberal principles like equality of women, respect for minorities, separation of religion and state, and free speech. If Mr. Yiannopoulos is indeed the monster Scahill claims  —   and he might be  —   nothing could serve the liberal cause better than having him exposed on Friday night. ” Mr. Yiannopoulos, an editor at Breitbart News, often engages in provocative displays to highlight what he considers the intolerance of the political left. At an appearance in December at the University of   he mocked a transgender student while displaying her photograph during his talk. This month, a planned appearance by Mr. Yiannopoulos at the University of California, Berkeley, was canceled when protests against the speech turned violent and led to rioting that caused around $100, 000 in damages. He had been invited to speak by the school’s College Republicans group. In a Facebook video posted after the speech’s cancellation, Mr. Yiannopoulos said that the “hard left” was to blame, having “become so utterly antithetical to free speech in the last few years. ” “They simply will not allow any speaker on campus, even somebody as silly and harmless and gay as me, to have their voice heard,” he added. Other schools have withdrawn invitations to him in recent weeks. In January, a man was shot during protests outside a speech Mr. Yiannopoulos was giving at the University of Washington in Seattle. Last summer, Mr. Yiannopoulos was barred from Twitter after helping rally other users to direct racist and sexist remarks at Leslie Jones, a star of “Ghostbusters” and “Saturday Night Live. ” Mr. Maher, a comedian who is liberal on many issues  —   he donated $1 million to a “super PAC” supporting President Barack Obama’s   in 2012  —   features guests from across the political spectrum on “Real Time. ” His show on Friday was set to include the comedian Larry Wilmore, the actress Leah Remini and former Representative Jack Kingston, Republican of Georgia.",0
5047,France’s Far-Right National Front Seeks Funding From United Arab Emirates,"Videos France’s Far-Right National Front Seeks Funding From United Arab Emirates With French banks reluctant to lend to the National Front, the party says it could resort to foreign funding from as far away as the UAE. | October 29, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! An electoral board showing France’s far-right National Front president Marine Le Pen and reading: 100% National Front. 0% migrants is pictured during a demonstration in Forges-les-Bains, south of Paris, France, Saturday, Oct. 8, 2016. 
France’s National Front is known to have diverse funding streams, but an investigation published this week unveiled a new potential funder: the United Arab Emirates. 
It is certainly an odd source of funding for a party whose leader, Marine Le Pen, has been taken to court for anti-Muslim hate speech. 
Le Pen’s Russian networks are already well known: in 2014, the National Front received a loan of €11mn ($12mn) from the First Czech Russian Bank. 
This fact was admitted by the party’s treasurer, Wallerand de Saint-Just, who said: “The party makes requests to foreign banks, why not Russian banks?” 
The latest controversy was sparked by a book by famed French investigative journalists Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot. In 2004, the journalistic duo were even held hostage at one point by Islamic militants in Iraq. 
Titled Nos très chers émirs (Our dear emirs), their latest book exposes the murky relationship between a number of French politicians and the countries of the Arabian Gulf. 
In the wake of the controversy caused by the book’s publication, the news website Mediapart has raised the question of possible funding of Marine Le Pen’s presidential campaign by the UAE. 
A source familiar with the far-right French party told Middle East Eye: “It is true that in 2014 Marine Le Pen met an Emirati emissary in her residence in Montrebout, in the Hauts-de-Seine region, who offered to help her. 
“That being said, the FN [National Front] has always been clear on this point: it has two enemies, Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which it regards as sponsors of wahhabism, but in her eyes the Emiratis are an ally in the fight against radicalisation.” 
Wahhabism is an ultra-orthodox strand of Sunni Islam practised in Saudi Arabia and the Gulf, and it has become an increasingly popular theme to explain the chaos gripping the Middle East. 
“France must break its relations with Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which helped, assisted, and funded Islamic fundamentalists worldwide,” Le Pen said in September 2014 on France 24. 
“We must rely on those Muslim countries which fight fundamentalism,” she added, naming the UAE and Egypt as examples of such countries and calling for “a wide coalition” against Islamic extremism. 
In 2014, pro-Le Pen French MEP Jean-Luc Schaffhauser told Mediapart that he had negotiated a loan at a rate of 2.8 percent with the National Bank of Abu Dhabi, but that it in the event it did not materialize. 
The following year in May, Le Pen travelled to Cairo to meet with the Grand Imam of al-Azhar Mosque – a trip allegedly funded by the UAE, according to Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot. 
The allegation was denied earlier this week by National Front MEP and Secretary General Nicolas Bay, who told France 2 television: “That is incorrect.” 
“For now, about 50 percent of the campaign should be funded by Cotelec, the FN’s funding organisation that is chaired by Jean-Marie Le Pen,” the source close to the party told MEE. 
These loans granted to the party by its members will be refunded once the state has itself reimbursed the campaign. This rule applies to all parties that win more than 5 percent of the vote in the first round of the elections. 
“The needs for the first round are estimated at around €12mn, and €21mn for the second round. For the first round, they still lack €6-7 million, but they are aware of the fact that appealing to the Gulf countries harm them in terms of image,” the source added. 
“So at first, the goal is to look for loans in European countries. If this is not enough, they will turn to the Russians, and thirdly, to the UAE. We can say that this is an option, but a third choice option.” 
The National Front has indicated that around 40 banks have refused to lend it money. Yet polls assure that Le Pen will win more than the 5 percent of votes needed to be reimbursed by the state. 
“If we have to borrow abroad, we will borrow abroad,” Wallerand de Saint-Just, the party’s treasurer, told France 3. “There are no exceptions to this, either in Russia, Argentina, or in the United States… and why not in the Middle East?”",0
5049,Russian pianist Denis Matsuev terrorized in US for supporting Putin,"Russian pianist Denis Matsuev terrorized in US for supporting Putin   AP photo The US tour of outstanding Russian pianist Denis Matsuev was marred with attacks from rabid members of anti-Russian Signerbusters group.The group organized a picket at Carnegie Hall prior to the concert of Denis Matsuev and accused the musician of supporting ""Putin's criminal regime."" Later, Arts Against Aggression group in Boston organized a Halloween-style installation called ""Putin & Matsuev House of Horror s"" near the building of a local concert hall. According to the organizers of the above-mentioned acts, US citizens should ask themselves whether it is appropriate to continue cooperation with the Russian artists, who support the policies of President Vladimir Putin.Denis Matsuev runs many charitable programs, conducts youth music competitions and festivals for youth and children, such as ""Stars on Baikal"" and ""Crescendo.""In December 2011, Matsuev became an honorary professor at the Moscow State University. He headed the Interregional Charitable Foundation ""New Names,"" the purpose of which is to provide education to talented children.Denis Matsuev is also the art director of the Foundation named after Sergei Rachmaninoff. Matsuev appealed to Russian President Vladimir Putin with a request to buy back Rachmaninoff's Swiss estate ""Senart"" to establish the International Cultural Centre at the property. In February 2006, the pianist became a member of the Council for Culture and Arts under the Russian President.Noteworthy, it is not the first time, when Russian musicians face such obstruction due to the political situation in the world. After the concert of the Orchestra of the Mariinsky Theatre in Palmyra, some pundits found the performance ""rather weak"". Thus, British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond called the concert in Palmyra a tasteless and cynical idea.In general, however, the majority of Western officials supported the cultural campaign of the prominent and world-famous Moscow orchestra. United States Department of State Mark Toner said, in particular, that he would never condemn such a wonderful act.  ",0
5050,Sean Spicer: Trump to Impose Up to Five Executive Orders on Day One - Breitbart,"  Donald Trump is set to impose a range of executive orders immediately after his inauguration on Friday, according to his transition team. [“He’s got a few of them, probably in the area of four or five, that we’re looking at for Friday,” said incoming press secretary Sean Spicer at the Trump transition headquarters.  “Then there are some other ones that I expect him to sign with respect to a couple of issues that have been high on his priority list,” he continued. Trump has promised to reverse a range of orders previously imposed by Barack Obama. The most likely executive order to be repealed on Friday is the Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans (DAPA) which grant amnesty to thousands of illegal immigrants. Other orders that will inevitably be repealed on Friday or in the near future include the Clean Power Plan,  as well as orders pertaining to gun control and religious liberty. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
5051,Evangelicals Across The Spectrum Are Clarifying Marriage As A Core Belief,"November 2, 2016 Evangelicals Across The Spectrum Are Clarifying Marriage As A Core Belief Marriage, as Jesus defines it in Matthew 19—where a man leaves his father and mother and joins with his wife in covenant marriage—is a core evangelical belief. It might not seem that way these days, when we hear of a few people making news by changing their views on sexuality and marriage, but we are in a season of one evangelical organization after another feeling the need to make clear their position on marriage. That’s the bigger story than the celebrity of the moment. Evangelical organizations across the spectrum are making clear where they stand on marriage. For some, particularly conservative Evangelicals, this view was already evident, but perhaps this is most difficult in the progressive wing of Evangelicals. Organizations like Fuller Seminary, InterVarsity, the Vineyard, and World Vision are all known for their progressive views on gender, race, and social justice.",0
5052,"zentak – World War 3 is coming Russia,USA,China – 2015 – 2016 – New – zentak",source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
5053,Trump Entering White House Unbent and Unpopular - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   In one way at least,   Donald J. Trump has already surpassed all of his recent predecessors. It took Barack Obama 18 months in the White House for his approval rating to slip to 44 percent in Gallup polling, and it took George W. Bush 4½ years to fall that far. Mr. Trump got there before even being sworn in. Indeed, Mr. Trump will take office on Friday with less popular support than any new president in modern times, according to an array of surveys, a sign that he has failed to rally Americans behind him, beyond the base that helped him win in November. Rather than a unifying moment, his transition to power has seen a continuation of the polarization of the election last year. Where other presidents used the weeks before their inauguration to put the animosities of the campaign behind them and to try to knit the country together again, Mr. Trump has approached the interregnum as if he were a television wrestling star. He has taken on a civil rights icon, a Hollywood actress, intelligence agencies, defense contractors, European leaders and President Obama. The healing theme common at this stage in the   presidential cycle is absent. “He seems to want to engage with every windmill that he can find, rather than focus on the large aspect of assuming the most important position on earth,” Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, said on CNN on Tuesday. “And obviously, apparently, according to the polls, many Americans are not happy with that approach when he has not even assumed the presidency. ” Two polls out on Tuesday  —   one by CNN and ORC and another by The Washington Post and ABC News  —   found that just 40 percent of Americans approved of Mr. Trump’s performance heading into the inauguration on Friday. NBC News and The Wall Street Journal put his approval rating at 44 percent, calling it the lowest rating ever for an incoming president. By comparison, shortly after their inaugurations, Mr. Obama was at 68 percent and Mr. Bush was at 57 percent in Gallup surveys. Both used the time after their initial victories to preach a message of inclusion and to extend a hand to their opposition, even if it did not ultimately last. Mr. Trump’s advisers said privately that his unexpected rise to power showed that such traditional barometers did not matter as much anymore. If polls were to be believed, he would not have been president, they said. Still, the anemic numbers clearly irritated Mr. Trump, who lashed out on Tuesday. “The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls,” he wrote on Twitter. “They are rigged just like before. ” Although polling in several Midwest battleground states failed to accurately reflect the actual results on Election Day, national polls generally came within a percentage point of the actual popular vote, which Hillary Clinton won with 48 percent to Mr. Trump’s 46 percent. For Mr. Trump, the worry about approval ratings would be less about what it might mean for the next election, still years away, but about how such numbers are interpreted by members of Congress, who historically have been more deferential to popular presidents than unpopular ones. “Every president starts off with a   account with Congress that eventually draws down,” said Phil Schiliro, who was Mr. Obama’s White House legislative director in his first term. “As approval ratings drop, the account sinks very quickly. And that makes it much harder to bring Congress along on the president’s priorities. ” Steve Israel, a Democrat who represented New York in the House, said the biggest challenge for Mr. Trump might be with nervous members of his own party. “Right now, Trump’s numbers are kryptonite for 21 House Republicans in districts that he lost,” he said. “So not only does he begin with low poll numbers, he begins with a significant potential bloc of resistance in his own caucus. ” But Mr. Trump has shown that he intends to lead more through force of personality than through the breadth of his coalition. Brash and uninhibited, he seeks out enemies and allows few slights to go unanswered. He has repaired bridges with some critics, like Mitt Romney, but has made only sporadic efforts to reach out to parts of the public that have not supported him. His strongest supporters cheer his pugnacious style, and he argues that it has gotten results, like when House Republicans backed off plans to undercut the authority of the Office of Congressional Ethics, or major employers reversed plans to move jobs overseas after he wrote on Twitter about his disapproval. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U. S. (even before taking office) with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff,’ ” Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter on Tuesday. For many years, presidents and their advisers quaked at polls that showed a drop in their ratings, fearful that it would hurt their ability to command the stage and to enact their agendas. The last two presidents governed for long stretches with less than majority support, which clearly limited their capacity to advance major legislation. But they both also demonstrated that they could still make at least some progress. Mr. Bush never had the support of more than 50 percent of Americans for nearly his entire second term and fell into the 20s before leaving office. Still, he ignored poll numbers and the opposition of Democrats to send reinforcements to Iraq to turn around a losing war. Mr. Obama never fell as far, but he went for many months below 50 percent and turned to his executive authority to enact policies on immigration and the environment. He rebounded in public standing in the last few months and will leave office at 56 percent in the   poll, near his highest marks. Some Republicans now say Mr. Trump has rewritten the rule book. “Polling more and more is a false god,” said Ron Kaufman, the White House political director under President George Bush and a longtime Republican strategist. “We all play to it, but it’s a false god. I just think it’s no longer reliable as a judge. ” Mary Matalin, who was a top counselor to Vice President Dick Cheney, who ignored his own low approval ratings while in office to focus on advancing his national security agenda, said Mr. Trump “has ushered in a new political paradigm” that has upended   assumptions. “Trump has exposed the inadequacy and fallibility of   domestic political strategy of governing by polls and contrived expectations,” she said. “In the new Trump world, it has already been proven prima facie absurd to presume personal approval numbers to be more   than policy approval. ”",0
5054,I'm Not Down With the Safety Pin Backlash,"*Especially from a white dude who makes some good points but buries them in a whole lotta condescension and sarcasm. Image by plaisanter~, via Flikr. Used under creative commons. Safety pin. I’m wearing one. My daughter wants to wear one to school. She understands the responsibility it entails. She knows that the safety pin means “I am a safe person.” She knows that if anyone at her school is being harassed, she will go stand next to that kid. She knows who in her grade might be a target. I hear the critique. I saw the article because two WOCs posted it. I know they resonated with it because of long experience with lip service and/or betrayal by white feminists. I hear that. Nevertheless, I cannot support slamming the safety pin idea, and here’s why: 1) If a big white Trump dude is bearing down on me screaming “GO BACK TO YOUR COUNTRY”, I am not going to check the progressive bona fides of a person near me wearing a safety pin. I will only be grateful to know there’s another person nearby who won’t assault me and is demonstrating a willingness to help defend me. 2) I’ve heard from plenty of POCs and Muslims as well as some LGBTQIAs that they feel surrounded by enemies. The safety pin helps them feel that they are not isolated and alone. 3) We can’t all go around all the time wearing a sandwich board that reads “Black and Latinx and Asian and First Nations and People with Disabilities and Muslim and Sikh Lives Matter.” A safety pin is cheap, ubiquitous, and easy to wear with any outfit. 4) For some white people, putting on a safety pin may be the first step toward allyship that they have ever taken. By putting it on, they make themselves a target for Trump supporters IRL and online to call them whiny liberal losers. Then liberals/progressives/leftists turn around and tell them they are embarrassing themselves by wearing a safety pin? Yeah, that’s how we lose. 5) When I put on a safety pin, I am recommitting every day to stand up to oppression, whether in the form of harassment or in the form of legislation enacted by a Trump administration. I hope the pin helps others to think, every single day, about how they can resist our nation’s slide into a morass of hatred and prejudice and assist others with less privilege to attain equal rights. In fact, I will say this as a woman of color, as a member of the LGBTQIA community: if you are wearing a safety pin, this is what I expect of you. 6) Some people have said that white supremacists have co-opted the safety pin, but I haven’t seen documentation of this so far. Given the level of Trumpist ridicule heaped on the safety pin movement, I’m guessing that many if not most Trump supporters will proudly NOT wear a safety pin. If you are also wearing a safety pin, for you I am posting a comic that explains how to support and protect someone targeted for Islamophobic harassment. This guide is broadly applicable to other -isms and -phobias. Wearing a safety pin is only one step. We are facing an unprecedented threat, and this will be a long struggle. It will require listening and following the leads of the communities who are most threatened. I hope everyone wearing a pin will continue to stand with those communities over the next four years and beyond. LINKS to resources for wearing a safety pin:",0
5055,"Wyeth, a Temple of Midcentury Modern Design, Seeks New Wallets - The New York Times","When the actress Kate Hudson needed a sofa, she headed to Wyeth in SoHo for a vintage blue Dunbar by Edward Wormley. When the designer Tomas Maier needed a coffee table, he went there, too, and plunked down his credit card for a safety glass and   coffee table from Joe D’Urso. And when the Hollywood agent Bryan Lourd was in search of a new lounge chair, he picked out a black leather Papa Bear by Hans Wegner, also from Wyeth. With its   prices and enormous selection of Danish modernist pieces, the store is arguably the premiere   emporium in the United States. Its owner, John Birch, is also one of the most elusive, and talked about, dealers on the   furniture scene: a Larry Gagosian for the   set, with strong taste that did not just mirror the market but helped set it. Mr. Birch  —   a trim,      with   eyes and salt and pepper spackled hair  —   hobnobs with the Olsen twins (who featured an assortment of his furniture at the most recent presentation of their line, the Row) introduced Helmut Lang to his assortment of Wegner furniture and has recently been giving Jimmy Fallon advice on his Gramercy Park home. Sleek bamboo dining tables designed by Mr. Birch have become status objects owned by the likes of Gwyneth Paltrow and the entertainment manager turned real estate mogul Sandy Gallin. Mr. Birch’s girlfriend, Tiffany Vassilakis, is an accomplished interior designer who has worked with Carey Lowell and Richard Gere. Next Tuesday, Mr. Birch is expanding his footprint with a Sotheby’s auction of rare midcentury finds that could fetch upward of $1. 8 million. Later this month, he’s opening a    showroom on the ground floor of 533 Canal Street that’s a triumph of Wyethesque minimalism: exposed white brick walls, perfectly sanded cement floors, light fixtures from O. C. White and Isamu Noguchi, and a floating raw steel staircase  —   its 23 steps fabricated by hand and welded on site by Mr. Birch. Yet as movers came in and out on a recent afternoon, and a team from Sotheby’s prepared to photograph pieces for the catalog, Mr. Birch looked less like a furniture mogul than a boy whose toys were being taken away from him. He didn’t like having to move a prized George Nakashima coffee table (estimate: $20, 000 to $30, 000) out of the shot. And he didn’t like that a mosaic coffee table by Vladimir Kagan ($8, 000 to $12, 000) and Cippolino marble coffee table by Poul Kjaerholm ($7, 000 to $9, 000) had nothing on them. “I don’t understand the empty tables,” he said, peering around the room. “Nothing’s ever empty at Wyeth. ” A bulb in one of Noguchi ceiling lanterns had gone out and was becoming a source of real irritation. “I’m glad I have employees who realize the bulb has been blown out for two weeks,” he said sarcastically, climbing on top of a Hans Wegner desk so he could replace it himself. As can be surmised, Mr. Birch is a    sort of guy. He’s not mean, although he says so little and charges so much for things that people often presume he must be. But he is painstaking, meticulous and so focused on achieving a kind of aesthetic perfection that he can drive himself (and everyone around him) crazy. And in recent months, it’s not just neurosis keeping him up at night. The wealthy Brazilians who used to stream through his doors are largely gone, as their economy implodes and their president, Dilma Rousseff, awaits an impeachment trial. Gone, too, are the Brunello   hedge funders, who, as the art market shows evidence of a possible correction, are clearly less inclined to pay $50, 000 for a pair of Finn Juhl’s chieftain chairs. And then there’s 1stdibs. Once exclusive, the online site featuring modern and antique furniture, jewelry, fine art and other collectibles, has been ferociously signing up dealers who, as he puts it, “work out of storage lockers” in places like suburban Illinois with low rents, and don’t bother with the painstaking restoration for which Wyeth is known. The site is also increasingly aggressive about collecting commissions on the online sales, a practice Mr. Birch sees as  . Many of his Manhattan colleagues are already downsizing or folding up shop. Todd Merrill packed up his mirrored Paul Evans pieces and left Bleecker Street this winter for a location in the slightly more affordable financial district. In the fall, Alan Moss, the Art Deco purveyor, will close his Lafayette Street store and go online only. “It’s a last stand,” Mr. Birch said, reflecting on the current state of the   furniture market. “Retail is a terrible business. ” In fact, he sees his new showroom as a way of weaning himself away from 1stdibs. “I don’t want anything to do with them anymore,” he said. But how did it come to this, that one of the country’s leading purveyors of midcentury modern design should find himself in retrenchment, just as the market finds a wider audience thanks to sites like 1stdibs, not to mention knockoff manufacturers that hawk cheap imitations? John Birch (no relation to the Baptist minister who has a   group named after him) was born in Brigham City, Utah, the oldest boy in a Mormon family of nine children. “With only one mother!” joked his younger brother Paul, who as Wyeth’s principal woodworker builds many of the original pieces and oversees restoration of vintage finds. In the early 1980s, after attending Brigham Young University for a semester (“maybe half,” he said) Mr. Birch arrived in New York City, fell into the fashion business, and spent a decade bouncing around the display departments of Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger and Giorgio Armani. “He had an incredible eye and very defined taste,” said Gabriella Forte, who was his boss at Armani before becoming president at Calvin Klein and then chief executive of David Yurman. “He positions things with real talent. It’s pure simplicity. Is it minimalism? I don’t know if that’s how I’d describe it. It was just perfection. ” By 1994, Mr. Birch had had enough. So he leased a    space on Franklin Street in TriBeCa, named it for his then    son, Wyeth, and filled it with his favorite things. (Wyeth graduated from the Rhode Island School of Design last year and now works for the family business. Mr. Birch and Wyeth’s mother, Daphne, separated over a decade ago, though they never divorced. “It’s cordial,” Mr. Birch said.) Back then, TriBeCa was still in its infancy. Nobu had just opened and the majority of big antiques dealers had fairly narrow specialties like Biedermeier and Art Deco, which befit an earlier, fussier era. The novelty of Wyeth, said Robin Standefer, half of the design team Roman and Williams, was how Mr. Birch mixed things up, placing postwar Danish chairs with     gas light fixtures and   coffee tables from the ’80s. “He would take objects that were somehow considered less valuable, that didn’t necessarily have pedigree, and reassemble them in unexpected ways,” Ms. Standefer said. “He certainly educated American consumers to a kind of Danish design. But what I found most interesting is what he paired those things with. That’s what was different. That’s what was unusual. ” Soon, word spread about the   Mormon who talked little to his customers and charged a fortune for the coolest stuff in town. Ms. Standefer brought Ms. Paltrow, who bought pieces like $3, 000 lamps and the company’s $16, 000 bamboo dining table. When Ms. Paltrow started dating Ben Affleck, he also began shopping at the store. So did André Balazs, Richard Gere, Julianne Moore, Ben Stiller, Meg Ryan and David Bowie. Around that time, a woman with long blond hair began coming in regularly without ever saying hello or goodbye. “After five visits, she handed over her credit card,” Mr. Birch said. “It was Annie Leibovitz. ” Many of his famous customers did not even get discounts or a friendly smile. “He was not a pleasure to buy from,” Diane von Furstenberg said. “He really wasn’t. ” But instead of walking away, she (like many others) became a repeat customer, part of an elite circle that kept coming back even as they complained about the store’s outrageous prices and the way its owner barely seemed to grunt in their direction. As with most myths, the legend may not have been totally in sync with reality. Mr. Birch, it turns out, is actually shy, the sort of person who is more comfortable with beautiful things than beautiful people. And those that did try negotiating often got a bargain, particularly when he sensed a fellow design worshiper. Still, his untraditional approach to salesmanship had a reverse playback among a subset of people used to being doted upon: His lack of solicitousness made customers desperate to buy from him. “Part of his mystique was that he was elusive,” said Wendy Goodman, the design editor of New York Magazine. “When you went in and had an audience with him, it was a big thing. Because it was a question: ‘Were you worth it? ’” That’s more or less how Jessica Seinfeld, another person who came to Wyeth over the years, described the experience of shopping there. “Their taste is impeccable,” she said. “Every piece in their shop is ‘important’ in one way or another, so I respect their consistency, even their condescension. I find myself charmed by their lack of interest in human contact. ” Wyeth did go through rough patches, which often coincided with its expansion. It moved out of Franklin Street and into its current    home on Spring Street around the September 2001 attacks. And it opened a space in Sagaponack, N. Y. in 2008, just after the financial crisis hit. Casual customers presumed that Mr. Birch cared only about selling things at the highest price, but as Wyeth’s trove grew and grew, a different theory emerged among those who knew him best. Mr. Birch, they said, could not bear to be separated from his favorite things, so he began pricing them as high as possible so they wouldn’t sell. “He’s putting together a continuum of a design aesthetic, and to do that, he needs to own these things, touch them and feel them,” said Richard Barrett, his friend and landlord at 533 Canal. “Some might say he’s a hoarder. ” Mr. Birch didn’t exactly deny the thesis. “It’s true that I was never focused on money,” he said. “I don’t even get sales reports. I don’t ask for them. ” His idiosyncratic approach to business also extended to the new Canal Street store. When Mr. Birch first agreed to rent that space around 2008, he thought it would become a third Wyeth outpost, focused largely on his new productions. Then, renovations took years, as Mr. Birch slaved over every detail, while the market for midcentury modern furniture became more transparent and democratic, thanks both to 1stdibs and to Restoration Hardware, which recently introduced a modern collection of   tables called the Wythe collection. “It was hilarious,” Mr. Barrett said. “Even the typeface looked like Wyeth. ” (Restoration Hardware did not respond to a request for comment.) “When you educate people too well, which in a sense is what he did, they discover ways to sleuth the same objects,” said Ms. Standefer of Roman and Williams. That   market led Mr. Birch to call Sotheby’s this winter, and people there were happy to help Mr. Birch divest of what they viewed to be one of the best modern design collections in the world. “It’s one of the few sales I’ve conducted in my career where I wanted to buy half the things in it,” said Jodi Pollack, the auction house’s head of 20th century design. Perhaps predictably, Mr. Birch worked all the way to the wire, fussing over every imaginable detail the last furniture shipments arrived at the Canal Street showroom mere minutes before a party there on May 17 celebrating its opening and the coming Sotheby’s sale.   aficionados and fellow dealers began arriving around 7 p. m. streaming into a room of Kjaerholm tables, Finn Juhl chairs and new biomorphic,   mirrors by Mr. Birch. Longtime customers remarked on the high auction prices (including two Wegner easy chairs expected to fetch $60, 000 to $80, 000 each) while tattooed staffers told stories about the poor Sotheby’s photographer tasked with getting Mr. Birch’s portrait (he wouldn’t sit still, kept rearranging the furniture and smoked the entire time). True to form, Mr. Birch was hard to find. Wearing a pair of RRL jeans, a charcoal Comme des Garçons sweater and a dark Jil Sander blazer, he huddled in the back with the Olsen twins. They made a fitting trio, this reclusive   character and two women whose public personas have been built largely upon doing lots and saying little. But it was impossible to know what they were talking about because   Olsen quickly shut a reporter down. “Sorry,” she said. “We’re not giving any interviews. ” Nearby was Mr. Birch’s son Wyeth. “In my family, we don’t often express our appreciation for each other,” Wyeth said. “I don’t know how to put it because right now, I’m exhausted. But this is the first time in my adult life we’ve celebrated Wyeth. It’s tough love with my dad. ”",0
5056,Mysterious Sands of Russia (RT Documentary),"41   Russia and Japan haven’t been able to settle the issue of the Kuril Islands and sign a peace treaty since the end of World War II, resulting in a territorial dispute that’s been around for seven decades. But warm ties between the countries’ current leaders could lead to a breakthrough. Many are expecting progress to be made when Russian President Putin is in Japan for a state visit in December. Can the issue of the disputed islands be settled for good? And will Japan’s special relationship with America stand in the way of closer cooperation with Russia? Former Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama is on SophieCo to discuss. Follow @SophieCo_RT  ",0
5057,Nestle seeks more groundwater to expand Michigan plant,"Nestle seeks more groundwater to expand Michigan plant They're putting profits over people - and the environment - yet again By Julie Fidler - November 9, 2016 
The state of Michigan has given a preliminary go-ahead for food and beverage maker Nestle to nearly triple the amount of groundwater it will pump from beneath the state, to be bottled and sold at its Ice Mountain plant, approximately 120 miles from Flint. 
Nestle Waters North America asked the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) to allow the company to increase pumping from 150 to 400 gallons-per-minute at 1 of its production wells north of Evart. 
The company already increased the well’s pumping rate last year and earlier this year, but needs the DEQ’s approval to max out the withdrawal capacity under the Section 17 of the Michigan Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA). 
The DEQ already issued a draft proposal for the request in January, and ended a public comment period on the subject on November 3. Carrie Monosmith, environmental health chief in the drinking water office, said the DEQ hadn’t received any comments. 
Many Michigan residents feel Nestle has a lot of nerve asking for the increase, in light of Flint’s years-long nightmare over lead contamination in their drinking water. Many people in Flint still rely on bottled water for cooking, cleaning, and bathing as the government continues to drag its feet in replacing the corroded pipes. 
Nestle representatives defended the company’s efforts to pump more groundwater, saying the “U.S. market for bottled water in general is driving the bid for more Michigan groundwater.” 
That’s right, America. Nestle says it’s your fault. 
If that’s not infuriating enough, Nestle gets to pump that water for free. Under state law, private property owners may withdraw from the aquifer under their property for free. The only cost is $200 in annual paperwork. 
The interstate Great Lakes compact prohibits water diversions outside of the Great Lakes basin, but a loophole in the law allows water to be sold outside the region, so long as it is shipped in bottles smaller than 5.7 gallons. 
Jeff Ostahowski, vice president of the Michigan Citizens for Water Conservation (MCWC), asks: 
“The issue is the privatization of a critical resource. How much is too much?” 
For years, MCWC has battled against Nestle to prevent it from expanding in the state. 
According to Nestle and the DEQ, an environmental review shows the aquifer can withstand the proposed increase in pumping, and that it won’t hurt its flow, levels, or temperature of nearby surface waters.",0
5058,WOW! WHISTLEBLOWER TELLS CHILLING STORY Of Massive Voter Fraud: Trump Campaign Readies Lawsuit Against FL Sec Of Elections In Critical District [VIDEO] » 100percentfedUp.com,"BREAKING! NYPD Ready To Make Arrests In Weiner Case…Hillary Visited Pedophile Island At Least 6 Times…Money Laundering, Underage Sex, Pay-for-Play,Proof of Inappropriate Handling Classified Information 
The amazing citizen journalist Mike Cernovich broke this story this morning at Danger and Play . Florida residents have been complaining that they’re not getting their absentee ballots. Chelsey Marie Smith, was working full-time at Broward County Supervisor of Elections main office blew the whistle on the voter fraud scheme: LIVE on #Periscope : Breaking news! Voting fraud uncovered in Florida #MAGA3X https://t.co/q7jeEz6Rgh 
— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) November 4, 2016 
The Florida State Attorney is actively investigating the fraud case that involves Secretary of Elections Brenda Snipes: Source: FL State Attorney investigators are actively reviewing Broward County Voter Fraud Case 
— Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) November 4, 2016 

Democrat Dr. Brenda Snipes was appointed by Jeb Bush in 2003 and is no stranger to controversy. On October 20, the Sun Sentinal reported that former Oakland Park Commissioner Anne Sallee noticed something troubling about her vote-by-mail ballot. It is missing Constitutional Amendment 2, the medical marijuana question. 
Sallee, now Broward chapter director of the Florida Restaurant and Lodging Association, knows her way around government. Yet she said she spent a week unsuccessfully trying to get someone at the Broward elections office to pay attention to her complaint. 
She was cleared on Wednesday of another election snafu, the early posting of primary election results. Her office also was criticized for sending out inaccurate voter ID cards, and for printing ballots for November that include the word “no” in the “yes” line on the county’s transportation sales surtax question. 
There were multiple reports that Hillary personally met with Brenda Snipes days ago: There were multiple reports Hillary personally met with Brenda Snipes days ago. No photos, but where there's smoke… 
— Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) November 4, 2016 
According to a former Secretary of Elections Department employee, there is a secret room where Democrat insiders fill out those absentee ballots. 
The woman provided her sworn testimony via affidavit. 
The affidavit by Chelsey Marie Smith accuses Broward County officials of filling out blank absentee ballots to officials who she saw filling the ballots out at the Supervisor of Elections headquarters. Via: GP Page 1: ",0
5059,‘Not Our President’: Protests Spread After Donald Trump’s Election - The New York Times,"Thousands of people across the country marched, shut down highways, burned effigies and shouted angry slogans on Wednesday night to protest the election of Donald J. Trump as president. The demonstrations, fueled by social media, continued into the early hours of Thursday. The crowds swelled as the night went on but remained mostly peaceful. Protests were reported in cities as diverse as Dallas and Oakland and included marches in Boston Chicago Portland, Ore. Seattle and Washington and at college campuses in California, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania. In Oakland alone, the Police Department said, the crowd grew from about 3, 000 people at 7 p. m. to 6, 000 an hour later. The situation grew tense late Wednesday, with SFGate. com reporting that a group of protesters had started small fires in the street and broken windows. Police officers in riot gear were called in, and at least one officer was injured, according to other local news reports. It was the second night of protests there, following unruly demonstrations that led to property damage and left at least one person injured shortly after Mr. Trump’s election was announced. The protests on Wednesday came just hours after Hillary Clinton, in her concession speech, asked supporters to give Mr. Trump a “chance to lead. ” One of the biggest demonstrations was in Los Angeles, where protesters burned a Trump effigy at City Hall and shut down a section of Highway 101. Law enforcement officials were called out to disperse the hundreds of people who swarmed across the multilane freeway. In New York, crowds converged at Trump Tower, on Fifth Avenue at 56th Street in Midtown Manhattan, where the   lives. They chanted “Not our president” and “New York hates Trump” and carried signs that said, among other things, “Dump Trump. ” Restaurant workers in their uniforms briefly left their posts to cheer on the demonstrators. The demonstrations forced streets to be closed, snarled traffic and drew a large police presence. They started in separate waves from Union Square and Columbus Circle and snaked their way through Midtown. Loaded dump trucks lined Fifth Avenue for two blocks outside Trump Tower as a form of protection. Emanuel Perez, 25, of the Bronx, who works at a restaurant in Manhattan and grew up in Guerrero, Mexico, was among the many Latinos in the crowd. “I came here because people came out to protest the racism that he’s promoting,” he said in Spanish, referring to Mr. Trump. “I’m not scared for myself personally. What I’m worried about is how many children are going to be separated from their families. It will not be just one. It will be thousands of families. ” Protesters with umbrellas beat a piñata of Mr. Trump, which quickly lost a leg, outside the building. The Police Department said on Wednesday night that 15 protesters had been arrested. Bianca Rivera, 25, of East Harlem, described Mr. Trump’s election as something that was “not supposed to happen. ” “We’re living in a country that’s supposed to be united, a melting pot,” she said. “It’s exposing all these underground racists and sexists. ” Elsewhere in the country, college students gathered in spontaneous marches and asked university leaders to schedule meetings to reflect on the results. After Mr. Trump’s victory speech, more than 2, 000 students at the University of California, Los Angeles, marched through the streets of the campus’s Westwood neighborhood. There were similar protests at the University of Southern California, in Los Angeles University of California campuses in Berkeley, San Diego and Santa Barbara Temple University, in Philadelphia and the University of Massachusetts. High school students also walked out of classes in protest in several cities. As U. C. L. A. students made their way to classes on Wednesday, they talked about how to make sense of an outcome that had seemed impossible a day earlier. “I’m more than a little nervous about the future,” said Blanca Torres, a sophomore anthropology major. “We all want to have conversations with each other, to figure out how to move forward. There’s a whole new reality out there for us now. ” Chuy Fernandez, a   economics student, said he was eager to air his unease with his peers. “I’m feeling sad with this huge sense of uncertainty,” Mr. Fernandez said. The son of a Mexican immigrant, he said it was difficult not to take the outcome personally. “We’re all just kind of waiting for a ticking time bomb, like looking around and thinking who will be deported,” he said. “That’s the exact opposite of what most of us thought would happen. ” On Facebook, a page titled “Not My President” called for protesters to gather on Inauguration Day, Jan. 20, in the nation’s capital. “We refuse to recognize Donald Trump as the president of the United States, and refuse to take orders from a government that puts bigots into power,” the organizers wrote. “We have to make it clear to the public that we did not choose this man for office and that we won’t stand for his ideologies. ”",0
5060,Jews blamed for Holocaust in UK event slammed by Israeli embassy,"October 27, 2016 Jews blamed for Holocaust in UK event slammed by Israeli embassy 
An event at the British Parliament’s House of Lords on Tuesday night set the stage for what the Israeli Embassy in London slammed as “racist tropes,” including accusations of Zionist power over the parliament and Jewish responsibility for the Holocaust. 
The event was hosted at the second chamber of the UK Parliament by former Liberal Democrat party MP Baroness Jennifer Tonge, who has previously been accused of harboring anti-Semitic stances. 
 ",0
5061,A Loverly Revival: ‘My Fair Lady’ to Return to Broadway Next Year - The New York Times,"“My Fair Lady,” which won the Tony for best new musical in 1957, will return to Broadway next year for the first time in a quarter century. Lincoln Center Theater said Monday that it would stage a revival of the musical, directed by Bartlett Sher, who has become the nonprofit organization’s   director for revivals of midcentury classics. The show, as any theater lover knows, is about a   flower saleswoman, Eliza Doolittle, who is taking speech lessons from a professor named Henry Higgins. Set in and around London in 1912, it is based on a play, “Pygmalion,” by George Bernard Shaw. The original production of “My Fair Lady,” featuring music by Frederick Loewe and a book and lyrics by Alan Jay Lerner, opened on Broadway in 1956, starring Julie Andrews and Rex Harrison, and by the time it closed, in 1962, it was the   musical in Broadway history, with 2, 717 performances. There were Broadway revivals in 1976, 1981, and 1993, and the New York Philharmonic staged a production in 2007. But the show is probably best known from the 1964 film adaptation, which starred Audrey Hepburn and Rex Harrison and won eight Academy Awards in 1965, including best picture. “It’s a show of great delight and great sophistication,” said André Bishop, the artistic director of Lincoln Center Theater, which will present the revival in association with the Nederlander organization. “And I love the idea that at this particular time, when people are not always precise in the way they speak or write, here’s this show that is about speaking. ” Mr. Sher, a resident director at Lincoln Center Theater, has directed two classic revivals there  —   “The King and I,” in 2015, and “South Pacific,” in 2008, both of which won Tony Awards for best musical revival. In 2015, he also directed a Broadway revival of another midcentury classic, “Fiddler on the Roof. ” “Bart has this very interesting ability to zero in on the themes of an old musical that seem to apply to today,” Mr. Bishop said. “He has his own spin, yet clearly honors the original intention, which is why people like him so much. ” The revival of “My Fair Lady” is scheduled to begin previews on March 22, 2018, and to open on April 19, 2018, at Lincoln Center’s Vivian Beaumont Theater. The cast has not yet been chosen.",0
5062,Bob Creamer Admits To Daily Calls With The Clinton Campaign And More…,"  Bob Creamer Admits To Daily Calls With The Clinton Campaign And More… Bob Creamer Admits To Daily Calls With The Clinton Campaign And More… October 26, 2016, 3:20 pm by Terresa Monroe-Hamilton Leave a Comment 0 
NoisyRoom.net 
Disgraced Robert Creamer is having even more of his dirty laundry aired by James O’Keefe and Project Veritas. Wonder how his commie wife, Congresswoman and fellow Marxist, Jan Schakowsky , feels about that. It would seem that Creamer was beyond cozy with the Clinton campaign. He has been on daily morning calls with the campaign with his input. He’s also, not surprisingly, worked directly with Obama to organize “issue campaigns.” 
Robert Creamer has been a political organizer and strategist for almost four decades. He and his firm, the Strategic Consulting Group, work with many of the country’s most significant issue campaigns. He was one of the major architects and organizers of the successful campaign to defeat the privatization of Social Security. He worked to end the war in Iraq, pass universal healthcare, change America’s budget priorities and enact comprehensive immigration reform. He’s been a very busy little Marxist. 
His clients have included labor unions, public interest groups and advocacy organizations like MoveOn.org, Americans United for Change and USAction. He has also worked on hundreds of electoral campaigns at the local, state and national levels. 
Now he is best known for getting caught up in a sting by Project Veritas. He also accepted a foreign donation for a Democratic Super PAC for $20,000. Then he returned it once he suspected he was being set up. A little too late, Bob. That donation was from Project Veritas themselves. 
From Breitbart : 
Disgraced Democratic operative Robert Creamer participated in daily calls with the Hillary Clinton campaign, and worked directly with President Barack Obama to organize “issue campaigns.” 
Creamer makes the admissions in the latest undercover video release from James O’Keefe and Project Veritas, which captured Creamer describing his activities. 
O’Keefe also reports that Creamer accepted a foreign donation for a Democratic super PAC. 
In this fourth video in the series, “Rigging the Election,” Creamer tells a journalist with Project Veritas that he does indeed work for the Clinton campaign and is in fact in charge of “overseeing” activities at the Trump rallies: “I mean frankly I spend most of my time overseeing the Trump event rallies, I mean that’s what I do for the Clinton campaign.” He has actively choreographed “bird dogging” at Trump’s rallies to gin up violence. He’s also placed infiltrators in Donald Duck costumes at Trump events. So lame. This has been going on for more than a year. 
Robby Mook, Clinton’s campaign manager, flat out lied last week and said he never worked with Creamer. But O’Keefe’s videos expose that whopper of a lie. 
In this latest video, Creamer details some of his connections: “Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters … I am in this campaign mainly to deal with what earned media with television, radio, with earned media and social media, not with paid media, not with advertising.” Even more damning is a conference call mentioned where they discussed a woman potentially coming forward against Trump to accuse him of inappropriate behavior. 
Creamer has known and worked with Obama since the 1980s, during his community organizing days. He goes on to add: “I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the… the health care bill, for trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.” 
I assume there will be even more videos to come. Creamer has resigned from Americans United for Change over all this and his reputation is now trashed. This is what happens when you make your living scheming against others. Eventually you get caught up in it as well. Fresh out of sympathy for Creamer. 0",0
5063,"Al-Shabaab, Al-Qaeda Affiliate in Somalia: U.S. Is ’Satan of Our Time’","The   offshoot group in East Africa   released a propaganda video in the first days of Ramadan condemning the United States as the “Satan of our time. ”[The video urges Islamic extremists to “fulfill the obligation of jihad” and expel the “global coalition of disbelievers” that includes America and other Western countries from Muslim lands.  U. S. President Donald Trump has ordered the American military to escalate airstrikes against the   terrorist group.   jihadists, in response, vowed to intensify deadly attacks as part of a “doubled response” to President Trump’s approval of expanded U. S. military efforts against it, recently revealed the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors jihadi websites. In the   video titled, “They Are Not Welcome  —   They Shall Burn In Their Fire,”   stresses its adherence to global jihadist principles, noting that “defending Muslim lands is from the most important of individual obligations,” reports the Long War Journal (LWJ).   The video’s narrator argues that America is the “devil,” a sentiment that is consistent with a message disseminated by various   leaders, including Ayman   that the United States is “evil” and corrupt.  ’s narrator says: And thus the blood of the Muslims is mercilessly spilled, their honor violated, children orphaned, and lands invaded. What we are witnessing today is a total war against Islam, spearheaded by none other than the Satan of our time: the United States of America. So let the Muslims know that the objective of this global crusade is nothing but to extinguish the shining light of Islam, plunder the wealth of the Muslim ummah [worldwide community of Muslims] and spread immorality and all sorts of moral vices within the Muslim population. As a “solution,”   calls on its followers and sympathizers to “fulfill the obligation of jihad and repel the aggressive onslaught spearheaded by the enemies of Islam. ” The U. S. military has been backing the African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) equipping and training local troops. “Our advise, assist, and accompany efforts, paired with our deliberate targeting of     leadership, have had a significant impact in degrading  ’s effectiveness in East Africa, but those two efforts are not enduring solutions to Somalia’s problems,” American Gen. Thomas Waldhauser, the top U. S. commander in the region, told lawmakers in March. Somalia, Uganda, Burundi, Djibouti, Kenya, and Ethiopia also contribute troops to AMISOM. Echoing the Afghan Taliban’s Ramadan message, which emphasizes that jihad during the holy month is “obligatory,”   mentions that it is incumbent on Islamists to wage jihad against occupiers of Muslim lands. Explaining when jihad becomes mandatory, Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman purportedly states in the video: The scholars, both past and present, are of the consensus that if a hand span of Muslim territory is occupied, then jihad becomes obligatory and a binding duty upon every Muslim, whether he is old or young, rich or poor, youthful or elderly and whether he is trained or not. The Muslim lands that have been occupied are not merely a hand span or even a thousand hand spans, but rather it is millions of hand spans. Entire countries have been forcefully taken from the lands of the Muslims and as such, jihad has become an individual obligation upon every Muslim. Specifically,   jihadist believe their enemy has “occupied” Somalia and neighboring Kenya and “defensive” jihad is required to the liberate the East African countries. Furthermore, Sheikh Abu Ubaidah Ahmad Umar, the current emir of   proclaims in the video, “Know that our jihad is a global one and not restricted to geographical boundaries. ” The   affiliate identifies its enemy as a “global coalition of disbelievers” allegedly waging their own jihad against all adherents of Islam. Among the coalition, allegedly united in their disdain towards Islam, is the Bashar   regime in Syria, Russia, Iran, the United States, and other Western nations. “Al Qaeda’s leaders first marketed the idea that Muslims are confronted by a worldwide,   campaign,” notes LWJ. According to the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI) jihadist organizations “escalate incitement to jihad and martyrdom during this month. ” Islamic extremists encourage and especially value martyrdom and jihad during Ramadan. Some Muslims believe “those who gain martyrdom during the month of Ramadan are doubly rewarded in Paradise,” points out MEMRI. There is usually a spike in Islamic terrorist attacks during the month when most Muslims abstain from eating, drinking, smoking, having sex, and other physical needs each day, starting from before the break of dawn until sunset.",0
5064,Richard Gere Rips Trump Immigration Policy: We Must ’Embrace and Love’ Each Other,"Actor Richard Gere weighed in on President Donald Trump’s recent executive action on immigration Friday at the Berlin International Film Festival, where he blasted the president’s decision to temporarily prohibit immigration from some countries and accused him of being a leader who “stimulates fear. ”[The    actor  —   in town for the premiere of his latest film, The Dinner  —   called for unity, even as he reportedly said he wouldn’t attend a hypothetical dinner with President Trump.  “The number of hate crimes went up enormously as soon as Donald Trump started running for president, in the United States and in Europe,” Gere told an audience at the festival, according to Deadline. He continued: “Unfortunately, we have leaders that stimulate fear, and that fear causes us to do really terrible things. I think that’s part of what we’re talking about in the film. We have to be really careful how we talk to each other and characterize each other. The most horrible thing Trump has done is conflate the terms refugee and terrorist. It means the same thing in the U. S. now. A refugee used to be someone who you had empathy for, who you wanted to help and give refuge to. Now we’re afraid of them. We have to really understand what he and this conservative movement has done and not forget we’re all in this together. We can’t escape each other’s realities. We have to embrace each other and love each other. ” In The Dinner, Gere plays ambitious politician Stan Lohman, who  —   together with his wife (Rebecca Hall) brother (Steve Coogan) and his brother’s wife (Laura Linney)  —   must decide what to do when their children are caught up in a heinous,   crime. At the panel for the film, Coogan also got in a jab at Trump when he was asked whether his character, Paul Lohman, suffers from mental illness: “Yes, he does have a mental illness. But compared with the president of the United States, it looks like a mild headache. ” The 67th annual Berlinale kicked off this week and runs until February 18. The Dinner will compete with 17 other films for the festival’s top Golden Bear prize.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
5065,Social Media Finds New Role as News and Entertainment Curator - The New York Times,"By the end of last week, Mark Zuckerberg said that Facebook would conduct “a full investigation” into accusations that editors at the company prevented news stories from conservative outlets from appearing in a section of the social network’s service. But the statement, issued after a weeklong crush of attention about the accusation, leapfrogged a perhaps more obvious question  —   one that Facebook’s 1. 65 billion monthly users around the world may not have considered. Facebook has editors? It does, and it isn’t alone. Most major social media platforms have, in recent years, amassed editorial teams of their own, groups that select, tame and fill gaps in the material produced by users and media companies. The teams are often tiny compared with the rest of their sprawling organizations. But most of these employees  —   whether they are called curators, reporters, editors or something else  —   make editorial choices that reach huge audiences. How and why these decisions are made are generating new questions for the companies, and their users, to grapple with. “Mainstream news organizations have endured a skeptical public for decades,” said Kjerstin Thorson, a professor at the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at the University of Southern California. Now, she says, social media companies may face similar, and perhaps jarring, scrutiny. Facebook declined to say how many people have editorial roles, as did Instagram, which Facebook owns. But several other companies provided some details about their operations that suggest the scope and variety of their editorial ambitions. Snapchat said it has around 75 people who produce content, collecting and annotating videos and photos of live events and sometimes adding    reporting themselves. Twitter employs just under a dozen people in the United States and around two dozen worldwide to collect and describe postings about notable topics. Vine, the video service owned by Twitter, employs five to 10 people to highlight videos and producers that might have been overlooked by the audience, or that the company simply wants more people to see. “Where curation picks up,” said Ankur Thakkar, the editorial lead of Vine, “is that you need human eyes and ears to pick up on a cultural trend that a machine might not see. ” In some cases, these teams coexist with media professionals working elsewhere on the platform. Peter Hamby, a former CNN political reporter, oversees a team of six journalists within Snapchat, while media companies  —   including CNN  —   produce content for the company’s Discover feature. The novelty of these arrangements can obscure their straightforward influence. Such companies, with hundreds of millions of users, attract enormous amounts of human attention. People whose Snapchat videos are featured in a curated live event say they have had millions of views. A performer featured by Vine can expect a surge of new followers a trend or meme given the same treatment can garner thousands of new responses from users. Facebook’s Trending Topics, the feature that drew all the attention last week, is relegated to a small box in desktop browsers and users’ search page on mobile devices. But the positioning provides confirmation, in the language of Facebook’s own guidelines, “that the topic is tied to a current news event in the real world. ” Broad guidelines for Twitter curators are published on the site and state that their posts, called Moments, “will not take a view on a controversial subject” and that curators will “select tweets that represent all sides of the argument” in Moments that reflect a public debate. Snapchat did not share editorial guidelines, but pointed to a team of experienced reporters as evidence of its standards. (A job listing for an “editorial lead” at Snapchat, who will be charged to “define the editorial voice of Snapchat’s Live Stories,” asks for “five years’ journalism or storytelling experience. ”) The report accusing suppression of news stories within Facebook’s Trending Topics was published by the website Gizmodo last Monday, prompting a denial by Facebook followed by the release of its   set of internal editorial guidelines. Facebook said on Thursday that its editorial guidelines “do not permit the suppression of political perspectives. ” For the companies, adding additional curated or original editorial content has an obvious appeal, helping them extract more value from people already using the platform, as well as potentially attracting new ones. “Each of these companies has to give people that aren’t coming there a reason to come there  —   new users, or infrequent users,” said Michael Pachter, an analyst for Wedbush Securities. But, Mr. Pachter said, the presence of editorial operations risks emphasizing just how significant the companies have become as gatekeepers for news and entertainment. “To edit it, and write it, and create it, and curate it, it’s a big responsibility,” he said. “I don’t think they realize what they’re getting into. ” Last week’s debate surrounding Trending Topics gave users and critics a chance to analyze the Facebook platform, which has established significant reach, in new ways. Social networks like Facebook have been widely seen as impartial systems that reflect users’ ideas, preferences and relationship back at them. But suddenly, the companies were viewed not just as tech companies, which the public is broadly endeared to, or as media companies, which are regarded with deep skepticism by much of the public, but also as something in between. Details about the Facebook team’s editorial practices, for example, immediately led to questions about the tools they used  —   the software that identified popular stories in the first place. And analysis of those tools led to questions about the central mechanics of Facebook  —   the software that uses more than a billion users’ personal connections and preferences to decide what to show them next. Many of these interrogations ended up in the same thorny thicket: Who designed the system this way, and why? That may help explain why other companies refrained from wading into public discussions around Facebook last week, hoping to avoid a similar storm. “There are a lot of similarities between this situation and how little we knew about how traditional news organizations worked in the middle of the 20th century,” Ms. Thorson said, “the last era before media trust plummeted. ” She added: “The question really is, how much sustained media attention to these processes will it require before these platforms must react in some way to preserve the trust they have? “I suspect quite a bit. ”",0
5066,Adolf Hitler and Donald Trump Similarities Will Lead to What Outcome?,"Donald Trump has ideas that are akin to those held by Adolf Hitler. The question Americans have is “What outcome will these similarities have in the United States, under his leadership?”
Hitler believed Germany should be a world leader and this could happen, if only Aryans and Germans were allowed to live in the country. Under the guise of “Americans First,” Trump wants to build a Great Wall that will keep out illegal immigrants and deport all illegal aliens. He has stated he would only allow those who embrace the American way-of-life into the country. He intends to have his boundary funded by Mexico.
Hitler stated that those who were not German should not be allowed to speak on matters of the country. He believed Communism was a threat to his nation and should be abolished. He also stated democracy and rights for workers would upset civilization. Trump has said, on his first day in office, he will ban White House officials from lobbying for foreign governments and prevent foreign representatives of special interest groups from raising money for U.S. elections. Again, wanting outsiders to remain on the outskirts of the nation but to what outcome?
The German dictator fought in the German army during World War I, before returning to Munich, as a corporal. The loss of WWI and the signing of the Treaty of Versailles angered Hitler. The corporal believed Germany was powerful and lost the war because the country was betrayed. He blamed the Jewish people and the communists.
The Treaty of Versailles: Re-determined German boundaries – Eupean-Malm[eacute]dy went to Belgium, Alsace-Lorraine was returned to France, eastern districts went to Poland, Memel was given to Lithuania, and the majority of Schleswig went to Denmark Colonies that belonged to the country were all taken away Required Germany to make financial amends for damages caused by WWI The country’s military was severely reduced and disarmed from specific classes of weapons Germany accepted their responsibility and that of their allies for the damages Created the Covenant of the New League of Nations in 1919, which Germany was prevented from joining until 1926 A demilitarized zone was established The Saar was banned from Germany for 15 years The German government signed the Treaty of Versailles under protest. Many politicians were assassinated for their part in the agreement.
Trump blames immigrants for the loss of American jobs and the Democrats for the state of the country. He wants to dismantle radical Islāmic terrorist groups and to stop paying ransoms to ISIS for the release of Americans. He also intends to put an end to the Iran nuclear deal. The Iran Deal deferred the Middle Eastern country from building a weapon of mass destruction by 9 months.
Hitler’s views fell in-line with those of the National Socialist German Workers’ Party, which later became the Nazi Party. He joined the small group in 1920. He was a charismatic speaker and thus, gained support as a leader from right-wing extremists.
Trump speaks plainly on topics concerning the U.S. He does not believe political correctness and this approach has gained him a significant following. There are Americans looking for a leader they can relate to on a cognitive level. The working-class believe Trump will lead the country out of a poor economic state.
The German economy worsened and the country feared communism. The people wanted a strong leader with a solution. Hitler’s goal was to return a strong order of tradition to Germany. After WWI, citizens were impoverished and lived for themselves, as if “they had nothing to lose.” Citizens were without a leader once Commander-in-Chief Kaiser Wilhelm was forced out of the country.
Germany was left in political and economic chaos, without leadership, and an enormous national debt to pay. While political groups fought over changing the government to a democracy or communism, the people were without food. Lack of resources caused rioting in the streets.
Hitler gained power through his engaging speeches. He gave the country a leader and he blamed the Jews for the economic situation in Germany. Hitler also spoke of extreme nationalism.
Trump wants to “Make America Great Again.” The economy, as he purposes, is the best way to start this process. He wants to put “Americans First” concerning job creation and industry. He stated that China will cease in stealing intellectual property from the U.S. During a speech in Pennsylvania, Trump stated, “I am going to instruct my Treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator, which should have been done years ago.”
He is reaching out to a country that is tired of politicians and has a strong desire for a different kind of leadership. Citizens are hungry for change and Trump supporters believe he is the farthest option from a politician. Hitler was also not regarded as a politician. He slid into office when Germany was hungry and lost with no one to lead them and enforced his policies and extreme ideas. Under President-elect Trump, will Americans suffer similar outcomes under his leadership?
The Republican candidate insists that “the TPP [Trans-Pacific Partnership] creates a new international commission that makes decisions the American people can’t veto.” He believes he can negotiate better trade deals, one-on-one, than with a round-table-discussion of countries.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership: Created to level the playing field for American workers and businesses More Made-in-America exports More higher-paying jobs Cuts over 18,000 taxes other countries put on Made-in-America products Ensures American ranchers, farmers, service suppliers, and small businesses can compete Will expand Made-in-America exports and support jobs through trade remedy laws, safeguards, countervailing duties, and anti-dumping laws Ensure American exporters are allowed procedural due process and the rules used by all countries part of Trans-Pacific Partnership are transparent Trump wants to renegotiate trade agreements to make it is easier to invest, hire, build, produce, and manufacture in the U.S. He believes this will make America the best country to conduct business. Trump intends to carry out this goal without allowing immigrants into the country.
There will not be any more jobs lost to Mexico, immigrants, or globalism. Jobs and wealth will stay in the U.S. – extreme nationalism. His “Make America Great Again” and “Americans First” slogans, along with his off-the-cuff, violence-inciting speeches, have won him the title, president-elect. This is also in-line with Hitler’s idea that Germany could rule the world, but only as a single race.
These similarities could lead to a frightening outcome in America. Neither Hitler nor Trump had many policies, nevertheless, they offered an alternative type of leadership in struggling countries. Will the outcome, under President-elect Trump be similar to the experience suffered by Germany under Hitler’s leadership?
By Jeanette Smith
Sources:
The White House: The Historic Deal that Will Prevent Iran from Acquiring a Nuclear Weapon
The Holocaust Explained: Who Was Adolf Hitler?
Google: Donald Trump Policies
History: TREATY OF VERSAILLES
Office of the United States Trade Representative: The Trans-Pacific Partnership
Featured Image Courtesy of aNICe’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Top Image Courtesy of Jason Hollinger’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
First Inline Image Courtesy of Dmitry Dzhus’ Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Second Inline Image Courtesy of Renegade98’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    America , Germany , hitler , Trump",0
5067,"Triggered Lefty Tries To Run Over Trump Sign, Gets PERFECT Dose Of Justice","Share This 
The upcoming election has our nation on pins and needles, but none more so than the idiots on the left. Proving just that was a few morons who decided to run over a Donald Trump lawn sign that they saw on the side of the road – and that’s when they got slapped with the perfect dose of justice. 
The incident was posted to the Twitter account of a black Trump supporter named Tallah who lives in Detroit, Michigan. Now, if ever there was a place that should be sick of Democrats, it should be Detroit, but apparently, there are still people living in the city who enjoy living life as a slave to the government. Tallah (right) (Photo Source: Twitter ) 
Proving just that, it seems that a few of Tallah’s Trump lawn signs triggered a liberal who just had to do something about it. Captured by pictures after the fact, the idiot decided the best way to voice his negative opinion on Trump was to destroy the woman’s property. 
As can be seen, the idiot decided to swerve off the road and run over 4 signs that were sitting in Tallah’s front lawn. Unfortunately for him, he was about to get a nasty dose of instance justice – and it’s just delectable. Triggered lefty ran over Tallah’s Trump signs but got a nasty surprise (Photo Source: Twitter ) 
As it turns out, this clearly wasn’t the first run in that Tallah had with triggered liberals. She put out a little surprise for anyone who would try what this triggered lefty did. Also captured in the photos was the woman’s homemade booby trap – a board with nails sticking up just below the signs. Booby trap (Photo Source: Twitter ) 
At the end of the day, the trap did exactly what it was supposed to – popped the tires of an entitled piece of garbage that thought they could do whatever they wanted. Too bad for them, Tallah even managed to get a picture of the idiot responsible as he tried to put the spare tire on his car. Triggered liberals licking their wounds (Photo Source: Twitter ) 
However, it seems that the popped tire wasn’t even the best part of the picture. After zooming in on the morons’ faces, their expression shows that they received every bit of justice that they deserved. Even better yet, the signs weren’t even really destroyed. It looks like all Tallah would need to do is bend them back up to standing position. Close up on the entitled punks’ faces (Photo Source: Twitter ) 
It just goes to show, the entitled mentality is getting out of hand in this country. However, if liberals want to play dirty at every corner, we can whip out a few tricks of our own. With that being said, let’s just hope this triggered fool learned a lesson. After all, I’m sure his decision to destroy a $20 sign wasn’t worth the price to get a new tire.",0
5068,Los Angeles Charter School Advocates Win School Board Majority - Breitbart,"Charter school advocates in the Los Angeles Unified School District (LAUSD) won a major victory Tuesday as two of their candidates won seats on the school board, giving them the majority. [Steve Zimmer, president of the LAUSD  —   the nation’s   school district  —   lost in District 4 to teacher and attorney Nick Melvoin. Kelly Gonez also won a tight race in District 6 over Imelda Padilla, who was backed by the teachers’ unions.  Gonez and Melvoin will join incumbents Monica Garcia and Ref Rodriguez, creating the     majority of   supporters on the board, reports the CBS local affiliate. The school board races involved millions of dollars in campaign spending, the Los Angeles Times reports, with the candidates expressing frustration at times over the amount of outside spending from charter school advocate groups and unions making an impact on the campaigns. According to the Times report: Outside groups funded by charter advocates painted Zimmer as a charter school foe.   mailers characterized him as a   militant, a protector of pedophiles and the mastermind of the school district’s    debacle. Groups bankrolled by public employee unions tried to link Melvoin, 31, to Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos and President Trump, both of whom are extremely unpopular in Los Angeles. Neither of these portrayals were accurate. Zimmer has voted many times to approve new charter schools and Melvoin is a Democrat who has been critical of the Trump administration’s education policies. The unions reportedly spent some $2. 5 million on Zimmer’s campaign and more than $2. 34 million on that of Padilla. Charter school promoters spent upward of $5. 69 million on Melvoin’s campaign and $3. 3 million on that of Gonez. Charter school advocate Netflix chief executive Reed Hastings  —   a Democrat  —   donated $5 million to California Charter Schools Association Advocates, which managed much of the spending for the charter candidates. LAUSD has the highest number of charter schools and charter students of any other school district, though charters still only represent 16 percent of enrollment.",0
5069,"Lena Dunham Shares Diet Tips: ’Quiet Rage,’ ’Sweaty Dreams of Dystopian Future’","Actress and   activist Lena Dunham has shared her own diet tips after blasting a celebrity magazine for promoting weight loss advice on a recent cover issue alongside her photograph. [In an Instagram post Monday, the Girls star criticized Us Weekly for putting her image on its cover alongside a caption promoting “slim down diet tips!” which she said is “diametrically opposed to everything” she has fought for her entire career.  The    star has been very vocal about the politics of body image and the fact that she had lost a considerable amount of weight during the presidential election. But Dunham says the “diet tips” Us Weekly cover is “not a compliment to me because it’s not an achievement. ” Instead, Dunham listed her own “20 slimdown diet tips,” a collection of   and   reasons why she has lost weight. The list includes “anxiety disorder,” “an election that reveals the true depths of American misogyny,” and “constant sweaty dreams of dystopian future. ” “Watching institutions you love from Planned Parenthood to PBS be threatened by cartoon   villains” and “marching your ass off” are also among Dunham’s weight loss tips.  20 slimdown diet tips! 1. anxiety disorder * 2. resultant constant nausea 3. an election that reveals the true depths of American misogyny  4. constant sweaty dreams of dystopian future  5. abdominal adhesions pinning ovary below uterus * 6. baseless but still harrowing threats to physical safety online and through smail mail  7. watching institutions you love from Planned Parenthood to PBS be threatened by cartoon   villains  8. finally realizing superheroes aren’t real (specifically the   really thought they’d handle this) 9. marching your ass off 10. a quiet rage that replaces need for food with need for revenge 11. sleeping 19 hours a day 12. realizing that even the liberal media wants dem clicks no matter whut  13. worrying ceaselessly about the health and safety of women you know and women you don’t  14. realizing who ya real friends are 15. having to switch from Uber to Lyft (lots of calories burned trying to understand a new app, then even more trying to understand if the conflict was resolved) 16. bladder spasms, urinary frequency and urgency * 17. having your phone number leaked and violent images texted to your phone by randos under names like VERYFATCHUCKYBOY@creepz. com 18. keeping your back arched against the wind 19. um, who the fuck cares? 20. I have no tips I give no tips I don’t want to be on this cover cuz it’s diametrically opposed to everything I’ve fought my whole career for and it’s not a compliment to me because it’s not an achievement thanx * Star indicates a   condition, A post shared by Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) on May 7, 2017 at 9:55pm PDT,  Dunham has reportedly spent the last week recovering from complications related to her ongoing battle with endometriosis. The actress was rushed to the emergency room following her appearance at the Met Gala last week. Last month, Dunham announced that she and her Girls   Jenni Konner plan to take their Lenny digital newsletter on the road. Dunhan and her friends will tour six cities, beginning May 31 in St. Louis, “connecting to women, to people, in the middle of the country. ” “It’s political, but we’re also trying to bring up issues that you can’t really argue with,” Dunham said. “For example, a portion of our proceeds are going toward arts education organizations for girls in every city. People have a lot of really split opinions on social politics, but you basically have to be a   villain to have a problem with girls receiving arts education. ”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
5070,Chuck Todd on VA Shooting: ‘We Are All to Blame’ for the ‘Toxic Stew’ of Political Discourse - Breitbart,"Wednesday on MSNBC’s “MTP Daily,” host Chuck Todd reacted to the shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, VA, saying that we were “all to blame. ”  Todd said, “Folks, some want to blame the left or the right or us in the media. But here’s who it seems too many folks don’t want to blame themselves. We are all to blame. This toxic stew that passes for political discourse seems beyond repair in the current moment. Just look at social media. ” “For too long, our collective politics has demonized the other side for caustic behavior while rationalizing that same behavior when it comes from someone who shares their politics,” he continued. “Maybe we ought to borrow another phrase that we’re all asked to do, when you see something, say something. And for political leaders, when you see caustic behavior, no matter if that person agrees with you, why don’t you say something to them?” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5071,Twitter Shares Crash Following Quarterly Earnings Report Release - Breitbart,"Twitter shares crashed on Thursday following the release of the company’s 4th quarter earnings report. [CNBC reports that the social media company posted a   earnings report showing earnings of 16 cents per share on a revenue of $717 million. This fell short of analysts’ expectations, who had anticipated a higher revenue of approximately $740. 1 million, according to an estimate from Thomson Reuters. Twitter had posted 12 cents per share on revenue of $479 million in 2016.  Twitter adjusted its guidance for the first quarter from the range of $75 million to $95 million, falling fall short of Wall Street’s expected estimate of $191. 3 million. Twitter’s stock crashed a full 10 percent following the announcement of the earnings report. The company did report a 4% increase in active monthly users with 319 million users per month, up from 317 million users in 2016. Twitter’s advertising revenue decreased from the year previously, with the company reporting revenue of $638 million. Of that, US revenue was down 5% totaling $440 million, while international revenue totaled $277 million, an increase of 12% from 2016. The company also reported a loss of $143. 6 million in the 4th quarter, much worse than the reported $67. 2 million loss in the same quarter for 2016, according to NASDAQ. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey discussed the poor performance of the company, saying, “While revenue growth continues to lag audience growth, we are applying the same focused approach that drove audience growth to our revenue product portfolio, focusing on our strengths and the   nature of our service. This will take time, but we’re moving fast to show results. ” Twitter’s Chief Financial Officer Anthony Noto claimed that   were happy with the company’s revenue growth: “Revenue growth will continue to lag audience growth due to the sales cycle, and could be further impacted by the escalating competition for digital advertising spending and our efforts to   our revenue product feature portfolio. ” The company also stated that they had made great progress with Twitter features on the platform such as the “Home Timeline. ” “We also improved the relevance of notifications to increase engagement and bring people back to Twitter. These changes improved retention for both monthly active and daily active usage, as well as increased Tweet impressions and time spent on the service,” the company stated. It is believed by some that President Trump’s tweets may have a large effect on the platform in both positive and negative capacities. Analyst Richard Greenfield stated, “The incessant news flow from the Trump administration playing out on Twitter and the ensuing global reaction pushes Twitter users to be increasingly engaged with the platform. ” However, Richard Kramer of Arete Research told CNBC that the president’s tweeting may deter brands from advertising on Twitter due to fear of the current extreme polarization among Americans over politics. “I think whatever your political views, it’s clear that Trump is extremely divisive, and this isn’t really a positive for advertisers,” said Kramer. Steve Ballmer, the former CEO of Microsoft and a Twitter shareholder, spoke to CNBC about Twitter’s performance and CEO Jack Dorsey. “Every time I talk to Jack, the message is, ‘We need more. More innovation. Move, move, move,’” said Ballmer, “Get the cost base right and move forward. ” “Running two companies is not the best idea,” said Ballmer referring to Jack Dorsey’s other company, Square. “And I’ll stand by the notion that Jack’s a very creative, innovative guy, as well evidenced by the fact that he started two amazing companies.   …     I give him credit for that, and I think now’s the time to focus down, at least from my perspective, on the stock I own. ” Breitbart Senior editor MILO predicted the death of Twitter following his suspension from the platform in 2016. Editor’s note: this story has been updated to include reported losses for the quarter per NASDAQ. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com.",0
5072,Breitbart News Daily: Chicago Hate Crime - Breitbart,"On the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam will continue our discussion of the new 115th Congress. [Tom Van Flein, chief of staff to Rep. Paul Gosar ( ) and former legal counsel to Gov. Sarah Palin, will discuss the House Republicans’ thwarted plan to overhaul the House Ethics Oversight panel rules.  Legal analyst Philip Holloway, a former prosecutor and police officer and founder of the Holloway Law Group, will discuss the shocking Chicago hate crime incident broadcast live on Facebook. David Rutz of the Washington Free Beacon will discuss his article about Fareed Zakaria’s fawning CNN documentary on “The Legacy of Barack Obama. ” Kassam will also continue our analysis of the election of   Donald Trump, the progress of his transition team, and his policy vision. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   .",0
5073,CNN Technicians Rush To Empty Wolf Blitzer’s Urine Tank Midway Through Election Coverage - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"CNN Technicians Rush To Empty Wolf Blitzer’s Urine Tank Midway Through Election Coverage Close Vol 52 Issue 44 · News Media · Election 2016 
NEW YORK—Noting that the storage canister had nearly reached capacity, CNN technicians reportedly rushed to empty Wolf Blitzer’s urine tank Tuesday night midway through the network’s election coverage. “All right, people, it’s go time—we need to release the pressure valves and drain this thing now, because the clock is ticking,” said head technician Raymond Harrington, prompting his crew of assistants to assume their designated positions around the 12-gallon stainless-steel vat before discharging the liquid contents into an off-camera waste container while Blitzer delivered a long stretch of uninterrupted state-level voting analysis. “Easy does it. Be careful of splashback. That stuff is hot. Okay, now make sure all urine lines are clear before closing the runoff spigot.” At press time, an unforeseen leak in the urine tank had forced CNN technicians to sequester Blitzer in an isolated containment unit and evacuate the set during a commercial break. Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
5074,"Russia, China Look To Autonomous Financial System","Russia, China Look To Autonomous Financial System 11/07/2016 
TASS.COM 
Russia and China need to create an autonomous financial system which would be minimally subject to political risks and external pressure, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said in an interview with the Chinese Central Television (CCTV). 
“As I see it, what should we be guided with in creating a modern financial system in the People’s Republic of China and in the Russian Federation?” he said. “We need to set up a modern, protected and simultaneously quite autonomous financial system, which would be subject to political risks to a lesser degree.” Nowadays, Russia and China are considering integration of Russia’s national payment system, the Mir bank cards, and China’s UnionPay system, he said. 
“In our view, it would help to enhance the reliability of payments,” Medvedev said, adding that sometimes some countries were trying to exert “all sorts of political pressure.” European banks had been regularly fined by US financial authorities and financial companies, he added. 
“They say ‘We will take ten billion euros from a French bank and seven billion euros from a German bank’. Our European partners agree with this,” Medvedev said. 
“I am not speaking about the nature of these disputes but that we must protect our financial systems. China must protect its own system and Russia must protect its own system. Therefore, this cooperation is very useful as in this situation no-one will be capable of blocking the road of financial traffic,” he emphasized. Russia looks to predictability of China’s economic growth 
Russia expects that China’s economic growth will be predictable and is set to cooperate with Chinese partners for the purpose, Russia’s Prime Minister said in an interview. 
“We are interested in predictability of China’s economy growth and so we are ready to work with our Chinese partners,” Medvedev said, adding the Russian government was implementing a plan aimed to boost the economic growth. 
“Actually, everyone needs it. Our country needs it as recently we have been plunged in a phase of such decline. Both European and US economies need it since they have not been gaining fast growth, to say nothing about Japan. Also, the Chinese economy needs it since it had been gathering speed in the past years but has slowed down later,” he said. “It is closely watched by everyone as China’s economy is the most significant factor of the world economic growth.”. Energy and high technology sectors 
Russia and China may reach the goal of $200bln trade by 2020 but energy and high technology sectors along with traditional trade should move up a gear, Russian Prime Minister said. 
“Indicators have been improving this year as a result of joint work of the two states, including our countries’ leaders, governments, ministries, agencies and businesses,” Medvedev said. Russia, China intend to develop small satellite for Wi-Fi network 
“I am convinced that if we move ahead like this, by 2020 we will be able to reach the trade of $200 billion worth. However, attention should be turned to key aspects of cooperation,” he said explaining he implied the energy sector, with some projects like the Power of Siberia gas pipeline. 
“In 2015 construction of an eastern stretch of the gas pipeline was launched,” he said. “Also, it includes oil supplies along the Skovorodino-Mohe (oil pipeline) extension and construction of large facilities, in particular the construction of Unit 3 at the Tianwan Nuclear Power Plant.” 
Besides, high-tech projects should be enhanced, he said. 
“I mean wide-body jets, heavy helicopters and other projects in the high-tech sector,” Medvedev said. “It seems to me that if we diversify trade like this, our countries will be quite capable of reaching the level which we agreed on several years ago,” he said in conclusion. Share",0
5075,Why are CDC Employees “Crying in the Hallways” After Donald Trump’s Election?,"Why are CDC Employees “Crying in the Hallways” After Donald Trump’s Election? Will years of alleged fraud at the CDC get more attention in the Trump administration? 7 reasons CDC employees should be “crying in the hallways” PORTLAND, Oregon —  Question : The day after Donald Trump’s unexpected win in the presidential election last week, how many government agencies had reports in the media of their employees “crying in the hallways”? Answer : Exactly one. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which is based in Atlanta, GA. As a long-time critic of the CDC, I was pretty shocked to see this headline last week, courtesy of Atlanta’s NPR radio station, 90.1 WABE: Atlanta CDC Employees Express Anxiety Over Trump’s Win The story detailed the climate at CDC the day after the election: 
“At the General Muir deli across the street from the CDC, a few employees talked to WABE, asking that their names not be used. One microbiologist said her colleagues were crying in the hallways.” “It’s really sad,” she said. “It’s depressing. I’m eating a bagel to try and be happy.” 
See: http://news.wabe.org/post/atlanta-cdc-employees-express-anxiety-over-trumps-win 
The average voter — even a Trump supporter — probably has no idea why CDC employees might be “crying in the hallways,” while the average autism parent (meaning those of us who have children with autism) like me understands it perfectly. Frankly, it’s pretty hard for me to write about the CDC without shaking with at least a little bit of rage. On the off chance this is your first time considering this topic, I’ll steady my hands and explain it to you: Source: learntherisk.org The CDC is in charge of recommending the vaccination schedule for U.S. children, which has grown from 5 total doses in the 1960s to more than 70 today. The CDC is ALSO in charge of monitoring vaccine safety for those more than 70 doses. In an ironic twist (at least for parents like me), the CDC is ALSO in charge of tracking the number of children with Autism in the U.S., a number that has grown from 1 in 10,000 in the 1980s to 1 in 68 today. For many autism parents, the CDC being in charge of both implementing the vaccine schedule and monitoring the safety of vaccines has always felt like an extreme conflict of interest. And, we were never alone in that feeling. 10 years ago, two members of Congress, Representatives Dave Weldon and Carolyn Maloney, tried to pass a bill to separate vaccine safety from the CDC: 
From the press release for the bill: Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney 
At a press conference Wednesday morning, U.S. Reps. Dave Weldon, M.D. (R-FL) and Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) introduced a bill that would give responsibility for the nation’s vaccine safety to an independent agency within the Department of Health and Human Services, removing most vaccine safety research from the Centers for Disease Control (CDC). Currently, the CDC has responsibility for both vaccine safety and promotion, which is an inherent conflict of interest increasingly garnering public criticism. Congressman Dave Weldon, M.D. “There’s an enormous inherent conflict of interest within the CDC and if we fail to move vaccine safety to a separate independent office, safety issues will remain a low priority and public confidence in vaccines will continue to erode,” said Weldon, noting that across the federal government similar conflicts of interests have been remedied, but with regard to mandatory childhood vaccines the conflict continues to persist unchecked. “This bill will provide the independence necessary to ensure that vaccine safety research is robust, unbiased, and broadly accepted by the public at large.” “Vaccines do wonders for public health, but when the government requires them, it must also ensure that they’re safe,” said Maloney. “We need adequate, unbiased research on vaccines, and this legislation would deliver that. I applaud Dr. Weldon for his tremendous commitment to and leadership on this issue. He is truly dedicated to protecting our children and the public at large.” See: https://maloney.house.gov/media-center/press-releases/weldon-maloney-introduce-vaccine-safety-bill Alas, like every bill intended to reduce the power and influence of the CDC, the bill never passed. Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., a well-known environmental activist and progeny of one of the most famous political families in the world, has spoken with force about the conflict problems at CDC: Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. “The CDC is a captive agency. The vaccine agency has become a subsidiary of big pharma. Vaccines are a $30 billion industry, an increasing profit center. They have been able to compromise all checks and balances that once protected children.” – Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. For parents uncertain as to where CDC’s loyalties lie, the departure of the previous head of CDC — Julie Gerberding — to a well-paying job as President of the vaccine division of Merck , the largest vaccine maker in the world, made many of us permanently cynical: “Dr. Julie Gerberding, former director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, was named president of Merck & Co Inc’s vaccine division, the company said on Monday. Gerberding, who led the CDC from 2002 to 2009, stepped down when President Barack Obama took office.” 
See: http://www.reuters.com/article/us-merck-gerberding-idUSTRE5BK2K520091221 7 Reasons Back to the employees “crying in the hallways” and eating bagels to feel better. In my opinion, it’s going to get far worse before it gets better for the CDC, and here’s 7 reasons why: Reason #1: The CDC just got outed last month by its own scientists complaining that CDC’s “mission is being influenced and shaped by outside parties and rogue interests.” From the Huffington Post on October 17, 2016: Concerns about the inner workings of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) have been mounting in recent months amid disclosures of cozy corporate alliances. Now a group of more than a dozen senior scientists have reportedly lodged an ethics complaint alleging the federal agency is being influenced by corporate and political interests in ways that short-change taxpayers… “It appears that our mission is being influenced and shaped by outside parties and rogue interests… and Congressional intent for our agency is being circumvented by some of our leaders. What concerns us most, is that it is becoming the norm and not the rare exception,” the letter states. “These questionable and unethical practices threaten to undermine our credibility and reputation as a trusted leader in public health.” See: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/carey-gillam/spider-bites-cdc-ethics-c_b_12525012.html The scientists — who chose to remain anonymous for fear of retribution (never a good reflection on an agency’s culture) — published a complete letter with their complaints that you can read here : “We are often directed to do things we know are not right.” — CDC Scientists Preserving Integrity, Diligence and Ethics in Research (CDC SPIDER) Reason #2: CDC has a whistleblower scientist— Dr. William Thompson — alleging that CDC scientists destroyed data that showed a link between the MMR vaccine and autism This is a serious allegation, especially because Dr. Thompson is the principal author of a number of the studies used to “prove” vaccines “don’t cause autism” released by CDC. From former CBS journalist Sharyl Attkisson: A current Centers for Disease Control (CDC) senior scientist has made an unprecedented admission: he and his colleagues–he says– committed scientific misconduct to cover up a meaningful link between vaccines and autism in black boys. Just as startling, the CDC scientist, Dr. William Thompson, says the study co-authors “scheduled a meeting to destroy documents related to the study. The remaining four co-authors all met and brought a big garbage can into the meeting room, and reviewed and went through all the hardcopy documents that we had thought we should discard, and put them into a huge garbage can.” The…co-authors…brought a big garbage can into the meeting room… [and put the documents]…into a huge garbage can. – CDC Senior Scientist Dr. William Thompson 
See: https://sharylattkisson.com/cdc-scientist-we-scheduled-meeting-to-destroy-vaccine-autism-study-documents/ “A huge garbage can”? Did he really say that? Yes, he really did, and one of our Congressmen — Representative Bill Posey of Florida — repeated Dr. Thompson’s words in Congressional testimony: Reason #3: CDC has another whistleblower alleging that CDC’s gathering of autism prevalence numbers has been fraudulent From the The Alliance for Human Research Protection website: On April 4, 2016, Dr. Judith Pinborough-Zimmerman, the former Principal Investigator for the CDC’s Autism and Developmental Disabilities Monitoring Network (ADDM) in Utah, filed a whistleblower lawsuit in the U.S. District Court. Dr. Zimmerman charged University of Utah researchers for CDC’s Network with “publishing data under people’s names who had not done the work and that the data contained uncorrected errors.” “Depositions from Zimmerman and her former colleagues suggest that the alleged data errors were serious and have the potential to produce major differences in reported Utah autism rates. In the 2008 ADDM Network Report, Utah autism rates were the highest in the country at 1 in 47. In the 2012 report released today, Utah rates plummeted nearly 20% to 1 in 58 as most other ADDM Network sites reported either rising or stable autism rates.” See: http://ahrp.org/lawsuit-by-principal-investigator-for-cdc-utah-autism-data-filed-whistleblower-lawsuit/ Health Choice, an advocacy organization, explains why Ms. Zimmerman’s allegations are so serious: “The CDC has been misrepresenting the alarming rise in autism rates since the late 1980s,” says Health Choice Executive Leadership Team Chairman Mark Blaxill. His Health Choice analysis, “The Autism Emergency Continues”, released today outlines a number of criticisms of the CDC’s surveillance program. “They have selected a partial and unrepresentative sample of states to track, changed the sample in a biased fashion over the years, and then take too long to report out the data. Today’s 2012 report is over a decade behind the problem, giving us autism rates for children born twelve years ago.” “If the sharp increases in autism rates began in the late 1980s,” asks Blaxill, “why would CDC design a tracking survey beginning with the 1992 birth year? Elsewhere, they’ve published data with very low rates from the late 1980s in New Jersey and Georgia but don’t connect the dots in the ADDM publications from today’s 1 in 68 rate back to these earlier numbers.” “Health Choice is very worried that the CDC’s ADDM Network reporting is not accurately representing the seriousness of the autism epidemic. For most affected individuals, autism is a lifelong disability, a condition that frequently wreaks havoc on families, school systems, and state resources.” Mr. Blaxill went on to say, “since 1990, autism rates have exploded: something new and terrible is happening to a generation of children. It’s time to for the CDC stop sugar coating the inconvenient facts and confess that we have a national emergency so we can finally get to the bottom of this tragic problem.” Reason #3A: One of the authors of the “Danish Studies” exonerating thimerosal’s (a mercury preservative) role in Autism is wanted by the CDC for embezzlement (Author’s note: the failure to mention Poul Thorsen was brought up to me by an attentive reader. It’s hard to keep track of so much malfeasance!) I’m just glad I can prove this one with other articles, it’s almost too much to believe: Researcher who dispelled vaccine-autism link: “Most-wanted fugitive” This is on the HHS website, right now! “A former Centers for Disease Control (CDC) researcher, best known for his frequently-cited studies dispelling a link between vaccines and autism, is still considered on the lam after allegedly using CDC grants of tax dollars to buy a house and cars for himself. “Most wanted fugitive” CDC researcher Poul Thorsen published studies dispelling a link between vaccines and autism Poul Thorsen, listed as a most-wanted fugitive by the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, was discredited in April 2011 when he was indicted on 13 counts of wire fraud and nine counts of money laundering. Some have argued that his alleged fraudulent behavior calls into question the validity of his studies. There is no indication the studies have been retracted to date.” See: https://sharylattkisson.com/researcher-who-dispelled-vaccine-autism-link-most-wanted-fugitive/ I can’t make this stuff up! Here’s another article about Poul Thorsen from Robert F. Kennedy, Jr: Central Figure in CDC Vaccine Cover-Up Absconds With $2M 
See: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/robert-f-kennedy-jr/central-figure-in-cdc-vac_b_494303.html Reason #4: Two Merck whistleblowers are alleging that the Mumps vaccine doesn’t work very well, and that Merck knew that and fudged the data Remember the former CDC head (Julie Gerberding) who went to go work at the Merck vaccine division? Yup, it really is that ugly… See: http://philadelphia.legalexaminer.com/fda-prescription-drugs/massive-fraud-in-merck-mmr-vaccine-testing/ “A U.S. judge rejected Merck’s attempt at a dismissal after determining there was plausible grounds for the claims. Therefore the medical giant is being forced to defend themselves and their vaccine in at least two federal cases. Merck could also be forced to defend itself in Congress. Representative Bill Posey (R-FL) — a known critic of the CDC whom is investigating the link between autism and vaccines — is reviewing hundreds of documents turned over by the CDC whistleblower.” According to the whistleblowers’ court documents, Merck’s misconduct was far-ranging: It “failed to disclose that its mumps vaccine was not as effective as Merck represented, (ii) used improper testing techniques, (iii) manipulated testing methodology, (iv) abandoned undesirable test results, (v) falsified test data, (vi) failed to adequately investigate and report the diminished efficacy of its mumps vaccine, (vii) falsely verified that each manufacturing lot of mumps vaccine would be as effective as identified in the labeling, (viii) falsely certified the accuracy of applications filed with the FDA, (ix) falsely certified compliance with the terms of the CDC purchase contract, (x) engaged in the fraud and concealment describe herein for the purpose of illegally monopolizing the U.S. market for mumps vaccine, (xi) mislabeled, misbranded, and falsely certified its mumps vaccine, and (xii) engaged in the other acts described herein to conceal the diminished efficacy of the vaccine the government was purchasing.” “The fraudulent activities, say the whistleblowers, were designed to produce test results that would meet the FDA’s requirement that the mumps vaccine was 95 percent effective.” Reason #5: Just yesterday, a local Atlanta TV station explained to the world what the vaccine court is and that it’s not working Definitive book on the vaccine court. Never heard of the Vaccine Court? You’re not alone. This is the first news story I’ve ever seen mentioning and criticizing the court, and it’s from an Atlanta TV station! From WSB-TV: “A federal program designed to help victims suffering from life-altering reactions to vaccines is falling short on promises made when it started. It’s called the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, a $3.6 billion fund created to take care of victims with catastrophic reactions to vaccines. But a Channel 2 Action News investigation found it also protects vaccine-makers from being subject to lawsuits. And they don’t pay for the program — you do.” 
See: http://www.actionnewsjax.com/news/investigates/3b-program-to-help-vaccine-victims-falls-short-on-promises/467245775 Reason #6: A published study shows that 83 cases from vaccine court (see above) compensated children with autism for vaccine injury So, let me get this straight: A senior scientist from the CDC who authored many of the studies “proving” vaccines don’t cause autism says they threw away data in a big garbage can that showed a connection between vaccines and autism… A group of lawyers then reviewed records from the vaccine court and found children with autism are being compensated by the court for vaccine injury causing their autism… …Are we sure vaccines can’t cause autism? 
Read: Pace Environmental Law Review 
“For over 20 years, the federal government has publicly denied a vaccine-autism link, while at the same time its Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP) has been awarding damages for vaccine injury to children with brain damage, seizures and autism. A new investigation, based on verifiable government data, breaks ground in the controversial vaccine-autism debate. The investigation found that a substantial number of children compensated for vaccine injury also have autism and that such cases have existed since 1989, the year after the VICP was formed.” 
SafeMinds’ Executive Director, Lyn Redwood, RN, MSN comments, “This study dramatically shifts the debate on autism and vaccines. The question is no longer, Can vaccines cause autism? The answer is clear. Now, we have to ask, How many cases of autism have vaccines caused and how do we prevent new injuries from occurring?” The government has asserted that it “does not track” autism among the vaccine-injured. SafeMinds responds that not looking is the easiest way not to find something. SafeMinds is calling for immediate federal research into the mechanisms of injury in these children in an effort to protect other children from harm and Congressional action to reform the VICP. Reason #7: President-Elect Trump appears to know the truth about vaccines and autism, and he’s not afraid to say it! Yes, I saved the best for last. If you’re an autism parent, you already knew this one. But, Donald Trump has been speaking the truth about what happened to our kids for years. The first I heard of President-elect Trump’s understanding of this issue was back in December 2007: TRUMP SPEAKS: “I THINK IT’S THE VACCINATIONS” 
See: http://www.ageofautism.com/2007/12/trump-speaks–1.html What if you were a large national autism charity and you held a fundraiser at a billionaire’s house and the billionaire told reporters he thought autism was caused by vaccines? What if your large national autism charity was wildly dismissive of vaccines as a cause for autism, had scientists on staff who had worked to produce faulty research exonerating vaccines alongside the CDC, and had no research dollars allocated to exploring the vaccine-autism relationship? Well, then you would be Autism Speaks holding a fundraiser at Donald Trump’s Palm Beach mansion. As THIS article from the South Florida Sun-Sentinel reports: “At a news conference Thursday in a gold-trimmed Mar-A-Lago ballroom, Trump’s wife, Melania, noted her 22-month-old son, Baron, and said: “I cannot imagine what the mothers [with autistic children] and mothers all around the world go through. … Let’s get rid of autism.” In an interview, Donald Trump said he thinks the rising prevalence of autism is related to vaccinations of babies and toddlers. One in 150 children is now diagnosed with autism, with the prevalence higher among boys. “When I was growing up, autism wasn’t really a factor,” he [Trump] said. “And now all of a sudden, it’s an epidemic. Everybody has their theory, and my theory is the shots. They’re getting these massive injections at one time. I think it’s the vaccinations .” As you may know, President-elect Trump’s statements have only gotten bolder since then. Or how about his words during this appearance on Fox News? Thank you for your honesty, President-elect Trump. Crying through the hallways at CDC? I think the crying has just begun. 
About the Author 
J.B. Handley is the father of a child with Autism. He and his wife co-founded Generation Rescue, Jenny McCarthy’s autism charity. He spent his career in the private equity industry and received his undergraduate degree with honors from Stanford University. He is also the author of “ The Only Vaccine Guide a New Parent Will Ever Need” and “ An Angry Father’s Guide to Vaccine-Autism Science ” 
Republished by permission. Original article published here   VaccineImpact.com. Leaving a lucrative career as a nephrologist (kidney doctor), Dr. Suzanne Humphries is now free to actually help cure people. In this autobiography she explains why good doctors are constrained within the current corrupt medical system from practicing real, ethical medicine. FREE Shipping Available! Order here . Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? eBook – Available for immediate download. 
One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.” 
However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines. 
The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary. 
Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field. 
In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual. 
Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot. 
These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions. 
In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe. Read : Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device!",0
5076,LEAKED: Transcript Of Phone Call Between Enda Kenny & Donald Trump,"0 Add Comment 
IRELAND was said to be unsure how to act after learning the man most unfit for public office, snagged a 10-minute conversation with Donald Trump late last night. 
However, a leaked transcript of the conversation believed to have lasted 10 minutes has been made available to the public, reassuring many. WWN has reproduced it in full below: 
Enda: “Hello, Donald, bog fan, sorry, I mean big fan, bit nervous chatting to you obviously” 
Trump: (speaking to someone in the room with him) “It’s definitely ‘Edna’? That’s a chick’s name right? Invite her for Patty’s Day. On a scale of 1-to-10, what are we talking? How grabbable is her pussy?” 
Enda: “Hi, huh-hello? Mr, eh, President Elect Trump sir..” 
Trump: (speaking to someone in the room with him) “Yeah, they say that now, but once I’m in office, that gold statue of me is going on the White House lawn, believe me. We’ll need to enhance the crotch area first, bigly.” 
Enda: “Hello, we’re very happy for you here in Ireland, absolutely everyone loves you and your hair and I never called you a racist, they were Clinton lies. She’s a big liar that Clinton one.” 
Long pause of over 1 minute when nothing is said. 
Trump: (chewing loudly) Who is this again?” 
Enda: “It’s Enda Kenny, I’m the Taoise… I’m the Mr. Ireland boss man” 
Trump: (chewing loudly) “We’re winning big here, you understand, so big, we won so big, it’s unbelievable and yet my assistant tells me you’re not even following me on Twitter. Wrong. Big mistake, believe me” 
Enda: “Yes, yes, I’ll change that immediately, sir. Now myself and Barack, we talked a lot of the Undocumented Irish and their plight, as it were, and we were making great progress, they’re not an awful shower like the Muslims, you were dead right about them… we’ve only about 4 of them here” 
Trump: “I have no idea what a Demented Iris is. And I’m bored.” 
Silence for a number of seconds. 
Enda: “Our two countries enjoy a great trade relationship, we hope that continues” 
Trump: “I’m a business guy, the best business guy. You a business guy?” 
Enda: “I gave primary school teaching a go about 40 years ago” 
Trump: “This steak is great. Have you tried Trump steak? I’ll send you some, you’ll pay for it, but I’ll send it. If there’s maggots festering in it, that’s nothing to do with us. It’s the best steak.” 
Enda: “Okay, now I’ll have to put my foot down on corporation tax and other practices, Mr President, sir…” 
Trump: “Boring. I’m making America great again, and you’re taking up too much of my time. Anyway, if you’re in Clare, you should check my course and hotel, it’s beautiful, the most beautiful in the world. When I got there, this guy greeted me, and it was very Irish, probably the most Irish thing they’ve ever done for anyone”. 
Enda: “That was Michael Noonan, he’s my best friend…” 
Trump: “They had a red carpet out, beautiful women, the silliest music you could imagine, they let me do anything down there, they really did. All because of a few jobs. Except that damn wall…” 
Enda: (shouting) “You can have the wall!” 
Trump: “Who is this again?”",0
5077,The Lighter Side of Rick Owens - The New York Times,"YOU KIND OF WANT the fashion designer Rick Owens to be a monosyllabic, misanthropic recluse. It’s what the embodiment of his clothes should be, if we were going by some unwritten aesthetic script. After all, the fashion Owens presents four times a year, for men and women, on the grand Paris stage, isn’t free and easy. It isn’t simple. It often looks like rags: Precious fabrics, like cashmere, are pilled and laddered, and leather is repeatedly washed to give it the texture and appearance of a prehistoric animal’s skin. There is something monstrous about his gothic garments, with their strange, disturbing proportions attenuated and exaggerated, draped like ectoplasm clinging to thin limbs. When people wear them head to toe, as Owens’s most enthusiastic followers frequently do, they don’t look human. They look other. “Troll clothes for the most desperate lemmings in the fashion herd,” one observer wrote in 2008 on The New York Times’s On the Runway blog. Owens appreciated the sentiment so much that he ran the phrase on his website, alongside   plaudits from the rest of the fashion world. There is, however, a disconnect between Rick Owens the man and Rick Owens the fashion designer. In photographs, Owens looks arresting, even sinister, with his   black hair and shroudlike attire, like the Grim Reaper crossed with a West Coast surf bum. (He often wears   shorts and sneakers, which undermines the goth undertones.) His spiky, sharply drawn features appear a little cadaverous. Presented in print, Owens  —   generally quoted on topics such as death, renewal, creation  —   can come across like a prophet of the apocalypse. And those monstrous “troll clothes” he designs often seem, at first glance, cold and hard, solid carapaces of fabric, sharply cut and difficult to wear. “I miss archness,” he murmurs, as if by way of explanation. “I think there was an arch moment in the ’40s in fashion, and I’m thinking forward, thinking about fashion cycles  —   that’s kind of a good cycle to bring back. ” But there’s something unexpectedly soft about Owens, both the man and his clothes. In person, he’s preternaturally tanned (he holidays in the United Arab Emirates, “the shortest flight to the most sun”) and his voice, a languid Californian drawl, redolent of the state where he lived until the age of 42, softens his doomsday portents. It adds both a humanity and a note of wry humor that collapses any perceived pretension. And in person, those clothes collapse too, in on themselves, softly wrapping the body in protective layers of felted fabric and down padding. Up close, his arch silhouettes prove light and pliable to the touch, seductive. In the middle of the last century, the couturier Cristóbal Balenciaga was first applauded, then deified by the fashion press for achieving the selfsame, and his approach influenced an entire generation of designers. Owens’s technique has stealthily proved just as influential. Balenciaga probably didn’t compare an especially visceral bunch of drapery to anal prolapse, as Owens has. But then he also, to my knowledge, didn’t confess to an interviewer that he dyes his own hair. “I’m thinking I better shut up now,” Owens says, almost as an aside. The delivery is so deadpan it begs for a punch line. “Is it possible for designers to talk too much, do you think?” He smiles, but thankfully doesn’t stop talking. Owens is 55, and was born in Porterville, Calif. a small city in the San Joaquin Valley. He moved to Los Angeles after graduating high school, originally studying fine art at the Otis Art Institute of Parsons School of Design, then dropping out after two years. “I wanted to be an artist at the beginning,” he says. “But then I didn’t think I had it in me. I didn’t think I had the intellectual stamina for it, so I decided to be a fashion designer, because that was frivolous and easy. ” Owens smiles wider. He is, again, deflating the myth that has grown around him. He doesn’t take himself as seriously as his work would lead people to believe. Unlike many fashion designers, however, Owens is able to articulate, precisely and vividly, what he’s trying to do with his clothes, namely talk about those big, overarching themes affecting humanity, and offer something different in the fashion landscape. When he talks, he makes you take him seriously. And he likes to talk. We meet in Paris to discuss his men’s wear which, perhaps even more so than his women’s wear, is revolutionary, and has proved groundbreaking in its influence. In a soupy sea of mediocre suiting and sportswear, he offers something entirely different from other designers. He boldly experiments with fabric and silhouette, pushing boundaries of sexuality and gender. Owens is as likely to propose a dress for a man as for a woman, but without sacrificing manliness in favor of runway novelty. “My stuff seems to attract guys that I think might want to consider themselves some kind of heroic lone wolf, kind of playing by their own moral codes,” Owens says, slowly. “I was thinking about men’s fashion, I was thinking in the ’80s Calvin Klein, he promoted male sexuality . .. males as an object of sexual attention. That was what happened then, and then in the ’90s men’s fashion was a reaction to that and it became about youth. It became skinny and slim and young and introspective and vulnerable. Now, what is now?” He stops. “If the last cycle was vulnerability, the obvious reaction would be heroism. ” Heroism for Owens isn’t about the   jacket or   pants. It isn’t about any cliché of dressing. Owens has created collections inspired by Nijinsky’s performance in “Afternoon of a Faun,” and by the athletic silhouette of Fred Astaire. In both he used drapery instead of tailoring, garments twisted and captured in motion, seemingly frozen in frenzied, balletic movement. He also jokingly stated a collection was inspired by “tops” and “bottoms”  —   not the garments, but rather the words denoting sexual preference in the gay vernacular. (Owens is bisexual.) For spring, Owens produced a remarkable collection, pumped with   colors of putty pink, peppermint and sulfuric yellow. But it was the silhouette that made the strongest impact: jackets abbreviated high on the torso, pants billowing organically around the leg, like a fusion of languid ’30s styles  —   Owens loves that period  —   and   skater trousers. It seemed totally out of place at a moment when other men’s wear designers showed either generic sportswear or predictably straight suiting. Owens isn’t overtly interested in tailoring, the linchpin of the masculine wardrobe since the early 19th century. You seldom see anything approaching a suit jacket in his shows. “I’m not going to be [who] somebody trusts for tailoring over Dior,” Owens says. “Even one of my partners. For his wedding, he wore Dior!” What he does offer is an alternative to the general thrust of fashion. And it’s seductive. His business is relatively small. His turnover is approximately $140 million, paltry when compared to the   luxury behemoths. But it’s perfectly formed. “My mantra for everybody is better, not bigger,” he says. “But it’s hard. When there’s a group of people together, they’re thinking of the team, and you want to win. Sometimes commercial success is a little bit more tangible than aesthetic success. ” Yet for all those disparaging comments about fashion lemmings, and the hordes of devotees clustered outside Owens’s shows in his most extreme looks, a core of his business comes from older, fashionable women and men, for whom a   asymmetric Rick Owens jacket is the dernier cri of   elegance. He also has a substantial celebrity following, although he doesn’t care about things like that. He’s often dubbed a “cult designer. ” “I hear the word cult used a lot,” he admits. “Which means you have a following, but you never hit the popular big time. ” But by his own estimation, Owens is not a cult designer. Like the Chanel jacket in the ’50s, his leather biker jacket has become part of a uniform of our times. Pay attention, and you’ll see it endlessly copied. Owens’s output is prodigious. Alongside his men’s and women’s runway lines and their commercial offshoots, he creates two accessibly priced secondary lines: Lilies, a range of   women’s wear, and Drkshdw, a more unisex streetwear incarnation that began as a denim collection. He also has a fur line, Hunrickowens. (From 2003 to 2006, Owens was the creative director at the French furriers Revillon Frères.) Owens designs nearly every facet of a contemporary wardrobe  —   outerwear and sportswear, accessories and shoes. Or, rather, redesigns it. His sneakers, produced with Adidas and retailing for several hundred dollars a pair, don’t look like other sneakers. With odd protrusions of rubber or leather, they resemble fossilized animal remains strapped to the body. His gloves sometimes have wings of leather, like dorsal fins. He also designs furniture. His dramatic pieces resemble great altars of Carrara marble or prehistoric slabs of    petrified wood. A bed he designed looks like a sarcophagus crafted from alabaster, and weighs over a ton. Even Owens’s toilets, in each of his three homes, look like chalices of marble. OWENS’S FASHION EXPERIENCE began in the commercial world of Los Angeles. After dropping out of art school, he worked for a factory that copied designer clothing in shoddier fabrics. In 1994, he started his own line, selling directly to retailers. He didn’t stage his first show in New York until 2002. A year later, he relocated to Paris. He still doesn’t speak French, which he doesn’t mind. “I was just as isolated in Los Angeles as I am in Paris,” he says. Owens is somewhat reclusive: He doesn’t go out much, his life revolving around his home, the gym and a couple of nearby restaurants. He lives and works in a single building, the former headquarters of the French Socialist Party, on a grand square opposite the French parliament. The only windows in his studio overlook the quiet, deserted garden of the former Ministry of Defense. Here, his aesthetic is complete. The floors and many walls are raw concrete. Owens gutted the building when he moved in, but didn’t do much else. Raw wires hang from the ceiling. I’ve visited him here three times, in three different years. Eventually I understood I wasn’t standing in the middle of a renovation. It was already complete. Owens lives with his wife of a decade,   Michèle Lamy, who is a creative force behind many of Owens’s endeavors. She codesigns a jewelry line with Loree Rodkin under the Owens umbrella named Hunrod (“Hun” is Owens’s pet name for Lamy, combined with Rodkin’s surname). She also collaborates with Owens on the design of his furs, and on his acclaimed furniture line, an exhibition of which is currently on view at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles. She walks in halfway through our discussions, clad head to toe in Rick Owens. Her teeth glisten with gold, her fingers are tattooed and stained black. Together, they look remarkable  —   fascinating and terrifying in equal measure. They seem perfectly at home in Owens’s odd clothes among a grouping of their anthropomorphic spindly chairs that resemble something out of “Beetlejuice. ” “The furniture thing is really about completing . .. ” Owens stops, then continues: “Of completely creating my own planet. ” Near Owens’s studio window, a huge altarpiece of a table holds an arrangement of stone blocks, flowers and a skull. It looks eerily like a memento mori painting. He begins to talk about the darker themes within his work. His father, John, a former social worker, died in 2015, aged 95  —   which prompted a series of introspective, somewhat nihilistic collections. “How do you face decline gracefully?” he asks. “I suppose it was because of Dad declining and me getting older and me thinking about how we face change and all of that. Ecological change, and political threat. Me thinking, Isn’t all of this stuff maybe just supposed to happen?” He shrugs. “Our primal urge is to procreate. That’s one of the reasons that we’re on earth, our prime motivation is to procreate and to live forever. We’re doing our best to do both, so isn’t it inevitable that we just overcrowd it until something else happens? We just kill ourselves off? Something’s got to evolve. ” These are seldom ideas connected to fashion nor ideas fashion designers willingly talk about. “It’s sociology and anthropology,” he says. “It’s just the way  —   that’s what happens in real life. In real life, the act of creation is defying death. I think it’s just that dumb and simple. ”’ ”Preamble aside, Owens isn’t feeling particularly dour. It’s early December, and he’s planning his fall 2017 men’s wear collection, which he’ll show a month later in Paris. He named his previous two collections “Mastodon” and “Walrus. ” They concentrated on the primordial, with thoughts about mankind going the way of the dinosaurs. This season the theme is “Glitter. ” “It’s going to be about joyful abandon,” he says. The show is inspired by glam rock, full of   silhouettes with a theatrical bent, a hint of Bowie, possibly meeting Wagner, whose music Owens loves. There are lots of operatic trains. It doesn’t contain sequins, or beading or, indeed, any glitter. “Sequins in a collection called ‘Glitter,’’u2009” says Owens, making a face at such banality. He’s saving the embellishment for his next collection, he says. It’s going to be called “Dirt. ” “It was what can be as transgressive as possible for me,” Owens says. “Whenever I do anything transgressive, it’s never out of anger or just provocation. There’s usually something well intentioned, there’s a   spirit behind it. ” Owens pauses. He’s worried he’s talking too much again.” ’“It’s just going to start getting corny,” he reasons. “But there is another side of me that’s thinking not everybody reads those things. Not everybody is reading everything, so you should take every opportunity to put a positive message out whenever you can. ” Joy as transgression. It’s a fitting summary of Owens’s work, which, for all its subversion winds up feeling like a celebration of the power and energy of creativity. That Times comment on Owens’s website, disparaging his output, closed with the refrain: “A line needs to be drawn whereby credit is given to collections that deserve it. Too much talk is spent on too little. ” I’d argue that is precisely why Owens warrants such consistent applause. His collections deserve to be talked about, by us, and by Owens himself. They’ll be talked about by future generations, too, if Owens proves to be the Cristóbal Balenciaga of our time. Producing designs that defy fashion and challenge physics, turning the hard into soft, the cold into warm, blending masculine and feminine, he very well may be. “I always think that the act of creation is your fight for immortality,” Owens says. “The energy of resisting death, and trying to be remembered in the best possible way. ” He says it lightly. Then he stops talking.",0
5078,New study suggests that religious people have less understanding of the world,"Tue, 25 Oct 2016 15:07 UTC © Getty Images The researchers compared believers in God to people with autism, saying both struggle to distinguish between the physical and the mental. Religious people are more likely to have a poorer understanding of the world and are more likely to believe objects like rocks and paper have human qualities, scientists say. Researchers at the University of Helsinki compared believers in God or the paranormal to people with autism after finding they tend to struggle to understand the realities of the world around us. Religious beliefs were linked with a weaker ability to understand physical and biological phenomenon such as volcanoes, flowers, rocks and wind without giving them human qualities. Believers were more likely to think that inanimate objects such as metal, oil, clothes and paper can think and feel, and agree with statements such as ""Stones sense the cold"". Marjaana Lindeman and Annika Svedholm-Häkkinen, who completed the study, said: "" The more the participants believed in religious or other paranormal phenomena, the lower their intuitive physics skills, mechanical and mental rotation abilities, school grades in mathematics and physics, and knowledge about physical and biological phenomena were... and the more they regarded inanimate targets as mental phenomena"" . The study defined ""mental"" as having human characteristics such as thoughts and sprit. Researchers said their findings suggest people's lack of understanding about the physical world means they apply their own, human characteristics to the whole universe, ""resulting in belief in demons, gods, and other supernatural phenomena "". This confusion between mental and physical qualities ""has [also] been recognised mainly among ancient people and small children"", they added. The scientists compared religious believers to people with autism, saying both struggle to distinguish between the mental and the physical, although autistic people are at the opposite end of the spectrum because they often see the world as entirely physical and struggle to understand the mental state of others. Ms Lindeman and Ms Svedholm-Häkkinen asked 258 Finnish people to report how much they agreed that ""there exists an all-powerful, all-knowing, loving God"" and whether they believed in paranormal phenomena such as telepathy and visions of the future. They then matched their answers with a range of other factors, including exam results, survey answers and performances on different tests. They also found that people who believe in God and the paranormal are more likely to be women and tend to base their actions on instinct rather than analytical thinking. Previous studies have suggested religious people tend to have a lower IQ and are more likely to believe literally in what scientists called ""bullshit statements"" including phrases like ""Earth wants water"" and ""Force knows its direction"". However, they are also found to be happier and have greater life satisfaction than non-believers and are seen as more generous and trustworthy. Comment: Despite the overly materialistic view of the researchers (even quantum physics can seem a little mystical) the brains of religious people have bee found to work 'differently'.",0
5079,"Re: WE’RE NOT NASTY! Like all Democrats, Sally Kohn proves how little she thinks of women with this tweet","WE’RE NOT NASTY! Why does Sally Kohn hate women so much? Posted at 4:56 pm on October 27, 2016 by Sam J. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
So tired of the notion that women have to be nasty to make a dent in this world, that women have to be hateful or mean to get things done. 
Women who do not live life as a caricature are fully capable of getting “sh*t” done without having to be unkind, mean, disingenuous OR nasty. 
And the fact that Sally Kohn and other Democrats don’t get this is just more evidence of how little they really think of women in general. 
Take for example this tweet from Sally herself: 
— Sally Kohn (@sallykohn) October 27, 2016 
Oh look a mom with her daughter instilling in her the same awful idea, that women have to be nasty to get something done. Trending The McAuliffe -- FBI -- Clinton payoff story just got a whole lot worse 
Stupid. Moms are fully capable of teaching their daughters how to get things done without being horrible. Of course that probably just confuses the Left but the stereotypical “ME WOMAN ME ROAR” is ridiculous in the real world and most moms know this. 
Awww, but then the Left doesn’t really live in the real world now do they? @sallykohn @RebeccaSoffer And exactly what has Hillary gotten done? 
— Calamity Jan (@janetbfitzgeral) October 27, 2016 
Besides set women back years with this nonsense about being nasty? 
She did leave four Americans to die in Benghazi and illegally keep a server in her home before deleting tens of thousands of emails, but we digress.",0
5080,"24 Killed, Mostly Civilians, as Indian, Pakistani Forces Trade Fire in Kashmir","Both Blame Other Side for Fueling Tensions Along Line of Control by Jason Ditz, November 01, 2016 Share This 
One villager in the area described the situation as like a “ full blown war, ” as Pakistani and Indian troops have exchanged a growing amount of fire across the Line of Control in Kashmir. The latest firing began on Friday and has continued to grow ever since. 
Both sides are accusing the other, as usual, of starting the situation, and civilians living along the LoC are being evacuated in growing numbers. Since Friday at least 24 people have been killed in the firing , with the majority of them civilian bystanders. 
This is the latest dust-up along the LoC since September, when militants attacked Indian forces within Kashmir and India responded with raids across the LoC, getting into fights with the Pakistani military on the other side. 
Both sides say the latest firing from the other side was “unprovoked,” though in reality tensions have been boiling under the surface ever since the September incidents. The focus right now appears to be entirely on shifting blame for starting the fighting, with neither side seeming at all eager to stop firing. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
5081,"Tim Kaine, Mike Pence, Donald Trump: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. Mike Pence, the Republican, and Tim Kaine, the Democrat, squared off in the one and only   debate. It was hosted by Longwood University in Farmville, Va. a community still grappling with its role in civil rights history. Times reporters Maggie Haberman, Adam Nagourney, Ashley Parker and Alan Rappeport provided analysis, and we   statements made by the candidates. We also had Walter F. Mondale, the country’s 42nd vice president, chatting with us via emails throughout the debate. ____ 2. Hurricane Matthew made landfall, slamming into Haiti with winds of up to 145 miles an hour. The country has been battered by natural disasters over the last decade. The storm is expected to retain its intensity until at least Wednesday night, delivering heavy rains and damaging winds to other Caribbean nations as it moves north. Much of the East Coast is bracing for dangerous conditions later this week and weekend. ____ 3. When Donald J. Trump claimed a loss so big in 1995 that it could have let him avoid up to 18 years of income taxes, 500, 000 other taxpayers used the same maneuver to claim losses, too. Mr. Trump claimed a $916 million loss. The average loss for everyone else was $97, 600. An executive who was hired by Mr. Trump in 1990 described the work environment then as “like getting on the Titanic just before the women and children were moved to the lifeboats. ” The Trump campaign has threatened legal action against The Times for publishing parts of his tax returns, but legal experts think that might not be such an easy case to win. Our reporter, who found the documents in her mailbox, said in a podcast, “I honestly thought it was a hoax, because who mails you Donald Trump’s tax returns?” ____ 4. The second Nobel Prize of the year, for physics, was awarded to three   scientists who study matter that assumes strange shapes. David Thouless, F. Duncan Haldane and J. Michael Kosterlitz, all of whom work at universities in the U. S. were recognized for discoveries that are largely theoretical, but may have practical applications for electronics. The prize for chemistry will be announced on Wednesday, and the Peace Prize on Friday. Two more Nobel prizes will be announced next week. ____ 5. The Justice Department has gone after a tech company again. Earlier this year, it issued a subpoena to the maker of a widely used encryption app called Signal, seeking information about two phone numbers, then blocked the company from talking about it. But there wasn’t much information to give up. “The Signal service was designed to minimize the data we retain,” said Moxie Marlinspike, above, the founder of Open Whisper Systems, which makes the app. Tech companies have complained about government overreach in similar cases. ____ 6. Maria Sharapova, the Russian tennis star, will be allowed to return to the sport in April of next year. The world’s top sports court reduced her   suspension for a doping violation, saying the original penalty was too harsh. In baseball, the postseason kicked off tonight with the Toronto Blue Jays hosting the Baltimore Orioles (the Blue Jays won). We asked six of our sportswriters to offer their predictions. Most of them are not picking the Chicago Cubs. ____ 7. At high schools across the U. S. football players are adopting the controversial protest of Colin Kaepernick, the San Francisco 49ers quarterback who took a knee during the national anthem and now sits during its playing. “When Kaepernick kneeled, he gave us an outlet. He gave us something to do,” said Vicqari Horton, a junior at Aurora Central High School in Colorado. Over the weekend,   of his team’s players took a knee with him. ____ 8. On Monday, people in the U. S. will mark Columbus Day. In Canada, it will be Thanksgiving. If you didn’t know, well, neither do a lot of U. S. citizens. The centerpiece of the Canadian holiday dinner is turkey with stuffing and gravy, much as in the U. S. In fact, a lot of the food is pretty similar. But why do they have the holiday in the first place? “You were supposed to go to church and reflect on the blessings you and the country had received,” a historian explained. ____ 9. Fashion Week in Paris is wrapping up, although our critic is less than impressed. “It has been an unambitious finale to what had been shaping up as a strikingly political season,” Vanessa Friedman wrote. But she lauded the Alexander McQueen show for its reflection on unity, inspired by the Shetland Islands in Scotland. (The country is grappling with whether to leave Britain following Britain’s vote to leave the European Union.) “Sarah Burton sent out a beautifully argued case for the allure of unity,” Ms. Friedman wrote of the designer. ____ 10. Finally, how do you say email in Yiddish? Well, for a long time, you just didn’t. But a new     dictionary has published, updating the    language. Blitspost is the Yiddish word for email. Butt dialing? Use “alpi tokhes”  —   which literally means “by way of the backside. ” The new dictionary will be formally celebrated with a panel discussion and music at the Center for Jewish History in Manhattan next month. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
5082,G.O.P. Lawmakers Like What They See in Trump. They Just Have to Squint. - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Republican congressional aides have set their iPhones to flutter every time President Trump hurls a thunderbolt on Twitter. Senators nod politely at his false claims of mass voter fraud during private White House meetings. The congressional morning briefing literature now includes a rundown of overnight and   social media missives from the commander in chief. “It doesn’t take that long to read ’em,” said Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee. After three weeks in the White House, Mr. Trump has made clear that he is going to continue promulgating conspiracy theories, flinging personal insults and saying things that are plainly untrue. And the   House and Senate seem to have made a collective decision: They will accommodate  —   not confront  —   his conduct as long as he signs their   conservative proposals on taxes, regulations and health care into law. “There’s a widely held view among our members that, yes, he’s going to say things on a daily basis that we’re not going to like,” said Senator John Thune of South Dakota, the   Senate Republican, “but that the broad legislative agenda and goals that we have  —   if we can stay focused on those and try and get that stuff enacted  —   those would be big wins. ” Such accommodation is coming at a price, attracting incredulous or angry constituents to town hall meetings, leaving members   when presented with the latest presidential provocation and testing the capacity of now perpetually clogged phone lines on Capitol Hill. Some of this would have happened under any Republican president  —   lawmakers were quick to note the ferocity of protests under President George W. Bush. But much of it is unique to Mr. Trump, whose rampaging presidency has spurred uncommon civic engagement even in   districts. “What is your line in the sand?” a retired Utah teacher demanded last week of Representative Jason Chaffetz, the Republican chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, who slogged through a   forum back home. But at least for now, that is a price Republicans seem willing to pay. In effect, congressional Republicans have sought to compartmentalize Mr. Trump’s presidency, adopting a   approach. They reach for the more appealing offerings, such as the Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, and avert their gaze from less appetizing or, to some, downright indefensible elements (America is not so different from Vladimir V. Putin’s Russia) which would have surely drawn relentless rebukes if uttered by President Barack Obama. Some lawmakers take comfort knowing that the president’s behavior last year didn’t hurt their campaigns, and they have used the electoral result as a justification unto itself, suggesting  —   as Mr. Trump has constantly  —   that his campaign success validates his approach. “He’s a unique personality, to be sure,” acknowledged Senator John Cornyn of Texas, the Republican whip. “But he’s gotten this far the way he is, and I think that probably leads him to think, well, it’s working for him so far, so why change?” And Republican lawmakers do not mind? “As long as we’re able to get things done,” Mr. Cornyn said. Individual Republican senators have criticized the president in mostly isolated cases, none more vocally than Senator John McCain of Arizona, who blasted the president’s comparison between Mr. Putin’s extrajudicial killings and American conduct, and recently expressed concerns about a military raid in Yemen that resulted in the death of an American commando and multiple civilians. Often, the president has taken note  —   in brushback pitches that serve as warnings, if not to Mr. McCain, then to lawmakers who might emulate him. “He’s been losing so long he doesn’t know how to win anymore,” Mr. Trump wrote of Mr. McCain on Twitter on Thursday morning, calling to mind Mr. Trump’s suggestion during the campaign that Mr. McCain was not a war hero because he had been captured in combat. Hours later, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, went to the Senate floor and lamented the attacks on Mr. McCain and other Republicans. Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, then followed  —   and seemed far less bothered. “I personally wish he would choose his words a little more carefully,” Mr. Hatch said of the president. “On the other hand, I kind of find him refreshing, that he doesn’t take any guff from anybody. ” Privately, lawmakers and members of their staffs have pleaded with Mr. Trump’s inner circle for more discipline from the president and his White House. “We might talk to the vice president, but certainly not for public attribution,” Mr. Cornyn said of Vice President Mike Pence, who joins Senate Republicans once a week at their regular luncheons in the Capitol. By and large, though, Republicans in Congress are treating Mr. Trump as an individual to be worked around in his own administration. “I think we can get a lot done with the people around him,” Mr. McCain said, dismissing policy pronouncements from Mr. Trump that often differ from “the day before. ” Practically patting Mr. Trump on the head, Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee, said, “If he pays attention to people like General Kelly when he’s doing a travel restriction and if he appoints people like Neil Gorsuch when he’s making appointments, he’ll be rewarded for that by all the praise, and maybe he’ll do more of it. ” (Former Gen. John F. Kelly is the Homeland Security secretary.) In hopes of repairing their relationship with Congress after the botched rollout of the travel ban, Mr. Trump’s aides have aggressively courted congressional Republicans. In addition to Mr. Pence with his weekly visits, Marc Short, Mr. Trump’s chief legislative liaison, has already become ubiquitous in the Capitol. And powerful senators are enjoying significant attention: Mr. McCain, the Armed Services Committee chairman, said he had already had three conversations with Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser, and a breakfast with Jim Mattis, the defense secretary. Mr. Hatch, who is chairman of the Finance Committee, had a   meeting with Mr. Trump in the White House. And Mr. Alexander, the chairman of the health and education panel, was invited to the White House last Thursday for lunch with Mr. Trump. Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, said there was “a high level of satisfaction” with the new White House, insisting that members cared little about “the daily tweets. ” The deflection is bicameral. When a reporter recently noted that the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, had often declined to weigh in on the “tweet of the day,” Mr. Ryan lit up. “You got my talking points down already!” he said, before gently fielding a question about Mr. Trump’s attacks on the federal judge who halted his travel ban. “Look, he’s not the first president to get frustrated with a ruling from a court,” Mr. Ryan said with a shrug. While the détente between an   president and its   leaders on Capitol Hill may seem wholly transactional, some Republicans say the fury on the left toward Mr. Trump along with the denunciations from many news outlets has helped forge his bond with the voters that he and congressional Republicans share, particularly in the   House. When the president addressed congressional Republicans at their retreat in Philadelphia last month, Mr. Trump’s aside about news coverage  —   “nothing fair about the media,” he said with a sneer  —   earned perhaps the most enthusiastic applause. “While it may upset The New York Times, Hollywood, the cast of ‘Hamilton’ and the groups marching in the streets, it is not upsetting to the constituents that elected these members and senators,” Sam Geduldig, a Republican lobbyist, said of Mr. Trump’s behavior. “There is a feeling that if those groups are against you, you’re doing the right thing. ” More skeptical Republicans believe that lawmakers are deluding themselves if they treat Mr. Trump as a normal president  —   quirky but tolerable, like a colorful uncle at Thanksgiving dinner. “They’re mostly ignoring him, humoring him occasionally while the rest of the family gets along fine, enjoys the turkey and watches the game,” said William Kristol, the former editor of The Weekly Standard. “But he’s not just a bit player or a guest. He’s the president. ” And in the Capitol, he can never be ignored for long. Strolling to a meeting last week, Mr. Corker was asked about the latest Trump controversy: The president had just attacked the retailer Nordstrom for dropping his daughter Ivanka’s accessories and clothing line. The senator flashed a broad smile. “Did he really?” he asked.",0
5083,Obama Just Did Something To Spite Trump On The President-Elect’s Very First Visit To The White House,"By Jameson Parker Election 2016 , Politics November 10, 2016 Obama Just Did Something To Spite Trump On The President-Elect’s Very First Visit To The White House   
Nobody is more disgusted and disappointed in the election results than President Barack Obama, whose legacy of progress is poised to be undone overnight by a belligerent con man. And apparently the first meeting between current and future presidents was off to a rocky start – culminating with Obama abruptly breaking with tradition and not giving Trump the satisfaction of a publicity win on this sad day. 
According to reporters at the White House , Obama cancelled a planned “photo op” with Trump shortly after meeting him, depriving the president-elect of the chance to appear alongside the current president and gain an air of legitimacy. 
The Obamas canceled a photo-op of the current and future first couples outside the south entrance of the White House. In his first visit to the White House after the 2008 election, Mr. Obama and first lady Michelle Obama posed for the cameras alongside President George W. Bush and first lady Laura Bush. The decision not to participate in this tradition illustrates how bitter the campaign was, particularly for Mrs. Obama who delivered some of the most emotional arguments against electing Mr. Trump. 
It may also suggest that Obama’s first meeting with Trump went about as badly as expected. The president had hoped to press Trump on the importance of governing the country with a semblance of dignity, as well as making the case that spending his first day in office signing a bunch of executive orders to erase Obama’s legacy out of spite would be a horrific start to his time in office. It appears that Trump was not in the a mood to listen. 
Mr. Earnest said Mr. Obama would go through with Mr. Trump the policies he has implemented that he hopes his successor won’t undo. But Mr. Trump is expected to attempt to unravel much of Mr. Obama’s legacy, with plans to reverse his policies on health care, climate change, immigration and government regulations, and to dramatically shift his foreign-policy approach. 
The fact that Obama would break this tradition – a symbolic gesture of the peaceful transition of power – implies he is keenly aware that the man about to take over is a walking, talking disaster. A pathological liar and narcissist who has surrounded himself with a team of goons that he can count on to tell him what he wants to here and claw their way up his coattails at every chance. No photo op is going to change this tragedy from unfolding. 
Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
5084,How I Learned to Tolerate Blake Lively - The New York Times,"The other day, I bolted out of work eager to see a woman about a shark. And that woman hadn’t carried a movie in a while. So I ran, saying, “Kate Hudson, here I come!” Please don’t ask me to explain. I just like Kate Hudson. At her best, she’s got a hardened,   way of carrying her share of witless romantic comedies (“Something Borrowed”)   bayou horror (“The Skeleton Key”) and the worst movie I’ve ever seen (“Bride Wars”). She’s not an   star that way. The movie stinks, regardless of what she’s doing in it. And, to her credit, she’s not there to make friends. Usually, she’s come to win. And for every sucker like me who thinks that she, Matthew McConaughey and the rest of that dumb, yachty caper “Fool’s Gold” actually hold up eight years later, there are 10 people who think that title pretty much sums up the Hudson experience. I feel bad for those people. But, as it turns out, I can’t tell you how much I enjoyed the movie about Kate Hudson and the shark because, less than four minutes into “The Shallows,” I realized that Kate Hudson wasn’t in it. Really, it’s worse than that. It’s a Kate Hudson movie that actually stars Blake Lively. Who knows how this happened? Out of the corner of my eye, I probably caught an ad, saw that it starred a blonde and just had a “Fool’s Gold” attack. But you know that moment when you realize that you’ve made a horrible, nontrivial mistake  —   like leaving your wallet in a cab, or showing up a week too soon for a destination wedding? I was that guy at “The Shallows”: excited to see a movie that doesn’t exist and seated too far in the middle of the row to do anything about it. So I stayed. The first scene introduces Ms. Lively’s   a shark rampaging in Mexican waters. The second scene introduces Ms. Lively  —   as a vacationing American surfer (Nancy Adams from Galveston!) getting a ride from a local stranger who either ignores her or changes the subject anytime she asks the name of the remote, obviously deadly spot they’re headed toward. (To be honest, I don’t think I could bring myself to say, “Jaws Beach,” either.) Anyway, he drops her off she slips on her strategically    wet suit and heads into the water. Yada yada yada: The shark attacks, and she and her maimed thigh are stranded on a dead whale, then a buoy rusty enough to leave you itching for a tetanus shot. With the right star, this sort of “stuck out here all alone” thriller is a gift from movie studio heaven: Man, I hope Sandra Bullock figures out that Russian   manual so she can get back to Earth. But with the wrong star, it’s like reading that manual. And Ms. Lively is a   sort of star. I, at least, struggle to understand her career. Her performance as a junkie in “The Town” features the “Bride Wars” of Boston accents. Her performance in “The Age of Adaline”  —   as a woman “cursed” to stay 30 forever  —   was like watching a mermaid ride a bike. She tries. But her acting hasn’t yet caught up to her   beauty. Alas, there may be no algorithmic solution for that. So I was less than psyched at the prospect of seeing her shiver on a buoy, stitch her own wounds, talk to animals or play a Nancy. And, as refreshing as it is watching her stand on a surfboard, it’s refreshment that provides some perspective. While some actors make sense on movie screens, there are others who might make better sense on a can of something  —   beer, beans, air. I can hear you, Hudson skeptics. And all I can say is that the heart wants what the heart wants. I’d actually buy whatever Ms. Hudson was on the can of. There might be no appreciable industrial difference between what a Kate Hudson can do versus your Blake Livelys. I don’t think they’re interchangeable, but sometimes the movies beg to differ, and the market corrects itself. Don’t fall in love with Mark Harmon, because here comes Kevin Costner. And sell your Brad Rowe stock, because he’s just going to be replaced by Brad Pitt. (In the late 1990s, that pretty much happened.) But there are continuums, too. Channing Tatum, for instance, is a more elastic,    Brendan Fraser upgrade. Lots of parts that have gone to Ms. Lively feel as if Ms. Hudson could have played them. But something happened, and suddenly it was someone else’s turn to be “it. ” (It’s always someone else’s turn.) And part of what annoys me about the lack of Kate Hudson in my life and the surfeit of Ms. Lively is the same thing that makes me angry when a perfectly good piece of software gets a superfluous update, or a zealous waiter takes my plate at a restaurant: I wasn’t done with that. Lots of people are fine with seeing Ms. Lively in something called “The Shallows. ” (They appreciate the wink.) At the end of June, it was America’s    movie, continuing the year of good fortune for her and her husband, Ryan Reynolds, another actor who struggled to find his lane as a star, settling for “disfigured   hero” in the surprise winter blockbuster “Deadpool. ” And yet, I have to believe that some of those “Shallows” tickets were sold to people who’d never seen a movie like this and assumed the shark was going to win. I feel bad for those people, too. Laziness kept me in my seat. So did the possibility that the movie might make a “Psycho”  switch and have Nancy’s useless friend  —   who looks like a brunet Blake and is only seen on Nancy’s phone  —   take over the second half. But Todd Haynes didn’t direct “The Shallows. ” Jaume   did, and he knows his way around decent junk. He made a couple of those “stop taking my stuff” movies that Liam Neeson does: “Run All Night” and the magnificently bonkers “ . ” So Ms. Lively also gets to explore her inner Neeson  —   maybe even her inner Sigourney Weaver, Tom Hanks in “Cast Away” and, with that   Rambo. Even if she can’t act, she also can’t lose. And that’s the thing about the “stuck out here all alone” genre: Anybody can do it. Ms. Lively’s   list here includes swimming, shooting flares, eating little crabs and speaking aloud her thoughts. (“Where are you taking me?” she asks the shark.) Physical fitness wins the day, and Ms. Lively is very physically fit. But a movie like this, if it’s written even   can be rigged for triumph. Unlike Ms. Hudson, Ms. Lively seems to need to be liked. She’s up against an enemy that refuses to settle for snacking on that whale carcass and has to keep coming after her. And you don’t begrudge the will to survive, even if it’s just to keep surfing. So when Ms. Lively makes thinking faces to devise a way back to the beach and delivers a   “” it feels almost inhuman not to at least grip your armrest, at least a little. I still wish Kate Hudson were in this movie. What can I say? I wanted “Fool’s Gold. ” But I didn’t mind getting plain old pyrite, either.",0
5085,A Friend Lied About Dylann Roof’s Massacre Plan. Now He’ll Go to Prison. - The New York Times,"CHARLESTON, S. C.  —   Joseph C. Meek Jr. a friend of Dylann S. Roof’s who spent time with him in the weeks before nine people were killed at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church here, was sentenced Tuesday to 27 months in prison for hampering and misleading the federal authorities in the aftermath of Mr. Roof’s racist massacre. The punishment, handed down by Judge Richard M. Gergel of Federal District Court, was at the low end of the sentencing guidelines, which called for Mr. Meek to spend from 27 to 33 months in prison. The months that he spent in a county jail after his arrest will count toward his federal sentence. Before the sentence was announced, a tearful Mr. Meek said he was not sure whether he would survive prison, and he apologized to family members of Mr. Roof’s victims, some of whom had gathered for the hearing. “I’m really sorry a lot of innocent lives were taken,” said Mr. Meek, who had previously expressed remorse in handwritten letters in which he asked for forgiveness. But Judge Gergel, speaking at a hearing that lasted more than two hours, said Mr. Meek’s crimes warranted prison. “The danger he exposed to the community is extraordinary,” he said. Mr. Meek’s lawyer, Deborah B. Barbier, expressed concern that her client would be forced to spend his sentence in solitary confinement because of security risks. Judge Gergel said the federal Bureau of Prisons could be trusted to protect him. “It’s an odd, inverse logic that I should not incarcerate him because inmates think so lowly of him,” the judge said. Mr. Meek, 22, pleaded guilty last April to two federal counts related to the truthfulness of his responses to the F. B. I. in interviews shortly after the shooting on June 17, 2015  —   misprision of a felony and making a false statement to a law enforcement officer. Misprision refers to the failure to report a known crime. The government did not prosecute Mr. Meek for failing to disclose knowledge of Mr. Roof’s plans to attack the church, although it asserted in court filings that his silence “did deprive law enforcement of the opportunity to intervene. ” During a night of drinking and drug use about a week before the shootings, Mr. Roof told Mr. Meek that he wanted to kill black people at a historic African Methodist Episcopal church in Charleston in order to start a race riot, according to F. B. I. summaries of interviews with him. Mr. Meek was concerned enough to hide Mr. Roof’s handgun after he fell asleep but later returned it and did not report the threat to law enforcement. “Certainly defendant’s failure to make an earlier report is tragic and deeply regrettable, but his failure to report was not a violation of federal criminal law,” Judge Gergel wrote last week in an order that denied prosecutors’ request to give Mr. Meek a longer term than recommended in sentencing guidelines. Ms. Barbier said in a presentencing filing that it was “hypocritical and disingenuous” for prosecutors to suggest that Mr. Meek was somehow to blame for the killings. “Joey’s failure to appreciate the seriousness of Roof’s statements is not unusual in today’s shock value culture,” she wrote. In court on Tuesday, a defense witness said Mr. Meek’s connection to the Charleston massacre would make him a “  target” in prison. “He’ll have to be kept separate from other inmates  —   not because of what he did, but because he has some relationship to a heinous crime,” said the witness, James Aiken, a former warden for the South Carolina prison system. The case against Mr. Meek matters both as a lesson about reporting suspicions and for the insight he provides into Mr. Roof, who represented himself at times at trial and blocked the admission of any evidence about his background or psychology. As a result, the trial in December and January, which ended in a death sentence for Mr. Roof, provided little information about what may have incited him to act so violently on his racist beliefs. Mr. Meek has said in various law enforcement interviews and court appearances that he first met Mr. Roof, who grew up near Columbia, S. C. in middle school. They largely lost touch when Mr. Roof moved away but reconnected via Facebook on May 22, 2015, less than a month before the massacre. Mr. Roof began hanging out at the trailer where Mr. Meek lived with his girlfriend and other family members. One night in early June, after consuming vodka, marijuana and cocaine, Mr. Roof told Mr. Meek of his support for segregation and his desire to “do something big and put South Carolina on the map,” Mr. Meek told the F. B. I. He said that he had been planning the attack for six months and that he hoped to carry it out on a Wednesday because fewer people would be at church. He told Mr. Meek he would then kill himself. Mr. Meek dismissed the seriousness and did not notify the authorities. Mr. Meek learned about the shootings soon after Mr. Roof opened fire and discussed his fears with a friend, Dalton Tyler, telling him not to contact the police. Mr. Tyler held off that night. But the next morning, as a photograph of Mr. Roof from a church security camera began circulating, Mr. Tyler became the first person to call a police tip line and identify the gunman, according to a search warrant. Mr. Roof was arrested later that morning in North Carolina with the murder weapon in the back seat. In his initial F. B. I. interview, Mr. Meek denied having known of Mr. Roof’s plans and said Mr. Roof had not spoken of a target for his attack, according to Assistant United States Attorney Julius N. Richardson. But in a second interview, Mr. Meek admitted that he had lied, according to an F. B. I. synopsis of the session. He also admitted that on the night of the shootings, after concluding that Mr. Roof was responsible for the attack, he told others not to contact law enforcement. In his conversations with investigators, Mr. Meek described Mr. Roof as a shy former altar boy who did not have many friends but was not a social misfit. His parents, who were divorced, lived in houses with swimming pools and gave him most anything he wanted, Mr. Meek said. He did not perceive Mr. Roof as depressed or as having an anger problem. When Mr. Meek was first charged and agreed to a plea deal, the expectation was that he would testify in Mr. Roof’s trial about the killer’s premeditation and planning. But the government’s case on that score was strong without Mr. Meek, and neither side called him as a witness. Mr. Richardson declined to comment on Tuesday, as did the relatives of Mr. Roof’s victims who attended the sentencing. Mr. Meek, who will remain free on bond until he reports to prison, has told the authorities that he thinks about the carnage every day and that he has trouble sleeping nearly two years after Mr. Roof’s killing spree. “I truly in my heart didn’t take him seriously and I wish I would have,” Mr. Meek, a   dropout who worked in construction, said in a written statement. “I didn’t believe he could do something so awful and cruel. ”",0
5086,Russia Has a Dead Nuclear Submarine (Armed With Nuclear Weapons) Sitting at the Bottom of the Ocean - Kyle Mizokami,"Bias bashers Russia Has a Dead Nuclear Submarine (Armed With Nuclear Weapons) Sitting at the Bottom of the Ocean 
A fascinating vessel and a heroic captain both met tragic ends Originally appeared at The National Interest 
In the mid-1980s, the Soviet Union constructed a super submarine unlike any other. Fast and capable of astounding depths for a combat submersible, the submarine Komsomolets was introduced in 1984, heralded as a new direction for the Soviet Navy. 
Five years later, Komsomolets and its nuclear weapons were on the bottom of the ocean, two-thirds of its crew killed by what was considered yet another example of Soviet incompetence. 
The history of the Komsomolets goes as far back as 1966. A team at the Rubin Design Bureau under N. A. Klimov and head designer Y. N. Kormilitsin was instructed to begin research into a Project 685, a deep-diving submarine. The research effort dragged on for eight years, likely due to a lack of a suitable metal that could withstand the immense pressures of the deep. In 1974, however, the double-hulled design was completed, with a titanium alloy chosen for the inner hull. 
Project 685, also known as K-278, was to be a prototype boat to test future deep-diving Soviet submarines. The Sevmash shipyard began construction on April 22, 1978 and the ship was officially completed on May 30, 1983. The difficulty in machining titanium contributed to the unusually long construction period. 
K-278 was 360 feet long and forty feet wide, with the inner hull approximately twenty-four feet wide. It had a submerged displacement of 6,500 tons, and the use of titanium instead of steel made it notably lighter. It had a unique double hull, with the inner hull made of titanium, that gave it its deep-diving capability. The inner hull was further divided into seven compartments, two of which were reinforced to create a safe zone for the crew, and an escape capsule was built into the sail to allow the crew to abandon ship while submerged at depths of up to 1,500 meters. 
The submarine was powered by one 190-megawatt OK-650B-3 nuclear pressurized water reactor, driving two forty-five-thousand-shipboard-horsepower steam-turbine engines. This propelled it to a submerged speed of thirty knots, and a surface speed of fourteen knots. 
The sub had the MGK-500 “Skat” (NATO code name: Shark Gill) low-frequency passive/active search and attack spherical bow array sonar system, the same sonar used in today’s Yasen-class attack submarines, which fed into the Omnibus-685 Combat Information Control System. Armament consisted of six 533-millimeter standard diameter torpedo tubes, including twenty-two Type 53 torpedoes and Shkval supercavitating antisubmarine torpedoes. 
The submarine joined the Red Banner Northern Fleet in January 1984 and began a series of deep diving experiments. Under Captain First Rank Yuri Zelensky the submarine set a record depth of 3,346 feet—an astounding accomplishment considering its American equivalent, the USS Los Angeles class, had an absolute maximum depth of 1,475 feet. Crush depth was estimated at approximately 4,500 feet. The submarine had a special surfacing system, “Iridium,” which used gas generators to blow the ballast tanks. 
The Soviet Navy considered K-278 invulnerable at depths greater than one thousand meters; at such depths it was difficult to detect and enemy torpedoes, particularly the American Mark 48, which had a maximum depth of eight hundred meters. Although the submarine was originally to be a test ship, it was eventually made into a fully operational combat-ready ship in 1988. It was given the name Komsomolets, meaning “member of the Young Communist League.” 
On April 7, 1989, while operating a depth of 1266 feet, Komsomolets ran into trouble in the middle of the Norwegian Sea. According to Norman Polmar and Kenneth Moore , it was the submarine’s second crew , newly trained in operating the ship. Furthermore, its origins as a test ship meant it lacked a damage-control party. 
A fire broke out in the seventh aft chamber, and the flames burned out an air supply valve, which fed pressurized air into the fire. Fire suppression measures failed. The reactor was scrammed and the ballast tanks were blown to surface the submarine. The fire continued to spread, and the crew fought the fire for six hours before the order to abandon ship was given. According to Polmar and Moore, the fire was so intense that crewmen on deck watched as the rubber anechoic coating tiles coating the outer hull slid off due to the extreme heat. 
The ship’s commanding officer, Captain First Rank Evgeny Vanin, along with four others, went back into the ship to find crewmembers who had not heard the abandon ship order. Vanin and his rescue party were unable to venture farther—the submarine was tilting eighty degrees headfirst—and entered the rescue chamber. The chamber failed to dislodge at first, but eventually broke free of the mortally wounded sub. Once on the surface, the abrupt pressure change caused the top hatch to blow off, throwing two crewmembers out of the chamber. The chamber, as well as the captain and the rest of the rescue party, sank under the waves. 
Only four men had been killed in the incident so far, but after the submarine sank many men succumbed to the thirty-six-degree (Fahrenheit) water temperatures. After an hour the fishing boats Alexi Khlobystov and Oma arrived and rescued thirty men, some of whom later succumbed to their injuries. Of the original sixty-nine men on board the submarine when disaster struck, forty-two died, including Captain First Rank Vanin. 
Komsomolets sank in 5,250 feet of water, complete with its nuclear reactor and two nuclear-armed Shkval torpedoes. Between 1989 and 1998 seven expeditions were carried out to secure the reactor against radioactive release and seal the torpedo tubes. Russian sources allege that during these visits, evidence of “unauthorized visits to the sunken submarine by foreign agents” were discovered.",0
5087,"For Helping Immigrants, Chobani’s Founder Draws Threats - The New York Times","By many measures, Chobani embodies the classic American immigrant success story. Its founder, Hamdi Ulukaya, is a Turkish immigrant of Kurdish descent. He bought a defunct yogurt factory in upstate New York, added a facility in Twin Falls, Idaho, and now employs about 2, 000 people making Greek yogurt. But in this contentious election season, the extreme right has a problem with Chobani: In its view, too many of those employees are refugees. As Mr. Ulukaya has stepped up his advocacy  —   employing more than 300 refugees in his factories, starting a foundation to help migrants, and traveling to the Greek island of Lesbos to witness the crisis firsthand  —   he and his company have been targeted with racist attacks on social media and conspiratorial articles on websites including Breitbart News. Now there are calls to boycott Chobani. Mr. Ulukaya and the company have been taunted with racist epithets on Twitter and Facebook. Fringe websites have published false stories claiming Mr. Ulukaya wants “to drown the United States in Muslims. ” And the mayor of Twin Falls has received death threats, partly as a result of his support for Chobani. Online hate speech is on the rise, reflecting the rising nationalism displayed by some supporters of Donald J. Trump, who has opposed resettling refugees in the United States. “What’s happening with Chobani is one more flash point in this battle between the voices of xenophobia and the voices advocating a rational immigration policy,” said Cecillia Wang, director of the Immigrants’ Rights Project at the American Civil Liberties Union. Chobani and Mr. Ulukaya declined to comment for this article. The Trump campaign did not reply to a request for comment. Mr. Ulukaya arrived in upstate New York in the 1990s to attend school. By 2002, he was making and selling feta cheese inspired by a family recipe. A few years later, he learned that a local yogurt and cheese factory that had closed was for sale. He received a loan of $800, 000 from the Small Business Administration to purchase the factory, and started selling Chobani yogurt in 2007. As the business grew, Mr. Ulukaya needed more help. When he learned there was a refugee resettlement center in a nearby town, he asked if any of the newcomers wanted jobs at Chobani. Mr. Ulukaya provided transportation for the new hires, and he brought in translators to assist them. He paid the refugee workers salaries above the minimum wage, as he did other workers at the factory. When Chobani opened its factory in Twin Falls, Mr. Ulukaya once again turned to a local resettlement center. The company now employs resettled refugees from Iraq, Afghanistan and Turkey, among other countries. “The minute a refugee has a job, that’s the minute they stop being a refugee,” Mr. Ulukaya said in a talk he gave this year. Today, Chobani has annual yogurt sales of around $1. 5 billion. Last year, Mr. Ulukaya signed the Giving Pledge, promising to give away a majority of his fortune to assist refugees. Chobani and the other companies working with refugees are not exploiting them, said Jennifer Patterson, project director for the Partnership for Refugees, a federal program. “It’s the exact opposite,” Ms. Patterson said. “These companies are looking to provide resettled refuges with the ability to live happy and productive lives. ” Chobani’s work with refugees went largely unnoticed until this January, when Mr. Ulukaya spoke at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. His message  —   that corporations needed to do more to assist refugees  —   broke through the   rhetoric. “He was quite a sensation there,” said Kenneth Roth, executive director of Human Rights Watch, who attended the event. “Here was someone who went beyond the   chatter of Davos and was walking the walk. ” Cisco, IBM, Salesforce and more joined others in pledging assistance to refugees. Those companies and others began working with the Tent Foundation, which Mr. Ulukaya founded last year. Chobani has pledged to help other companies learn how to effectively integrate refugees into a work force. But while an alliance of   companies was now working together on the issue, the online critics zeroed in on Chobani. Shortly after Mr. Ulukaya spoke in Davos, the   website WND published a story originally titled “American Yogurt Tycoon Vows to Choke U. S. With Muslims. ” Then this summer, Breitbart, the conservative news website whose former executive chairman, Stephen K. Bannon, is now running the Trump campaign, began publishing a series of misleading articles about Chobani. One drew a connection between Chobani’s hiring of refugees and a spike in tuberculosis cases in Idaho. Another linked Chobani to a “Twin Falls Crisis Imposed by     Advocates. ” A third conflated Chobani’s hiring practices with a sexual assault case in Twin Falls involving minors. As Breitbart began publishing its articles, the online attacks grew more intense. On Twitter and Facebook, users called for a boycott of Chobani. An image was widely shared on social media that claimed Mr. Ulukaya was “going to drown the United States in Muslims and is importing them to Idaho 300 at a time to work in his factory. ” And bloggers fabricated stories claiming that Chobani was pressuring local officials “to facilitate their multitude of Muslim   requests. ” Soon the mayor of Twin Falls, Shawn Barigar, found himself at the center of a conspiracy theory. “It got woven into a narrative that it’s all a   that we’re all trying to keep the refugees safe so that Chobani has its work force, that I personally am getting money from the Obama administration to help Chobani hire whoever they want, that it’s part of this Islamification of the United States,” he said. “It’s crazy. ” As the online comments escalated this summer, Mr. Barigar and his wife received death threats. Breitbart said it was simply covering the news. “Breitbart has been a leader in delivering important and breaking news on refugee crises throughout the Western world, which pose both national security and financial risks,” Alex Marlow, editor in chief, said in a statement. “Mr. Ulukaya hasn’t merely involved himself in this issue, he’s been one of the leaders in expanding refugee resettlement in the United States. Breitbart’s explosive growth is due in large measure to the mainstream media’s refusal to cover vital topics like this one. ” But civil rights advocates said they believed it was no mystery why Mr. Ulukaya was targeted while other chief executives had been spared. “It’s because he’s an immigrant himself,” Ms. Wang of the A. C. L. U. said. Mr. Roth of Human Rights Watch attributed some of the xenophobia directed at Chobani to the election season. “Some people are feeling left behind, and some people are concerned about terrorists,” he said. “But Trump has given a voice to these sentiments. ” Mr. Barigar, a Democrat, concurred. “Donald Trump really fueled a sentiment about immigration that is shared by a very small part of our community,” he said. “We are an agricultural center. We’ve depended on immigrants for a   or more. ” Mr. Ulukaya appears undeterred. In September, he participated in a   discussion with President Obama and business leaders on how corporations could do more to help refugees. And his work with refugees is part of a broader suite of initiatives. He recently gave 10 percent of Chobani shares to his employees, and he is offering paid parental leave to all employees. “He’s the xenophobe’s nightmare,” Mr. Roth said. “Here’s an immigrant who isn’t competing for jobs, but is creating jobs big time. It runs completely counter to the   narrative. ”",0
5089,Outdoor Clothing Giant Patagonia Pledging to Lead Resistance to President Donald Trump,"The CEO of outdoor clothing giant Patagonia is burnishing her   bona fides again, this time saying she intends to pledge her entire company to the “resistance” of President Donald Trump. [Patagonia CEO Rose Marcario recently attacked President Trump for his statements about rolling back President Obama’s unusually aggressive campaign of confiscating millions of acres of state lands and claiming them as “national monuments. ”  “We have to fight like hell to keep every inch of public land,” Marcario said in a May article at Huffpost. “I don’t have a lot of faith in politics and politicians right now. ” In an effort to prevent citizens from retaking possession of their state lands, one of her immediate actions will be to sue the Trump administration for its efforts to scale back Obama’s unprecedented land grab. “A president does not have the authority to rescind a national monument,” Marcario said in an April 26 statement after Trump announced his national monuments order. “An attempt to change the boundaries ignores the review process of cultural and historical characteristics and the public input. ” In particular, the Trump administration is preparing to revisit Obama’s order to create the Bears Ears National Monument. In April, Trump issued an executive order requiring the Department of the Interior to review Obama’s actions on national monuments. Ordering Interior Secretary Ray Zinke to review Obama’s policies in April, President Trump called Obama’s move an “egregious abuse of federal power. ” Many state governments fully agree with Trump’s assessment and were furious when Obama swooped in from Washington and stole away millions of acres of land from state control to create new national monuments and parks. A poll of residents of Utah, for instance, showed that 60 percent opposed Obama’s land grab, while only 33 percent supported it. Along with the possible lawsuit, Marcario said Patagonia would use its profits to back   candidates in states throughout the West. This is far from the first time the sportswear company pledged its profits to political matters. Last year, the   company spent over $1 million for a     campaign to defeat Donald Trump and Republicans. But, despite its acclaimed   activism, Patagonia has a troubled history of its own, having been tied to human trafficking and child labor in its supply chain. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston, or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
5090,Do Nike’s New Shoes Give Runners an Unfair Advantage? - The New York Times,"The shoes came in the colors of a tropical drink, lime and orange and pink, as if the logo ought to be an umbrella instead of a Nike swoosh. You half expected the insoles to smell of rum and coconut. If the color scheme suggested frivolity, race results did not. The shoes cushioned the feet of all three medalists in the men’s marathon at the Rio Olympics last summer. Later, in the fall, they were worn by the winners of major marathons in Berlin, Chicago and New York. The latest shoe designs have produced fast times and impressive results in international races. But they have also spurred yet another debate about the advance of technology and the gray area where innovation meets extremely vague rules about what is considered unfair performance enhancement for the feet. Where to draw the line of permissible assistance? Many sports have struggled with the answer. Swimming allowed     suits, then banned them after the 2008 Beijing Olympics because they gave an unfair advantage in buoyancy and speed. And track and field wrestled with the issue of prosthetic blades worn by the South African sprinter Oscar Pistorius. The latest issue is shoes. Track’s governing body, the International Association of Athletics Federations, said in an email that it had received a number of inquiries about elite runners’ wearing new designs made by various companies. Its technical committee will meet within two weeks to “see if we need to change or review approvals. ” Bret Schoolmeester, Nike’s senior director for global running footwear, said, “We’re very confident we’re doing things within the rules and above board. ” On Tuesday, Nike unveiled a new shoe, a customized version of the one worn by the marathon winners in Rio de Janeiro and other recent   races, as part of the company’s bold  —   some say gimmicky  —   attempt to break two hours in the marathon in early May. Adidas, whose shoes have been worn by the last four men to set the world marathon record, also recently unveiled a shoe for its own, less publicized attempt to lower the current record from 2 hours 2 minutes 57 seconds to 1:59:59 or faster. George Hirsch, the chairman of New York Road Runners, which organizes the New York City Marathon and more than 50 other races, said everything from elite races to   competitions could be affected by the latest shoe technology. It would be impossible to check the shoes of hundreds or thousands of runners before each race, he said. “This is a game changer, in the sense that if the shoe companies get patents and these shoes go onto the market, and they’re in wide use, it does make you wonder if it’ll be a level playing field if people can use these advantages,” Hirsch said. All shoes are considered to enhance performance. Otherwise, everyone would run barefoot. But at what point is the line of inequitable advantage crossed? No one seems to know precisely. “It’s quite a fun ethical sports technology area that we’re heading into,” said Ross Tucker, an exercise physiologist from South Africa who writes the Science of Sport, a blog that is widely followed in running circles. When tennis rackets went from wood to metal, he said, “I bet they were having the same discussion. ” The Nike shoe used by medalists in the Olympics, which will retail in June for $250, is called the Zoom Vaporfly. The shoe to be used for the Breaking2 project, as Nike calls its effort to crack the   mark in marathoning, is a customized version called the Zoom Vaporfly Elite, which the company refers to as a “concept car” model. Three East African marathon runners sponsored by Nike, including the 2016 Olympic champion Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya, will attempt to break two hours on a Formula One racetrack outside Monza, Italy. Nike has said the attempt will not meet all of the requirements necessary for a certifiable record. Some critics have accused Nike of staging a publicity stunt, or a marketing campaign, instead of a credible sporting event. The runners will wear shoes that have been individually tuned, as if they were violins. The question is whether the shoe model used in the Olympics, and in   marathons, along with the new version, conforms to the footwear standards of the I. A. A. F. which are imprecise. The shoes weigh about 6. 5 ounces and feature a thick but lightweight midsole that is said to return 13 percent more energy than more conventional foam midsoles. Some runners have said the shoes reduce fatigue in their legs. Embedded in the length of the midsole is a thin, stiff   plate that is scooped like a spoon. Imagined another way, it is somewhat curved like a blade. The plate is designed to reduce the amount of oxygen needed to run at a fast pace. It stores and releases energy with each stride and is meant to act as a kind of slingshot, or catapult, to propel runners forward. Nike says that the   plate saves 4 percent of the energy needed to run at a given speed when compared with another of its popular racing shoes. If accurate, said Tucker, the South African sports scientist, that is “the equivalent of running downhill at a fairly steep gradient” of 1 to 1. 5 percent. “That’s a massive difference,” he added. The I. A. A. F. finds itself inundated on many fronts, like corruption, doping and the permissible levels of testosterone in female athletes. And it has long appeared ill equipped to define what should be allowed on the legs and feet of runners. This occurred most notably in the case of Pistorius, the   runner who won a ruling in an international sports court to be eligible to compete in the 400 meters against   runners at the 2012 London Olympics. (Pistorius is serving a   sentence for the murder of his girlfriend in 2013.) In 2007, during the Pistorius track case, the I. A. A. F. introduced a rule prohibiting technical aids that use springs or wheels, which seemed aimed at his use of     blades. That year, Spira Footwear said its running shoes were banned because of spring technology that the federation deemed improper. But the federation’s rules have become more ambiguous since Pistorius prevailed in the Court of Arbitration for Sport. The I. A. A. F.’s Rule 143 now says that shoes “must not be constructed so as to give an athlete any unfair additional assistance, including by the incorporation of any technology which will give the wearer any unfair advantage. ” What constitutes an unfair advantage? It is not explained. The rule does say that “all types of competition shoes must be approved by the I. A. A. F. ” But Nike said that it was unaware of any formal approval process and that shoe companies do not routinely submit their shoes for inspection. Nike officials said they were working closely with the I. A. A. F. on course design and drug testing for the Breaking2 project and would be “sharing” the shoes with the governing body. They also noted that   soles have been used before in the running shoe industry. “We’re giving our athletes a benefit within the rules as they’re written,” said Schoolmeester, the Nike executive, adding, “We’re not using any sort of illegal springs or anything like that. ” Tucker, an exercise physiologist at the School of Medicine of the University of the Free State in Bloemfontein, South Africa, said he thought the Nike shoe “probably should be illegal” because it purports to act as a spring. If it were banned, he said, it should be done in conjunction with a rewriting of the I. A. A. F.’s vague rules. Nike’s fastest marathon runner to date, Kenenisa Bekele of Ethiopia, belongs to a competing project to break two hours, organized by Yannis Pitsiladis, a sports scientist in England. At the Berlin Marathon in September, Bekele wore the Zoom Vaporfly and ran the   marathon ever in 2:03:03. He plans to wear the same model to make a world record attempt at the London Marathon in April. This year, Pitsiladis had a CT scan performed on the shoes that Bekele wore in Berlin. That’s when he first noticed what appeared to be a   plate in the midsole. Because the plate appears to be a springlike device, Pitsiladis said, he expected the shoe to be banned. But as long as it is not, Bekele plans to continue to use it. He said through Pitsiladis that he liked the cushioning and the fact that his calf muscles did not get sore on long runs. “Will he be allowed to use it” in London, asked Pitsiladis, a professor of exercise science at the University of Brighton in England. “Or, after the race, will someone tell me the world record is no longer valid because you used a banned shoe?” Runners who competed against those who wore Nike’s Zoom Vaporfly in the Olympics and other major marathons are also curious to learn more about the shoe. “Athletes should be upset” if it’s illegal, said Hawi Keflezighi, the agent and brother of Meb Keflezighi, the 2004 Olympic marathon silver medalist from the United States. “But at the same time we’ve always believed in innocent until proven guilty. ” Meb Keflezighi finished second to Galen Rupp at the 2016 Olympic trials before struggling through the race at the Rio Games with stomach problems. He wears Skechers. Widespread doping is a more urgent concern for his brother than shoe technology, Hawi Keflezighi said, but he added: “What’s the tipping point? Where a shoe company says, well, we’re crossing the line here because we have a spring in our shoes or whatever?” In truth, some experts said, debate about Nike’s latest shoes may only help increase sales to joggers and   marathoners. A less expensive model than the Olympic shoe, with similar technology, goes on sale in June for $150. “To me, it’s kind of a compliment when you are delivering a big enough benefit that people are starting to ask, is this unfair?” Schoolmeester said. “We don’t believe it is, but that’s pretty flattering. ” Jos Hermens, a former Dutch   runner whose management company represents Kipchoge, the Olympic champion, Bekele and other top marathon runners, said he would be “surprised and disappointed” if the latest model were banned. The sport should continue to welcome technological advances, he said, just as it did when tracks upgraded from cinder to synthetic rubber, pole vault poles evolved from bamboo to fiberglass and shoes began to incorporate air bladders and gels for cushioning. “We’re not living in medieval times,” Hermens said. “There are going to be new techniques and materials. It’s time to show something to go forward instead of tipping backward. ”",0
5091,Sanders: My Republican Colleagues Are ’Cowardly’ - Breitbart,"While discussing the Republican health care plan at a live Facebook event, Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said Senate Republicans were “cowardly. ”  Sanders said, “Our Republican colleagues are so cowardly, are so frightful that the American people will learn what’s in their legislation, that they refuse to have one hearing, one open discussion, about it. ” (  Grabien) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5092,Re: 55 Reasons Why California Is The Worst State In America,"55 Reasons Why California Is The Worst State In America   December 12th, 2012 
Why in the world would anyone want to live in the state of California at this point? The entire state is rapidly becoming a bright, shining example of everything that is wrong with America. It is so sad to watch our most populated state implode right in front of our eyes. Like millions of Americans, I was quite enamored with the state of California when I was younger. The warm weather, the beaches, the great natural beauty of the state and the mystique of Hollywood all really appealed to me. At one point I even thought that I wanted to move there. But today, hordes of Californians are racing to get out of the state because it has become a total nightmare. It is the worst state in the country in which to do business, taxes were just raised even higher, unemployment is more than 20 percent higher than the national average and the state government is drowning in debt. Meanwhile, poverty, gang activity and crime just seem to get worse with each passing year. On top of everything else, the insane politicians in Sacramento just keep on passing more laws that make the problems that the state is facing even worse. Unfortunately, what is happening in California may be a preview of what is coming to the entire nation. The old adage, “as California goes, so goes the nation”, has been proven to be true way too many times. 
In dozens of different ways, the state of California is showing the rest of us what not to do. Will we learn from their mistakes, or will we follow them into oblivion? Please share the list below with as many people as you can. In addition to a large amount of new research, this list also pulled heavily from one of my previous articles and from outstanding research done by Richard Rider . The following are 55 reasons why California is the worst state in America… 
1. One survey of business executives has ranked California as the worst state in America to do business for 8 years in a row . 
2. In 2011, the state of California ranked 50th out of all 50 states in new business creation. 
3. According to one recent study, California is the worst-governed state in the entire country. 
4. Thanks to Proposition 30 , California now boasts the highest state income tax rate in the nation. 
5. Even though California just raised taxes dramatically on the wealthy, state revenues are falling like a rock . State revenue for November 2012 was 10.8 percent below projections. 
7. California has the 8th highest corporate income tax rate in the country. 
8. California has the highest “minimum corporate tax” in the country. Each corporation must pay at least $800 to the state even if a corporation does not make a single dollar of profit. 
9. California is tied with New York for the highest gasoline tax rate in the country. 
10. California is the only state in America that taxes carbon emissions . 
11. The state of California issues some of the most expensive traffic tickets in the nation. This is another form of taxation. 
12. As of October, only Nevada and Rhode Island had higher unemployment rates than California. 
13. The unemployment rate in California is more than 20 percent higher than the overall unemployment rate for the rest of the nation. 
14. The state of California requires licenses for 177 different occupations (the most in the nation). The national average is only 92. 
15. California teachers are the highest paid in the nation, but California students rank 48th in math and 49th in reading . 
16. California accounts for 12 percent of the U.S. population, but a whopping 33 percent of Americans that receive TANF (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families) live there. 
17. Only the state of Illinois has a lower bond rating than the state of California does. 
18. Including unfunded pension liabilities, the state of California has more than twice as much debt as any other state does. 
19. Average pay for California state workers has risen by more than 100 percent since 2005. That is good news for those state employees, but it is bad news for the taxpayers that have to pay their salaries. 
20. More than 5,000 California state troopers made more than $100,000 last year. 
21. One highway patrol officer ended up bringing home almost $484,000 in 2011. 
22. One state psychiatrist in California was paid $822,000 in 2011. 
23. Since 2007, the number of children living in poverty in the state of California has increased by 30 percent . 
24. Sadly, an astounding 60 percent of all students attending California public schools now qualify for free or reduced-price school lunches. 
25. The American Tort Reform Association has ranked the state of California as the worst “judicial hellhole” in America. 
26. Businesses all over the state of California are being absolutely suffocated to death by ridiculous regulations. 
27. According to the Milken Institute, operating costs for California businesses are 23 percent higher than the national average. 
28. According to CNN , the state of California had the worst “small business failure rate” in America in 2010. It was 69 percent higher than the national average. 
29. The number of people unemployed in the state of California is roughly equivalent to the populations of Nevada, New Hampshire and Vermont combined . 
30. Residential customers in California pay about 29 percent more for electricity than the national average. 
31. So many poor people and illegal aliens have taken advantage of the “free” healthcare at emergency rooms that many of them have been forced to shut down in California. As a result, the state of California now ranks dead last out of all 50 states in the number of emergency rooms per million people. 
32. Political correctness is totally out of control in California. 
33. One California town is actually considering making it illegal to smoke in your own backyard . 
34. The traffic around the big cities is horrific. 
35. Los Angeles 
40. The rampant gang activity in the state gets even worse with each passing year. 
41. Crime continues to rise all over the state. 
42. Just recently, the city attorney of San Bernardino, California told citizens to “ lock their doors and load their guns ” because there is not enough money to pay for adequate police protection any longer. 
43. The murder rate in San Bernardino is up 50 percent this year. 
44. In Oakland, burglaries are up 43 percent so far this year. 
45. Today, Oakland is considered the 5th most violent city in the United States. 
46. There have been more than 250 gold chain robberies in Stockton, California just since the month of April. 
47. In Stockton, the police budget cuts got so bad that the police union put up a billboard at one point with the following message : “Welcome to the 2nd most dangerous city in California. Stop laying off cops.” 
48. Jerry Brown. 
49. The absolutely insane California state legislature. 
50. Wildfires. 
51. Mudslides. 
52. The state of California lies directly along the infamous “ Ring of Fire “. Approximately 90 percent of all the earthquakes in the entire world happen along the Ring of Fire and the “Big One” could hit the state at any moment. 
53. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, approximately 100,000 more people moved out of the state of California in 2011 than moved into it. 
54. During 2011, more than 58,000 people moved from California to the state of Texas . 
55. Overall, the state of California has experienced a net loss of about four million residents to other states over the past 20 years. Sorry Protesters: Your Jobs Are Being Sent To China And They Aren’t Coming Back » Mark 
We left California in 2001. That was the best move we ever made. California would be a beautiful place with about 5 million people. Give then all to texas. Mondobeyondo 
California is a beautiful state. Nice place to visit. Wouldn’t want to live there though. Jagrick 
It sure is. Northern California is about the most beautiful place in this country. I would never want to live in LA. I have been there several years ago and it had a creepy feeling so nowadays i assume it’s even worse. San Diego back in the 80’s was absolutely beautiful. Joseph Kool 
You don’t get out much do you Jarrett Wilson 
was going to say the same thing! California is UGLY, it’s bests and I mean absolute best is up north. rest is crap The Truth 
Yeah Yosemite is such crap isn’t it? Only perhaps the most beautiful place in the lower 48 but yeah it’s crap. richard 
DEPENDS ON WHERE YOU LIVE. I WOULD AVOID THE BIG CITIES BUT TO BE HONEST THE BIG CITIES ALL OVER THE COUNTRY HAVE TROUBLE. THE PROBLEM WITH CALIF IS THERE ARE 37,+ MILLION PEOPLE LIVING HERE.AND THERE ARE QUITE A FEW BIG CITIES!! WERE OVER RAN WITH ILLEGALS THAT CAN’T SPEAK ENGLISH AND THERE KIDS ARE BEHIND BECAUSE OF THAT, THIS IS THE REASON OUR TESTS SCORES ARE SO LOW. I HAVE LIVED ALL OVER THE COUNTRY AND CALIF HAS IT’S BAD POINTS BUT I WOULDN’T LIVE ANY PLACE ELSE. I CAN BE AT THE BEACH IN 45 MIN. I CAN GO TO THE SNOW IN 45 MIN AND LEAVE IT THERE AND GO TO THE DESERT IN 45 MINS. ELECT RATES ARE HIGHER BUT WE DON’T USE AS MUCH GAS I SPENT 15 DOLLARS THIS MONTH CAN ANYONE ELSE OUT OF STATE SAY THAT..MY ELECT WAS 48 DOLLARS AND I DON’T LIVE IN A SHACK,. I THINK THIS BLOG IS A LITTLE UNFAIR..I THINK GASOLINE IS HIGHER IN HAWAII THEN NEW YORK OR CALIF #41 CRIME IS GOING UP EVERYWHERE. #50-51-52 YOU DON’T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT MUDSLIDES IF YOU DON’T LIVE IN THE HILLS. FIRES, DIDN’T HALF OF COLORADO BURN DOWN THIS YEAR HOW ABOUT NEW MEXICO.VERY FEW FIRES HERE THIS YEAR. EARTH QUAKES YEP WE GET THEM. WE DON’T GET FLOODS VERY MUCH HERE AND NOT TO MANY TORNADO’S. YOU HAVE YOUR PROS AND CONS Handog 
You can get your point across without using all caps. Easier to reed as well. quercus454 
As a Calif native much of what you say is true. Population increases by a mostly low educated foreign population is probably one of the biggest contributors to the state’s decline. While many people rightfully assume that Ca is the illegal alien capital of the country, legal immigrants contribute a larger amount towards population growth. With current immigration rules not refining who we allow in, many legal immigrants are not much better educated then the illegal variety. Lack of education means lower incomes that pay little in the way of taxes and because an immigrant is legal they are eligible for social services. 
The children of foreign born immigrants, both legal and illegal often require special ESL classes that cost the taxpayer extra. Some districts have ESL teachers for more then 4 or 5 languages. Population growth has rewarded California with over crowded class rooms and failing students. 
Increased population has swamped government resources that were designed to handle a population half today’s size. Whether it be social services, infrastructure needs, health care or the judicial system, all have been adversely affected by increased numbers of people. More people needing more resources leads to two things: rising costs and shortages. 
California is the canary in the coal mine. It is a perfect example of what happens when you continually add more and more people who contribute less then they take. Along with feel good government policies to garner votes and the high taxes to support those policies you have California, a failing state. 
Who is to blame? The people of not only California, but the people of the entire country. While the voter’s in Ca certainly carry a majority of the blame, immigration is supposedly a federal concern. The Federal government is supposed to regulate immigration and secure the border. Current and past politicians have neglected and even obstructed meaningful enforcement of immigration laws.The repeated re-election of the same inept/corrupt people has put California in the hole and the rest of the country on the edge. 
California is a warning. Continually electing people who have no regard for the citizens of this country, who place their own careers above what is best, the rest of the country will mirror Ca. arizonadiane 
Excellent post. You are so right, and the blame really does go back to our increasingly inept and wasteful federal governement Randy Townsend 
CA resident here who agrees with your take on the situation. The government, however, accurately reflects the public’s embrace of the leftist agenda. Higher taxes, enormous deficits, and greater spending are exactly what Obama is going to give the rest of the country. Take a good look, America: CA is YOUR future. liberranter 
Now if only you could keep them confined to the state that they’ve made such a mess of. They made their proverbial bed hard, now LET THEM SLEEP IN IT! molon_labe 
Lot of them moving to Texas, and immediately try to turn it to commiefornia. So, you move because commieforniaI a disaster, and now you wamt to do the same thing here? Roaches I tell you. Feed and move on is what they do. Durgys Ramirez 
Totally AGREE with You on the Roaches part. Mike McCormack 
I hope those that try to escape the blight leave behind their voting habits. Donald 
We do vote against this crap but we are over run by voter fraud, illegals and libtard indoctrinated schools. Now they just voted for $15 an hour to flip burgers which = Junior Web Developer right out of college. I’m moving to Texas because I feel I have better support numbers and don’t feel like such an outkast. By moving to Texas I will help make sure Libtard philosophies don’t spread to the other states. PS I wasn’t born in california either! Plus I love Guns! JustanOguy 
And take a look at how many people are bailing out of California. 600,000+ population decrease last year. 
It’s obviously not working out too well… 
Just to be clear: I’m not endorsing it. As an extreme conservative, I haven’t been represented in government for years. DW 
Your numbers are all wrong. That many may have left, but they were replaced by the 1 mill illegals welcomed in by Obama and company. Your mama 
Sounds good, lets burn one to celebrate LazyIke 
This is a good commentary. What we have seen is thousands of former Midwesterners who moved here after WWII leave and being replaced will illegals from south of the border many of whom are illiterate in Spanish and drop out of high school at high rates and reproduce at high rates. Sugarsail1 
good post, but another major contributor is the same thing that killed Detroit; unfunded union pension liabilities is a GIANT expense as well. Unions hijacked the government long ago and we are reaping what we sow. kayaker 
Good grief….you don’t have a freaking clue what’s going on if this is what you actually think. No wonder the country’s in such deep trouble. Durgys Ramirez 
Totally AGREE with your Post. cherylmeril 
Don’t write in all caps, it’s hard on the eyes. You aren’t being read richard Ana Hernandez 
in all honesty, lol. I skipped over your post to. read hers and went back to find out what she was referring to. i don’t care either way, but in my case it was true, I skipped over the post in all caps. sorry. it makes you seem angry so people don’t listen [or read] what you said. honestly…i still haven’t read it.lol richard 
it is easy for me to type with the cap locks on. broke my pinkie in a motor cycle accident about 14 years ago and it really hurts to reach that shift key with that finger. sorry i have offended so many. i will just type with out it on. of course i won’t capitalize like a lot of you. hope that doesn’t offend anyone. CHiP 
Wait, you only have one pinkie? Or, one of those crappy keyboards, with only one shift key. I don’t like those keyboards – you can’t even type a capital letter if you’ve got a broken pi… oh, wait. (Pssss, Richard, we won’t tell anybody, but “motor cycle” is one word.) Marian 
I read your post in caps. I didn’t give a hoot how you wrote it. lol…it’s just letters. I was planning on moving there.. was interested to see what people had to say. I already live somewhere with the highest taxes and fuel consumption, but starting a business here is amazing. I figured I’d go there once my business can settle me down. I live in Quebec. 
I don’t capitalize always.If I missed it then it stays lower case. richard 
sounds good to me. Life is to short to worry about the small stuff. danny 
Who the %@#! writes in all caps anymore! I refuse to even read it. JustanOguy 
I love California…. to visit. I live in Nevada and visit California all the time but it’s really gone downhill over the past 20 years and I don’t see it getting any better. (Quite frankly, I’m visiting less and less nowadays because all of the taxes on everything is going through the roof.) 
I guess the 600,000+ other people that bailed out of California last year don’t see it getting any better either. Rod 
I was born in SoCal. Family left when I was about to enter elementary school. My two older sisters were already in the horrible schools system with rampant gang activity even back in the mid 60’s! I went back after graduating college to start a career. Left again in 1992 and have never looked back. I lived in the Bay Area (San Jose), LA area (Long Beach) and San Diego. I will NEVER live there again and do not even like to visit. Sugarsail1 
I’m a Cali native and very disappointed with my home state as well. Other than my elderly mother and the nice weather I have no reason to be here and have been looking to move but I don’t know where. I’ve seriously considered Mexico…any recommendations? BGenie 
Good for You to Never Look Back. California is All Corrupted anyways. Willowville 
The illegals are there to fill the low-wage employment gap. Education has little to do with it. There are plenty of college-educated people earning low pay. Jordan 
WERE OVER RAN WITH ILLEGALS THAT CAN’T SPEAK ENGLISH AND THERE KIDS ARE BEHIND BECAUSE OF THAT, THIS IS THE REASON OUR TESTS SCORES ARE SO LOW. 
Really? With this grammar, punctuation, and spelling you are targeting those who are learning a second language as being problematic? Work out your past participles, your contractions, the difference between “their” and “there,” and your English syntax in general before you start blaming others for low test scores. Andrew Taylor 
Broken caps lock key? Or do you simply believe bigger=better? Personally I find it annoying, grammatically incorrect, lazy and space consuming without a proper reason. I’d have to say I disagree with your logic on California. By agreeing with it I feel like you are agreeing with the problem with this country. Uncontrolled debt, corruption, lawful theft and crime is everywhere in California. How can you agree with that? CitizenX 
Don’t want you here. thomas moloian 
and i agree with you since my wife and i stuck here for now but will change within next 5 yrs. davidmpark 
Any chance Disnelyland might relocate to a better place? Like Texas or South Utah? It’d make life easier. Mondobeyondo 
Maybe Phoenix? We could use a decent amusement park around here. I’m tired of hunting lizards as a recreational activity. liberranter 
What, no rattlesnakes up in your neighborhood to hunt (I didn’t find any this year on my property either)? mleblanc138 
I’m happy as long as California doesn’t send their problems and policies up north to Utah. SLC/Provo is about a 10 hour drive away from SoCal, and yet the two are worlds apart. Unfortunately, Mexican drug cartels have set up grows on some remote land across Southern Utah. richard 
I LOVE SOCAL I WOULDN’T LIVE ANY OTHER PLACE BUT I LIVE 50 MILES EAST OF L.A. IN A SMALL AG COMMUNITY. Mondobeyondo 
Michael’s human, and being a human being, he has his hits and misses. Just like any of the rest of us. Believe me, I’ve had some misses as well. Not everyone is going to hit a home run 100 percent of the time. 
San Francisco has this reputation for being the liberal capital of America. Perhaps that’s true. I don’t know. I’ve never been up there. SoCal, I know rather well. Yeah, it’s different there – from what I understand, Los Angeles is to San Francisco, as Phoenix is to Flagstaff. Same states, vastly different communities. And no, I don’t believe everyone in San Francisco is gay or liberal. [Common misperception of an entire community]. MeMadMax 
Up in north california you have all the insane white people, down in the southern areas, you have, basically, mexico… 
What could POSSIBLY go wrong? lololololololol! And yes, I do live there, in Van Nuys, a sub of Los Angeles chilller 
A fence should be erected around CA to keep them all from leaving and bringing their poisonous ideas into Texas and other neighboring states. Those people moved there because they agreed with CA’s insane ideas. They’re only leaving because they have to but they still have those insane ideas stuck in their heads. Syrin 
Amen. We need to wall liberals in their own states and keep people from leaving and destroying their neighbors. Up north they’re called Massholes. They leave MA, then keep voting democrat in their new haven only to have the same end result. 
Liberals are truly too stupid to understand cause and effect, history, facts, figures or basic economic analysis. Bad_Mr_Frosty 
We need to put a scarlet letter on liberals so no matter where they go we know who they are and what they stand for. liberranter 
No tattooing is needed. Just spend sixty seconds in the company of one, and you’ll know by what they vomit out of their mouths what kind of creature you’re dealing with. Sheryl 
You’ve hit the nail on the head, Syrin (hope that reference isn’t considered too offensive or PC-incorrect, or deemed as promoting toolshed violence, for all you uber Liberals out there) Zen 
They have already ruined Nevada. My advise is keep them out! They are like a parasite. They have damn near killed their host and so they are leaving it and bringing their liberal disease with them. Next thing you know you’re a blue state. JustanOguy 
Spot on… they have ruined Clark Country / Las Vegas but the backlash has started. 
Libs are not welcomed in Nevada. The Dude 
Be careful what you wish for. 
As someone who lived in California I understand the sentiment. Living their transformed my political outlook. A poor man can live better in Montana, then a rich man can in California. name 
you know texas doesnt border california, right? Mondobeyondo 
True. It’s sad to see what’s happening on the Left Coast. Syrin 
When these liberal douche bags come to US for a bail out for their fiscal INSANITY, all endorsed by GARY, that’s when secession talks take on a SERIOUS tone. 
I for one think we should wall in the entire state. We would allow anyone or any business that did not vote for Obama or contribute to his campaign to leave. Otherwise, they have to STAY in their cesspool, and not go pollute their neighboring states, because as we all know, liberals are too stupid to understand cause and effect. We’d allow anyone to ENTER the state, but leaving would be very very difficult. 2Gary2 
secession is treason. How many dies in the civil war and now you d-bad repubes want to take your toys and go home. Grow the F up. Bad_Mr_Frosty 
Um, stealing all the wealth of the middle class and giving away all the nation’s jobs to Chinese and Mexicans is treason. If it takes secession or a revolution to end this nightmare, so be it. liberranter 
Please, don’t dignify the moron’s verbal vomiting by arguing with him. It’s beneath us. Jobless_1 
I don’t know about you, but I sure have a hard time finding a job in California. I don’t think that the state was a place to earn/find a living. I don’t know how to do gangsta stuff either so I suck. I guess I would have to join the military as the ticket out. I would settle in a colony/territory if necessary. SOS! One warning, beware of its ripping debt, it’s one of its plagues. Handog 
58 watch the video. “Chief Economist says CA. Is going in the right direction. LOL 
Thanks, I needed a good laugh since I just lost my job recently. 
The reverse gold rush will turn TX. Into CA. It’s a temporary safe haven at best. By the way, if you think the cost of living is cheap here in TX. Your in for a rude awakening. Rent, food, gas is sky high. Toll roads taxing you to death…. liberranter 
Having lived in various localities around the country over the last 30 years, I’ve come to the conclusion that the idea of disparate “costs of living” in Amerika is a myth. Honestly, I have not seen evidence of significant cost of living differences between, say, Arlington, Virginia and Albuquerque, New Mexico. The cost of living ANYWHERE in Amerika has become almost prohibitive – thanks in large measure to that moron Ben Bernanke and his Federal Reserve counterfeiting machine, aided and abetted by state and local political machines, Kalifornia’s being the absolute worst. Davethewave 
I had to comment on your job loss. Sorry you got fried. What could the reason be that you were canned. It must be because of your winning positive personality that we have observed. Perhaps it was your world views. Maybe your ideas on those God given rights you love to spew on about.It must have be great to be with you at lunch. I am sure your former co-workers miss you. Handog 
Liberals always use petty insults when they lose a debate. Pathetic. Davethewave 
If that comment is all you got then I just handed em to you. you still have not replied to my other question. Where can I find out about your God Given Rights. Handog 
Whatever Captain Kirk. Or should I say captain numnuts. LoL Davethewave 
You got nothiin get a job! Handog 
I give Michael an A + I don’t need statistics on everything. Perhaps you were truant the day your 8th grade class talked about the San Andreas fault. The one that runs right thru SF. It’s a real threat. Erin 
Then get the hell out and give the rest of us our much needed space. Oklahoma sounds like a good place for you… Richard 
“17. Only the state of Illinois has a lower bond rating than the state of California does.” Does what?? Again, don’t you mean, “Only the state of Illinois has a lower bond rating than that of California”? Richard 
“18. Including unfunded pension liabilities, the state of California has more than twice as much debt as any other state does.” Does what?? Don’t you mean, “Including unfunded pension liabilities, the state of California has more than twice as much debt than that of any other state”? El Pollo de Oro 
2Gary2: Thanks for that link. Thirty years ago, I would have laughed my head off if someone described the USA as a banana republic. Now, I call it The Banana Republic of America because in so many respects, that’s exactly what it has become. As I’ve often said, Canadians who want a visit a Third World banana republic needn’t travel far. All they have to do is keeping driving south until they cross the border. Gerald Celente is right: this is an UN-developing country. By the way, I noticed that Chile is the highest ranking South American country on that list. That makes sense because Chile and Uruguay are the least banana republic countries in South America (Argentina, sadly, shot itself in the foot, like the BRA). Hoppytoo 
Surely you know that JFK believed that lower taxes result in greater revenue. otter1111 
Gary, if you just read the article above, you can read about the state the liberals have been in charge of for many years. Many of the above facts are due to the liberal policies. California is in no way conservative, it’s pretty much completely run by liberals. Just like Detroit. This country really hasn’t been run by conservatives either. Obama had complete control in his first two years in office, with the house and senate having strong democrat majorities. Really Bush was not a fiscal conservative, and Obama is out of control as far as spending. What policies exactly are you talking about, anyway? And shouldn’t Obama have fixed them after 4 years? arizonadiane 
I was born and raised in Pacific Beach part of San Diego. In the 50’s-70’s it was wonderful. Then more people began to move in. Who wouldn’t want to live in beautiful San Diego. Unfortunately, we see the results. Especially bad on all the oceanfront properties. Can’t even see the ocean. 
I left there in the 70’s but still had parents there. They moved to the “country”– which is now Rancho Bernardo. Wall to wall houses. 
I now have no reason to go back because everyone is gone, but the last few times was there, was 2010. HORRIBLE traffic, horrible influx of illegals and you name it. It is sad. And then, what idiots put Jerry Brown in for the 3’rd time? He was the one who started the mess in his first term. 
Some people just don’t get it. cherylmeril 
San Francisco’s a booming city. Its politicians are idiots but you shouldn’t have listed this city as a reason why California is the worst state. No credibility. cherylmeril 
Elections may be manipulated with hackers. cherylmeril 
I agree however San Francisco is very dangerous for pedestrian and bicylists injuries and deaths. It’s an epidemic level here, the #1 city for these kind of accidents . cherylmeril 
The court system in California is full of a lot of corruption, particularly bad is San Diego. The courts are also entrapping victims they suspect have money through mentally ill people in a desperate attempt to bring money into the legal community. The courts play politics like never before and anything goes, the law and procedure is secondary much of the time. Court’s also rely on those who obviously commit perjury not giving it a second thought. It’s all about cash flow. arizonadiane 
However, so far none of the cities are looking like Detroit, but few may start. The ones that have already gone bankrupt. 
Don’t like California? Don’t live here. 
A far easier solution than whining. 
Don’t be so negative, Kurt. Remember, “your kind” needs someone to steal from. Ingrates that they are, many prosperous people will choose not to pay for your free lunch — and will reluctantly follow your advice. El Pollo de Oro 
California is a mess, but then, so is The Banana Republic of America in general. And California’s woes are not only bad for California—they’re also bad for the rest of the country because California is the world’s 9th largest economy. When an economy of that size is in deep trouble, the pain will be felt thousands of miles away. It’ll be felt here in the Northeastern BRA 3000 miles away, and for that matter, it’ll be felt in Europe. This is a global economic nightmare with one major economy after another sinking into the Third World abyss. California’s in trouble, the rest of the BRA is in trouble, big chunks of Europe are in trouble. All this economy misery around the world will lead to violent unrest, major riots, violent crime galore, political extremism, and World War III (which might go nuclear). 
“The presstitutes aren’t reporting this, but there are massive demonstrations going on in Spain, in Portugal and in Greece. Tens of millions of people in dozens of different cities are taking to the streets. It’s breaking down worldwide.”—Gerald Celente 
Yes, it is breaking down worldwide. No doubt. And the worse the misery becomes, the bloodier the future will be. The money, as Celente says, is not flowing down to the man in the streets, and the blood will flow in the streets. It will flow like tidal waves. Say a prayer for Europe and a prayer for The Banana Republic of America because we need all the help we can get. liberranter 
…California is the world’s 9th largest economy. 
Amazing that that’s still true, given the lengths to which Kalifornians have gone in trying to destroy their own economy. Given the deteriorating present conditions, methinks that the “world’s 9th largest economy” standing won’t be true for very much longer. Shahhe 
Californians* I hate to be the one to say that, but you can’t even spell. So your not really in the position to be saying what you think is going to happen to California’s standing as the 9th largest economy in the world. Alice Donati 
So goes California, so goes the nation? We know that California is too big to fail, so a huge bailout is coming. Everyone will get bailed out at the expense of the States who live within their means…Dah….Responsiblity is for fools, right? Cose dell’altro mondo…. 
I left my home state of California in 1993. The place is beyond repair… give it to Mexico and seal the border… permanently. JustanOguy 
Sell California to China to pay off the debt and make them work!! Durgys Ramirez 
The problem is the mobility of the rich. While few will leave the U.S. for tax purposes, they often WILL leave a state. 
And do. And are. 
You may not like such facts, but don’t let such facts change your mind. liberranter 
Since the economic tyranny in Amerika is spreading like cancer through all 50 states, I predict that those with money will soon be leaving the country once they run out of states to flee to. Richard Rider 
You may be right — eventually. But most CA departees will first move to more friendly states. LATER as the country deteriorates, they may try to flee the good old U.S. of A. 
But remember, the U.S. is the only developed country in the world that all but criminalizes anyone permanently leaving the country. All appreciated property is IMMEDIATELY taxed, even if not sold. We operate like a banana republic. 
Moving to another state triggers no such penalties. 
Yet. MichaelfromTheEconomicCollapse 
Your research was excellent Richard. Hopefully my little plug sent a lot of extra traffic to your outstanding article. 
Michael Undecider 
Now, for Californians who leave the state, embrace your destination. If you’re going to Texas, don’t turn it into California. If you’re going to Nevada, don’t turn it into California. However, I’m sure if you’re reading this article, you’re likely not part of the population that would do that. liberranter 
If you’re going to Texas, don’t turn it into California. 
As long as enough REAL TEXANS remain in Texas, that will NEVER be allowed to happen. Adam 
I agree. Michael gets more stupid with each post. I believe he is running out of posts. You know, he needs one the US is about to end’ post a day. Talk about a negative idiots! Sure some of what he posts is true, but plenty of it is inflated overly negative crap. Mudslides? What a tool. I wonder what his post will be tomorrow? I can see the title now: ‘The US will collapse at any minute even though I have been wrong over and over, time and time again, seriously, I will be right this time, trust me. Maybe he will just post: ‘You will die someday, so why even live?’ He is running out of overly negative things to say to keep his sheep coming to his site. Again, Michael is a crazy Christian, out of touch, overly negative tool. liberranter 
Thank you for helping prove that all of the negative stereotypes about the creatures that populate the most dysfunctional state in the union are 100 percent true. Deborah 
I disagree Micheal Deborah 
Michael, I am a teacher and I have SERIOUS problems with the factor of my failure. can u please do an article about how difficult our jobs as teachers have become during the downturn of society? I am a big fan. Thanks in advance… liberranter 
You are wrong on about every level, here are a just a few of your factual errors. 
1. What Survey? The Bureau of Disgruntled Bloggers? 
2. Yet Silicon Valley is here. Chevron Oil is here. The movie and television is here.The agriculture industry is here. Yet people start companies every day. You know why? BECAUSE ALL THE PEOPLE ARE HERE! 
4. We are not afraid of taxes. We know our schools suck so were are willing to pay a little more for them. We especially are smart enough to know that the rich need to pay their fair share. 
7. I agree this is wrong. It should be number one. 
10. You didn’t live in LA in the ‘60’s. You could cut the air with a knife. Taxing polluters is the reason we can breath. 
11. Tickets are NOT a tax. They are a fine. They are optional. Don’t wanna pay them? Don’t do anything wrong. 
14. Call me crazy, but I want my hair-cutter and my chiropractor and yes, even my tattoo artist to be licensed. I’m funny like that. 
16. How many of the TANF recipients are illegal aliens? 
20. I agree with this one too. $100k a year for anyone who puts his life on the line for us is too little. It should be a least doubled. 
22. Talk radio’s been foaming at the mouth over this one. I don’t have enough time to go over how wrong you are. Our prisons are bursting, in no small part to the deplorable lack of mental health care for those at risk. Yet you would fault the pay for an MD who would care for these people? I know it ‘s Christmas, but have you checked to see if your heart is two sizes too small? 
41. Crime is down overall in Los Angeles. 
52. Yet Japan, Chile, Italy,Mexico, Washington DC and New Jersey have had bigger earthquakes than we have.And don’t get me started on Hurricanes and blizzards. 
I’m too tired to go through the rest, but I suggest this. If you don’t like it, leave. 
yes, people are leaving. what remains are illegals, criminals, and hollywood bizzaros 2Gary2 
Former Republican: 6 Reasons the GOP Is Doomed 
The formerly Grand Old Party needs to change to survive. But all we’re seeing are botox solutions. 
Thank God the country could move forward with out the conservatives trying to pull us back to the 17th century. 
LMAO, you are a racist democrat Bad_Mr_Frosty 
The liberals and conservatives are both right. It’s the over-sized soviet government (conservatives) and the over-sized soviet corporations (liberal) that are killing the middle-class. The system will not allow people to vote for candidates that would address the problem (Ron Paul). Bad_Mr_Frosty 
Democrats are far-leftists, Republicans are a center-left party. There hasn’t been conservatives in US politics for decades. Apparently, they’re all “racist”. 
i still want to visit there. atlanta sucks Ralphieboy 
Pretty much all you state is true. We moved our business from California to Texas in 2000 – best decision we ever made. No, we are not liberals who are foisting our ideas on Texas– just two conservatives who were smart enough to know that California would eventually kill our business. 
We still maintain a home in Newport Beach – where 87% are registered as republicans. Spend almost six months a year there – especially to escape Texas summers. Beach is a one minute walk from our house, and the weather is as close to perfect as is possible. No, we don’t fight traffic, and yes, we pay no California state income tax. In fact, I bet that most of our neighbors pay no California income tax either. Many are folks who maintain “vacation” homes there – but were smart enough to put their primary homes our of state. 
Of course, the morons in Sacramento – like liberal morons everywhere, never understand that when the rich are taxed, the rich always find ways to legally avoid it. Of course, California lost us as taxpayers when we fled the state in 2000. The state also lost our employees and that tax base as well – and they continue to lose by chasing small business away. 
Guess I will never understand why Californians continue to vote these idiots in. Prior to moving to Newport Beach, we lived in a suburb just south of here. All of our neighbors were liberals save one or two. Once our neighbors discovered we were conservative/libertarian – they had absolutely nothing to do with us, and quite frankly, some got downright nasty. Then again, we are small business owners – and they are corporate or government workers who never have had to make payroll. liberranter 
Guess I will never understand why Californians continue to vote these idiots in. 
Because most Kalifornia “voters” are lazy, freeloading, economically ignorant sheepletards, like most of the rest of the nation. Obviously they’re just present in greater numbers in KA than in the rest of the country. Shahhe 
California* Yet again, you insult a whole category of people’s intelligence, yet your spelling is that akin of a 2nd grader. pentachronic 
Kalifornia is a mockery word to show communism and California as one and the same. Maybe you should stop being overly PC like the rest of Kalifornia. YOU are the problem. PC-ness allows politicians to make stupid laws and add stupid taxes on the premiss of doing the ‘right’ thing for everyone !! mh 
if you’re going to live here half the year, pay income taxes. all of you are complaining about the “illegals” who drain the system by not contributing tax money, etc – yet here you are, making a significant income, splitting your life between two states, and only contributing to one. dilligaf 
They’re taking advantage of the system, just like the illegals are. So what? Is there a separate set of rules? Austin 
My family spends all our time here but for a couple year (since we still own out GA home) d not pay the CA income tax… Why? It’s ridiculously expensive. We do now unfortunately Frank Lucci 
I am Los Angelean, born and raised. As a kid, I saw this great state get bombarded by folks like you. Yah- you wanted the beaches and the weather, and I guess you thought it was for the taking. However you came, you saw, and you destroyed whatever you could. So good-ridden to the millions who came, saw and destroyed. It would be a welcomed event for those of us natives to purge the rest of you non-natives, including the representatives you brought with you. Whoever wrote this must have had a really bad experience here. The good news is it is about time! Like I used to say as a kid while the planes flew overhead, “Go home and don’t come back!” Kathy 
Frank, I’m guessing you are Italian American from your name. I too am Italian American, the great grand child of immigrants . So you may be a native of Los Angeles but your ancestors and mine weren’t born here my friend. They are from Italy. Don’t you feel that people coming here to Cali LEGALLY or any place in the US to work hard should be welcomed? They can contribute to the state’s economy just as hard working, driven immigrants who are now third or fourth generation helped make this country great. When immigrants first came to the US many people spat at them because they weren’t “natives”. They said “go home!” Now you want to do the same? drbuzzsaw 
Can the rest of us, VOTE California OUT of the union??? liberranter 
53. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, approximately 100,000 more people moved out of the state of California in 2011 than moved into it. 
And, having rendered their own state uninhabitable, they’re looking for new places to destroy by polluting neighboring states with Nanny-State nonsense and high-handed arrogance. We’re flooded with Kalifornia refugees here in SE Arizona and I do my part to make them feel as unwelcome as possible. liberranter 
Another Kalifornia Krazy in denial. Sorry, pal, but it doesn’t wash. Go bark your delusions up some other tree. pcmustgo 
One reason- They let in too many Mexicans who are illegal, don’t earn much, if they work at all, don’t value education, are prone to gangs and theft and corruption, have too many children out of wedlock , born into poverty , at way too young an age,e tc. 
MAIN REASON- SHIFTED FROM A MAJORITY WHITE PLACE TO A MAJORITY BROWN, LOW IQ KIND OF PLACE. 
THIRD WORLD POPULATION CREATES THIRD WORLD CONDITIONS. 
No offense to Mexicans, but it’s the truth. Mexicans and their behavior/genetics are why Mexico is Mexico. Terry Smith 
CALIFORNIA IS THE BEST STATE IN THE UNION!!!! PEOPLE WHO HATE IT, CAN’T AFFORD IT!!! AND THATS OK, MOVE YOUR BROKE @SS TO THE TRAILER TRASH CRAPPY MIDWEST, OR THE SMELLY TRAILER TRASH RUSTBELT! IF YOUR NOT PULLING IN OVER A $100K ANNUALLY .LOL,LOL,LOL Lily 
I hear ya. Brother. Right on. I love ca Mark 
Marky its time to rotate the tires on your mama’s single wide! Mark 
Your not, lmao Lynn 
I live in San Diego, where almost year round I am able to take in a beautiful walk. Neighbors are friendly. There’s a sense of community, and we all watch out for each other. Crime in San Diego is way down from the ’80s and ’90s, I don’t live in a planned urban development, but in the heart of the city. I love the diversity, the languages, the people. Traffic is heavy, but at least it moves, and most drivers I find are polite. The state is still beautiful… Our city, state and national parks are gems. Sure, we have our problems, but Californians are feisty and independent. I’m sure Michael could write the same article on any of the other 49 states and list their problems. I for one love the uniqueness of CA. And you haven’t lived until you’ve tried a fish taco. Richard Rider 
Bad as our CA taxes are, that’s just ONE factor. We are extremely anti-business, have sky-high utility costs (not even counting AB32 increases) and are now rated the “worst judicial hellhole” in the nation. Aside from the weather (which is great along the coastal zone), there is EVERY reason to leave this state — especially if one is engaged in commerce. 
California? It’s politics, fruit cakes, liberals, entitlement infested population, taxes, and rules! Doesn’t even rate a comment! Dominik 
Yes all of this is true, but don’t forget about the successful companies here. California is the most unique state in the union. From the food to the fashion. Of course the most beautiful state (in my opinion) gets stuck with all the insane politicians and way to many regulations and…well everything stated above. California still does have the largest textile factory that makes clothes in America by American workers and nothing is shipped from other countries to American Apparel Inc. which is the last great American clothing company. kurt cobain 
I like how someone else other than me is identifying the illegals by what they are; mexicans. Or is the term mexicans too politically incorrect? Sandra Bell 
Many are central and south american too. W Dawes 
Actually there is a lot of Illegal Chinese in California too Danny_Sunset 
and a lot of illegal Israelis and other middle easterners. nimrod 
Born and raised in Socal during the golden period (1960-1980’s) left in 1988, returned in 1994-2002, then left for good. Low crime, nice people, great place to live, go to school, safe to walk around back then….But since early-mid 1990’s this is all gone. My old high school turned into a prison camp, my old city into a little Tijuana, the traffic is bad 24-7, high costs for everything! Moved to the southeast: low crime, low cost of living, 10 minutes to work, low/no traffic, morals and values are taught and practiced. I went out for an interview in CA lately, even Norcal looks like Tijuana now. The freeways were littered with trash, the beach cities were unkept, people were not friendly, businesses were run down. I told them don’t bother making me an offer as I was not interested in living in the state. So not only is CA losing businesses, they are now becoming uncompetitive for the best employees. because of the squalor, it will get much worse, maybe NEVER get better. we need to flush the system clean, stop attracting freeloaders and get on with life without being dragged down. There is no reason that we need to provide any free lunches and bring in more legal or illegals until we find jobs for the 25Million people that are out of work. lou 
California is overpopulated, period….. due mostly to foreigners, especially mexicans and koreans here illegally. They trashed their own countries and are now doing the same in California David Salter 
You forgot one very important fact, and one that the rest of the world is looking at with bemusement; California had the chance recently, with Prop 37, to catch up with Europe (I live in UK) and enforce labelling of GMO foods. And they blew it! Why on earth would you not want to know what is in the food you eat? This shows complacent trust in a government that continues to screw you over at every opportunity. And a complete failing to notice the corruption between big business, government and the media. Brian Johann Schuler 
California sucks the list is endless also the weather even along the coast its either really hot really cold super windy really dry or really wet the weather is terrible and boring its all extremes its too dry and it does not snow in la i cant wait to leave Jimi 
If it wasn’t for the fiscally socialist welfarism I’d move to California in a heartbeat. Bogmire 
Sure its pretty, but its full of self-righteous fools who have shown how poorly they run a government, I WANT OUT, As soon as I am out of college, Im out of Cali. Shahhe 
No seriously, we want you gone. girlswagger 
NOTICE HOW THIS IS THE ONLY SITE THAT STATES HOW HORRIBLE CALI IS. LMFAO openeye 
There is more.then nust Mexicans, if that someone else wasnt blind, there are, chinese, russians, and many different race coming here, also from way down south past Mexico. Unless your a reneck “ahmercin”.then you should understand that there is alot more people who come.here illegaly. angel 
Hey im not mexican but not all mexicans are undocumnted as u think…. Anon 
I don’t care if they are or not. It’s terrible that they come in to help ruin (note the help) the country. We don’t need anymore migrant workers that dodge taxes while having the state spend thousands on them. I say this as an unfortunate hypocrite who has one clean the house every Friday. Steven P Chiolan 
At least you’re honest. Tom 
Don’t forget about all the Indians and Chinese that come to our universities and then stay in our country and take the top paying jobs. pentachronic 
The educated people are not an issue. They pay large amounts of taxes as they are typically high-end workers who have good qualifications. The problem is that the State puts nothing back into Education. They reap what they sew. Bad Government is the key issue. The-Truth-Hurters 
You sound like just another ignorant white Republican spewing hate without knowing any real facts. First of all, you’re an immigrant in this country too because you stole it from the Native Americans don’t forget that redneck joe. 
Second, your country was built by immigrants in the first place like the Chinese who came here and built the railroads and ifrastructure, and the Indians are the only reason you even have a Silicon Valley at all. 
Third, no one is stealing your jobs… You are losing them because these people are more qualified, smarter, and work harder than fat/racist/ignorant/poorly educated white hick Americans. You can’t blame an Indian or Chinese for taking your jobs when they study and work hard all day long while you’re out drinking beer and eating burgers, and riding around in your pickup truck saying “America f**k yeah!” while demanding higher salaries for doing less work and more vacation time. 
What has happened is that the world today is a lot more interconnected with the advent of social media, the internet, gloablization, and many of the new technologies… This makes it easier for people from all over the world to migrate where they will have a better life just like you honky Americans did when you came from the UK to America. The only difference is that for years you have been saying America is the best everything and now you can’t just simply say that anymore; now you actually have to back it up and all you uneducated Republican Americans are finding out you’re actually not the best at anything and that most of the world is quite smarter and harder working than you are and you simply can’t deal with it so you blame the immigrants, eventhough you yourself are immigrants in the first place. 
The truth is that many of the immigrants that come here have had much worse circumstances and a far harder life which has taught them a good work ethic. We as Americans have been spoiled by our luxuries and now when these people that have a better work ethic than us come here we find it hard to compete and all we do is bitch and moan. 
If you want your jobs back then work harder and learn to compete with those that are better qualified and you will get them back. 
Lastly, the people that are hiring the the immigrants who are better qualified and that work for less are the white people anyway, so it’s actually your own kind whos selling you out. glorp 
wow the-truth-hurters appears to be a hate mongering ignorant liberal…. so sad you call someone ignorant and hateful but ignore your own hate you spew from your poisoned mind… Ben 
Liberals like the truth hunters are destroying this country. Illegal immigrants are taken food off legal Americans plates . These corrupt politicians are destroying are legal system. No legal citizen that own an real property is safe stand up dont support this don’t buy into this! If u don’t feed it it can’t survive The-Truth-Hurters 
Yeah, anyone who has actual knowledge and some coherent logic of whats really going on in the US; and who doesn’t just find some one to point their fingers at is a “liberal.” What a well put together argument you made, that’s exactly why you’re kind is become obsolete. You’re just another entitled white american conservative, who cant open their eyes and adapt to change… By the way I’m not a liberal either, so try again. 
The greedy and immoral investment banks/corporations/corrupt politicians (conservative & liberal alike) are what has ruined this country, not immigration. If you have any education you’d understand the complexity behind whats going on behind the scenes. It’s wealthy white CEO’s and investment bankers who control Washington, the FDR, our policies and politicians; and they are the ones who are selling your own kind out. 
The truth is you’re misinformed and uneducated on how your government really works, and you are being brainwashed by your false american patriotism; which is exactly what the powers that be are depending on to control and manipulate you. I have nothing against you personally, and you don’t have to agree with me and you’re entitled to your own opinion… But come on, how can an immigrant who has no establishment/resources in a new country affect or control anything… That’s ludicrous and things are not so black and white as you make them out to be. 
Corporate white America and investment banks are the cause of all this. Wake up! The Vile Maxim by Adam Smith is what has ruined our country, not a handful of immigrants. Pedro A Lopez 
I like the way you think. I am not illegal but I am from central, born an rase and the ignorance in this great country is sad. Charles Diemont 
They come here for work, and then send all the money back south. The-Truth-Hurters 
LOL! No they don’t. Do you have any empirical data to prove your ignorant claim? Any statistics to show? By the way, are you even aware that your avatar is an afghan fighter holding an ak47; which ironic since you’re against foreigners. No personal offense intended, but it seems that you’re not very bright or observant. 
And so what if immigrants send money back home to help their families? I’m a US born American and I would too if I was in the same situation. Nothing comes before family, definitely not patriotism to a country that’s selling out its own citizens for corporate greed. If you were struggling in your home land and could have a better life in another country, don’t tell me that you wouldn’t migrate to where you could have a better life and do whats best your family… After all, that’s what America’s founders did in the first place when they founded this country. 
THIS LAND WAS THE NATIVE AMERICANS LAND, AND EVERYONE ELSE IS AN IMMIGRANT HERE! Let’s see you prove that wrong… You have no right to say who can be here and who can’t because this is not your country to do so! 
Furthermore, you’re so concerned about immigrants sending what little money they make back home, yet your “American” corporations and investment banks are evading taxes and siphoning billions of dollars offshore… Yet that’s fine! What an immigrant makes has no affect on the economy, however dirty companies like Apple and Google have enough money to end poverty and hunger worldwide (look it up -its a fact) and yet they don’t put anything back into our economy and that’s the real reason behind our crumbling economy. 
Your lack of education is scary especially when considering a lot of “patriotic” Americans like you are so uneducated and full of hate; and then they go and vote being completely misinformed. Please open a book and read about how our economy works and what the Vile Maxim is. Understand what’s going on behind the scenes and how the privately owned FDR manipulates currency and inflation. Learn about how corporate and special interest lobbyists have demolished the ideals that this country was founded on, and you’ll start to see that immigrants are nothing but a scapegoat and that you are being brainwashed and led astray by your gov. 
The population of this country is so dumb that a hateful fear monger like Trump may actually win the election! Why, because this is a nation of uneducated morons who have no clue about how their country really works. Southpark totally nailed it with their “Dey toook r jobs!” Pull your head out of the sand and LEARN THE TRUTH! I love my country, but I hate the people in charge and the rampant ignorance among the general population. molon_labe 
Do you have any empirical data to prove your ignorant claim that I’m uneducated? And speaking of ignorant, it’s a red dawn avatar dumbass lol get back to your bull prepping kayaker 
It’s the CORPORATIONS and the WEALTHY that do the tax dodging. Wake up!!!! The-Truth-Hurters 
Yes I agree 100%. The greedy and immoral obscenely wealthy individuals/corporations/investment banks are the real problem. You are one of the few enlightened ones out there and that gives me hope that others will catch up and see also see the truth. Pedro A Lopez 
Wow help ruin the country. You are so stupid but whatever makes you happy at night. molon_labe 
Then they are American. Not Mexican. And you saying other wise is why we have the problems we do with immigration from Mexico. John 
Republicans Californiarules 
California is the greatest place to live and work. Economy was and is the largest in the U.S., and your opinions are not shared. Jealousy and unhappiness is comes through your ariticle. WE LOVE CALIFORNIA. Alexbella 
In the words of my science teacher, “I rathef be in an 8.5 earthquake than a stage 1 tornado”. Californias the best, 20 minutes from everything! I can snowboard and go to the beach in one day! Each weekend I have 10 amusment parks to choose from, the beach, venice, concerts, snowboarding, ect! Maybe it costs more to live here but I moved away for a year, and never again will I live anywhere other than California. frog 
get a life or get off of the computer frog 
stop picking on other states where all a nation and that’s coming from a 13 year old ya’ll just got served nockout99 
I AGREE WITH FROG Oklahoma 
Yes..it’s a canary…like China, India and Africa “perfect example[s] of what happens when you continually add more and more people”…to the planet. vic 
All people talk about is the weather. I have lived in Mexifornia for 42 years and the people who run this state have killed it. What’s sad is that the UNIONS have taken control and these sheeple keep believing their lies so they keep voting for bull crap. Pelosi, Boxer, Feinstein, Moon-Beam Brown, Newsom, Waters, these are some of the biggest morons to ever hold office. They even shut down our farm lands to save a freaken fish. Stupid people and I can’t wait to leave…. B 
Meh, the author doesn’t live here. More than half of that rant is opinion, another 45% doesn’t make sense/is not substantiated. Plenty of work, the state govt isn’t broke (in fact we now have a surplus), people here are still alive, lots of big business STILL here (intel, apple, google, Levi’s, Tesla, Hollywood, Napa Valley, thd entire central Cali agricultural business, and so on…). We STILL have TWO world class cities, so much natural beauty that songs, movies, poetry, have been created about it, people travel from the other side of the earth to see it, and residents get to see it daily. You can travel thru 5 climates in less than 3 hours. Nothing’s free bitch. If u like nice things ya gotta pay for ’em. California is one of the largest states, is THE most populous, and by far the best looking – that’s gotta be maintained… If ur a cheap-ass, move to fugly-ass Texass or some other Midwestern/southern donkey-#%€er state where taxes are cheap but half the state is on welfare and in poverty and “edumacation” is not a priority according to the state representatives… 
So, Californians aren’t leaving in “droves” (so stupid). We are still here in CA enjoying life and laughing at the fools who are jealous and therefore feel the need to knock this awesome and crazy, delicious and beautiful, one-of-a-kind place. Erin 
RIGHT ON BABY! YOU TELL ‘EM! Austin 
I moved to California 3 years ago this month, my sophomore year of highschool. I love it here and am not leaving for any reason other than travel when I can afford to. I have now graduated highschool and I’m attending college in a quaint costal city. The first 15 years of my life was spent in a suburb of Atlanta and it is much better here IMO. I live on the border of Encinitas and south carlsbad (la costa) and use the beach as a daily getaway. While the tourism gets annoying its wonderful meeting so many people everyday. There are very few cops away from the freeway I drive at least 30 minutes a day and usually see one cop but there is very very little crime in this area of San Diego county. I know big cities can be fun if you’re visiting but they are the majority of reasons you have listed to not live here. I definitely felt more of a sense of community where I’m from in Georgia but once you make friends out here and fall in love with the ocean and bays/activities you can do around them you realize it’s a different kinda love. & where I live there are very few Mexicans. Just find the right area if you wanna live here (preferably on the coast not in a major city) and you may love it like me. I’m 18 and hope to live past 50 stayin in this beautiful state. Most importantly if you want to get away from people there are canyons even in the coastal cities with trails all over the place and there’s few to none people and they’re usually gorgeous. Checkout Encinitas if you want to get away from big city lifestyle. Later everyone! Fr33th1nk3r 
The biggest thing I cannot stand since moving here from Pennsylvania 10 years ago– is the overwhelming conformity and materialism here. Everybody in California seems to listen to the same terrible mainstream music, the same crappy trendy movies and TV reality shows, and they all spend more time talking about their iPads and mobile devices than worrying about education or the nation as a whole.– 
Everything here, from the pizza to the beaches, is overhyped and made out to be the best thing to happen since sugarless gum– but in reality, you will get the cheapened, watered down, overmarketed and overpriced California version.– Everything is overregulated. You can’t even enjoy a beer on the beach without getting a citation. You can’t even change a doorknob in your house without some local government code enforcement type trying to tack on fees and fines for your troubles.– The graduation rate for public schools in California is abyssmal. Rai 
Hey, could you do me a favor and link reliable sources and stuff that actually backs up your claims more often? Because when I see breitbart and articles that don’t really prove your point upon closer inspection I tend to think you’re a liar. The carbon tax article you linked had “could” in the title, meaning it doesn’t prove it’s even happening in the first place. 
Then again, when I look at this blog title you’re probably just as reliable as breitbart. Anonymous 
I am a fifth generation northern Californian and all I have to say is that some of these issues can happen ANYWHERE. For example, you can’t prevent earthquakes, mudslides, or wildfires and its not like we WANT them to happen, we just can’t control them. I’m not trying to rag on anyone, so please keep the negative comments out of this. I do agree that at this point in time our government and school systems are screwed up and that illegal immigrants are also screwing up our state’s balance, but everyone just focuses on CA with immigrants… What about Arizona, New MEXICO, and Texas? While I’m at it, the traffic is only bad in SOUTHERN CA (I know this because I’ve lived in the Bay Area my ENTIRE LIFE, never moved never wanted to) and this whole thing is blown out of proportion. By the way, I know about that city that banned smoking and it was for the good of the people, smoking causes lung cancer and cigs have such harmful things in them that they should be banned ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. I also know that Oakland is one of the worst cities in CA and that its also one of the most dangerous cities, too, but that doesn’t mean that ALL of CA is dangerous. Also, even though it doesn’t state it here, keep your stereotypes to yourself! Californians aren’t blonde moron surfers with nose jobs and Botox, we are actual people, not the fake characters on tv shows. pysco 
I forwarded the article to Boxer, Brown and Feinstein, and told them have a nice day. I urge everyone to do the same. Vaggieburger 
I L❤VE CALIFORNIA! I have lived in the sf Bay Area ALL my life, BORN & RAISED! (3rd generation San Franciscan 😉 I dont agree w/what our Government is doing, nor do I feel good about it BUT I love Ca w/all my heart! WEST SIII-EEED! Lol 
Lol jelous much? Now name the great things about cali Ahmed 
illegals? The whole country is illegal, so stop being a republican about it. “This country was founded by a group of slave owners who wanted to be. Am I right? A group of slave owners who wanted to be free! So they killed a lot of white English people in order to continue owning their black African people, so they could wipe out the rest of the red Indian people, in order to move west and steal the rest of the land from the brown Mexican people, giving them a place to take off and drop their nuclear weapons on the yellow Japanese people.” Carlin, G. commonsense 
thank you for posting a/b a subject almost over 200 years old, as if it pertains anyway what so ever to the present decline of California… Anon 
Immigrants built this country but that does not mean they can tear it down. Get off your historically correct high horse and see what they are doing NOW. molon_labe 
Funny how they always bring up we’re a nation of immigrants. Yes, of course we are. But look at the difference the two brought to the table. Built some of the largest cities in the world. These immigrants from south of our border, well, one just go to a once thriving city to see the effect they have. Utter filth and destruction. Educated_Person_101 
Because Geroge Carlin is the final word on perfect political harmony. You are influenced by the wrong people. Comedians’ opinions on politics are worthless. molon_labe 
Everyone in this room is now dumber from having read that. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul. 
You must have learned that in a California school. During white privilege class. MA 
I am a native to California, and I still live here. I do not plan to leave or move any where else any time soon mainly because I love this state. There is so much to do. I would hate living in, for example, Georgia. Not only is there nothing to do there, but there are racist people, and well I would not want to deal with that considering that I’m not white. It is more excepting here. Mainly in Southern California, because there is everyone. I would hate to be surrounded just be one race. Plus, weather is unbeatable compared to other states. It does get hot, and cold, but not nearly as much compared to other states. 
I love California (Mostly Southern) and I am not leaving. Blue Blooded Californian 
Wow so biased its funny. No state is perfect, that being said this person failed to talk about some other things. California accounts for 15% of the U.S gdp, this state alone makes more then Canada, or Russia. If California was a country it would be the eight largest economy in the world. Texas as everyone seem to be talking about, let me say some things about that. Highest un-insured rate, and one of the highest poverty rate, No state minim wage which means that they follow the fed min wage, which is $7.25 (San Francisco min wage $10.75) oh and lets not forget how much federal aid Texas has and still keep getting. Where as for California, who does have problem (I admit that) is giving more back to the govt then its taking in. Based on several economist California is on track for a surplus in 2014. California has movies, tech, agriculture, its own cuisine I can go on and on. Texas and every other conservative states takes more then its gives out. Which really makes one to rethink, the premise about takers and givers does it!! 
So stop your bitching because everyone who has every come to California would love to move here, they just can’t afforded it. If you don’t like it, leave. CitizenX 
I’m still waiting for the rest of the people that don’t like California to move out of the state. 
Please. anonymous 
Not sure how everyone in the comments can’t see what how blatantly ignorant and completely absurd this article is… for example “32. Political correctness is totally out of control in California”. Great use of evidence there, not biased at all! I can acknowledge that the economy in California is suffering, but at least educate yourself on what’s really going on before you mindlessly bash all the “liberal douchebags”. Bob Dole 
not just liberals, we have plenty of douchbag republicans, in fact most of our states problems were caused by republicans and their corporate interests, not liberals. Anon 
And yet our state has been run by liberals for the last couple of decades, AT LEAST. Now, we have a Democrat super majority in the state… Re-read the list and see what they have done to drive businesses out of the state. Most of that was because of the liberals. The cities with the most liberal policies (in California) are the most expensive and crime-ridden places to live in. Also, some of the most successful businesses in California tend to be Democrat-leaning. www dot goodguide dot com slash contributions. sinjonsmith 
If its so bad, then why to real estate values continue to go through the roof? Real Estate is like any other market or commodity. People pay high prices for highly desired goods. People pay high prices for California real estate because its a desirable place to live and although it has a LOT of problems, I can name 10 other states with worse problems including all the rust belt states (iowa, wisconsin, mich, indiana, ohio, illinois) where there is an exodus of people to get away from failing infrastructure, corruption and rising taxes to pay for it all..not to mention bad weather..and extremely poor southern states that have NO economy..mississippi, alabama, south carolina and Florida where the education system is worse than california…as well as some states with huge budget problems out east like Jersey…I’ll take california any day over any of these other states..California’s economy alone is the 12th largest in the WORLD and the US would take a huge hit if it didn’t exist..I don’t live in CA, but imo if you want to start a page on how much a state sux, start elsewhere…oh another thing about everyone crying about illegals…like cali is the ONLY place where that happens…its the ONLY place where people come over the border…Its a National issue idiots..and we have plenty in Chicago…I own real estate and without them, id have to pay some other white fat dude 5 times as much to work half as hard and do 1/10 as quality of work who’s probably in a union…oh which this page ironically hates because probably because unions are left leaning… James 
Every time the state legislature de-funds or disapproves a highway/bridge/public university repair project on the annual budget, people pass a $1B bond ballot measure during the next election to get the state into more debt and re-fund that particular effort. Voters in CA fail to realize that a new university center or highway overpass is nice, but somebody has to pay for it by raising state debt (often paid for with new taxes). I used to live there, and every election had millions of new bonds to be raised for somebody’s pet project on the ballot. My rule when voting was 99% of the time “No” if it required a new municipal bond to be raised, especially if it was an attempt to circumvent the regular budget process in Sacramento. James 
CA is also one of the few states where a $100K income may not be enough to buy real estate. A down-payment on a CA home can pay the loan in full for an average home in many other states. People in high cost living areas (LA, SF, SD, etc…) take out huge mortgages and cram 10 people in a small home to pay their mortgage every month. It’s no coincidence that many of the homes shown being flipped on HGTV are located in CA. Unless you’re rich, bought a home 25 years ago, or inherited property from a relative, or resort to shady funding methods (i.e. share mortgage payment with 6 people, take out multiple loans, etc…) it’s tough to buy real estate in CA. Fornian’ 
Ok first of all California is the best state of all. Second you are unworthy. bynx110 
1. It’s California not KALIFORNIA. 2. Do you know how ignorant and prejudice you sound? It’s disgusting really. Yes our state has major problems but we are ALL U.S citizens. Treat others as you wish to be treated. Did it ever cross your small mind that maybe people from California treated you poorly because of the way you decided to treat them? Treat people with respect, we all come from different places and different walks of life. Do you agree with the Holocaust, slave trade, Native American treatment, and all the other major in tolerances in history? Think before you write….because you are clearly defining how NOT to be a decent human being. EmeraldStar 
I’ve lived in Southern Cali all my life. After graduating college and going on to graduate school I decided it was time to leave. I moved to MI six months ago! Yes Detroit is bad, but it’s like that one city is pulling the entire states reputation down. No matter how bad Detroit is, the rest of the state is SO much better than anywhere I’ve been in southern Cali. Yes, I miss the diversity of people but here are some reasons a person my age would leave. The U’s in Cali can take up to six months to let you know if you’ve even been accepted. WMU let me know in less than two weeks. The cost of tuition and books are ridiculous when compared to the type of education you will be receiving (a BAD one). About 75% of students care about taking their education seriously and the rest are there for the financial aid. In SoCal it can take you months if not years (depending on what you do) to find a job, I found a job in less than a week in MI. The weather in amazing in CA and I miss the different cultures and their awesome food, but the pace is too fast, too many people are stressed out and are either jaded or jerks (not all, but there is a overhanging stress level you can’t really escape) When your worried about being laid off or making ends meat no wonder… Also, the crime! Theft is a huge issue in SoCal. Be it car, private property, or downright armed robbery. Gangs are a major problem in the L.A. area especially. Taxes are ridiculous and because larger companies know jobs are slim pickings they use it as an excuse to treat you like garbage. What are you going to do? Quit? Too bad you have kids to feed. Welcome to Cali, the suck it up things aren’t getting any better soon state. Don’t get me wrong, if it wasn’t for the people and the politics Cali is my home and I love it in a weird “that’s MY ugly baby” kind of way lol. Beautiful beaches, amazing deserts and mountains. I miss it sometimes. Then I read about a family that was murdered two miles from the high school I went to and NOPE! Glad I left. Best place to visit, but once you get past the fascination with this glamorous Hollywood lifestyle you’ll realize that it’s all a lie. Hollywood and L.A. are full of hobo’s and the whole city smells like urine and garbage. Except that small complex in little tokyo, then it smells like amazing asian food lol! Get the Golden state idea out of your head, that golds been tarnished for years : Shahhe 
Oh good god. I’m fairly certain your what’s causing the poor education rating in whatever part of California your living in. Please leave this wonderful state and the education rating will probably rise in literacy at least by tenfold. stassia 
Please stay there and everyone will be happy. Shahhe 
It is spelled with a C. And one wonders why Arizona scores lower than the rest on literacy. Shahhe 
You keep saying that yet you’ve yet to leave. I don’t think you realize that your wanted gone, please, feel free to go to Oklahoma or Utah, or even Texas or Florida. It matters not! All that matters is that you are to leave, as you claim you wish to, and as you are deeply wanted to by those in California before people like you came here hoping for free everything, then shocked when it turned out that the presence of so many like you tarnished it. So hopefully, with you gone, and staying gone this time, California will become fully back to the days of yore. So please, leave and don’t come back once that happens. Not ever. Sorry. Davis Rivas 
The best thing about California is all the Freebies you can get, welfare, food-stamp, medicaid, free lunches, housing, etc.. Even prisoners in California live better than middle classes in other countries. The tax payers in CA are SO generous. Thanks guys. john 
BOTTOM LINE–Those that can’t afford the California luxuries move to lesser states than bash California, cause THEY could not make it or be happy. I would NEVER leave California. Enjoy the snow, rain and cold. I WILL NOT! Have fun with all that. We have the best weed, the best weather and the hottest women. BOTTOM LINE–There is always a story behind the story when someone bashes California. Some crazy people move from California to Oregon and convince themselves that 290 days of rain a year is better, GIVE ME A BREAK! lol @ the true Californians like me that laugh at you all. Have fun in your other state and remember when you are complaining about the cold or snow or grey sky, I’m smiling with my shirt off smoking weed laughing at you fools. Melissa 
I was born in San Diego 45 years ago and have never left. Oh, I wish you would get the word out so more people would leave California, and less people would come here. Then I could have less crowds, more parking, more room at the beach. Me and the millions of Mexicans will stay here in San Diego, we get along fine. Everyone who doesn’t like it, please go awa . It’s great because whenever I visit anywhere else I always notice: the weather really sucks and everything is so cheap! No sales tax? No state income tax? I am always blown away by states like this. That makes my dollar go a lot farther when I travel so fine by me. Orisha 
The drought is caused by The Hight Priest of the world in Solidarity against Gov. Brown and all the states unions in Solidarity against AwoGbade. He is a shaman from Sacramento California who created a crime prevention youth program that Ex. Gov. Choose as his personal legacy program. Multiple murder attempts were made on this innocent High Priest and his father was murdered on Jan.5th 2013. The high pressure system blocking rain in Pacific Ocean are the Ancestors spirits in Solidarity against the injustice of Gov. Brown and police/corrections union and the denial of civil rights to AwoGbade over last 8 year period. This is only the start to what the Myans forecast. Since 12-12-12. The date Union members in Californias Department Of Justice tracked Awogbade and hitmen inserted Aids blood into him. No Justice No Water! It’s only starting in California. Without a thorough FBI investigation into Yeshua Awogbade court case in Sacramento…the forces of nature will wipe Americas Slate Clean. Miaeka 
Thanks, as an European this post convinced me that California is definitely less retarded than rest of America. I’m looking forward to supporting their economy by visiting them some day. 
I love the stable and civilized societies we Europeans have managed to create through high taxation. I hope California will reach the same level of civilization some day. Bob Dole 
You can keep it, we prefer liberty and freedom, and yes we will invade you no questions asked if you threaten that. Shango!!! 
YESHUA AWOGBADE is my son. Ive had full custody 4 years because Shoshana Robertson in a active alcoholic and meth addict. According to Shoshana she was molested by her first cousin Mayor Kevin Johnson since age 12. After her July 2nd suicide attempt she told the Mayor, my son is his and if she dont get custody back and 2 million dollars she woukd expose him. The Police Union got behind there Mayor and multiple attempts have been made on my life. After the first attempt on my life I called upon the forces of nature for protection and punishment to those responsible. Last year was the worst drought on record because of police union actions and violation of my civil rights for 8 years. WITHOUT A REAL FBI INVESTIGATION THE NATIONS WEATHER WILL BE THE WORST. Jack 
The state stinks for real…its a commie-liberal pisshole. Callie 
Honestly CALIFORNIA lifestyle is the best in the country. No where else will ever compare. As someone who has traveled and lived in other places, I can honestly testify that there’s no better place to spend this precious life in. It’s a beautiful place with beautiful souls. Not California 
The best thing I ever did was to move my family and company out of California. 
I tried for years to sell my company, few were interested but none would buy it as long as it remained in California, and to be honest, selling it in California would has set us back two careers. 
Found out by moving to Nevada we saved all the tax money California would have robbed from us. After a year in Nevada company was sold. we no longer live in Nevada but I will say we did leave Nevada a better place, and Nevada made us better people, Nevada gave use back the humanity California stole at every chance it could take. 
California has the worst schools, the worst people the worst cops, the worst opportunity, brought on by the worst government, the worst everything you could image, it just plain sucks. 
I went to court one time my attorney had everything laid out and the judge said I don’t recognize that law, the attorney said here is a brief, judge said I don’t recognize that law. 
attorney said here is the law book already marked all you need to do is read it, judge said,,, you got it. he didn’t recognize the law. 
To the judge my attorney said, you have already decided haven’t you, the judge smiled, to make it short we won on appeal, the money held by the state was returned I moved it into Nevada, my company and my family, the guy that bought my company divested all the California holdings, big loss to the people of the state. 
I have a buddy that is doing the same thing, pulling his company out of California and going to headquarters it in Nevada then divest all California holdings at a loss of another 900 jobs to the state. 
When you look up the word looser, California is on the top of the list. 
I should say I was born and raised in California, what I used to think was the best place on earth, Santa Clara, Then as we did better Dad moved us to Los Altos Hills. 
I went for a visit to Northern California to see some friends, I bought a truck that ran on propane with a big tank, I didn’t have to spend a dime on anything in that state. 
I hate that state so much I will never spend a dime there. JULIA Dunkee III 
The Disney Hall Complex on that picture is usually under sold for concerts. The bar is lame, the restaurant prentious and overpriced, and it has all the chic of an airplane hanger. It has good acoustics and some great people come through but it is like mostly closed up during week. Poor Mex student work the usher roles and the mostly older elite types aren’t interesting and dress like 1800’s. It has these Sheriff deputies guarding I guess the 1% and they always look at me with why am I here faces. Sad place. Homeless vets live underneath bridge it sits on. That says it all. JULIA Dunkee III 
Hollywood is supported by the economic engine of Nail Salons, Tattoo Parlors, Weed Shops, and Hooker Wear type stores. At night it has some Blade Runner type nightclubs that are from the low level to Hollywood crowds, but unlike other cities the PAPS can do whatever so it’s always crazy that way. Tourists keep coming though it is grimy, dirty and no stars except on premieres which are hugely policed and controlled. All Hollywood Blvd. has hidden cams that are watched from a special station. The LA is considered a “gateway” city and employs the TrapWire Surveillance system. Plus it is usung drones now to like Arizona. JULIA Dunkee III 
It is not well understood by most but the Hollywood smarter money has left LA or is trying to. It is more than taxes. Many people come in for the Media Industry but there is a sizable exodus judging by home listings in any real estate listing service. The LA TImes is total BS propaganda that even locals call out all the time. It is strange because a lot of the moneyed are exiting fast. ANd it gives me creeps cause these people already can avoid most things. I think some event is scheduled here. I think others are aware of that too. Stephanie S 
I moved to the Midwest a year ago from L.A. and just went back for a visit. Yes, it’s nice and pretty and the weather is great. Cool place to visit, I don’t want to live there again. Crime, “diversity”, materialism, frantic pace, traffic…no thanks. A short visit is pleasant but living there was becoming a nightmare. Calilove 
I’ve lived in CA most of my life and I have to say I have never seen a Mexican beggar asking for money or food or anything. Selling oranges, flowers, etc by the freeway? Absolutely! I just had to point out observation after reading all of these racist comments. If you’re not a CA resident, you are reading some random stats that do not necessarily reflect the economic status of my neighborhood. Also, CA is a “horrible” state because of wildfires and earthquakes?! Get real! I haven’t witnessed any awful blizzards, huge hail storms or tornados destroying huge trailer parks in CA. Oh wait! Not many trailers here, our homes are constructed to withstand earthquakes & are built on a foundation! Christian 
so much hate against the mexicans, have you ever been in a migration office? there’s many asian people middle eastern, also European people, so take your comment back and insert it inside your butt hole. molon_labe 
I don’t see Asian, Arab or European migrants leaving ghettos of once great cities in their wake. Monsatan 
Never been across the pond, I take it? BGenie 
You missed the Russian and Ukrainian immigrants here in N.CA. They are productive, going to college, taking ESL classes, working and opening stores. 
The Mexicans come here, expect us to learn their language, live off welfare, spray-paint graffiti, rob stores/banks, and deal drugs. I worked in an ER; a mexican family on welfare brought in a 10y/o girl who was ‘feeling sick’. Turns out she was pregnant… by her uncle, and they were happy because they were purposely breeding her for more welfare money. Mexicans are parasites, we need to close the border. Mike McCormack 
ewww gross. Uncle daddy. Sandra Bell 
Did you report this situation to child abuse authorities? The girl should have been legally and permanently removed from the home and the rest of the family deported as criminals with no chance of future citizenship. DW 
I hope to hell you sterilized her Christian 
nope, cali is very nice, your life sucks haha Michael Hansson 
Why do Californians keep voting on these politician that is turning their beautiful state into a hellhole? Funruffian 
The physical geography of California is vast and beautiful. The terrain and natural landscapes are magnificent. Unfortunately, it has too many crappy people and crappy leaders. rogersan 
You forgot the epic drought going on right now… allfab 
A reason why it is one of the best: the writer of this article doesn’t live here. taylor 
This articles retarded. Its repeats the sames stuff over and over again. We have higher wages anyhow to hiving higher taxes makes sense, derrr. sdreal 
Wow, I might as well just leave the CA after reading this. Haha. – I love living in Southern CA and I have a well paying job selling software to high tech industries. I can travel anywhere in the west, but I mostly choose to stay in CA because that is where most of the money is… and who wants to go anywhere else unless absolutely necessary? Certainly, Texas is always lowest on my list of places to visit. Outside of Austin, it’s a cultural vacuum and in the summer it’s hotter than an oven. Plus, outside of oil, the industries aren’t nearly as robust and dynamic as those in CA. – Don’t you think it’s interesting that some of the biggest and most innovative companies on the planet, like Apple and Google, are based in California? Guest 
As all those people leave, the nutty liberals remain behind and their power grows. The growing number of poor will go along with whatever they say so long as the benefits keep coming and increasing. Eventually the state is going to bust and then they’ll howl for DC to bail them out, and DC probably will. Anon 
Arizona especially is awful. You want to talk about a piece of trash, it’s Phoenix burning rubber smell and angry, flaring inferno environment in July. izzycafe 
We have a democratic super majority and they are driving our great state into the likes of Detroit city.. only it will be the whole state. The thinking is tax and put fees and regulations on everything.. they need, more and more and more, they think it will produce more revenue to help with the unsustainable retirement and pensions of government worker. The thing is, that never ever works.. and like a horrible cancer it kills all things that are good. molon_labe 
Been there. Beautiful state, nice people up north, but the cities, I wouldn’t go near there if you paid me 7 figures. I was so disgusted I will literally cheer if an earthquake breaks it off into the ocean. I’ll stick to the lone star state and the south where the people have manners. Chin Sims 
No, New Jersey is the worst. Way f__king worse. christopher umsted 
dont even need to read this to say that california life sucks only reason y i did cuz of a hw assignment even though me and my fellow classmates are living it Smeagel4T 
Odd how housing prices just keep rising, and rising, and rising… which is a very clear free market indication of demand. Lee 
I can create a list about every state in the union and tell you why it’s the worst state….it’s not hard to do. To me it just looks like this website is about fear. It promotes the idea that the world economy it’s going to collaps and so you need to buy Good and Silver. Sugarsail1 
Born and raised in California…it sucks for all the reasons mentioned above. Too many socialist politically correct fascist enviro-whack jobs from the bay area running the show and the anti-business regulation has killed the middle class and the job market. The only people that do well here is people on some kind of government subsidized business, like healthcare, welfare, or green boondoggles or Limousine Liberals in Hollywood with more money than brains. Sooner or later they will run out of other people’s money and they will have to build a wall to keep Californians from escaping to Mexico. The only reason to live here is the weather and the weed and even the weather sucks in the North (the weed doesn’t). molon_labe 
Californians. Since your voted for it, please keep yourself confined within it’s borders. It’s only right to make you deal with the issues you brought upon yourselves. Moving to a different place and dragging that down too isn’t fair to people whovote with common sense. inverse137 
There are some good points in this article and a lot of stupid personal opinions. You are better off sticking with facts than conjecture. Conjecture makes you look stupid and weak. 
34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 48 and 51 are just whining without facts. NUMBERS. You cannot dispute hard numbers. I would have listed it like: the average commute time in california is XX and the national average is YY. 
What is listed in those instances is just filling space. New York boy 
Everyone dissing California sounds like a bunch of bitches! And would lay out your incredible boring lives. kayaker 
What a biased piece of propaganda. CA is way ahead of the rest of the nation in addressing climate change, re-localizing of food growing, promoting solar, etc., etc., etc. It has lots of problems, but at least is doing things a lot smarter than the vast majority of the U.S. which is going backwards. Tyler 
Are these statistics even real? Some seem a little bias. However I am California Native, Los Angeles to be exact and will all of the problems that we do have going on, I love my state! When I travel people are amused and want to be surrounded by beaches and celebs. Many others states hate and I can’t relate. Vacationing to other states is wonderful however, I will NEVER ever move out of California. Guest 
Have you Californians ever thought about independence? you are an economic global power house on your own! (the state has the 8th largest economy on the planet even larger than India and nearly as large as Russia!!!) cgoofies 
It is very competitive, with people I don’t believe should be holding these jobs I went to school for. Then they can’t leave because they are like sardines usually commuting and not spending quality time working. Beautiful I agree, needs to be demolished and rebuilt, possibly. jackass 
you can say that about any politician, not all dems are bad, not all reps are bad. DW 
All Dems are bad in California, because there is no competition for them and they know they will be re-elected no matter what as long as they hold out that welfare check and keep on letting in illegals. Working class families are in the minority now, so the welfare and public assistance crowd are in charge of who gets elected. In other words, the inmates have taken charge of the mental institute. TangoWhiteTrash 
#54 though. Why is it so hard to understand, we don’t want you! I’m sure you’re all wonderful people, but bringing the same ideologies which caused the problems you’re now running from with you will only ruin us too. Please, solve your problems, we’ve got our own things to worry about. Thor 
According to Californians, Cupernicus was wrong. All of the planets ,moons, stars, etc. do not revolve around the sun…. The sun, moon, planetss and all of the heavens revolve around california!! I dont live there and wouldnt want to visit since california attempts to control how every other state operates, why bother TheTruthburns 
I lived in California when it Was The Golden State – I now refer to it as the Golden Toilet Bowl. Sadly if enough states act like California then those of us who can’t take it will have to move to another Country. Man – what the hell ever happened to the Good Ole USA? Gregory Chandler 
California’s government leaders tend to have the attitude, this is California so we do as you please. This attitude is the same among liberals and conservatives. Many people who live in California conduct a substantial amount of business elsewhere. Therefore, you get the beauty of California without all of the silliness. Craig Hempfling 
Can’t wait for a good 9.9 quake to get rid of Gov. Brown and the rest of you idiots a-0 
I have been traveling to Nor cal for years for work. I consider all of california north mexico at this point. I conceal a firearm against state laws due to the out of control crime situation. I am also starting to pull all of my buisness out of state, if only i could do it sooner. Jules 
Forgot one huge thing on this list. California has the worst worker’s compensation in the country. It’s pro employer and con injuried worker. 90% of all major claims are denied even though multiple doctors including state issued QMEs (Qualified Medical Evaluator) agree that care is needed. In addition after a claim is denied an anonymous IMR (independent medical review) can deny the claim without reasoning nor can ever be identified. Also worker’s compensation payouts are the worst in the country even though we pay the most into it and have one of the highest cost of living. TexanForever 
After working there for 40 years I retired back to west-central rural Texas and haven’t regretted it one moment. I miss the beaches, ocean, “Catalina Eddy,” and the sound of seals barking at night as I go to sleep. But the crazyness brought on by the gang-bangers, the crazy Southbay Curve on the 405, the feel-good looney libs, the overly complex rules, the taxes, and Governor Moonbeam (not once but twice), makes it just not worth it. 
Deer now come up into my yard at night to graze on the bermuda grass lawn. People drive down the streets at an unhurried laid-back 20 mph and wave at each other, whether sitting on porches or in pick-ups. … even though they might not know each other. Kids say “yes ma’am” and “no ma’am,” and adults do too, regardless of age differences. It’s a more civil way of life. There are loaded pistols, rifles, and shotguns in every house but there is virtually no crime, and no one ever gets shot. I can go to town and leave all my doors open and unlocked. 
Can’t say I don’t miss California, but it’s the old California I miss, not the insane place it has become, thanks entirely to the Marxist liberals. Fembot220 
i don’t like California that much. Nor cal is a hard place to live and off the charts when it comes to cost of living. I’m moving to the Midwest where people are conservative and you can rent a house for what you would pay for a crappy closet sized apartment out here. Wayne baumback 
Sounds like a little jealousy. Facebook, Apple, twitter, google, tesla, Intel, eBay, craigslist, oracle, and can go on forever are doing so poorly, high taxes and govt regulations. Even mitt Romney campaigned against high taxes and govt regulation, then lost the election and moved to calif.",0
5093,Supreme Court Decides to Weigh in On Transgender Rights,"By Adalia Woodbury on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016 at 11:31 pm On Friday, the Supreme Court decided to weigh in on transgender rights in the case of Gloucester County School Board vs. G.G. This gives the right wing another chance to take civil rights away from people they don’t like. Plain and simple. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
On Friday, the Supreme Court decided to weigh in on transgender rights in the case of Gloucester County School Board vs. G.G . This gives the right wing another chance to take civil rights away from people they don’t like. Plain and simple. 
At issue is whether a transgender student who identifies as a boy has a right to use the bathroom that corresponds with the gender he identifies with. 
Last summer, the court granted the school board’s request to put a lower court ruling in the student’s favor on hold until the board filed its petition for review by the Supreme Court. Justice Breyer joined the conservative justices in that ruling as a courtesy. 
The Virginia school board established a policy mirroring “bathroom police” laws in red states like North Carolina that required students to use rest rooms and locker rooms to correspond with the gender they were assigned at birth. 
In this case, the district court ruled against G.G. by relying on a 1975 regulation allowing schools to provide “separate toilet, locker room and shower facilities based on sex” provided those facilities are comparable to those provided to the opposite sex. 
In January 2015, the Department of Education’s Office of Civil Rights issued a letter opining that if schools separate students in restroom and locker rooms based on their sex a “school must treat transgender students” in a manner consistent “with their gender identity.” 
Because of that letter, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit reversed the lower court ruling in favor of G.G. It relied on a 1997 Supreme Court decision that courts generally should defer to an agency’s interpretation of its own regulation. 
In reality, the right wing hopes to achieve two political objectives with this case. First, this is about denying basic rights and dignity to people who are transgender, which is consistent with their ideological opposition to rights for women, POC and members of the LGBT community. Second, the right wing is hoping to weaken Federal Agencies by attacking their ability to interpret their own regulations.",0
5094,EU Adds Cost of Migrants in Turkey to Brexit Bill,"The bill for Britain’s Brexit divorce settlement is growing ever longer, with leaders in Brussels now saying that Britain should continue to pick up a portion of the tab for migrants living in Turkey beyond accession. [Initial demands that Britain should pay into the European Union’s   Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) until it expires at the end of 2020  —   a year after Brexit  —   have since expanded to include references to “issues resulting from” the budget, as well as those related to the European Investment Bank (EIB) and European Development Fund (EDF).  German representatives are now suggesting that “issues” may include the Facility for Refugees, paid to Turkey, which currently stands at some €3 billion, of which €1. 5 billion has already been allocated and €777 million spent. The member states are insisting that a financial settlement is reached before addressing questions of trade. A senior EU official has admitted that it is impossible to calculate the full cost of “political commitments” but warned that the other member states were determined to present a united front on the question of finance. “What really surprised me was the unanimous view on the question of the financial settlement,” he said of a preparatory meeting to draw up negotiating guidelines. “I have never seen net payers and net contributors working so closely together to make sure the financial settlement and a substantive decision on this should be part of this ‘sufficient progress’ [before the issue of trade talks can be raised]. ” Prime Minister Theresa May has said that Britain will not pay to exit the EU, but will stand by her financial commitments. However, she has denied the commitments add up to €60 billion, as EU figures are suggesting. “Even using their broadest parameters, we run the numbers and cannot get to €60bn,” a British source told The Telegraph. “A lot of the things being said by the European side now are simply unrealistic. Everyone is posturing and positioning. The negotiations will bring it all back to reality. ” German Chancellor Angela Merkel warned Britain not to harbour “illusions” that the Brexit negotiations can be run parallel to trade talks, reiterating the EU intended to stand its ground on negotiating a financial settlement before contemplating trade talks. Conversely, British negotiators in Whitehall have shown willingness to pay into the MFF beyond Brexit in the hope of buying good will on trade talks.",0
5095,BREAKING: WikiLeaks Just Released Full ISIS Donor List With Names,"in: Government , Government Corruption , Obama Exposed , Sleuth Journal , Special Interests , Whistle Blowers Barack Hussein Obama and Hillary Clinton are the founders of ISIS. We have proven that through emails and documents leaked from WikiLeaks, but liberal media outlets still refuse to cover it. After all, they are still more focused on what Trump said eleven years ago than what Hillary has actually done. Because of brave patriots like Julian Assange, we have been given more evidence that Hillary Clinton is more connected to ISIS than we originally believed. An email was leaked between Clinton and John Podesta indicating that: “Western intelligence, US intelligence and sources in the region” to accuse Qatar and Saudi Arabia of “providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL [or ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups in the region.” Citing the need to “use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets,” said Hillary to Podesta while arguing the current developments in the Middle East were “important to the U.S. for reasons that often differ from country to country.” Odd that Clinton argues Saudi Arabia and Qatar are helping fund ISIS when Hillary’s largest donations come from those two countries. She Is Funded By Nations That Fund ISIS. Coincidence? In another correspondence from 2012, the Director of Foreign Policy at the Clinton Foundation, Amitabh Desai , set up a meeting with Bill Clinton for five minutes in exchange for a $1,000,000 “birthday check.” The email adds that the small but rich nation occupying the Qatar Peninsula would “welcome [the Clinton Foundation’s] suggestions for investments in Haiti — particularly on education and health.” Desai added that while Qatar had already “allocated most of their $20 million … [they were] happy to consider projects we suggest.” We now see two more examples of the Clinton’s acting corrupt and being intertwined with nations that fund ISIS. For those that do not see where the dots connect, let’s simplify how this all worked for Hillary. Hillary, as Secretary of State, would sell terrorist nations large weapons deals only after they gave her a very generous donation to her “foundation.” These weapons, provided by Hillary and her State Department, then filtered down from Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Libya, and so on to create, supply, and bolster terrorist groups. That is exactly how ISIS was created. But instead of blowing them up with an air assault, Hillary and Obama decided to leave ISIS alone. Why? Because ISIS being in the Middle East allows the Obama/Clinton machine to make millions in personal profits from these nations in a repetitive cycle of selling weapons. They are choosing personal gain over eliminating a terrorist group. Let that sink in. Why else have they not arrested Hillary for all of these crimes? The FBI would arrest you in a heartbeat if you went to Facebook right now to praise Allah and ISIS. It also speaks volumes as to why they are trying so hard to silence Julian Assange.",0
5096,Muslim Reform Leader Asra Nomani: Donald Trump’s Overseas Trip Has Been ’Genius’ So Far,"Asra Nomani,   of the Muslim Reform Movement and author of Standing Alone: An American Woman’s Struggle for the Soul of Islam, joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday morning. Her original goal was to discuss President Trump’s address to Muslim leaders in Riyadh, but she began by talking about the previous night’s horrific terrorist attack at the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England. [“It’s a grim morning,” said Nomani. “I know so many young folks who love Ariana Grande. It could be any concert, anywhere. It’s just another tragedy. ”  LISTEN: “I also feel the connection to the reality of the patterns of Islamic extremism and terrorism,” she continued. “We know that the U. K. has a history of radicalization. ” Referring to a news clip in which Prime Minister Theresa May said it was not known if the Manchester attacker acted alone or was part of a network, Nomani said, “At the end of the day, if it is Islamic extremism, we know that it’s part of a wider network of ideology. ” “That brings us to the speech in Saudi Arabia, and the connection between all of this,” she said. “It’s tragedy, more blood spilled on the streets of our world. I’ve always been saying we have to wake up to the realities of the ideological threat that we face. ” After speaking with a caller who doubted Islam is compatible with Western values, Marlow asked Nomani for her response. “I understand the sentiment,” she said. “I emerge from moments like this also very angry and very grim about the prospects of the capacity for our faith to integrate well with the West. ”  “What I say is I’m a Muslim who was born in India to a mother who had to wear the face veil, so you know that we came from a very conservative interpretation of Islam,” she recalled.  “I came to America. I grew up on Nancy Drew as my best friend. I was a    which many people don’t even know still exists. I was a Girl Scout. My mom didn’t want to sign the permission slip to let me go square dance because girls were not supposed to dance with boys. I forced her to do so and had my first dance with a young boy who came from a Jewish family in Morgantown, West Virginia,” she said.  “What is Islam? There is no monolithic interpretation of the faith, just like there is no one interpretation of Christianity or Judaism,” Nomani contended. “And so we sit, many of us in our Muslim community, as reformers challenging the hardcore conservative orthodox ideology that I do believe is the sort of impetus for the ire of folks like your caller, who don’t think there is a possibility for compatibility. ”  “What we argue is for values that are in sync with Western values. We use Islamic theology as our grounding. We are engaged in a struggle for the soul of Islam  —   in a struggle just like Catholics were in the Inquisition, trying to face a church that was burning and killing their own Catholics who thought differently. I just wish and hope that people would allow for the expanse that there is, that includes us as Muslims challenging that orthodoxy that also angers us,” she said. Nomani shared Marlow’s concern that the more hardline, and even radical, interpretations of Islam seem to be proliferating more quickly than the reformist approach she advocates. She said her mission was made more difficult by the left’s contention that “you can’t have this conversation and that you can’t talk about the extremism problem otherwise, you’re an Islamophobe or a racist or a bigot. ” “I literally said to my friend, ‘We need you. You have to have our backs. We can’t have you abandon us because we are facing so much,’” she recalled saying to a friend with whom she was arguing. “A while ago, just over a year ago, I started a petition to have a boycott of the government of Saudi Arabia. I knew, as a Muslim, that that was not going to happen. I voted for Donald Trump because I believed that he was going to be able to figure out some way that we could challenge the extremism. I knew that with bases in Qatar and Saudi Arabia that we’re going to have to cut some kind of a deal. We’re going to have to incentivize these guys in a way that was not going to be aligned with my ideas of a boycott against these exporters of extremism,” she acknowledged.  “This week, in a scenario that I could never have imagined, Donald Trump went there to Saudi Arabia, did the sword dance, got the golden necklace  —   all moments that turned my stomach as a Muslim, as a Muslim reformer especially,” Nomani said. “But then the next day, through the genius that he has figured out, he was able to have this audience in which he dared to call out Islamic extremism. ”  “Folks have tried to do this tap dance that he was tired and didn’t mean to say ‘Islamic.’ Well, he said Islamic. He said Islamist. He called it out, and he said what needs to be said, which is it needs to be destroyed. It needs to be rooted out of our communities, out of our mosques,” she declared.  “When I went to Rome some years ago, I did what I called the ‘heretic score.’ I went to all the places where people in the Catholic Church were burned and killed and hung and persecuted. But Catholics persevered, and now there is a very different church than there existed during the Inquisition,” she observed. “I don’t want to wait hundreds of years, trust me. I just want to have some hope that we can have transformation. Stand with us, please. ” In Nomani’s estimation, President Trump’s trip to the Middle East has been “genius. ” “In the seventh century, Prophet Mohammed flew on this mythical creature, the story goes  —   a winged horse, Buraq. This horse took him from Mecca to Jerusalem, to that place that’s the Dome of the Rock now. That’s what my name means. ‘Asra’ is that journey. I could never have imagined that a President of the United States would get flying rights to go from Saudi Arabia to Israel,” she said.  “That happened, and he even uttered the words ‘Israel’ and ‘Netanyahu’ in Saudi Arabia without somebody throwing off their shoe and flying it across the chandelier room to smack him in the face. It’s unbelievable,” she observed, humorously citing the Arab custom of throwing shoes to express severe disapproval.   “I actually think that if you talk    with these power brokers, who ultimately care about their bottom lines  —   including in the Palestinian territory, there could actually be deals cut that forge a   solution, that forge an acceptance of the state of Israel,” Nomani advised.  “My dream as a Muslim, as a human being, as a citizen of this world, is that before my    grows into adulthood, there will be a retreat by the government of Saudi Arabia from this poisonous ideology that has corrupted minds from Manchester, England, to Orlando, Florida, back to my home in the state of Virginia right now. It has to happen,” she said.  “I’m literally driving right now my son to school because he missed the bus, and we are just miles away from the mosque where the   hijackers preached, where they prayed, where Anwar   preached. This is a reality around each one of us and all of our communities,” she warned. “We have to stand strong with, I believe, compassion and kindness against the reality of this threat. That’s what I saw on this tour. It turned my stomach at points, absolutely. Saudi Arabia is the problem. But it also, unfortunately, has to be the solution. We have to negotiate in a way that they will come to the table and accept responsibility for the scourge that they’ve put out in the world,” Nomani urged. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. Listen to the full audio of the interview above.",0
5097,Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner Said to Have Helped Thwart L.G.B.T. Rights Rollback - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The two most influential social liberals in President Trump’s inner circle  —   daughter Ivanka and    Jared Kushner  —   helped kill a proposed executive order that would have scrapped   L. G. B. T. protections, according to people familiar with the issue. A third, Gary D. Cohn, the chairman of the president’s National Economic Council, a Democrat who was brought to the West Wing by Mr. Kushner and reflects the socially liberal and economically conservative views of many Wall Street power brokers, privately told aides to the president that he was disturbed it was even being considered. The executive order has exposed what is likely to be a persistent schism in Mr. Trump’s paradoxical presidency: He is a cosmopolitan New Yorker who has long operated in an environment where sexual orientation is often an afterthought, but is nonetheless beholden to the social conservatives who backed him overwhelmingly in 2016, despite reports of his crudeness and sexual misdeeds. Mr. Kushner, a lifelong Democrat, and Ms. Trump, an independent, travel in liberal social circles and have long supported L. G. B. T. rights. Neither had seen the order before details were leaked. They expressed their dissatisfaction to Mr. Trump’s other advisers, and then weighed in directly with the president, who opposes   marriage but has spoken out against discrimination. On Monday night, reports had swirled that Mr. Trump would sign some version of the rollback as a concession to social conservatives ahead of the president’s announcement of a United States Supreme Court nominee. As a result, White House officials pushed out a statement asserting that Mr. Trump “is determined to protect the rights of all Americans, including the L. G. B. T. Q. community,” adding that the president “continues to be respectful and supportive of L. G. B. T. Q. rights, just as he was throughout the election. ” The draft order, circulated by religious conservatives allied with Mr. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, was one of about 250 edicts that have been sent to federal agencies for vetting. Mr. Trump never seriously considered signing the order, and did not need much convincing, people close to him said. Still, conservatives inside the Trump camp pressured the president to consider a version of a “religious freedom” measure, similar to one supported by Mr. Pence in 2015 while he was the governor of Indiana, according to two senior administration officials. Mr. Pence, however, did not personally push for the White House order, according to one of his allies. Mr. Kushner and Ms. Trump’s opposition to the draft was first reported by Politico. It came on the heels of an announcement by the Nordstrom department store chain that it will scale back on featuring Ms. Trump’s clothing line from its stores, a public blow to a brand she has spent years cultivating. A day after the White House quashed the religious freedom order, at the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington, Mr. Trump offered religious conservatives an olive branch by proposing to eliminate a law that bars churches with Internal Revenue Service charity designations from making political endorsements. Some conservative leaders warned Mr. Trump that his decision to retain former President Barack Obama’s order on L. G. B. T. rights could have   political implications. “Our base would want to know who is responsible for what we believe is an issue of religious liberty  —   that would be of concern to us,” said Bob Vander Plaats, the chief executive of The Family Leader, a socially conservative organization. “We have been consistent,” Mr. Vander Plaats added. “We’ve cheered President Trump a lot. But on this one, our base is wondering why Obama’s executive order would be allowed to stand?” Tony Perkins, the president of the conservative Family Research Council, backed the draft order and said he believed Mr. Trump’s opposition was only temporary. He pointed out that evangelicals were supportive of Mr. Trump during the campaign, and that there would need to be reconciliation between his support for religious liberty and his decision to uphold the L. G. B. T. order. “He gets it,” Mr. Perkins said of the president. “They will have to fix it and they will. I’m confident they will. Am I concerned? No. Not at this point. ” The topic of the order was a sensitive one in a West Wing that prides itself on decisiveness and bombast. “There are a lot of ideas that are being floated out,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters on Thursday. “Part of it is, the president does all the time, he asks for input, he asks for ideas. And on a variety of subjects there are staffing procedures that go on where people have a thought or an idea and it goes through the process. ”",0
5099,"Bangladesh Arrests Over 3,000 to Halt Attacks - The New York Times","DHAKA, Bangladesh  —   More than 3, 000 people, some of them known Islamist militants, have been arrested in a series of police raids intended to quell a wave of deadly machete attacks against bloggers, minorities and others, the police said Saturday. The roundup began last week after militants killed the wife of a police superintendent who had been investigating the machete attacks. Over the course of the week, the police said, they killed five militants in shootouts. They were members of the Jama’atul Mujahedeen Bangladesh, one of two groups that the authorities believe are behind most of the attacks, the police said. Many citizens criticized the government for not taking action sooner against the militants, who have created a climate of terror since they began murdering secularist bloggers and others more than three years ago. Since 2013, bloggers, freethinkers, religious minorities, foreigners, gay activists, followers of more liberal strains of Islam and others have been killed in attacks carried out mostly by groups of young men wielding machetes. The government had previously arrested dozens of people involved in at least 40 such attacks, but until this past week had not carried out a nationwide crackdown. People close to the government said leaders were hesitant to clamp down for fear of alienating radical fundamentalists, who form a large voting bloc. “I welcome this special drive. It should have been taken much earlier,” said Shahriar Kabir, the general secretary of the South Asian People’s Union Against Fundamentalism and Communalism. The police believe Mr. Kabir was one of the militants’ top targets, and he leaves his house here only with police protection. But the leading opposition party, the Bangladesh Nationalist Party, accused the government of using the crackdown as an excuse to round up opponents. “In the name of an antimilitant drive, the government is arresting opposition activists, including B. N. P. and other antigovernment people,” said Ruhul Kabir Rizvi, the party’s senior joint secretary general. A. K. M. Kamrul Ahsan, a Bangladeshi police spokesman, said that the crackdown began Friday at 6 a. m. and that within 24 hours more than 3, 000 suspects had been arrested nationwide. Five members of the Islamist group Jama’atul Mujahedeen Bangladesh were killed in shootouts with the police during the week, including one militant wanted in connection with the killing of a doctor last year and another who was suspected of shooting up a Shiite mosque during evening prayers last year, the police said. Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, speaking at a meeting of her Awami League party committee on Saturday, vowed that the killers would be hunted down. Ms. Hasina also suggested that opposition parties had been involved in the killings of the bloggers and others. In addition to local groups, the Islamic State has claimed responsibility for some of the killings on social media, and several attacks have been claimed by a faction of Al Qaeda on the Indian subcontinent.",0
5100,"Dems Agree with Putin, Communist China on Paris Climate Change Agreement","President Donald Trump announced on Thursday that the United States will not comply with the Paris Climate Change Agreement agreed to by former President Barack Obama in 2015 without the consent of Congress. [Not everyone agrees with the decision, including Democrats, Vladimir Putin and the communist Chinese government.  “The Russian Government has said it supports the Paris Agreement on climate change ahead of Donald Trump’s expected announcement that he will withdraw the US from the landmark accord,” the UK Independent reported on Thursday. The Kremlin said the deal, which seeks to limit global warming to as close to a 1. 5 degrees Celsius increase as possible, would be less effective without the participation of major countries, Reuters reported. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters that “President (Vladimir) Putin signed this convention in Paris. Russia attaches great significance to it. “At the same time, it goes without saying that the effectiveness of this convention is likely to be reduced without its key participants,” Peskov said. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said there was an “international responsibility” for countries to take action over climate change during a trip to Europe for talks with European Union officials. The communist leader also claimed there is a “global consensus” on the need to fight climate change. “In an unprecedented step, the European Union and China are to release a joint statement in a sign of the increasing closeness between Brussels and Beijing  —   and the widening divide between Brussels and Washington under Mr Trump,” the Independent reported. Meanwhile, Democrats have launched a war of words since the moment Trump made the announcement, including former President Barack Obama. “Even in the absence of American leadership even as this Administration joins a small handful of nations that reject the future I’m confident that our states, cities, and businesses will step up and do even more to lead the way, and help protect for future generations the one planet we’ve got,” Obama said in a statement. In a statement, Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ( ) said the decision “could go down as one of the worst foreign policy blunders in our nation’s history. ” Rep. Bill Foster ( ) told the Mic website it will be devastating for the country and the environment. “If you’re a scientist and you stand up and say something you know is not true, it is a   move,” Foster said. “I lost count of the number of objectively false statements the president made   …     the   will have a field day. ” “President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement is a catastrophic mistake that puts the   interests of his friends in the fossil fuel industry ahead of the safety and security of American people and the future of our planet,” Sen Al Franken ( ) said.",0
5101,More on Trump’s Populism and How It Can Be Controlled By Government, ,0
5102,"Fighting in Aleppo Leaves 2 Million Without Water, U.N. Says - The New York Times","Two million people in the contested Syrian city of Aleppo lack access to running water because of escalated fighting, the United Nations said Tuesday, beseeching combatants to declare a humanitarian pause to permit emergency deliveries of aid and to fix damaged pumps. “The U. N. is extremely concerned that the consequences will be dire for millions of civilians if the electricity and water networks are not immediately repaired,” the organization said in a statement. “The U. N. stands ready to assist the civilian population of Aleppo, a city now united in its suffering,” the statement said. “At a minimum, the U. N. requires a     or weekly   humanitarian pauses to reach the millions of people in need throughout Aleppo and replenish the food and medicine stocks, which are running dangerously low. ” The statement also denounced the military targeting of hospitals and clinics, which it said “continues unabated, seriously jeopardizing the health and welfare of all citizens of Aleppo. ” The fighting in Aleppo, Syria’s largest city before the civil war that began more than five years ago, escalated sharply over the weekend, when rebel forces and their jihadist allies challenged the government’s siege of   districts. They severed the primary government supply route to Aleppo, effectively isolating the entire city. Roughly 275, 000 people in   eastern Aleppo have been under siege by Syrian forces and their Russian military partners since July. The rebel advance put civilians in   western Aleppo at risk, increasing the total population under threat to about two million. The crisis worsened as the United Nations Security Council was briefed privately on Tuesday by the special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, and the top humanitarian aid official, Stephen O’Brien. Mr. de Mistura, who has been seeking to restart peace talks, did not speak publicly afterward, but diplomats later told reporters that he did not foresee a resumption of talks in August. “He doesn’t want any preconditions to exist, he wants to be able to control the process, he wants to decide about the timing,” said Alexis Lamek, France’s deputy ambassador. “I don’t see how we can have meaningful talks if there is not the minimal conducive environment for that. ” Samantha Power, the United States ambassador, was also pessimistic: “We’re in reverse gear” on the issues of humanitarian access and a cessation of hostilities in the conflict, she said, the two conditions for peace talks to resume. “So we’ve always understood that these were three legs on a stool, and in order for the stool to be upright, all of the legs have to be stable,” she said. “And from what we heard, we’re a long way from that. ” Mr. O’Brien, who spoke outside the council’s chambers after his appearance, said he had told council diplomats of “the horrific humanitarian situation in Aleppo, where fighting rages and two million people live in fear of besiegement. ” He said children were especially vulnerable from the water crisis and that wells drilled in the city were “not nearly enough to sustain the population. ” Mr. O’Brien also said there had been no emergency deliveries to Aleppo this month, despite a previously negotiated agreement for humanitarian access. “This was not in line with the plan,” he said. Aid delivery teams for the United Nations were “ready to roll” if a humanitarian pause could be enforced, Mr. O’Brien said, but for now it was too dangerous “even for the very brave people on the ground  —   they are brave, but they are not suicidal. ” Hundreds of thousands of people have been killed in Syria and millions displaced since the conflict began in March 2011 as a peaceful opposition movement against President Bashar  . The Syrian Center for Policy Research, a   group, estimated earlier this year that the death toll was at least 470, 000. ",0
5103,Trump Lawyers Agree to Settlement Talks in University Suit - The New York Times,"SAN DIEGO  —   Donald J. Trump’s lawyers agreed on Thursday to enter settlement talks in a   fraud lawsuit involving the   and Trump University, now defunct, raising the possibility of a quick end to the    case just before it goes to trial. Daniel Petrocelli, Mr. Trump’s lead lawyer on the case, also asked to delay the trial to early next year, saying Mr. Trump needed time to work on the transition to the presidency. “The good news is that he was elected president,” Mr. Petrocelli told Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel of Federal District Court. “The bad news is that he has even more work to do now. ” Mr. Trump has accused Judge Curiel, who was born in Indiana, of bias in the case because of his Mexican heritage. Both sides accepted Judge Curiel’s offer to work with Judge Jeffrey Miller of Federal District Court on a possible settlement. “I can tell you right now I’m all ears,” Mr. Petrocelli told Judge Curiel. Patrick Coughlin, a lawyer for the former students who sued, told reporters that previous attempts failed. “We’ve been miles apart,” he said. Judge Curiel said more than 100 potential jurors would be in court on Nov. 28, and nine would be picked to begin hearing arguments no more than two days later. He said he expected both sides to finish presenting their cases around Dec. 14. Mr. Petrocelli said it was unlikely that Mr. Trump would attend the trial, and Judge Curiel said he did not expect he would. The lawsuit, filed in 2010 on behalf of former students, says Trump University gave seminars and classes across the country under the guise of being an accredited school and pressured people to spend up to $35, 000 on mentorships from Mr. Trump’s “handpicked” instructors. The claims largely mirror another   complaint in San Diego and a lawsuit in New York.",0
5104,Dilbert Creator Explains “How Do I Know The Emails Are That Bad?”,"
If you’re following the news, you know FBI Director James Comey announced that the FBI found a bunch of emails on Anthony Weiner’s laptop.
As Dilbert Creator Scott Adams notes, there appears to be two main observations:
1. Comey seemed pro-Clinton when he dropped the initial email case.
2. Comey seems anti-Clinton this week because he announced a new round of investigations right before the election.
So, how can both behaviors be explained? 
First some background from Adams on ‘The Persuasion Filter’ :
As my regular readers know, the Persuasion Filter is related to the idea that the human brain never evolved to accurately comprehend reality . In order for us to be here today, our predecessors only needed to survive and procreate. They had no need to understand reality at any basic level. And we have no such need either. That’s why you might believe you are reincarnated from a monk and I might believe my prophet flew to heaven on a winged horse but we can both get through the day just fine. Many different interpretations of reality are good enough for survival. I like to describe reality as each person living their own movie, which works well unless our script’s conflict. When that happens, one of us goes into cognitive dissonance and rewrites our past to make the movies consistent. 
That’s how I see the world.
Last year in this blog I suggested that the most productive and predictive way to view reality is through what I call the Persuasion Filter. That’s what I have been using to make spooky-good predictions about the election so far. And that’s what I’ll use today to give you an alternate movie about James Comey. Compare it to the movie you are running in your head and see which one better predicts the future.
The base assumption of the Persuasion Filter is that people are irrational 90% of the time and only rarely – when no emotions are involved – truly rational. This is the reverse of the common filter for reality, in which people are assumed to be rational 90% of the time and a bit crazy 10% of the time. That’s some background for context.
Read more here… 
So, back to Comey, Adams asks – which movie does the best job of explaining our observations and also predicting the future? 
Some say Comey is a political pawn in a rigged system. By that movie script we can explain why he dropped the initial email case. But we can’t explain why he’s acting against Clinton’s interests now. What changed?
Well, some say Comey had to reopen the case against Clinton after discovering the Weiner laptop emails. If he failed to act, there might be a revolt at the FBI and maybe a whistleblower would come forward . But that leaves unexplained why Comey detailed to Congress how Clinton appeared to be guilty of crimes at the same time he said the FBI was dropping the case. If Comey had been protecting Clinton on the first round, he would have softened his description of her misdeeds, wouldn’t he? But he didn’t seem to hold back anything.
And none of those hypotheses explain why the people who know Comey have high regard for his integrity. Comey also has the security of a 10-year appointment as Director, so he has a low chance of getting fired or politically influenced. That’s exactly why the job has a 10-year term. Given what we know of Comey before any of the Clinton emails, any movie that casts Comey as an ass-covering weasel is probably making a casting mistake.
So allow me to offer an interpretation of events that casts Comey as more of a patriot and hero than an ass-covering weasel. Compare my interpretation with whatever movie you have in your head and see which one works best for explaining and predicting.
My movie says Comey had good evidence against Clinton during the initial investigation but made a judgement call to leave the decision to the American public . For reasons of conscience, and acting as a patriot, Comey explained in clear language to the public exactly what evidence the FBI found against Clinton. The evidence looked damning because it was. Under this interpretation, Comey took a bullet to his reputation for the sake of the Republic. He didn’t want the FBI to steal this important decision away from the people, but at the same time he couldn’t let the people decide blind. So he divulged the evidence and stepped away, like the action hero who doesn’t look back at the explosion. 
In the second act of this movie, Comey learns that the Weiner laptop had emails that were so damning it would be a crime against the public to allow them to vote without first seeing a big red flag. And a flag was the best he could do because it was too early in the investigation to leak out bits and pieces of the evidence. That would violate Clinton’s rights.
But Comey couldn’t easily raise a red flag to warn the public because it was against FBI policy to announce a criminal investigation about a candidate so close to election day. So Comey had a choice of either taking another bullet for the Republic or screwing the very country that he has spent his career protecting. 
In this movie, Comey did the hero thing. He alerted the public to the fact that the FBI found DISQUALIFYING information on the Weiner laptop. And he took a second bullet to his reputation. 
How do I know the new emails are that bad? 
I start by assuming Comey is the same man now as the one who was carefully vetted before being hired to protect the integrity of one of our most important institutions. And even Comey’s critics concede he’s smart. 
So…
The way you know the new emails are disqualifying for Clinton is because otherwise our hero would have privately informed Congress and honored the tradition of not influencing elections. Comey is smart enough to know his options. And unless he suddenly turned rotten at his current age, he’s got the character to jump in front of a second bullet for the Republic.
According to this movie, no matter who gets elected, we’ll eventually learn of something disqualifying in the Weiner emails.
And we can’t say we weren’t warned. Comey took two bullets to do it. 
So compare this movie to your own movie and see which one does the best job of explaining the observed facts. And when we find out what is in the Weiner laptop emails, compare that news to my prediction that the information is disqualifying.
The Persuasion Filter says there is no preferred reality. We all see our own movies. In my movie, Comey’s has a consistent personality from start to finish. He starts out his career as a smart, competent patriot and he later proves it by taking two bullets for the Republic. If your movie script has Comey suddenly changing his basic character for this election season, don’t expect an Oscar. 
Read more here… 
Of course if you’re a Democrat, this is all irrelevant and Comey is “A Putin puppet” (Howard Dean), “a federal law-breaker who should never have been appointed” (Harry Reid), and “a partisan, prejudiced individual” (Eric Holder)…
NEW: Former Attorney General Holder, dozens of other former DOJ officials pen letter criticizing FBI director Comey. https://t.co/aXmWvAiFMg pic.twitter.com/FskFeDpoyE 
— ABC News (@ABC) October 31, 2016 

You decide which makes more sense – Scott Adams’ “movie” or the real partisan hacks above? Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . ",0
5105,Precedent: Right After 1992 Election Bill Clinton Fired U.S. Attorney Jeff Sessions - Breitbart,"As liberals react in horror over Trump Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ decision to ask for the resignation of 46   U. S. Attorneys, an inconvenient fact has also surfaced. Jeff Sessions himself was fired by a newly elected president in 1993 when Bill Clinton won his first term in office. [The Department of Justice announced on Friday that U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions asked for the resignation of 46 U. S. Attorneys who were appointed during President Barack Obama’s regime.  The Attorney General’s actions are not uncommon. Many past presidents and their AGs have asked for the resignations of U. S. attorneys they were tasked with overseeing. In 2006 George W. Bush was attacked by liberals for firing seven U. S. attorneys. He was hardly the first. Both Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan fired a list of attorneys when they came to office. President Obama also cleaned house but at a slower pace, replacing many of the 94 U. S. attorneys one at a time instead of starting with a mass firing. Despite the long list of past presidents who also fired U. S. attorneys, as they are legally allowed to do, CNN criticized the firing, reporting an unnamed source saying, “This could not have been handled any worse. ” Upon the announcement, liberals took to Twitter to complain about the Attorney General’s actions. One liberal even tried to blame Sean Hannity for the AG’s actions. Firing of 46 US Attorneys by Sessions occurred day after Sean Hannity called for ”purge” of Obama appointees https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Ari Berman (@AriBerman) March 10, 2017,  But along with all the complaints, others noted that Sessions himself faced the exact same situation when President Bill Clinton entered the White House. After being appointed the U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama by President Ronald Reagan and serving through President George H. W. Bush, Sessions was also fired by an incoming president in 1993.  Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
5106,Will Another Previously Killed Clinton Investigation Be Revived?,"Email 
With the FBI reopening the investigation of Hillary Clinton for crimes related to sending and receiving classified information over her unsecured private e-mail server, her campaign is looking at a rough last few days of the race. Now, there appears to be evidence that — even though the Justice Department had previously scuttled an investigation into the possibility that the Clintons were blurring the lines between their own personal finances and those of the Clinton Foundation — the Justice Department may finally be forced into a position to conduct a real investigation. If that happens, the wheels may come off of the Clinton cart. 
When an investigation into whether Anthony Weiner sent sexually explicit messages to a teenage girl led investigators to seize and examine his laptop, they made an unexpected discovery. That laptop contained about 650,000 e-mails and some of those — according to an analysis of the metadata — came from Hillary Clinton’s personal server and may have contained classified data. Investigators brought FBI Director James Comey into the loop last week and he immediately contacted Congress to say that he was reopening the investigation . While there are multiple possible reasons for Comey’s decision , it is clear that the new investigation — announced so close to the election — will hurt Clinton’s bid for the White House. 
And — whether it comes out as part of this investigation or not — the fact that there were no clear lines of demarcation between the Clintons' personal finances and those of the Clinton Foundation will hound Hillary Clinton into the future. That reality exists and will continue to exist regardless of the outcome of next Tuesday’s election. 
The Wall Street Journal reported Sunday that The latest development began in early October when New York-based FBI officials notified Andrew McCabe, the bureau’s second-in-command, that while investigating Mr. [Anthony] Weiner for possibly sending sexually charged messages to a teenage minor, they had recovered a laptop. Many of the 650,000 emails on the computer, they said, were from the accounts of Ms. Abedin [Weiner's estranged wife and vice-chair of Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign], according to people familiar with the matter. Those emails stretched back years, these people said, and were on a laptop that hadn’t previously come up in the Clinton email probe. Ms. Abedin said in late August that the couple were separating. The FBI had searched the computer while looking for child pornography, people familiar with the matter said, but the warrant they used didn’t give them authority to search for matters related to Mrs. Clinton’s email arrangement at the State Department. Mr. Weiner has denied sending explicit or indecent messages to the minor. 
Also, the Justice Department seems to have made a conscious decision in recent months to ignore the evidence that the Clinton Foundation is a money-making scheme for the Clintons. That may now be changing. The Wall Street Journal reported: New details show that senior law-enforcement officials repeatedly voiced skepticism of the strength of the evidence in a bureau investigation of the Clinton Foundation, sought to condense what was at times a sprawling cross-country effort, and, according to some people familiar with the matter, told agents to limit their pursuit of the case. The probe of the foundation began more than a year ago to determine whether financial crimes or influence peddling occurred related to the charity. Some investigators grew frustrated, viewing FBI leadership as uninterested in probing the charity, these people said. Others involved disagreed sharply, defending FBI bosses and saying Mr. McCabe in particular was caught between an increasingly acrimonious fight for control between the Justice Department and FBI agents pursuing the Clinton Foundation case. 
Given that there is ample evidence of the chicanery of the Clinton Foundation as well as evidence that the Clintons were using the foundation to grow their vast wealth, it staggers the mind that investigators “voiced skepticism of the strength of the evidence.” For instance, U.S. News and World Report recently wrote of a memo from 2011 about “Background on Teneo and Foundation Activities.” The leaked memo, which was recently published by WikiLeaks, was written by Doug Band — a top aide to Bill Clinton — and includes some damning stuff. In one part of the memo, Band writes about all the money he has raised for both Bill Clinton and the foundation — which he refers to collectively as ""Bill Clinton, Inc.” 
Band wrote: Throughout the past almost 11 years since President Clinton left office, I have sought to leverage my activities, including my partner role at Teneo, to support and to raise funds for the Foundation. This memorandum strives to set forth how I have endeavored to support the Clinton Foundation and President Clinton personally. 
As U.S. News put it, ""The memo demonstrated the kinds of commingling that the Clintons' critics — and even some allies — have said create at least the appearance of inappropriate mixing of public and charitable activities for personal gain."" 
That conclusion seems — if anything — conservative, since Band goes even further in his memo: Independent of our fundraising and decision-making activities on behalf of the Foundation, we have dedicated ourselves to helping the President secure and engage in for-profit activities — including speeches, books, and advisory service engagements. In that context, we have in effect served as agents, lawyers, managers and implementers to secure speaking, business and advisory service deals. In support of the President’s for-profit activity, we also have solicited and obtained, as appropriate, in-kind services for the President and his family — for personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the like. Neither Justin nor I are separately compensated for these activities (e.g., we do not receive a fee for, or percentage of, the more than $50 million in for-profit activity we have personally helped to secure for President Clinton to date or the $66 million in future contracts, should he choose to continue with those engagements). 
It appears that the Clintons learned nothing during the 1990s. If elected (which looks increasingly unlikely), Hillary Clinton will begin her presidency mired in a myriad of scandals. And — like her husband’s legacy — it will be difficult to say from one week to the next which of them should carry the most weight. At any rate, the Clinton Foundation money scandal deserves its place in the spotlight, even if it has to compete with the e-mail scandal, the Podesta e-mails, Benghazi, and whatever other infamous acts may not have come to light yet. Photo: AP Images Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.",0
5107,Another Warning—–Durable Goods Orders,"Another Warning Durable Goods Orders By Lee Adler. Posted On Friday, November 25th, 2016 The Durable Goods Orders report is another data series sending a stark warning to investors. That warning not apparent in the headline numbers or mainstream media reports. This post will show you the real data and the danger it portrays. That will enable you to preserve your capital in the massive stock market adjustment that’s just over the horizon. We can’t see it yet, but it’s there. You need to login to view this content. 
David Stockman’s Contra Corner isn’t your typical financial tipsheet. Instead it’s an ongoing dialogue about what’s really happening in the markets… the economy… and governments… so you can understand the world around you and make better decisions for yourself. 
David believes the world -- certainly the United States -- is at a great inflection point in human history. The massive credit inflation of the last three decades has reached its apogee and is now going to splatter spectacularly. 
This will have lasting ramifications on how governments tax and regulate you… the type of work you and your family members will have available and what you get paid… the value of your nest egg… and all other areas comprising your quality of life. Login 
David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
5108,“People Power” Versus Manipulation of the Masses,"  “People Power” Versus Manipulation of the Masses “People Power” Versus Manipulation of the Masses November 7, 2016, 9:37 am by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
By: Cliff Kincaid | Accuracy in Media 
On November 8, the election will come down to Donald J. Trump’s “people power,” a largely spontaneous uprising of the “silent majority,” against Hillary Clinton’s scientific manipulation of the electorate, using personal data to identify and provoke people to go to the polls. In this effort, Mrs. Clinton has the support of the giant company Google and the president of its parent company, Eric Schmidt. Experts say the effort resembles how the Communist Chinese dictatorship monitors people and modifies their behavior through media manipulation and censorship of the Web. 
As Trump suggests, the election process seems “rigged,” and the evidence has come in the form of another John Podesta email. 
One of the internal Clinton campaign emails disclosed by WikiLeaks shows that Schmidt, chairman of the Google parent company, offered a detailed campaign plan for the Clinton campaign. The April 15, 2014, message, addressed to Clinton aide Cheryl Mills, said, “I have put together my thoughts on the campaign ideas and I have scheduled some meetings in the next few weeks for veterans of the campaign to tell me how to make these ideas better.” The details included “Size, Structure and Timing” and a campaign budget of $1.5 billion, with more than “5000 paid employees and million(s) of volunteers.” The Schmidt email was sent along to several key Clinton people, including campaign chairman John Podesta. 
The plan examines how information is received and reviewed by voters, and what provokes them. Indeed, in a section titled “The Voter,” Schmidt says, “Key is the development of a single record for a voter that aggregates all that is known about them. In 2016 smart phones will be used to identify, meet, and update profiles on the voter.” Schmidt goes on to say, “For each voter, a score is computed ranking probability of the right vote. Analytics can model demographics, social factors and many other attributes of the needed voters.” 
Patrick Wood, editor of Technocracy News, comments that Schmidt’s scoring idea “is just like China’s social scoring of citizens to see who is for them and who is against them.” 
On one level, this means that search engine results are manipulated. In his evaluation of the Schmidt email, Michael Cantrell comments , “For some time now, people have wondered if Google, the world’s largest search engine, might be a tad bit slanted when it comes to politics, favoring left-wing candidates over conservatives in how search results are displayed. Well, it seems those suspicions may not be so far-fetched after all.” 
Earlier this year, in a column carried by Accuracy in Media, Seton Motley documented how Google was designing its search engine to maneuver people away from the issue of Hillary Clinton’s health problems. 
It’s a fact of life that in this era of access to many different sources of information, some people go to the Google search engine and rely on the first item that pops up. That’s how I got banned (temporarily) from the campus of the State University of New York at New Paltz. A feminist professor used Google to search my name and passed around derogatory information from the first source on the search engine page—the Southern Poverty Law Center. She then passed around the information, creating a stink that caused the campus administration to cancel the debate I was scheduled to participate in. 
A new book, Islamic Jihad, Cultural Marxism and the Transformation of the West , examines the role of Google as a new media “gatekeeper” that determines how people see the reality of the world. The author, William Mayer of PipeLineNews.org , examines how Google produces search engine results on the subject of Islamic terrorism that play down criminal activities of leading Jihadists. Mayer says the results can be confusing unless the search terms are assembled with scrupulous precision, “a difficult task when one isn’t exactly sure in advance the extent of the associations being pursued.” 
In his excellent book, Mayer documents in detail the “leftist/Obama/Media merger” that played a significant role in Obama’s 2012 victory and figures prominently in Hillary Clinton’s plan for victory on Tuesday. 
Mayer comments, “…if we think of the Internet as the largest depository of information ever to be created, it assumes in many sense the role of the book of common wisdom. When the universal storehouse of information obfuscates and hides knowledge it becomes censorious, preventing or at least stifling access to non-ideologically approved ideas and information.” 
When Barack Obama campaigns against Trump by citing the KKK, you can rest assured this has been determined by analysts in the Hillary campaign to be at least somewhat effective in scaring blacks. Getting blacks to vote against Trump is a part of what they hope will be their winning strategy. Similarly, when Hillary Clinton campaigns with a profane rapper named Jay Z, the calculation has been made by some brain in the campaign structure that using such a spectacle will inspire other blacks to turn out for the former secretary of state on Election Day. Hillary hopes that the rapper’s popularity will somehow rub off on her. 
These two campaign events are more evidence of how truly “scientific” the progressive movement has become. People are perceived by the Clinton campaign as subjects to be manipulated. 
Even with the use of these scientific techniques, victory is not assured for the “progressive” forces. That is why reports of vote fraud are mounting as Obama sounds the alarm about the KKK. For Trump to win, the “silent majority” will have to be a real majority with millions of votes to spare, surpassing the artificially created “progressive” bloc bolstered by fraudulent votes and created by an emerging technocratic dictatorship of access to information. 
The “media monopoly” that the left used to rail against is now controlled by them. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View   Cliff Kincaid . 0",0
5109,"Pamela Geller: Sharia Law Is ‘Misogynistic, Anti-Semitic, Anti-Infidel, Anti-Gay, Anti-Free Speech’","On Monday’s Breitbart News Daily, Pamela Geller, president of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, discussed the weekend’s   law marches with SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam. [“It’s great to see Americans are waking up,” Geller said. “Sharia is the most brutal and extreme system of governance ideology on the face of the Earth. It is misogynistic. It is  . It is  . It is  . It is   speech. ”  She said “amputations, stonings, and sex slavery” could be found in Muslim countries living under sharia law. “It is, as Sam Harris said, the motherlode of bad ideas,” she said. “And, of course, it’s been slow in educating the American people because you have this enormous machine, this   machine that controls much of the information battlespace  —   if it’s media or culture, movies, entertainment, and even in the coverage of these marches, it was enormously and wildly slanted, which, of course, we’re used to. ” “But the American people are waking up. Clearly, they’re waking up in Europe as well, although, of course, I was disappointed, unquestionably, in the U. K. elections because I just think Labor and Corbyn are so to the left of bad,” said Geller. “Again, it’s a fight,” she stressed. “War is in the information battlespace. It’s sort of David vs. Goliath, but we know how that wound up. There’s hope. ” Kassam pointed out that the U. K. government was quick to block people like Geller, Robert Spencer, and Michael Savage from entering the country because their speech was classified as unacceptably divisive, while 23, 000 jihadis were greeted with, “Sure. Whatever. Don’t worry about it. ” “Oh, I completely agree. The fact is, you’re not going to have me advocate for May. She did ban me and said Muslims might get violent if I was to appear,” Geller said, referring to actions British Prime Minister Theresa May took as home secretary. “Well, you know, how did that work out for you, PM May?” “But Corbyn is, you know, it’s an abomination,” she added, as Kassam interjected to highlight Corbyn’s past support for Hamas, Hezbollah, and the IRA. “It’s really shocking that these were your two choices. France was an enormous disappointment as well. ” She zinged Muslim activist Linda Sarsour, whom she described as “the icon of the left” for “running down the marches and praising sharia the whole day, the whole of the weekend. ” “This is who the left holds up as their leader? This is who feminists hold up as leader of the Women’s March?” she asked. Geller and Kassam ribbed Sarsour for affecting speech patterns that make it sound as if she is an authentic voice of the Arab world or Palestinian territories, when, in fact, she was born in Brooklyn. “That’s her schtick,” said Geller. “But she is the product of an arranged marriage. She never speaks against it. She advocates for this sharia. She supports it. Many of the things she said about really brave women  —   you know, Ayaan Hirsi Ali is truly a singular, brave woman. For her to run her down that way, this to me shows that the left is off the rails. ”  “Of course, there are going to be women like Linda Sarsour. There are going to be women that hold down their children to be cut in female genital mutilation. But for her to be held up and asked to keynote the CUNY commencement address and speak at Dartmouth while my colleagues and I are blacklisted!” she exclaimed.  “This is really the blacklist, not McCarthyism, because everybody worked. They still worked. They changed their names a little bit, they tweaked it, but they still worked. This is the real blacklist, and the objective is so that the message does not get out. And it’s worked, which is why we see people waking up across the world, not just America. Very encouraging,” Geller said. Kassam wondered if the left was in danger of “disappearing up its own backside” by holding up people like Linda Sarsour and Jeremy Corbyn as leaders. “They want war,” Geller said. “There’s no question about it. Listen, we held a massive protest against Linda Sarsour, and then you have their puppets, so to speak, in politics like Mayor de Blasio for example, who, generally, when there’s a   it’s always  —   listen, I’ve been doing this 15 years  —   it’s always across the street or it’s catercorner. He put them not three feet away from us, and they were violent, abuse,     —   a small group, but very, very dangerous. Afterwards, they attempt to incite to violence, to fisticuffs. We saw this even yesterday after the rallies, you had the left  —   and it’s always portrayed in the media as if the violence is on our end. It never is. ” Kassam noted the same media narrative is employed when Palestinians are portrayed as having been shot by Israeli soldiers for no particular reason or in the case of demonstrations against the Manchester atrocity, assaulted by     but reported by the BBC as “Violence Breaks Out at   Rally. ” “The BBC cut out the references to Allah in that attack on the nursery school employee, where she was attacked by this Muslim mob that was screaming, ‘Allah,’” Geller pointed out. “The BBC is the enemy. If anybody thinks this is merely a left vs. right  —   this is some kind of a passive war  —   Rip Van Winkle, you better wake up. ”  “This is real war, and I believe the left is evil,” she said. “They use ridicule, the Saul Alinsky tactics, the whole arsenal of weapons. You saw them destroy the Tea Party. You saw them destroy the EDL, okay? This is what they do, through ridicule, through smear, through defamation. But I think people are shrugging and saying, ‘Listen, I’m not having it. My children are not safe. My community is not safe. My kids can’t walk to school. ’” “It’s literally a matter of life or death. It’s not politics. It’s life or death,” Geller stressed. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. ",0
5110,"Critics Worry Over How Ben Carson, Lacking Expertise in Public Housing, Will Lead It - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —     mayors and housing experts are nervous about the idea of a billionaire real estate developer in the White House. Now   Donald J. Trump has picked Ben Carson, a retired neurosurgeon with no housing experience, as his nominee for secretary of Housing and Urban Development  —   and high anxiety has set in. As The Times’s   bureau chief, I have spent a lot of time in Baltimore, Cleveland and Philadelphia, which are all run by Democrats. In those cities, and many others across the country, housing concerns are deeply intertwined with other   issues, including racial tensions with the police. To explore how a   housing agenda might play out, I reached out to two Philadelphia mayors  —   Jim Kenney, the incumbent, and Michael Nutter, his predecessor  —   and two housing experts, one in Philadelphia and one here in Washington. Here are some of their thoughts: Broadly speaking, HUD devotes itself to ensuring that families of   and modest means have access to safe homes and neighborhoods. It runs the Federal Housing Administration, which helps people get home loans. It distributes money through the Community Development Block Grant program, a flexible source of funding used by cities for redevelopment and for rebuilding communities after natural disasters like floods and hurricanes. HUD runs the Section 8 housing choice voucher program, which cities rely on to help house the poor. And it enforces the Fair Housing Act, part of the Civil Rights Act of 1968, which makes housing discrimination illegal. Even in a time of economic expansion, dealing with poverty will be the biggest challenge the next HUD secretary faces, conservative and liberal housing experts agree. The American Enterprise Institute, a conservative research organization, cited housing assistance programs as among those “ripe for reform’’ under Mr. Trump. Since 2000, the number of   neighborhoods in America has doubled, rising faster in the suburbs, like Ferguson, Mo. than in cities, said Amy Liu, the director of the Metropolitan Policy Program at the   Brookings Institution in Washington. “There’s a lot of anxiety now, because this election was about the heartland versus the coastal elites we’re going to need a HUD secretary who governs both,” Ms. Liu said. “When I think about what HUD is going to have to deal with next, it’s going to be the future of   neighborhoods, and how to deal with that not only in Baltimore but also Ferguson. ” Mr. Carson grew up poor in Detroit and became a celebrated neurosurgeon by the time he was in his 30s  —   a path that he attributes to his     philosophy. His admirers praise his    success story. But his critics say a career in medicine is not the right training for someone running a vast federal housing bureaucracy. “He has a powerful personal story that could connect him to a lot of families that rely on HUD assistance,” Ms. Liu said. “He just needs to use that personal story to listen and empathize  —   and really learn about the latest innovations in the field. ’’ Most HUD secretaries have had government experience. George Romney, who served under Richard M. Nixon, was a governor. Jack Kemp, who served under George Bush, was a congressman. Henry Cisneros, who served under Bill Clinton, was a mayor so was Julian Castro, the current secretary. Ira Goldstein, who worked at HUD under the first President Bush and Mr. Clinton, admired Mr. Kemp. “He had a way of relating to people at every economic level he could walk into housing developments and be perceived as an ally,” said Mr. Goldstein, who now supervises research at Reinvestment Fund, a nonprofit devoted to redevelopment in Philadelphia and Baltimore. But Mr. Kemp, a conservative, also had the “business discipline,” Mr. Goldstein said, to run HUD programs “with a businesslike tenor. ” Mr. Nutter, who now teaches urban affairs at Columbia University and is a commentator for CNN, says he does not know if Mr. Carson has what it takes. “As brilliant as folks have said that Dr. Carson is from a neurosurgery standpoint, creating fair housing, promoting economic development and having people living in prospering communities is a little different than operating on somebody’s brain,” Mr. Nutter said. “I do not know how that translates into being HUD secretary. ’’ Mr. Trump got rich building luxury properties most mayors are concerned with housing the poor. In the 1970s, before Mr. Trump got into the luxury business, the federal government sued his family’s company, accusing it of routinely refusing to rent to    —   the very discrimination that HUD, through the Fair Housing Act, seeks to prevent. (Mr. Trump’s firm settled without admitting wrongdoing.) Under President Obama, HUD expanded its civil rights reach with the Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing Rule, which says that cities must not only respond to bias, but also take steps to prevent it. Philadelphia “was proud to become the first city” to adopt the rule, said Mayor Kenney, whose administration has just submitted an extensive plan to put the rule into effect. Some conservatives see that rule as federal intrusion into local sovereignty  —   the mayor of Castle Rock, Colo. population 55, 000, has refused to accept HUD funding to avoid having to comply  —   and Mr. Trump is likely to roll it back. Mr. Kenney, in a carefully worded statement, make clear that he would push back against any changes. “We will continue with our efforts to overcome patterns of segregation, promote fair housing choice and foster inclusive communities,” the statement said. Mr. Goldstein, who was the   director of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity when he was at HUD, worries about something else: If Congress complied, Mr. Trump could use federal budget policy to deprive the agency of funds to enforce   laws. “You’ve got to say that, given the tenor of the rhetoric, that would be a part of HUD that would not be favored in the new administration,” Mr. Goldstein said. Words matter in politics and policy, and both Mr. Trump and Mr. Carson have made comments that make mayors and housing experts uneasy. Mr. Carson once told a television interviewer that he had risen above his circumstances by realizing that “poverty is really more of a choice than anything else,” by which he apparently meant that people escape poverty through hard work. That comment, spotlighted in a video   on the Salon website, has dogged the neurosurgeon. So has an opinion piece he wrote in which he described fair housing policy as “social engineering. ” This plays into Mr. Trump’s sweeping declarations about black people living in “inner cities” rife with crime. “I give Trump credit for talking explicitly about the importance of the inner city,” Ms. Liu said, “but we need to make sure that the policies really do address what is needed there. What we don’t need is just    tactics. ” Mr. Nutter, who is   is far more pointed he calls Mr. Trump’s characterizations of cities “a general insult. ” Philadelphia built hundreds of affordable housing units using flexible Community Development Block Grant funds while Mr. Nutter was mayor. Most of the money, he said, was spent in   communities. “I’m proud that I had seven years with President Barack Obama, who actually knew about community development because he was a community organizer,” Mr. Nutter said. “To the Philadelphia city government: Good luck dealing with the Trump administration. ”",0
5111,Inviting the Easter Bunny to the Seder - The New York Times,"I went on my first Easter egg hunt a couple of years ago, hand in hand with my then    son, Max. I’ve got 44 years on him, but it was a first for both of us. In Jerusalem, where I grew up, the world of the Easter bunny, hot cross buns, roast lamb and simnel cake just did not exist for me. If someone had described an Easter egg hunt to me  —   “kids rush around collecting chocolate eggs that have been hidden by a rabbit”  —   I would have thought it strange. The concept of Easter was something distant, miles away from our own tradition of Pesach, or Passover. Without a doubt, though, our Seder in Israel would have seemed equally strange to the children tucking into their Easter lunch in Britain, where I live now. Why is a story  —   the Haggadah  —   told, and what does it mean? Why is the dining plate compartmentalized? What does one even do with lettuce leaves and radishes dipped in salty water? Most important, where’s the chocolate? The traditions of Easter and Passover seemed worlds apart to me until that    moment with Max. We had been invited by friends to have lunch on Easter Sunday. At the end of the meal came the unqualified highlight: the big hunt for the little coveted eggs. My moment of connection came as I was delving around in the compost heap at the end of the garden. As I uncovered a gold   egg with Max, my own childhood memories of finding the afikoman  —   hidden earlier in the evening, inevitably, behind the sofa  —   came flooding back. Back then we were hunting for half a matzo, but the thrill was the same and there it was. At both Easter and Passover, the meal is more than just food. It is the bridge between generations and the signifier of a story. At Easter, the simnel cake is decorated with 11 balls of marzipan to represent all the apostles minus Judas. The lamb represents Abraham’s sacrifice of his son, and Christ’s sacrifice of his own life. At Passover, flat matzo, rather than regular leavened bread, recalls how the Jews were forced to leave Egypt in such a hurry that there was no time to wait for their bread to rise. Bitter herbs stand for suffering. My own favorite as a child was my Italian grandmother’s haroseth. Hers was made of dates with a little bit of orange, dusted with cinnamon and dotted all over with long pine nuts, which made it look like a hedgehog. Tucking into a slice of simnel cake at that Easter lunch  —   as rich and dense with dried fruit and nuts as my grandmother’s hedgehog haroseth  —   was a powerful madeleine moment. Whichever traditions we might be putting into practice over Easter weekend, or the eight days of Passover, they’ll be serving two purposes. On the one hand, they are symbolic, providing a platform for all of us to connect with a shared story. On the other hand, these same traditions allow us to connect personally with the history we are making within our own family and circle of friends, last year and the year before that and the year before that, when the kids were very young. We haven’t yet done a proper Seder meal for our children in London.   though the celebration is, I know our boys would be in deep slumber well before any haroseth is spread over a piece of matzo. When we do, though, we will be seating the Easter bunny alongside the hedgehog. Such is my story and the story of my family: In order to live on, traditions need to be braided together to become something new. I offer two recipes to those baking, then, that are very different from each other. The casatiello is an Easter bread steeped in Neapolitan tradition. My grandmother may have been Italian, but she certainly wouldn’t have been baking with flour for her Seder meal, nor serving pork products (at any time of the year). Casatiello is made the day after the big Easter feast in Italy, when there is leftover meat and cheese. Heading out for an Easter Monday picnic is also something of a ritual in Naples, so again, this bread makes sense: All of the fillings, baked as they are into the dough, are safely tucked in and won’t fall out. Intended more for the Passover table, then, is the   walnut cake. The necessity for unleavened cakes is the mother of great invention in so many of my favorite cakes, ground nuts replace the typical flour. The tendency of these nuts to dry out then calls for a   drenching with a floral or citrus sugar syrup or, as here, a nutty liqueur like amaretto. The resulting cake is moist enough for the icing to be omitted (or replaced with a   substitute) for those wanting to serve the cake after the Seder meal. One of the great joys of baking is that the result always gets shared. That sharing is the essence of any celebration: coming together to honor traditions and, quite possibly, give rise to new ones. Recipes: Neapolitan Easter Bread (Casatiello) | Walnut Cake Follow NYT Food on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Pinterest. Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.",0
5112,It is Time For Hillary Clinton To Duck And Go (VIDEO),"in: Multimedia , US News (image credit: Justin Sullivan / Getty) ( The Real Agenda News ) More details have emerged about the never ending levels of corruption among the DNC, the Obama White House and the Hillary Clinton campaign, as a result of James O’Keefe’s Project Veritas’ investigation. Corrupt practices go from promoting seemingly harmless campaigns to have people dressed as ducks at Trump rallies to collusion between the Clinton campaign, the DNC and the non-profit organization Americans United for Change. In the third video put out by Project Veritas, Hillary’s cohorts confess how they managed to coordinate with her campaign and the DNC to set up what can be described at the very least as provocative moves to get the Trump campaign in trouble and to have the corrupt mainstream media cover the events while blaming Trump for violent outbursts outside his rallies. As we learned from the previous two videos, it was the Clinton campaign itself the one using agent provocateurs to cause violence outside Trump rallies as these agents disguised themselves as Bernie Sanders’ followers. In his second video, James O’Keefe showed how the DNC and the Hillary Clinton campaign, hire operatives to successfully carry out commit voter fraud on a massive scale. Scott Foval, who has since been fired, admits that the Democrats have been rigging elections for fifty years. In his first video, Rigging the Election – Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies, O’Keefe showed how second and third parties associated with the Democratic Party and the Clinton campaign, were responsible for violence and attacks on Trump supporters all over the country. As we said before, the veil of corruption that surrounds the Clinton campaign and the Democratic Party continues to fall and people can easily see what is behind their fake progressive and fake liberal masks. Submit your review",0
5113,GMO Cultivation Banned in Sonoma County,"Voters just approved a ban on genetically modified crops and organisms in Sonoma County. 

The ban passed by a margin of nearly 12%. The future and sustainability of Sonoma County agriculture was also at hand during the contest race between organic farmer Linda Hopkins and former state Senator Noreen Evans for the District Five Board of Supervisors seat. 

With the financial support of many people in the farming and wine industry, won with 54.1% of the vote, a margin of about 2,500 votes. 

Hopkins will be the first woman to represent the Fifth District on the Board of Supervisors. The board will be majority-female for the first time in history. 

Hopkins will gain the seat and replace Efren Carrillo. 

Sonoma County is the sixth California county to ban GMOs, joining Santa Cruz, Mendocino, Humboldt, Trinity, and Marin. 

This is a big win for anti-GMO advocates because Sonoma County connects Marin County to Mendocino, Humboldt, and Trinity. This means that the ban creates a 13,734-square foot zone where genetically engineered plants cannot be grown. This is the largest such area in the United States. 

This is a major victory for a movement that has seen mixed results in local and nation-wide efforts to ban GMO crops in other states. Several counties in Hawaii have passed GMO bans that have been overturned by federal judges. There have been many examples of this happening throughout the United States. In 20114, a ban in Josephine County, Oregon was found invalid because it conflicted with state law. Yet a ban in Jackson County, Oregon remains in force because Jackson was exempted from the aforementioned state law. 

According to Hudson, farmers who are now growing GMOs will be able to continue growing for the current season as a grace period until the ban begins. If a farm already purchased seed for the following year, he or she will be allowed to plant that year as well. 

Yet Tuesday night did not bring victory for all measures. In Healdsburg, Measure T, a ballot measure to eliminate water fluoridation, secured only 41% of the vote. 

This was the second time in two years that the people of Healdsburg were rejected a fluoride ban. 

While the water in Healdsburg is fluoridated, the rest of Sonoma County’s water is not. 

As people become increasingly aware about the health risks of eating GMO food, more and more counties are fighting to ban GMO cultivation on their farmland. GMO plants are known to cross-pollinate with non-GMO plants, putting farmers at risk of losing crop and money. This ban is a step in the right direction for the protection of farmers and consumers alike. 

 ",0
5114,Progressive Nomad: Bernie Sanders Pens CRUCIAL Letter To The President (IMAGES),"Progressive Nomad: Bernie Sanders Pens CRUCIAL Letter To The President (IMAGES) By Stephanie Kuklish on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
On the heels of Thursday’s brutal attack on Native Americans peacefully protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline by local and state police officers, Senator Bernie Sanders has written an open letter to President Obama asking for him to stand up against this atrocity. 
In a message posted on Sander’s official U.S. Senate website, he asked for President Obama to halt construction of the pipeline until cultural and environmental reviews were done by trusted sources. Sanders wrote : “It is deeply distressing to me that the federal government is putting the profits of the oil industry ahead of the treaty and sovereign rights of Native American communities. Mr. President, you took a bold and principled stand against the Keystone pipeline – I ask you to take a similar stand against the Dakota Access Pipeline. To my mind, the [U.S. Army Corps of Engineers] should have never approved this project on an expedited process in the first place.” 
Sanders continued the letter by urging the President to send non-partial monitors to the camp in order to ensure that the water protector’s civil rights were being protected. He then reminded President Obama just how dangerous this pipeline, and others like it, can be for the environment. Sanders stated : “According to one report, burning the oil transported through the pipeline would produce carbon emissions equivalent to 21 million cars or 30 coal plants. If we have any hope of avoiding the worst consequences of climate change, we should not be building new oil pipelines that lock us into burning fossil fuels for generations to come.” 
It has been incredibly difficult to get media coverage on this event, and even when there is; everyone seems to turn a blind eye to what is going on in North Dakota. Police are once again lying about the protestors and taking very violent and forceful tactics against them, even though they are not armed and are showing little to no signs of violent actions. 
At some point this has got to end and either the President can make a stand or he may be addressing the nation apologizing for wasteful human deaths at the hands of our own police force.",0
5115,Limbaugh on Flynn Resignation: ’The Question Is What Did Barack Obama Know and When Did He Know It?’ - Breitbart,"Tuesday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh reacted to the resignation of Mike Flynn as National Security Adviser.  According to Limbaugh, questions need to be asked going back to the previous administration and how the leak about Flynn’s interaction with Russia’s ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak. Limbaugh criticized the media and noted Democrats are often allowed to skate on similar indiscretions without consequences. Transcript as follows (courtesy of RushLimbaugh. com): Everybody just calm down, just calm down. All of this was predicted to you, every bit of this was predicted to you. I mean the media behavior. To show you just how lame the media is and how little they’ve got, they’re already asking what did Trump know and when did he know it, and that’s not the question. The question is, what did Barack Obama know and when did he know it and what has he engineered here? This all happened with Flynn back in December. Trump had not even been inaugurated yet. And it’s still mysterious to me what really happened. Even if, even if Flynn, as the incoming national security director, had called the Russian ambassador to talk, so what? That’s not hard to imagine. That’s not a big deal. It really isn’t a big deal. Now, if he lied to Mike Pence and said, “No, no, no, I didn’t talk to the guy. I didn’t talk to the guy about sanctions. I didn’t talk about maybe lifting the sanctions. No, no, no, I didn’t. ” And if he did do that, if he lied to Pence, then, okay, there’s a reason for Flynn to be in trouble and maybe to resign, get out of the way. But for the media to say what did Trump know and when did he know it? Get a grip here, folks. I realize that a lot of people do not pay a whole lot of attention to this, which is good, but for those of you who are, I can imagine the impact on you, and you’re asking, “Well, when’s he gonna stop? I mean, how much more of this can anybody take? How much more of this kind of assault and attacking nature can any administration handle. And then the other question, how long can the Republicans in Congress handle it. How long are they gonna stay bucked up and   about it, and time will tell on that. I’m gonna tell you, Trump’s not stopping. There will be more ICE raids this afternoon to make people forget about this. The media’s gonna try as hard as they can not to let go of this, because now they’ve got their scalp. They think they have blood in the water, they’ve got a scalp and they think they can get another and then another and then another and then another until finally they get Trump. They have become the   resistance to Trump and they have decided that that’s going to be their modus operandi for the next four years. They’re not gonna do news. They have now mobilized and made it official, they’re even talking about it, some of them are, on cable networks that  —   I mean, they disguise the words they use, but the impact is clear that they are going to do everything they can to get Trump out of Washington and out of the White House and out of office. So what we have here, we have a political assassination that’s taken place here, a political assassination, Mike Flynn, who, do you know he worked for Obama four different times? You didn’t know that? Let me find the details. In September 2011, Mike Flynn was promoted to lieutenant general assigned to the office of the Director of National Intelligence by Barack Obama. On April 17th, 2012, President Barack Obama nominated Michael Flynn to be the 18th director of the Defense Intelligence Agency. The defense department has its own intel operation and he ran it, as opposed to the Central Intelligence Agency. It’s called the DIA, and it’s big, and it’s relevant, and it’s important, and it does great work, and Flynn ran it after having been promoted to lead it by Obama in 2012. He took command of the DIA in July of 2012. He is a member of the Democrat Party, according to Wikipedia. Michael Flynn is a member of the Democrat Party. Aside from all of this, he has a reputation as a great man. He’s also a hawk. And that’s something the left just can’t abide. Hawks like Michael Flynn, they may as well be Dr. Strangelove. They want to run around, they want to start nuclear war, they want to destroy the planet, they’re deranged, they’re unhinged, they love blood and guts, and they love the sound of gunfire and napalm in the morning, and they just love it, and this is totally unacceptable. So we have a resignation over a phone call, a freaking phone call. The Democrats don’t resign when they’re caught   with their hand in the till or in bed with an intern or whatever else transgression the Democrats engage in. There are no resignations and there are no demands for resignations. And if you want to compare the Trump administration to the Obama administration, you just need to ask yourself one question: Why did you vote for Trump? Eight years of the Obama administration, it may not have appeared to be chaotic and it may not have appeared to be amateur hour and it may not have appeared to be out of control, but it was in terms of its agenda. The Obama administration was trying to dismantle the United States of America. That’s why everybody voted for Trump! And the people that supported Obama and were trying to dismantle the United States of America are still out trying to do it and now doing so via taking aim at Trump and his administration. Flynn I guess didn’t want to be a distraction, especially given how worked up the   are. ‘Cause the   are seeing a Russian under every bed. The   are seeing a Russian at every computer keyboard. You know, they walk in their own offices, see a keyboard, they see a computer, and they think the Russians are there. Now, the media is saying that Flynn’s conversation with the Russian ambassador back in December could have left him open to blackmail. Are we serious about this? Flynn was open to blackmail? Who was it that the   wanted to see as president in? That would be Hillary Rodham Clinton, who could have been blackmailed six ways from Sunday by the Russians and who the heck else we know. We don’t know who has those 34, 000 emails that she deleted. We don’t know who has Tom Brady’s jersey. (laughing) We’re trying to find both. We don’t know what top national security secrets were revealed in those 34, 000 emails. This is a woman whose home brew server was hacked by world powers, the ChiComs, the Russians. This is a woman who, with her famous Russian reset, embarrassed the United States of America. Blackmail? Here’s Hillary Clinton who had collected campaign contributions supposed in advance that were nothing more than advance payments for policy considerations. She was selling access to the Oval Office via the Clinton administration. You want to talk about blackmail? You are vworried about blackmail and Michael Flynn and Donald Trump when you were going to have Hillary Clinton in the White House if you had your way? But if you watched yesterday’s press conference, if you read about the fallout from it this morning, the   now smell blood, and they’re   mad they weren’t able to ask Trump the Flynn question yesterday ’cause Trump is calling on conservative media now in these press conferences, and it’s really ripping the   a new one. They just can’t abide it. But, folks, I really  …     I don’t want to sound like I’m delivering admonitions or warnings. Just a reassuring sense here that all of this was predicted. It was going to happen, just like the protests that magically and immediately sprang up after Trump announced his executive order. This is who the left is. This is what you voted against. This is what you wanted no more of, this behavior. Not by Trump, not by Flynn. What you voted against  —   the reason you voted for Trump  —   is exactly what you’re seeing day to day now from the left and from the Democrat Party and from the media. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
5116,BREAKING: Church Polling Location Caught Comparing Hillary To Satan In Flyer,"Comments 
A Catholic church in San Diego has taken Donald Trump’s calls to demonize of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton a tad too literally. The Immaculate Conception Catholic Church was caught passing out flyers last week that told parishioners that voting Democratic was a sin, and would immediately damn them to the fires of hell. 
This week, they’ve gone even further, and declared that the lawyer, former First Lady, and lifelong public servant is in fact an agent of the ruinous dark lord of evil incarnate himself, Satan. 
“The devil does this through tactics outlined by Saul Alinsky with the outcome as Hillary Clinton stated ‘And deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs and structural biases have to be changed,’ to draw us away from God’s teachings regarding the sanctity of life to those of the world and its prince!” railed the flyer. 
Previously, the flyers asserted that “it is a mortal sin to vote Democrat … immediately after death the souls of those who die in a state of mortal sin descend into hell.” 
This, of course, is not the first time that Secretary Clinton has been compared to the despoiler of worlds. Former neurosurgeon and pyramid expert Ben Carson declared Hillary in league with the devil at the Republican National Convention . A recent poll of Florida Trump supporters found a staggering 40% of them believe that the former New York Senator is a literal demon . 
The irrational and all-consuming hatred that the right-wing feels for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is astonishing, and the fact that this is an actual issue shows that either the American public schooling system is entirely failing to do its job, or that a fair segment of the American population has fallen to thirteenth-century radical Christian extremism. 
What’s truly ironic is that if one were to rationally approach this from such a literalist perspective, it is quite obvious that the envious glutton, shameless thief, and unrepentant lecher Donald Trump is Sin Manifest and his supporters are worshiping a false prophet, placing their own souls in mortal danger as they are consumed in heresy. 
But since those are fairytales designed to maintain social control over an illiterate pre-industrial peasant populace, it’s hard to explain this phenomenon without concluding that they may all just be idiots. Forgive me, but at this point my patience with these people is running very thin.",0
5117,Yemeni forces fire ballistic missile deep inside Saudi Arabia at Jeddah airport,"Yemeni army forces and allied fighters from Popular Committees have reportedly launched a locally designed and manufactured ballistic missile towards an area deep inside Saudi Arabia in response to the Riyadh regime’s atrocious aerial bombardments against the crisis-hit Arab country. 3 Shares
3 0 0 0
Yemeni soldiers and their allies fired a Borkan-1 (Volcano-1) missile towards King Abdulaziz International Airport, located 19 kilometers north of the western Saudi port city of Jeddah, Arabic-language al-Masirah television network reported.
A military source, speaking on condition of anonymity, later told the official Saba news agency that the 12.5-meter-long missile had targeted its target accurately and left massive destruction at the airport.
Saudi media outlets, however, reported that the kingdom’s missile systems intercepted and destroyed the solid propellant and Scud-type missile before it could cause any damage.
They said the projectile was launched at 9 p.m. local time (1800 GMT) on Thursday from Yemen’s mountainous northwestern area of Sa’ada.
The Saudi military also claimed that the Yemeni missile was fired toward the holy city of Mecca, but the Houthi Ansarullah movement has rejected the claim.
MORE... Yemen Burns as the World Yawns and a Nightmare is Born Decapitation in Sana’a… Wanton murder – Saudi Arabia’s genocidal campaign in Yemen reaches new height Yemen's long-range ballistic missile hits deep inside Saudi Arabia's airbase Fars news agency Quote: d an informed Houthi source as saying that the missile was aimed at King Abdulaziz International Airport close to Jeddah, which hosts the kingdom’s royal navy forces as well as a group of American troops.
Also on Thursday, the media bureau of the operations command in Yemen said army soldiers had targeted a gathering of militiamen loyal to resigned president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi in the Aqaba district of the northern province of Jawf, leaving scores of the Saudi-backed armed men dead.
An armored vehicle and battle tank belonging to the mercenaries were also destroyed in the attack.
Separately, a number of Saudi soldiers were killed and injured when Yemeni forces and Popular Committees fighters struck al-Kars base in Saudi Arabia’s southwestern border region of Jizan.
Saudi Arabia has been engaged in the deadly campaign against Yemen since March 2015 in an attempt to bring back the former Yemeni government to power and undermine the Houthi Ansarullah movement.
The United Nations puts the death toll from the military aggression at about 10,000.",0
5118,Principal Bars Pregnant Teen from Graduation: ‘Best Way to Love Her Is to Hold Her Accountable for Her Immorality’ - Breitbart,"The principal of a Christian school in Hagerstown, Maryland says that after “countless hours in prayer and discussion,” his board’s decision to bar a pregnant teen from walking at her graduation ceremony is holding her “accountable for her immorality” and is “the best way to love her. ”[The case of Maddi Runkles, an 18   senior at Heritage Academy, has taken the nation by storm over the past week. Runkles was interviewed Wednesday on CBS This Morning, and her story has been featured at media outlets such as the New York Times, the New York Post, and Cosmopolitan.  The school’s principal, David Hobbs, released a statement regarding the situation of the teen, who has a 4. 0 gradepoit average and was president of the Student Council when she discovered she was pregnant in January. “Maddi is being disciplined, not because she’s pregnant, but because she was immoral,” Hobbs said in a statement posted on the school’s website, explaining that students at the school sign a   pledge that states they will protect their bodies “by abstaining from sexual immorality and from the use of alcohol, tobacco, and illegal drugs. ” “Heritage is also pleased that she has chosen to not abort her son,” he continued. “However, her immorality is the original choice she made that began this situation. ” In an interview with Breitbart News, Runkles said that while other students at Heritage Academy have broken some of the other rules of the pledge, “They’ve never suffered a punishment as severe as mine. ” Hobbs, she said, initially decided he would tell the entire school that she had broken the rule about   sex. She was also stripped of her leadership positions and informed she would not be permitted to complete her senior year at school, but would finish her classes at home. Runkles said she decided, however, that she wanted to publicly confess to the school herself about her pregnancy. She made her confession with her father at her side. “I decided I wanted to confess what I did and ask for forgiveness from my school,” she continued, “but the other kids who had broken other rules  —   even when they were caught  —   they still lied about what they had done. It just seems unfair. I tried to make it right, but was still shot down. ” Subsequently, Runkles’ parents and about 25 classmates and other parents appealed to Hobbs, asking that she be permitted to remain in school and graduate with her classmates. Ultimately  —   after several days of suspension  —   she was told she could return to school to complete her classes, but would still be prohibited from graduating with her class. “A wise man told me that discipline is not the absence of love, but the application of love,” Hobbs says in his statement. “We love Maddi Runkles. The best way to love her right now is to hold her accountable for her immorality that began this situation. ” Runkles’s situation was brought to light by   organization Students for Life of America (SFLA) which asserts the teen is being unfairly punished, since she already admitted her mistake, confessed it before the school, and accepted relinquishing her leadership roles. SFLA says Christians who claim to be   should offer support to a teen who admits her error and accepts the consequences of going through with her pregnancy instead of having an abortion. “Disciplining Maddi is not the issue,” states SFLA president Kristan Hawkins. “Her discipline was decided, communicated, and executed. For the most part, this was done so with care for the family’s privacy and with fair response to the pledge broken (i. e. ‘abstaining from sexual immorality and from the use of alcohol, tobacco, and illegal drugs’). ” Hawkins continues: However, my primary and continued complaint is that the disciplinary actions of the administration has extended far beyond accountability for the broken pledge regarding premarital sex. That accountability was served justly and humbly in Maddi’s confession, her suspension, and her removal from leadership positions. What was initially a punitive and learning moment has transformed into a public lesson (before this even was announced to the media). By banning Maddi from walking at graduation, the administration and board collectively decided on a disciplinary measure of an obviously public nature. From what we’ve learned thus far, no other student in the school’s history has been banned from walking at graduation for failing to abstain “from sexual immorality and from the use of alcohol, tobacco, and illegal drugs. ” Maddi is the only student, past or present, banned from walking at graduation. In a class of only 15 students, her absence will be obvious and can only be explained in that her immorality is visible (unlike the errs of past and present students). In his statement, Hobbs does not address how the board handles the violations of other students, but states, “Each Heritage family deserves confidentiality. ” He indicates that the Runkles family chose “to make her behavior a public matter,” and that he would have preferred to handle Maddi’s “disciplinary situation” privately. Neither Heritage Academy nor Hobbs returned Breitbart News’s request for an interview or comment. Runkles’s story has launched a debate about how   Christian churches handle the situation of unplanned pregnancies among single women. A study posted in November of 2015 at   found that more than 40 percent of women who had an abortion regularly attended church. Vice president of LifeWay Research Scott McConnell said the results suggest a church culture that is lacking grace. Among those women who have had an abortion:   (65 percent) say church members judge single women who are pregnant. A majority (54 percent) thinks churches oversimplify decisions about pregnancy options. Fewer than half (41 percent) believe churches are prepared to help with decisions about unwanted pregnancies. “Women are perceiving judgment from the church, and that’s probably partly because there are clear teachings in the Bible including about how and why we make judgments,” McConnell said. “However, if they don’t start experiencing something different than what they’ve seen in the past, these numbers aren’t going to change. ” The Susan B. Anthony List (SBA List)  —   a national   organization  —   states Runkles’s decision to have her baby “deserves compassion and support. ” “The decision to choose life is not always easy, and certainly not always popular with a culture that promotes convenience over personal responsibility,” the group says. “Maddi made a courageous choice to love and protect her unborn son and she deserves compassion and support, especially from fellow Christians. ” “We urge Heritage Academy to reconsider their decision not to allow Maddi, a 4. 0 student, to walk with her peers at graduation,” SBA List continues. “This extended punishment  —   doled out months after Maddi told her school she was pregnant and asked for compassion  —   sends a terrible message about the Christian community’s response to teen pregnancy and unexpected pregnancy. ”",0
5119,Obama Moves to Block Chinese Acquisition of a German Chip Maker - The New York Times,"HONG KONG  —   President Obama on Friday moved to block a Chinese deal to buy a   company on national security grounds, an unusual step that could set the stage for greater tensions between his successor, Donald J. Trump, and a Chinese government determined to bolster its technological capabilities. The intervention in a Chinese company’s bid to buy a German semiconductor company, Aixtron, comes after Chinese companies have spent billions to acquire technology in Europe and the United States. American officials have increasingly moved to stop such deals, but Chinese companies have shown growing adeptness in getting around those restrictions to strike up relationships that could someday lead to greater access to technology. A statement from the Treasury Department said the administration blocked the purchase of the American portion of Aixtron’s business because it posed a national security risk relating to “the military applications of the overall technical body of knowledge and experience of Aixtron. ” It wasn’t clear whether other parts of the deal could be salvaged. Officials at the German chip company and its   Chinese buyer, the Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund, did not immediately comment. By rejecting the deal, the Obama administration showed how far it would go to keep China from using its wallet to acquire sensitive technology from the West. It blocked previous Chinese technology purchases only indirectly, using an advisory panel of government and intelligence officials who can discourage  —   but not directly kill  —   foreign deals. That same panel earlier expressed skepticism over the Aixtron deal. Last year the United States accounted for more than   of Aixtron’s sales. And nearly   of its more than 700 employees are based in the United States. That indirect strategy kept Mr. Obama from looking like a   opponent, especially when the company in question was not American, and softened any potential response from Beijing. But Aixtron and its Chinese suitor tested that strategy by plowing ahead despite the panel’s concerns, forcing Mr. Obama to act. Mr. Obama’s cancellation sets a stronger tone as Mr. Trump prepares to take the White House. As president, Mr. Trump will have considerable power to appoint the members of that advisory panel, called the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. He is likely to hear from members of Congress who have been pushing to toughen up and to broaden the panel’s reviews to encompass more types of deals. Mr. Trump has been critical of China’s trade practices. “It could feed into the narrative about how the Trump administration is going to get better deals for things, and this is the kind of deal he wouldn’t allow because it would affect U. S. jobs and U. S. manufacturing capabilities in one of the areas where we’re still the most competitive,” said Adam Segal, a technology security expert at the Council on Foreign Relations. Still, simply rejecting deals is not so simple, Mr. Segal and others say. Wall Street sometimes pushes for such deals to go through, arguing that American companies can use Chinese money to invest or save jobs. Steven Mnuchin, a Wall Street veteran, is Mr. Trump’s pick to be Treasury secretary, heading a department with considerable say over the advisory panel. The panel is crucial to the outcome of future deals. Created in 1975 by President Gerald Ford, it includes representatives from 16 executive departments and intelligence agencies including Commerce, Defense, Justice and Homeland Security. It judges whether a foreign investment in companies with operations or business in the United States poses unacceptable security risks. Because its deliberations are confidential, little about it has been made public. Just the prospect of such an investigation can be enough to kill a deal. Under Mr. Obama, its scrutiny scotched Chinese deals for a European   maker and an American manufacturer of microchips. But China has already been testing ways to get around the panel. Such methods do not necessarily give Chinese buyers access to crucial technology, but experts say they could open a route to access down the road. In some cases, it has struck other types of deals with Western companies, like licensing agreements, outside of the panel’s jurisdiction. When the panel opposed a Chinese bid for the American semiconductor firm GCS Holdings this summer, the American company instead signed a joint venture to make chips with its   buyer. GCS makes an advanced chip with military uses. A spokesman for GCS said the joint venture makes products like cellphone chips that have long been commercially available, and that it follows U. S. government guidelines for all technology exports, whether sensitive or not. In another case, the Chinese buyer appeared to be testing how far it could push the panel. In September 2015, Tsinghua Unigroup, the main corporate vehicle for China’s microchip ambitions, offered $3. 8 billion for a board seat and a 15 percent stake in Western Digital, a maker of   drives. Lawyers who specialize in Committee on Foreign Investment law say the deal structure was unusual: The size of the stake walked the line of where the panel has investigated in the past, and the agreement had a clause that allowed either side to call it off if the panel became involved. To many lawyers who studied the deal, it looked as if the Chinese buyer was trying to find out what it could get away with. Tsinghua did walk away, citing the panel, and began to look for smaller deals. In April, it successfully took a 6 percent stake in Lattice Semiconductor, despite the fact that in 2012 the Federal Bureau of Investigation indicted two Chinese men who it said illegally tried to procure chips from the company that could be used on spacecraft. In filings, Tsinghua said the stake had been taken for “investment purposes,” while Lattice has said military applications were only a tiny part of its business. Tsinghua has since sold some of its stake, and Lattice is now the target of a new acquisition offer by a venture capital firm based in Silicon Valley but backed by Chinese government money. Lattice did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Because information relating to its decisions is kept secret, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States remains one of the least understood parts of the United States government. The companies involved in the deal sometimes do not find out why a proposed acquisition was rejected. Foreign companies applying for approval have to submit information about corporate ownership, including passports and records of the military experience of shareholders. Emails go out across American military research and development laboratories to check whether companies might unwittingly be important to American security. For instance, some seemingly harmless technology may be a component of an American defense project. Companies can discuss with the committee what they will do if the proposed deal causes a public backlash, as has happened before. The committee can recommend changes or broker agreements that could include the sale of a sensitive part of the company. The panel has considerable investigative and intelligence resources at its disposal, but the new influx of Chinese money has led some to argue it does not provide enough protection. Critics say it can examine each deal only in isolation and not consider a more widespread campaign of purchases. Stewart Baker, a former representative to the committee under the Department of Homeland Security, also cites resources as an issue. “My sense is they do have the resources now,” he said, “but if Chinese deal flow continues to increase, it is going to be a challenge. ”",0
5120,"Man Shot After Striking Off-Duty New York Detective With Meat Cleaver, Authorities Say - The New York Times","A man wielding an   meat cleaver near Pennsylvania Station and resisting police officers’ efforts to catch him on Thursday slashed an   detective in the head before being shot by the police, the authorities said, in an episode that sent commuters and tourists fleeing during the evening rush. It started when the police confronted a man who was trying to remove a “boot” device attached to a tire on his car, officials said, and escalated into a chaotic chase through Midtown Manhattan that ended with officers shooting at him 18 times. The man, Akram Joudeh, 32, was critically injured and taken to Bellevue Hospital Center, the police said. The   detective, identified by the police as Brian O’Donnell, was in serious condition. Two other officers were taken to the center with injuries that were not  . The episode began around 5 p. m. at West 32nd Street and Broadway when several officers responded to a report that Mr. Joudeh was trying to remove the device, Police Commissioner William J. Bratton said at a news conference on Thursday night. The police said they believed Mr. Joudeh, whose last known residence was in Queens, was living out of his car. The chief of department, James O’Neill, said Mr. Joudeh pulled a cleaver from his waist band, threatened the officers and then fled. At one point, the chief said, the man mounted the front grille of a marked police car that had responded to the call. As officers pursued him, a uniformed sergeant “deployed a Taser, striking the suspect without apparent effect,” Chief O’Neill said. As Mr. Joudeh ran along West 32nd Street, the   detective, who was headed to Penn Station after a day in court, saw the pursuit and tried to stop him. He was struck in the head with the cleaver, “causing an approximate   gash from his temple about down to his jaw,” the chief said. Officers then fired at the man, striking him several times, the chief said. Officials said Mr. Joudeh had several past arrests, but they would not elaborate on his criminal history. In 2010, Mr. Joudeh pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor of petit larceny and was sentenced to 90 days, according to public records. In 2009, he was charged with grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property, but those felonies were dismissed, records show. He pleaded guilty to unauthorized use of a vehicle and was fined, but served no time. Asked about the possibility that the attack might have been tied to terrorism, Chief O’Neill said, “As part of our investigation, nothing’s off the table. ” The chase left commuters and tourists scurrying for cover as officers flooded the area during the start of the evening rush near a transit hub. Mr. Bratton addressed concerns that so many shots were fired in such a busy area. “Sufficient shots were fired to deter the attack on my officers,” he said. Richard DeWald, a nurse, said he narrowly avoided Mr. Joudeh during the pursuit. “He just seemed wild and crazy,” Mr. DeWald, 56, said. “First there was yelling, and then all I heard was the gunshots. ” Witnesses said they saw Mr. Joudeh on the corner of 32nd Street and Avenue of the Americas, clutching a large meat cleaver to his chest. They said he was silent and his face was expressionless. “He didn’t say a word, that’s the thing,” said Jonathan Schneier, who works at a software company and watched the episode unfold from across the street. Mr. Schneier said the officers, shouting “Drop the weapon,” pointed their guns at the man, who appeared “flustered. ” “He just looked like a crazy guy with a huge weapon,” he said. “He just literally looked like a deer in headlights. ” Mr. Schneier said the man began “sprinting as fast as he could” and was pursued by police. About 10 seconds after that, Mr. Schneier said, he heard gunshots. “I called my girlfriend right away and told her what happened,” he added. “It’s New York. Stuff happens. ” Robert Mennella of Bridgewater, N. J. said he had left the subway station at 32nd Street and Seventh Avenue and was headed to Penn Station. He said he saw a number of unmarked and marked police cars racing along 32nd Street when he heard gunshots. “Everybody turned around,” he said. “Some people stood there with their phones to take pictures, and I just took off. ” He said he ran to Penn Station and saw officers from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and from New Jersey Transit running upstairs. “I just told them ‘shots fired,’ and they started running faster,” he said. Lina Gana, a laser technician at Cosmed Laser and Spa on Avenue of the Americas, said she heard gunshots that “sounded like a machine gun. ” Another technician, Nailya Howe, who has worked in the area for three years and at the spa for more than a year, said she was surprised by what happened. “I’ve never heard gunshots here before,” she said. “This is a very quiet area. ” Ms. Gana agreed. “Ten minutes before the shooting, I was walking down the street getting food for everyone,” she said. “And then this happened. ”",0
5121,News Shot: UK and Spanish Economies Recover After Ousting Globalists,"In this News Shot, Joe Joseph explains how the UK and Spain have experienced economic recoveries since they have kicked the globalists out of leadership. Spain hasn’t had a government in over 300 days!
This runs contrary to what all the “experts” and fearmongers warned prior to the people of these nations taking the power back!

Watch on YouTube 
Sources 
UK Economy Grows 0.5% in Three Months After Brexit Vote 
Why Is Spain’s Economy Expanding So Robustly Without a Government? Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Lily Dane of The Daily Sheeple . 
Lily Dane is a staff writer for The Daily Sheeple. Her goal is to help people to “Wake the Flock Up!” ",0
5122,Syrian Troops Push Deep Into Rebel-Held Parts of Aleppo - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   Syrian government troops pushed deeper into the   section of Aleppo on Sunday, now controlling about half of what had been for years the rebels’ enclave in the divided northern city. Also on Sunday, airstrikes apparently carried out by the government or its ally Russia hit the towns of Maarat   and Kafr Nabl in   Idlib Province. The strikes killed at least 20 people in each location, according to residents and White Helmets rescue workers. Footage from Maarat   showed destroyed buildings and market stalls, and the crushed body of a toddler. Airstrikes and shelling also continued in Aleppo, where there was no sign of a   in a bloody battle that could prove a fulcrum in the war. If the government manages to seize all of Aleppo, it will control Syria’s five largest cities. Government troops, along with allied,   militias from Iraq and the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah, appeared close on Sunday to seizing the only remaining bulge of rebel territory north of the medieval citadel at the heart of the city, leaving rebels with a shrinking enclave in the southeast. Residents contacted by phone and text message said conditions were dire. People fleeing from the recently retaken areas were looking for places to sleep, while some smashed wooden furniture from destroyed houses for cooking and heating. They also sent text messages with their last farewells, saying they expected to die. All of this unfolded under continuous government bombing and artillery shelling, which was worsening as   ground troops edged closer. The advances did not halt the shelling of the   western districts. Fares Shehabi, a Parliament member from Aleppo, said that nine people were killed on Saturday and that the military hospital and a hotel had been hit. Dozens of shells fell on Sunday, killing several people, other residents said. More than 31, 000 people have fled from the   eastern districts, aid agencies say. Some are fleeing to   territory some deeper into the besieged   districts and others to areas controlled by Kurdish militias from which they can make their way along a risky route to   areas in Idlib and northern Aleppo Province. On Sunday, Russian troops helped deliver aid to thousands of people crammed into what had been shops in a covered market in Jibreen, a   town south of the city. Some people told reporters from The Associated Press and the BBC on the scene with government minders that they were happy to have food. Some said they had fled airstrikes, and others complained about treatment by the rebels. Of those remaining in the area, some said they were afraid to leave because they expected to be arrested or mistreated on the other side. Now, though, they were worried that the army might be coming to them. “It is very dangerous,” Yasser Hmeish, a resident, said via text message, showing a photo of himself making tea over a fire from scraps of wood from his destroyed house. “We are afraid for our families. ” A proposal by  Staffan de Mistura, the United Nations envoy, for a   aid delivery and local autonomy for eastern Aleppo in exchange for the departure of several hundred   fighters has gone nowhere. Russia is now offering to talk to the United States about the departure of all rebels  —   several thousand fighters, some of them backed by Washington and its allies. Tensions were rising between the   group, the Levant Conquest Front, formerly known as the Nusra Front, and the other groups, according to fighters in the enclave. Some accused the Levant Conquest Front of raiding food and weapons storehouses that belonged to other groups, including Faylaq   one of those receiving American aid. One fighter from a rival group said the looted goods had been left unguarded in the chaos. The airstrikes in Idlib Province killed 23 people in Maarat   including seven members of one family, one of them a child. In Kafr Nabl, 26 people were killed, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group with an extensive network on the ground. Jihad, a telecommunications engineer in Kafranbel, said that the strike had hit a busy area, and that he knew 13 of the victims. “There is a well where people get water, and there is a bakery,” he said, asking to be identified by only his first name for safety. “There were only a few minutes between me and the strikes. ”",0
5123,8 More States Legalize Marijuana: Will Donald Trump Let It Stand? · Guardian Liberty Voice,"Follow on Facebook Subscribe by Email Print This Post 
The legalization of marijuana, in some form, was a ballot initiative in nine states, on Nov. 8, 2016. Five of the nine states voted for recreational use and the other four were focused on medicinal purposes. 
California, Nevada, Maine, and Massachusetts passed the recreational use of cannabis. These states join the ranks with Colorado, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, and D.C. Arizona still offers legal medical marijuana but recreational use was voted down by 51.9 percent. 
Florida, North Dakota, Montana, and Arkansas voted to join the 24 other states that have legalized the use of the plant. New Recreational Marijuana States and Laws: Massachusetts: Recreational use, sale, possession, and cultivation of cannabis have been legalized. The law faced opposition from both sides of the isle. Republican Governor Charlie Baker and Democratic Mayor Marty Walsh joined Attorney General Maura Healey, in March, for a Boston Globe op-ed. The state had decriminalized the use of weed for recreational use. It was also legalized for medicinal use, in 2012. Healey, Baker, and Walsh met to discuss this matter and agreed that the plant should not be easily accessible or sold commercially. The voters in Massachusetts were divided. The recreational use of marijuana was supported by 54 percent. The new law will go into effect December 15. Cannabis sales will follow the same requirements as alcohol. California: Proposition 64 was viewed as the most important among the legalization issues on the ballot. Fifty-six percent of the voters agreed with the initiative, for people 21 and over. This not only completes recreational use of the plant on the West Coast, it benefits the state with the sixth-largest world economy. Cannabis legalization passed despite opposition from Senator Dianne Feinstein and Governor Jerry Brown. In 2014, Brown said: 
How many people can get stoned and still have a great state or a great nation? 
The win of Proposition 64, does not simply allow for the commercial sale of marijuana, it rolled back the period of incarceration for thousands of people convicted on marijuana-related charges. The proposition went into effect at 12:01 a.m., on November 9. Residents can grow as many as six plants in their homes. However, it will not be available is stores until Jan. 1, 2018. Driving under the influence of and smoking marijuana in public will remain illegal. Those who break this law will be charged a $100 fine. Nevada: Recreational use, cultivation, possession, and commercial sales of the plant passed with 54 percent. The law pertains to adults, 21 and over. Most of the state is conservative, and until residents helped elect Obama, in 2008 and 2012, it was considered a Red state. However, the legalization of cannabis was opposed by Democratic Senator Harry Reid and Republican Governor Brian Sandoval. Regardless, on Jan. 1, 2018, medical marijuana dispensaries will be able to apply for a license that will allow them to sell the plant products to anyone, 21 or older. Only the dispensaries will be eligible to sell cannabis. Maine: It is legal for adults, 21 and over, to use cannabis for recreational use. People can cultivate, possess, and purchase marijuana. The legislation barely passed with 50.3 percent. The state will add a 10 percent sales tax on recreational cannabis. The new law will allow for retail stores and social clubs, as long as they are licensed and permitted in the municipalities where they grow. 
Many states, including D.C., have opted to decriminalize recreational use of marijuana to save money. During an interview, in March, President Obama told Vice News that incarcerating people for marijuana-related charges is expensive. It was his hope, that if enough states decriminalized possession and use, Congress would reschedule the drug. 
Legalization creates a new economy around the sales of marijuana and cannabis-infused lotions, oils, edibles, and related paraphernalia. Tax revenues have significantly increased in the states that have legalized recreational use of the plant. 
Tax revenue from marijuana sales in Colorado was $70 million in the last fiscal year. This was twice the amount collected from alcohol sales over the same period. In 2013, cannabis sales were at $1.5 billion. The revenue grew to $2.7 billion, in 2015. Cannabis investment and research firm ArcView Group believes that if all 50 states and D.C. were to completely legalize the plant, it is possible the U.S. will gain $35 billion in revenue, by 2020. What Will Trump Do? 
Despite the economic boost the legalization of marijuana can bring to the U.S., there is a doubt that President-elect Donald Trump will be supportive. Leslie Bocskor, the president and founder of Electrum Partners, called the future leader of the U.S., “a boogie man of unparalleled size and fearsomeness to the legal cannabis industry.” His election could prevent the recall of the Controlled Substances Act, that Obama and many Americans wanted. 
The marijuana wins gained in the 2016 election means that now, 60 million Americans will not be arrested, lose student loans, or their children for using the plant at the state level. It is still against federal law to use or possess cannabis. 
Executive Director of the Drug Policy Alliance Ethan Nadelmann said that he cannot predict what Trump will do concerning marijuana or the Controlled Substances Act. In 1990, Trump was for the legalization of all drugs, regardless, he leaned heavily on the Republican drug-war rhetoric in political debates. 
Nevertheless, Trump told the International Association of Chiefs of Police that marijuana was an issue for individual states to handle. He agreed that Congress should re-write certain laws to be compatible with the state laws. Lobbyists believe that any impact on the use of cannabis will depend on who Trump chooses for members of his Cabinet. 
At one time, it was possible that Chris Christie, a former federal prosecutor, would hold the position of U.S. Attorney General. He delayed the limited legalization of medical marijuana, as the governor of New Jersey. Throughout his own run as a Republican candidate for president, Christie spoke of enforcing federal law against cannabis. However, his involvement in the Bridgegate scandal could force Trump to look, instead, at the former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani for U.S. Attorney General. 
Giuliani was also a federal prosecutor. When he was mayor, more people were arrested (per capita), in New York City, for marijuana-related charges, than any other American city. This makes him another unwanted choice for those who use the plant, in any form, for any reason. Hope for Cannabis in America 
There is no need for weed-lovers to lose heart, reminds Professor Marsha Cohen, from UC Hastings College of the Law, in San Francisco. She stated that the Department of Justice cannot change things overnight; it would take time, organization, and money for Trump to crackdown on marijuana use nationwide. However, it may not matter who becomes the next attorney general. 
Congress, led by Paul Ryan, has consistently denied funding for the Justice Department to impede on states that legalize cannabis. Despite the desires of the new attorney general, it is likely Congress will continue to prevent federal meddling at the state-level. 
Cohen pointed out that Florida voted in favor of the new medical marijuana law and Trump with the same ballot. Therefore, it is uncertain what he will do, as president, concerning the use of the plant. Cohen stated that cannabis is a political issue and will remain such; it is possible that weed has become too popular to undo. 
By Jeanette Smith 
Sources: 
Business insider: 4 states just voted to make marijuana completely legal — here’s what we know News.MIC: Where Is Marijuana Legal in the United States? List of Recreational and Medicinal States High Times: LEGALIZATION FINALLY WINS IN MAINE; WHAT WILL HE DO?!? 
Featured and Top Image Courtesy of Cannabis Culture’s Flickr Page – Creative Commons License 
8 More States Legalize Marijuana: Will Donald Trump Let It Stand? added by smith.j on November 15, 2016 ",0
5124,Election’s Rape And Sexual Assault Accusations Need to Be Taken Seriously,"Election’s Rape And Sexual Assault Accusations Need to Be Taken Seriously Posted on Oct 27, 2016 
By Sonali Kolhatkar Protesters organized by the National Organization for Women gather near the Trump International Hotel and Tower in New York City on Oct. 12, as sexual assault allegations about GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump emerged on the heels of The Washington Post’s bombshell report about Trump’s 2005 “Access Hollywood” hot-mic comments regarding his treatment of women. (Frank Franklin II / AP Photo) 
Less than a day after the third and final 2016 presidential debate, GOP nominee Donald Trump faced new accusations from a woman who recounted a story of her sexual assault at his hands. Karena Virginia told members of the press how Trump groped her in public at the U.S. Open in 1998 while asking, “Don’t you know who I am?” 
Two days later, two more women, Kristin Anderson and Summer Zervos, made similar allegations . Earlier this year, a woman named Katie Johnson said Trump raped her in 1994 when she was 13 years old; she filed a lawsuit against him that was later thrown out on a technicality. Trump’s ex-wife, Ivana Trump, has also accused him of raping her. To date a dozen women have publicly alleged that Trump in some way assaulted them. 
Jane Piper, an activist who faced her rapist in court in 2014 , told me in an interview that she believes the women who have accused Trump. “I take their word as their word, and I believe them,” she said. “We have this documented evidence of [Trump’s] attitude and behavior toward women,” added Piper, referring to his numerous public statements revealing a callous and disrespectful attitude toward women. To Piper, the idea that Trump might be a serial perpetrator of sexual assault is consistent with his language and the attitude he has publicly displayed. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
Think about Bill Cosby. While he has not been convicted on charges of sexual assault, in the court of public opinion, he is already considered guilty. He has admitted to drugging women in order to have sex with them, and the sheer volume of accusers against him leaves one wondering: “How could they possibly all be lying?” As Fox News’ Chris Wallace asked Trump during the final presidential debate, “Why would so many different women from so many different circumstances, from so many different years, why would they all ... make up these stories?” 
Indeed, in cases such as those involving Cosby and Trump, there is little to be gained by publicly proclaiming oneself the victim of rape and assault. All a woman gains is to be forever known as someone who accused a famous man of a vile crime. According to Piper, “It is not comfortable to be known in this way. It makes no sense, and it is ridiculous and offensive and insulting” to imply that a woman might make it all up for fame. 
Like Cosby, Trump has bragged about assaulting women. In a now infamous recording obtained by The Washington Post , Trump revealed to TV host Billy Bush that he simply has his way with women: “Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.” And, as in Cosby’s case, women are emerging from the woodwork as the election looms to reveal sordid stories about Trump’s alleged assaults on them. 
One major difference here is that Cosby is an actor (who will indeed face the accusations against him in court), while Trump is running for the highest office in the nation. While all men, including Cosby, need to be held to high standards on sexual assault, those who run for president deserve the utmost scrutiny. 
Piper dismissed the response by Trump’s supporters that the timing of the accusations now emerging is suspect. “Of course, this timing is perfect,” she told me, “because [Trump’s accusers] just listened to him in that video describe what he did and [be] proud of it, and the next day, in the debate, lie and say that he never ever actually did that.” Piper said that if she had been one of the women who had alleged assault by Trump, she “would be doing everything in my power to make sure that the public knew what kind of person this man was so that they would know what kind of leader they were choosing to elect.” Essentially, anyone running for president of the United States should expect his or her past and present to be scrutinized under the most stringent of microscopes. 
“Womanizing,” or having affairs, as presidential candidate Gary Hart was accused of in 1987, is very different from being accused of sexual assault or rape. Hart was brought down by a media frenzy that began with a single, provocative photograph. Trump is heading straight into an election dogged by repeated accusations of crimes—not affairs—and all he has offered are simplistic denials and deflections.",0
5125,"Black Agenda Report for Week of Oct 31, 2016","News, information and analysis from the black left. Black Agenda Report for Week of Oct 31, 2016 Submitted by Nellie Bailey a... on Mon, 10/31/2016 - 20:45 Venezuela The Missing Black Movement Ingredient: Self-Determination 
The Black Is Back Coalition for Social Justice, Peace and Reparations will hold a National Black Political Convention on Self-Determination, November 5 and 6, in Washington, DC. “If you go through history, the fundamental thing that we’ve confronted is the loss of our self-determination as a people,” said Black Is Back chairman Omali Yeshitela . The Coalition has put forward a 19-point position on the need to put self-determination at the center of Black struggles. The 19 points “give us the beginning of some kind of a plan,” said Yeshitela. “It says, specifically, here is our view on self-determination and the subject of reparations, Black women, the question of police invasion and brutality in our community,” and many other issues. The “Moment of Truth” for the Empire 
“We are entering a new moment in American history,” said Dr. Anthony Monteiro , the Duboisian scholar and Black Radical Organizing Committee activist. “It is a moment of truth for the ruling class, for the ruling elite. What do they do when they are trumped at home -- forgive the pun -- and trumped internationally?” he asked. “Do they back off of empire, do they readjust, do they become peaceful, or do they up the stakes and attempt to resolve all problems with war abroad and oppression at home?” Dr. Monteiro is one of the planners of a Revolutionary Science for Radical Times conference, in Philadelphia, December 9 and 10. Hard Times in Venezuela 
Despite what the corporate media are telling you, Venezuelans are not starving and the Socialist Party government will not be toppled any time soon. However, the rightwing opposition “is smelling blood” due to an economic crisis that “has made it very difficult for people to get access to imported goods, and many goods are very expensive,” said political science professor George Caccariello-Maher , of Drexel University, author of We Created Chavez: A People’s History of the Venezuelan Revolution . Corruption, smuggling and money speculation are serious problems, said Caccariello-Maher. However, the strength of the Left lies in the nation’s grassroots organizations and communes. “It would be very difficult for an opposition government to come in and attempt to throw them off their land” or return property to the private sector, he said. Happy Birthday, Rev. Pinkney! 
Benton Harbor, Michigan, human rights leader Rev. Edward Pinkney, currently serving a 2 ½ to 10 year sentence on election tampering charges, turned 68 years old this month. Marcina Cole , a courtroom observer at Pinkney’s trial, teamed up with David Sole , of the Michigan Emergency Committee Against War and Injustice, to throw a birthday party for Pinkney, in absentia, in Detroit. “He’s definitely in support of other inmates, doing ministry work, and looking forward to being out very soon,” said Cole. She reported that Green Party vice presidential candidate Ajamu Baraka visited the political prisoner on October 19. “This was historical,” said Cole. “They know how powerful Rev. Pinkney is” -- and that he has allies on the outside. Black Agenda Radio on the Progressive Radio Network is hosted by Glen Ford and Nellie Bailey. A new edition of the program airs every Monday at 11:00am ET on PRN. Length: one hour.",0
5126,Mysterious flaring X-ray objects in nearby galaxies may represent a new class of explosive cosmic event,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 20:25 UTC © NASA/CXC/UA/J.Irwin et al. In this Chandra X-ray Observatory image of NGC 5128 (also known as Centaurus A), low, medium, and high-energy X-rays are coloured red, green, and blue. Five flares were detected from the source located near NGC 5128, which is at a distance of about 14 million light-years from Earth. A movie showing the average change in X-rays for the three flares with the most complete Chandra data, covering both the rise and fall, is shown in the inset. Astronomers have found a pair of extraordinary cosmic objects that dramatically burst in X-rays. This discovery, obtained with NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory and ESA's XMM-Newton observatory, may represent a new class of explosive events found in space. The mysterious X-ray sources flare up and become about a hundred times brighter in less than a minute, before returning to original X-ray levels after about an hour. At their peak, these objects qualify as ultraluminous X-ray sources (ULXs) that give off hundreds to thousands of times more X-rays than typical binary systems where a star is orbiting a black hole or neutron star. ""We've never seen anything like this,"" said Jimmy Irwin of the University of Alabama, who led the study that appears in the latest issue of the journal Nature . ""Astronomers have seen many different objects that flare up, but these may be examples of an entirely new phenomenon."" While magnetars — young neutron stars with powerful magnetic fields — have been known to produce bright and rapid flares in X-rays, these newly discovered objects are different in key ways. First, magnetars only take a few seconds to tens of seconds to decline in X-rays after a flare. Secondly, these new flaring objects are found in populations of old stars in elliptical galaxies, which are spherical or egg-shaped galaxies that are composed mostly of older stars. This makes it unlikely that these new flaring objects are young, astronomically speaking, like magnetars are thought to be. Also, these objects are brighter in X-rays during their ""calm"" periods. ""These flares are extraordinary,"" said Peter Maksym, a co-author from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. ""For a brief period, one of the sources became one of the brightest ULX to ever be seen in an elliptical galaxy."" When they are not flaring, these sources appear to be normal binary systems where a black hole or neutron star is pulling material from a companion star similar to the Sun. This indicates that the flares do not significantly disrupt the binary system. While the nature of these flares is unknown, the team has begun to search for answers. One idea is that the flares represent episodes when matter being pulled away from a companion star falls rapidly onto a black hole or neutron star. This could happen when the companion makes its closest approach to the compact object in an eccentric orbit. Another explanation could involve matter falling onto an intermediate-mass black hole, with a mass of about 800 times that of the Sun for one source and 80 times that of the Sun for the other. ""Now that we've discovered these flaring objects, observational astronomers and theorists alike are going to be working hard to figure out what's happening,"" said co-author Gregory Sivakoff of the University of Alberta. One of the sources, located near and presumably associated with the galaxy NGC 4636 at a distance of 47 million light-years, was observed with Chandra to flare once. Five flares were detected from the other source, which is located near the galaxy NGC 5128 at a distance of 14 million light-years. Four of these flares were seen with Chandra and one with XMM-Newton. The team looked at the X-ray variation of several thousand X-ray sources in Chandra observations of 70 nearby galaxies. Although several examples of flaring X-ray sources were found, none exhibited the behaviour of the giant rapid flares reported here.",0
5127,What to Cook This Weekend - The New York Times,"Sam Sifton emails readers of Cooking seven days a week to talk about food and suggest recipes. That email also appears here. To receive it in your inbox, register here. Good morning. A terrible week comes to an end with an awful anniversary, of last year’s massacre at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, S. C. in which a gunman killed nine black parishioners during a prayer service. Hatred dogs us still, here and across the globe, offering violence, delivering grief. Hope, for many these days, is thin on the ground. Cooking can help. I think it can. Just follow a recipe. The process is mindful and therapeutic at once, a form that allows you to get outside your racing thoughts and self in order to provide for others. And providing for others is good it counteracts those who would take away from others instead. Maybe, anyway? It’s worth a shot. It’s what we can do. Spend tomorrow baking pies, or assembling a paella, or roasting chickens, or smoking beef ribs, and see what happens. You could make soft serve ice cream for the kids or the people in your life who act like kids. (You don’t need an ice cream maker.) You could make lobster mac and cheese, just because. Or   soft pretzels. Or   banana chocolate muffins. Or loaded nachos. How about a strawberry fool? You could make something you’ve made forever, a familiar kata, performed a thousand times. Or you could make something new and difficult, and surrender yourself to the magic of transformation: oats into granola basil into pesto pig’s feet and Madeira into the fantastical jellied pork stock the chef Fergus Henderson calls trotter gear. Perhaps it’s a weekend to make asparagus soup. Or a buttery breakfast casserole. You could make crab Newburg. Or some   spotted dog. There are thousands of other recipes to choose from on Cooking. Browse them for inspiration, then save the ones you like to your recipe box. Cook them, and revel in the peace that activity can bring. When you’re done, you can rate your work and, if you like, you can leave a note on the recipe to help yourself in the future, or to help others as they cook. As always, we’ll be standing by to help if you run into trouble with the technology or the recipes. We’re at cookingcare@nytimes. com. Outside of the Times bubble, you can find me on Twitter and Facebook, Pinterest and Instagram, where I use and monitor the hashtag #NYTCooking. Now, here’s a podcast to round us out, from Gastropod: “Who Invented the Cherry Tomato?” Have a great weekend.",0
5128,Is De-industrialization a “Natural Phenomenon” of Developed Economies?,"Ryan McMaken https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/de-industrialization-natural-phenomenon-developed-economies/ 
The decline in industrial production is in many ways the product of government interventionism. Jörg Guido Hülsmann explains . 4:38 pm on October 31, 2016",0
5129,After Yesterday’s STUNNING Acquittal Bundys Remain in Jail Because…,"Pinterest 
Despite being acquitted by a federal jury Tuesday, Bundy brothers Ammon and Randy still remain in jail. 
The brothers, as well as a number of other co-defendants, were acquitted in the case involving the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. 
The band of ranchers and farmers had commandeered the refuge at the start of the year to protest what they felt was the illegal seizure of land by the federal government. 
After the standoff eventually ended in late January, federal prosecutors charged them with “conspiring to impede federal workers from their jobs,” as reported by Fox News , but as Tuesday’s news demonstrates, the charges did not stick. 
Sadly for the Bundy brothers, however, the story is far from over. 
It turned out that the Bundys still face charges in Nevada stemming from a previous standoff, this one at their father’s ranch in 2014. Ergo, U.S. District Judge Anna Brown could not release them; instead she approved the U.S. Marshals’ request to take them into custody. 
When the marshals attempted that, however, a scuffle broke out between them and Ammon Bundy’s lead attorney, Marcus Mumford: 
After the verdicts were read, an attorney for group leader Ammon Bundy demanded his client be immediately released and repeatedly yelled at the judge. U.S. marshals tackled attorney Marcus Mumford to the ground, used a stun gun on him several times and arrested him. 
Mumford later explained to reporters what exactly had transpired: 
Also speaking with reporters, another one of Ammon’s attorneys reportedly shared his belief that an acquittal would be achieved in the Nevada case as well. 
“When the jury here hears the whole story, I expect the same result,” attorney Daniel Hill reportedly told the Associated Press, adding that he intended to ask for “client’s release from federal custody pending trial in Nevada.” 
According to The Oregonian , the Bundy brothers’ trial is set to begin Feb. 6, 2017. Their notorious father, Cliven Bundy, is slated to go on trial that day as well.",0
5130,NYT: ’Bill Maher and Milo Yiannopoulos Find Common Ground’ - Breitbart,"The New York Times reports Breitbart Senior Editor MILO and Bill Maher agreed on many issues while appearing on HBO’s Real Time With Bill Maher. [Describing MILO’s appearance on the show, the New York Times writes,  “Despite a brief   of controversy that preceded it, a conversation between Milo Yiannopoulos, the incendiary   author and lecturer, and Bill Maher, the comedian and host of HBO’s ‘Real Time,’ on that program Friday night was a largely docile, chummy affair. There was little conflict or   as both men chided the political left for avoiding or drowning out Mr. Yiannopoulos’s views rather than engaging with them. ”  “Introducing Mr. Yiannopoulos, 32, an openly gay editor at Breitbart News, Mr. Maher said: ‘I think you’re colossally wrong on a number of things. But if I banned everyone from my show who I thought was colossally wrong, I would be talking to myself,’” the NYT noted. Quoting MILO, the NYT states: “’All I care about is free speech and free expression,’ Mr. Yiannopoulos explained. ‘I want people to be able to be, do and say anything. These days, you’re right, that’s a conservative issue. ’” The NYT mentioned MILO’s observations of the political left’s inability to understand comedy anymore: “In the interview on Friday night, Mr. Yiannopolous criticized female comedians like Amy Schumer and Sarah Silverman, and he described the Democrats as ‘the party of Lena Dunham,’ the creator and star of ‘Girls.’ (Mr. Maher replied: ‘Let’s not pick on fellow HBO stars. There are so many other people. ’)” Ending the article by discussing MILO’s comments on “Overtime,” Maher’s internet streamed   program, the NYT stated, “Trying to defuse the tension [between the panelists] Mr. Maher wryly suggested to Mr. Yiannopoulos that he shouldn’t be so quick to spar with his fellow panelists. ‘This is the beginning of your career,’ Mr. Maher said. ‘People are only just starting to hate you. ’” Read the full article here.",0
5131,ALERT: “Most Systemically Dangerous Banks are LARGEST SILVER DERIVATIVE HOLDERS!,"(Table 9) Prec Metals= Mostly Silver 
JP Morgan = $16.7 Billion Citibank = $8.3 Billion 
Although those numbers may seems small in the grand scope of their total derivative positions (JPM = $53T & CITI = $50T) these are the only two banks listed on the report listing ANY silver derivatives! Also, with silver being so massively undervalued a 10x move would mean losses in the 100’s of billions for the silver shorts. (*you can add Deutsche Bank and Commerzbank to the list of silver derivative shorts in Europe!) 
Of course, the OCC reports on only US banks but the near fact that the two most dangerous banks in the world are the two holding the huge silver derivative positions is a clear indication that SILVER MANIPULATION GAME MAY EXPLODE AT ANY MOMENT! 
Stay tuned for more on this in the coming weeks/months as their game goes sideways. 
May the Road. you choose be the Right Road. 
Bix Weir www.RoadtoRoota.com 
PS – IF Donald Trump actually makes it to Jan 20th and gets sworn in as our next President then he will be in charge of the Exchange Stabilization Fund and can pull the plug on the Global Market Rigging Operation at the moment of his choosing. 
Let’s pray he makes it that far as the “forces of darkness” (aka The Bad Guys) are clearly lining up to stop him from taking office. Help us spread the ANTIDOTE to corporate propaganda. Please follow SGT Report on Twitter & help share the message. Related",0
5132,"Dershowitz: Courts Psychoanalyzing Trump - If Obama Issued Travel Ban, It Would Be Constitutional - Breitbart","Saturday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” while discussing federal courts in Hawaii and Maryland halting President Donald Trump’s new restrictions on travelers from   countries, Harvard Law professor Alan Dershowitz said if Trump’s predecessor former President Barack Obama had issued the same order, the courts would not have intervened on the constitutionality of the executive order.  “The idea of focusing so heavily on campaign rhetoric and essentially saying, look, if Obama had issued the very same order with the same words it would be constitutional, but if Trump issues it, it’s unconstitutional because he said some things about Muslims in the   to the campaign,” he said. Dershowitz continued, “That’s not the way the law is supposed to operate. And finally, the Trump Justice Department is getting smart. They are appealing this not to the Ninth Circuit where they are likely to get an adverse ruling. They are appealing it to the Fourth Circuit. The Fourth Circuit is a much more conservative court. And much more likely to uphold the travel ban, and then if the case goes to the Supreme Court and ties four to four, Trump wins. ” He added, “I actually said that this wasn’t constitutional analysis. It was psychoanalysis. There is precedent in extreme cases where legislators in enacting a statute say things that you can sometimes look to the legislative intent. But I have never heard of a case where the rhetoric of a candidate, ambiguous rhetoric to be sure  —   because I do not believe this is a Muslim ban  —  focusing on a country like Iran, the greatest exporter of terrorism, not only no vetting, it sends terrorists out in order to kill Americans. Iran has so much blood on its hands of Americans and American allies, to exclude a country like Iran from the list would be absurd. And the list  —  although for a different purpose  —   was originally designed by President Obama. So how can you say that the exclusion of six countries on the list was motivated by what Mr. Trump said when he was candidate Trump? That is not good legal analysis. I’m putting my reputation on the line —  I predict the case gets to the Supreme Court, the Supreme Court will uphold the major provisions of this ban. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5133,’USA Today’ Article on Quarterback Marvels How He Can Be Friendly With Both Blacks and Whites - Breitbart,"USA Today sports writer Lorenzo Reyes apparently cannot write about a quarterback without injecting into the story racism and racial motivations where they do not really belong. [For his January 10 article on biracial Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott, Reyes found Prescott’s playing stats far less interesting than the fact that Dak is somehow amazingly able to be friendly with both the black players and the white ones on his team.  “Beasley is a    white receiver from Houston. Gathers is 24 and from LaPlace, La. but black. The gift Prescott has is the ability to bond with both,” Reyes writes seemingly in shock. “I grew up in Haughton, Louisiana,” Prescott told Reyes. “I go to my white grandparents’ house, and then I cross the railroad tracks and hang out with my black grandma. We have English teachers on my white side. My grandpa is a principal. And then you go to the other side and people have been in jail. ” Reyes goes on for hundreds of words and over a dozen paragraphs immersed in his amazement over Prescott’s apparently unusual ability to be nice to both blacks and whites. Reyes waxes poetic over how Prescott knows the words to rap songs yet can also sing the chorus of a country music tune, and marvels at Prescott’s ability to “get approval” from players of all races. “Being   and being from the country, I can talk to guys like Travis Frederick from Wisconsin and Doug Free from Wisconsin,” Prescott says of two offensive linemen on the Cowboys. “And then I can go over and talk to Dez Bryant. I mean, think about the two different standpoints you need to have a real conversation with both, to really understand what they’ve been through. I don’t think many can do it. For me, it’s not hard. I’m blessed because it’s natural. ” After over a dozen paragraphs delving into the racial aspect of Prescott’s rise on the Cowboys, Reyes finally gets around to discussing his   activities and playing record. “An outside contender for MVP, Prescott completed 67. 8% of his passes for 3, 667 yards, posted a 23:4    ratio, and ran for 282 yards and six rushing scores,” Reyes belatedly notes. And from there Reyes gives a serviceable bio on Prescott’s football career. But since it took up half of a very long review of the player’s career, clearly the sports writer found the racial aspect far more interesting than anything approaching actual sports news. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
5134,"Rapid Evolution Saved This Fish From Pollution, Study Says - The New York Times","The State of New Jersey says you can’t eat the fish or shellfish from the Lower Passaic River and Newark Bay. That’s because they’re living in the Diamond Alkali Superfund Site, where toxic leftovers from the manufacture of chemicals like DDT and the infamous Agent Orange oozed into surrounding waterways to be taken up by the animals that inhabited them. It’s an evolutionary miracle some of these animals are even alive. No, seriously. A fish that adapted to survive in this water shows evolution at its finest, according to a study published Thursday in Science. The Atlantic killifish is a slippery sliver of silver about the size of a fat finger and as common as the minnow. Starting in the late 1990s, researchers became aware that the fish was tolerant of the toxic waters at the Lower Passaic Superfund site and at least three other highly polluted areas along the Atlantic coastline. The new study found that over just a few decades, distinct populations of killifish independently developed similar genetic adaptations that make life possible in the most unlikely environments. The findings show that evolution doesn’t have to start in one place to be repeated. “It’s these shared changes as well as the unique pattern of changes in these different populations that provide us with a really useful field example of how animals can respond to rapidly changing and extreme environments,” said Diane Nacci, a biologist at the Environmental Protection Agency who worked on the study. She and other researchers, led by Noah Reid, an evolutionary geneticist at the University of Connecticut, compared the whole genomes of 384 killifish from these areas and nearby,   waters. They found that in all regions, one particular genetic pathway was the source of the pollution tolerance, although slightly different patterns of genetic changes were responsible in each population. Normally, toxic chemicals like dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls, or PCBs, set off a number of changes inside sensitive fish that interfere not just with the survival of adults, but also with the development of their embryos. But in the tolerant fish, the trigger for those changes is turned off, allowing some fish to survive levels of PCBs thousands of times higher than the levels affecting sensitive fish. The mutation occurred rather quickly. This speedy evolution was made possible, the researchers think, by the huge and genetically diverse killifish populations that may have harbored a rare mutation. “Whenever you have large population sizes, there’s a chance some might actually carry mutations on their genomes that are advantageous in novel environments, like pollution,” said Michael Tobler, an evolutionary ecologist at Kansas State University who was not involved in the study but wrote a complementary paper on the research for the same issue of Science. “Any that didn’t have this lucky mutation didn’t make it. ” Those that did reproduced, and so became the   Atlantic killifish. But in smaller populations with less diversity, the chance that a rare mutation like this already exists is slim: Evolution is put on hold until that mutation develops. This story “adds to the body of literatures suggesting that preserving genetic diversity within species might be important for buffering them against global climate change,” Dr. Reid said. But it’s not a mop for the pollutants we have imposed on our environment over the past century. “At first sight this study might tell us, well, it will all be fine,” Dr. Tobler said, addressing the argument that perhaps we need not worry if nature appears to be finding solutions on its own. “These killifish can do it, and there’s probably many species out there that can respond in this particular manner, but there’s probably going to be lots of species out there that can’t. ” Additionally, adaptations typically come at a cost. The story of evolution predicts that once the water becomes clean, a tolerant fish won’t do as well as a sensitive fish. What’s the consequence of turning off this pathway, which is responsible for dealing with toxicity at less extreme levels? Researchers are still looking for answers.",0
5135,CrossTalk: Donald and Vladimir,"Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Name:",0
5136,Dumping a Bad App? Tips for a Painless Breakup - The New York Times,"EVERYONE is familiar with this scenario: An app you once loved no longer brings the same joy. It’s gotten buggy over time, or an update transformed it to the point it became unusable. Chances are you thought about calling it quits. But after years of sharing your personal data with this app, you probably gave up and stayed in this stale relationship. You put up with the   bugs and odd design changes because moving to a new, potentially better app felt harder than sticking with the bad one. Take Evernote, the   app. After nearly a decade attracting millions of users, the company last year severely restricted free use of its software while raising prices for its plans by as much as 40 percent. This month, Evernote also released a redesign for its mobile app, which users complained was bloated with unnecessary features that have made note taking too complex. Even so, people have stuck with Evernote partly because taking their notes elsewhere is hardly easy. ”We understand those kind of changes don’t make everyone happy,” said Greg Chiemingo, an Evernote spokesman. “In fact, we’ve seen continued growth of paying customers over the last two years. ” People deserve better than this. Every day you stay with a bad app is time you could be spending with a superior product that will make life better. Here are my tips, based on interviews and personal experience, for a clean break. No app is perfect, but you have to draw the line somewhere. The problem is, you may be in such a rut that you can’t recognize the warning signs. An obvious one is when an app stops working reliably in a way that affects your life. For instance, I called it quits on Apple’s Calendar app when I was planning a dinner with friends last month and the software sent a calendar invite in Greenwich Mean Time rather than Pacific Standard Time. As a result, one person thought we were meeting on Saturday instead of Friday and didn’t show up. (It wasn’t the first time this happened, either.) Brian Fitzpatrick, a former manager at Google who led a team that developed tools to help people move their data to and from Google, said he dumps an app when it has stopped improving. “It’s still functioning, but you don’t see any changes in it for a very long time,” he said. “It’s sort of a zombie app, I would call it at that point. ” Another sign that it’s time to move on is when you have nobody to talk to. Many popular apps for tasks like note taking, photo management and word processing are connected to social networks, or people you can share data with. If an app’s audience is a ghost town  —   like Yahoo’s   app, Flickr, which sank in popularity after mobile   services like Instagram emerged  —   then it’s probably time to leave. Yahoo did not immediately respond to a request for comment about Flickr. The hardest part of breaking up with an app is moving your data. So as a rule of thumb, save a backup copy of your data so that you can export it into a new app. Then carefully search for a better app to suit your needs. As a safety measure before changing apps, you should always keep extra copies of your data somewhere, whether it be in the cloud with a service like Dropbox or on a physical hard drive. Some companies deliberately make exporting your data difficult because they want you to stick around. “It’s sort of like moving into an apartment and finding out at the end of the lease you can’t take your furniture and your books with you,” Mr. Fitzpatrick said. Evernote is a good example. It includes an “Export notes” feature, but it only lets you export notes into two formats that are compatible with just a few other   apps. Microsoft’s   app OneNote, along with Apple’s Notes app, can easily import Evernote records. But if your app of choice is something else, such as Google Keep, you will have to manually paste your notes in the new app. Flickr is also difficult to part ways with. Getting out your photos requires lots of manual labor: You have to download all the photos, which can take a significant amount of time if you have thousands of   images, and then upload them to a new photo service. When companies don’t provide convenient tools to export your data, look elsewhere by doing a quick web search for solutions. There are plenty of people in the same boat as you, and chances are they have written scripts, or lightweight programs, to automatically pull out your data for you. If there is no convenient way to export your data, sometimes it doesn’t hurt to just take out what is most important to you. Perhaps you don’t need    notes from Evernote anymore, so you could just manually paste your latest memos and get a fresh start with a different app. On the bright side, you can learn a lot from a tough breakup with an app  —   which can be especially useful when looking for a replacement. The biggest lessons: Pick a tool that supports a wide array of formats instead of proprietary ones. And before you commit to a new app, make sure it is as easy to get out as it is to get in. Ditching Apple’s Calendar app was fairly easy. All my calendar data was already stored online and Apple’s app supports calendars from multiple online services including Google, Microsoft and Facebook. The key was finding an app that also supported those services but performed better. After testing several apps, I decided that Fantastical 2, a new app with a cleaner interface for getting a glance at calendar events, was the best one. Once Fantastical 2 was installed, I added my Google calendar accounts to load all my events into the app. Mr. Fitzpatrick recently decided to cut ties with Google Voice, the search giant’s calling and texting service, because it had remained unchanged for years. So he made backups of his call history, text messages and address books using Google Takeout, a web tool that he helped develop for easily downloading personal data stored on Google services. Then he switched to Signal, the encrypted messaging service, which has more modern features for messaging and phone calls, and disconnected his Google Voice. Google said it updated Google Voice on Monday with photo sharing and group messaging. But that was too late to keep people like Mr. Fitzpatrick. “A lot of it comes down to, How interested are you in change?” he said.",0
5137,OFFICE DEPOT TO CLOSE 65 STORES IN Q4,"Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Home › ECONOMIC › OFFICE DEPOT TO CLOSE 65 STORES IN Q4 OFFICE DEPOT TO CLOSE 65 STORES IN Q4 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] In August, three months after its proposed $6.3 billion merger with rival Staples fell apart, Office Depot announced the departure of CEO Roland Smith and touted the completion of a three-year turnaround plan with four major elements: Accelerating business contracts operations, revamping its North American retail model, cost reductions and returning capital to shareholders. 
Office Depot in September announced an agreement to sell its European business to investment firm The Aurelius Group, and now its turning its focus to store closure efforts. The 300 closings mentioned in its Q3 earnings report, first announced in August, are on top of 400 closures already planned since 2014. 
While the plan to merge with rival Staples would have created an international office supply juggernaut with an impressive brick-and-mortar presence to neutralize the growing threat posed by online competition, Staples and Office Depot are now once again rivals, each scrambling to figure out what comes next. On a conference call with analysts Wednesday, though, Smith insisted that its plans are clear and reiterated a strategy to build business contracts sales and streamline its supply chain in the name of “optimizing and reinventing retail.” 
“We believe there are significant additional opportunities to transition to a more effective sales coverage model for accounts of all sizes by balancing the benefits of an inside and outside sales coverage model,” Smith said, according to a Seeking Alpha transcript . “We are pleased with our initial progress in these areas and expect the sales trends in our Business Solutions Division to improve in the coming quarters as we continue to grow our sales pipeline and convert customer commitments into revenue and profit.” Post navigation Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 RESOURCES",0
5138,Will Trump make America great again?,"Will Trump make America great again? 03.11.2016 A few days are left before the presidential election in the United States. For the time being, Hillary Clinton has a slight advantage over her rival in the race, Republican candidate Donald Trump . In electoral votes, Clinton has 259 vs. Trump's 164 votes (270 votes are required for victory). It will be up to six doubting states to decide the outcome of the presidential election - Utah, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Arizona, Florida and Ohio. Many experts believe that Trump will win the vote. Will he? First off, the United States is fed up with Obama and the Democrats, and it could be very well seen in the mid-term elections for Congress in 2014, when Democrats lost seven states and gave the vast majority of Congress seats to Republicans. The outgoing president had given many eloquent promises, but has not been able to keep them. Hillary Clinton is the successor of the dubious legacy of Barack Obama. She was part of Obama's government during his first four years as Secretary of State. The infamous Islamic State terrorist organization (banned in Russia) appeared during her stay in power. It was during Clinton's stay in power, when Putin started winning in the game against the USA, when the US Ambassador in Benghazi was killed and when the devastating Arab Spring started gathering pace. Print version Font Size A study conducted by Pew Research found that the highest approval rating of Obama (64 percent in February 2009) was the lowest for any US president since Eisenhower, that is, since the end of World War II. Also read: The many suspicious suicides surrounding Hillary Rodham Clinton Secondly, Clinton lies and makes mistakes all the time. She made her biggest mistake in her professional activities. She used her private email for officials messages, which is strictly forbidden in the USA. The FBI resumed investigation into the case a week before the election, having caused irreparable damage to Clinton's rating. Thirdly, a lot will depend on the turnout. Real wages of the middle class in the United States have not increased since 2008. The people who make the core of the USA want change that Obama has not given to them. ""Who's the candidate with the most rabid supporters? Whose crazed fans are going to be up at 5 AM on Election Day, kicking ass all day long, all the way until the last polling place has closed, making sure every Tom, Dick and Harry (and Bob and Joe and Billy Bob and Billy Joe and Billy Bob Joe) has cast his ballot? That's right.."" US film director Michael Moore wrote. Fourth, Trump personifies the American dream in real life. Donald Trump has made his name himself. Hillary Clinton amassed her fortune when in public service and lecturing Wall Street bankers. Trump's program says what the American people want to hear. The program raises such relevant issues as job losses, terrorist threat, immigration problems. Angry white Americans do not like the fact that various minorities in their country act as if they are a majority. Trump represents the conservative America. Therefore, immigration law, abortion ban, protection of military veterans, the revival of industry - these issues worry most Americans, especially those who go to church on Sundays and honor the commandments. Fifth, the Americans may vote contrary to propaganda. A man approached Michael Moore after a show, the director wrote in his article. ""Coming back to the hotel after appearing on Bill Maher's Republican Convention special this week on HBO, a man stopped me. ""Mike,"" he said, ""we have to vote for Trump. We HAVE to shake things up."" That was it. That was enough for him. To ""shake things up,"" Michael Moore wrote. Also read: Hillary plays Russian roulette in US presidential election Sixthly, 16 Republican candidates and the Republican establishment have tried all kinds of methods to fight against Trump , but nothing could stop him. Trump does not use anything but Twitter and meetings with electors in his election campaign, but he is still very close to Hillary Clinton. ""I think that Trump has very good chances to win. In fact, he has already left Clinton behind,"" Oleg Soskin, Ukrainian politician, economist and political scientist told Pravda.Ru. In this case, the expert believes, major geopolitical, geo-economic and strategic changes will take place as Trump's victory will bring in completely new people, forces, organizations, structures, systems, etc. For Ukraine, Trump's victory woud mark a political death for Poroshenko and his team. Germany and France will experience major changes as well, while the Baltic States will find themsleves in a difficult situation, because they completely depend on the United States. Tectonic changes will occur inside NATO as well,"" Oleg Soskin said. ""Clinton, if she wins, will protect the interests of global financial capital,"" Dmitry Mosyakov, the head of the Center for Southeast Asia, Australia and Oceania at the Institute of Oriental Studies, Doctor of Historical Sciences, told Pravda.Ru. - Trump's coming to power will entail serious changes for East Asia and the Pacific region. Trump says that America should pursue its own interests in the first place in both political and economic fields. I think that Trump will win, if the election is held honestly. He says truly Republican things to revive America's own businesses,"" the expert told Pravda.Ru. Also read: Donald Trump and the genius of idiocy ""The things that we can see happening in the USA now confirm my long-standing assumption of significant divisions of elites in the country,"" Karine Gevorgyan, a political scientist, expert on Iran, orientalist told Pravda.Ru. ""The hegemonic role of the United States has led to chaos both in domestic and foreign policies. Therefore, a serious split inside the administration may aggravate further no matter who eventually takes office as president,"" the expert added. Lyuba Lulko",0
5139,Michigan Union Executives Removed Over Embezzlement Scandal,"Michigan’s Service Employee International Union (SEIU) has confirmed it has removed two top officials from their positions amid an investigation into a large amount of money missing from the organization’s treasury. [The   healthcare workers union announced that Union President Marge Robinson and the union’s   Shalaya Bryant were summarily removed from office while the investigation into the missing funds continues.  The union refused to put a dollar amount on the missing money, but it is clearly substantial since the two   and active officers of the union were removed from office. “The union took steps to bring in trustees at the local and launch a pretty expansive investigation into what could have been going on here,” union trustee Inga Skippings told Fox 2. The union said that the missing funds came to light after a whistleblower came forward to reveal abuse in the union’s vacation and financial loan policies. “In 30 days there will be a hearing that lays out the findings, it will be open to the membership and we think about the next steps from there,” Skippings added. SEIU secretary treasurer Shalaya Bryant earns an annual salary plus benefits of $103, 493 a year, according to records. Margaret Robinson, though, earns far and away more than that as president of the Michigan chapter of the SEIU. Robinson takes in $209, 889 annually according to records. The Michigan SEIU lost 80 percent of its membership in recent years, due mainly to the state putting an end to the automatic skimming of union dues from healthcare workers’ paychecks, a law giving workers the first opportunity they’ve ever had to determine on their own if they wish to be union members or not. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
5140,"India Bans Cash, Now Gold?","India Bans Cash, Now Gold?   16, 2016 
India gold import ban rumored … The Indian Bullion and Jewellers Association has warned members of a potential gold import ban … The association told Indian media the move could come by March 31 as part of the government’s ‘black money’ crackdown. –Mining Journal 
Prime minister Narendra Modi recently decided to confiscate the cash of hundreds of millions of Indians, and now he may forbid Indians from importing gold. 
This would have an immediate effect on gold supplies as India, despite the affinity of citizens for gold and silver, has very little in the way of domestic mining. 
In part, this is because the government itself is consistently at war with Indian citizens over money and its control. This struggle has most recently manifested itself in India’s decision to remove, wholesale, large denomination bills from public circulation. 
More: 
The country [banned] 500 and 1000 rupee notes (worth about US$7 and $14 respectively) and the mooted import restriction [banning gold imports] could be a reaction to dealers swapping the notes for gold. 
IBJA national secretary Surendra Mehta told the Times of India its members should be ready. “We hear from certain circles of this possibility, though nothing official is out yet,” he said. 
The larger issue here has to do with banning cash on a global level. It is typical of reporting in this modern era that few if any of the mainstream articles covering India’s most recent move seemingly mention this. 
Governments around the world are beginning to ban cash. Sweden is far advanced but Uruguay and now India are not far behind. Uruguay is soon to demand that employers cease to pay employees via cash and instead deposit paychecks directly in bank accounts. 
Most recently in Australia, Citibank announced it would no longer deal in cash because most depositors did not wish to be “bothered.” 
We are told these are disparate and individual decisions of various entities and nation states. But they are nothing of the sort. Once again, surreptitiously, the banking elites that want to run the world are surely organizing a pan-global stratagem to advance their control. 
If everyone’s cash is controlled, further technocratic globalization of society on a worldwide scale becomes increasingly feasible. 
The ongoing implementation of a global cash ban has taken on increased urgency because of growing negative interest rates worldwide. People don’t want to pay banks to hold their cash and are thus withdrawing it. The solution? Ban cash outright. 
It wasn’t clear whether this sociopathic endeavor was going to apply to gold, but India’s apparent determination to attack the yellow metal as well as cash seems to give us a clear answer. 
As the attacks on wealth increase, any monetary element not immediately available digitally will come under scrutiny and eventually be targeted with demands for confiscation. 
Conclusion: These emergent attacks certainly illustrate a growing elite desperation to take control, worldwide, sooner rather than later.",0
5141,"Donald Trump, Chattanooga, Mosul: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. After a morning of    statements and Twitter posts,   Donald Trump met with Times journalists and our publisher, above, at our Midtown Manhattan headquarters. We   his comments. He retreated from a vow to pull out of the Paris climate accord, saying he would keep “an open mind. ” He said that he didn’t “want to energize” white supremacists. He suggested that his    could help broker peace between Israelis and Palestinians. And Mr. Trump confirmed that he was dropping his threat of further investigations into Hillary Clinton’s private email server and family foundation, saying she had already “suffered greatly. ” That decision may provoke a backlash among his supporters. ____ 2. The   was also asked about a meeting with a British politician, Nigel Farage, shortly after the election. According to a person present at that meeting, Mr. Trump encouraged Mr. Farage to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Mr. Trump believes will mar the view from one of his Scottish golf courses. “I might have brought it up,” he said during his lunch at The Times. Legal experts say Mr. Trump’s international business ventures could easily run afoul of a constitutional clause on conflicts of interest. The Supreme Court has never squarely considered the clause and there are no historical analogies. ____ 3. Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota is encountering resistance from the White House in his bid to become chairman of the Democratic National Committee. His supporters hoped he would be a fresh face for a party with a depleted bench. But President Obama’s advisers, uneasy with the progressive Mr. Ellison, are casting about for an alternative, according to multiple Democratic officials close to the president. ____ 4. Mr. Obama  awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 people. It’s the nation’s highest civilian honor, and Mr. Obama has awarded more of them than any other president. The honorees include Kareem   above and Ellen DeGeneres, Diana Ross, Bruce Springsteen, the “Saturday Night Live” creator Lorne Michaels, and Bill and Melinda Gates, among other boldfaced names. He also granted clemency to 79 drug offenders, bringing the number of people whose sentences he has commuted to over 1, 000. ____ 5. More details are emerging about the school bus crash in Chattanooga, Tenn. that killed five students on Monday. The authorities say the    driver was going “well above” the     speed limit when the bus crashed. He’s been charged with five counts of vehicular homicide. ____ 6. The military campaign to oust the Islamic State from Mosul is in its sixth week. Our photographer and reporter covering the battle focus on an intensifying humanitarian crisis: the thousands of residents trying to flee. Stories of anguish like one from a   man searching for his parents are common. “I have not heard from them,” he told our reporter. “I am always crying. ” ____ 7. Some babies who have microcephaly linked to the Zika virus might appear healthy at birth, but develop symptoms later. That’s the unfortunate finding in a new study of 13 babies in Brazil. Doctors say there will most likely be other waves of children whose brains were affected by the Zika infection, but not severely enough to be noticed in their early months or years. ____ 8. Exxon Mobil, under fire over its past efforts to undercut climate science, is accusing the Rockefeller family of masterminding a conspiracy against it. Rockefeller family charities, longtime backers of environmental causes, have supported much of the research and reporting that have called the company to account for its climate policies. In 1870, John D. Rockefeller founded Standard Oil, the company that became Exxon Mobil. Above, David Kaiser, a member of the Rockefeller familiy. ___ 9. There is a sense of relief in Japan after a powerful earthquake tested the safety of a nuclear power plant. The 7.  quake hit near the site of the   2011 nuclear disaster in which three reactors melted down. This time, the Fukushima Daini and Daiichi power stations responded well. But critics remain concerned about whether the company is prepared for a disaster on the scale of the 2011 earthquake. ___ 10. Global warming is altering the ecology of the Arctic on a vast scale. Two sets of scientists have found that, with air temperatures far warmer and sea ice far rarer than normal, algae that form the base of the oceanic food chain are wildly proliferating. The changes are likely to have a profound impact on animals like birds, seals, polar bears and whales. ___ 11. Finally, we’ve been talking a lot about Thanksgiving dinner. But what about the before and after? Here are some recipes for appetizers on the big day, and a hearty frittata to feed overnight guests. ___ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
5142,Harry Reid Just Accused FBI Of Hiding “Explosive Info” About Trump & Putin,"Comments 
Democratic Senate leader Harry Reid just sent a scathing open letter to FBI Director James Comey, calling him out for smearing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton while hiding a sinister truth about Donald Trump that the public deserves to know. In it, he accuses the controversial FBI Director of sitting on secret “explosive” intelligence information about the Republican presidential campaign’s coordination with Russian strongman Vladimir Putin. Reid wrote : 
The double standard established by your actions is clear. 
In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisors, and the Russian government – a foreign interest openly hostile to the United States, which Trump praises at every opportunity. The public has a right to know this information. I wrote to you months ago calling for this information to be released to the public. There is no danger to American interests from releasing it. And yet, you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical information. 
By contrast, as soon as you came into possession of the slightest innuendo related to Secretary Clinton, you rushed to publicize it in the most negative light possible. Moreover, in tarring Secretary Clinton with thin innuendo, you overruled longstanding tradition and the explicit guidance of your own Department. 
You rushed to take this step eleven days before a presidential election, despite the fact that for all you know, the information you possess could be entirely duplicative of the information you already examined which exonerated Secretary Clinton. 
Senator Reid continued by notifying Comey of violating the Hatch Act, whic forbids federal employees from engaging in partisan acts. Even further, Reid said that he regretted helping President Obama break a long Republican filibuster of his nomination to head the FBI just three short years ago. 
It’s not surprising that there is a tangible link between Putin and Trump, especially after an interview of the Republican claiming he has a relationship with the Russian dictator was unearthed by the Democratic Coalition Against Trump and authenticated by MSNBC host Thomas A. Roberts this week . 
Which begs the question, what is the Republican Party’s standard bearer hiding regarding his dealings with Vladimir Putin? Related Items:",0
5143,Farmer on Trial Defends Smuggling Migrants: ‘I Am a Frenchman.’ - The New York Times,"NICE, France  —   At times it was hard to know who was on trial, the smuggler or the state. The defendant, Cédric Herrou, 37, a slightly built olive farmer, did not deny that for months he had illegally spirited dozens of migrants through the remote mountain valley where he lives. He would do it again, he suggested. Instead, when asked by a judge, “Why do you do all this?” Mr. Herrou turned the tables and questioned the humanity of France’s practice of rounding up and turning back Africans entering illegally from Italy in search of work and a better life. It was “ignoble,” he said. “There are people dying on the side of the road,” Mr. Herrou replied. “It’s not right. There are children who are not safe. It is enraging to see children, at 2 in the morning, completely dehydrated. “I am a Frenchman,” Mr. Herrou declared. The trial, which began on Wednesday, is no ordinary one. It has been substantially covered by the French news media for its rich symbolism and for the way it neatly sums up the ambiguity of France’s policy toward the unceasing flow of migrants into Europe and the quandary they present. France, foremost among European nations, prides itself on enlightened humanitarianism, fraternity and solidarity. And yet, perhaps first among them, too, it is struggling to reconcile those values with the pressing realities of a smaller, more globalized world, including fear of terrorism. The contradictions are being played out in courtrooms, in politics and in farmers’ fields, on the sidewalks of Paris and in train stations from the Côte d’Azur to the northern port of Calais, where the government demolished a giant migrant camp in the fall. On the one hand, politicians in this year’s presidential election are competing to see who can take the toughest line on securing France’s borders. Most are promising a crackdown on migrants, with admission reserved for   cases of political persecution. Terrorist attacks, including the one last summer in Nice that killed 85 people, have exacerbated   sentiment. But in these remote mountain valleys, where Jews fleeing the Nazis and the Vichy collaborators found refuge during World War II, Mr. Herrou has become something of a folk hero by leading a kind of loosely knit underground railroad to smuggle migrants north, many destined for Britain or Germany. His work has won him admiration for his resistance to the state and his stand that it is simply right to help one’s fellow man, woman or child. Others in this region seem to agree. In the square outside the   courthouse, hundreds of sympathizers gathered and shouted, “We are all children of immigrants!” Mr. Herrou got a hero’s welcome as he descended the steep steps late in the evening, trailed by television cameras. Inside, not even the prosecutor,   Prêtre, seemed to want him there and praised his cause as “noble. ” He asked for an   sentence, but quickly reassured the court that it should be suspended, “of course. ” Still, the law is the law. “He’s demonstrated a manifest intention to violate the law,” Mr. Prêtre told the court. “One can criticize it, but it’s got to be applied. ” The verdict, which will be made by the panel of three judges who heard the case this week  —   there was no jury of peers  —   is scheduled to be announced on Feb. 10. The appeal for leniency was both an acknowledgment of widespread discomfort with the law, as a well as recognition of Mr. Herrou’s growing status in the region around Nice and its mountainous backcountry, the Roya Valley. Mr. Herrou was voted “Azuréen of the Year” last month by the readers of the leading local newspaper,   to the fury of regional officials. “I am Cédric,” read one of the placards in the crowd. “Long live the righteous of the Roya,” read another. The courtroom on Wednesday was filled with people from the mountain  —   the men bearded and ponytailed, the women in duffel coats  —   who had come to support Mr. Herrou and who were convinced right was on their side. The notion that Mr. Herrou is trying to uphold what he sees as basic French values, rather than violating the law, is much of the reason he appears to enjoy a considerable measure of popular support. The argument formed the essence of his lawyer’s defense strategy. Remember the last word in the French Republic’s motto, “Liberté, Egalité, Fraternité,” his lawyer, Zia Oloumi, told the court. “They are saying M. Herrou is endangering the Republic,” Mr. Oloumi told the three judges. “On the contrary, I think he is defending its values. “You see, you have got this value, fraternity, and the dictionary is quite clear,” Mr. Oloumi said. “Think about the impact of your decision on the practical application of the idea of fraternity. ” Mr. Herrou was not making any political points, Mr. Oloumi insisted. He was merely responding to a humanitarian crisis in his own backyard the Roya Valley had become a way station for migrants. The judges did not respond. But the lightness of the sentence called for by Mr. Prêtre suggested that the concepts invoked by Mr. Oloumi had resonance. Mr. Herrou’s accusers seemed most taken aback by his stubbornness. Not every migrant Mr. Herrou picks up is by the side of the road. He finds many outside the migrant camp across the Italian border at Ventimiglia, looking especially for women and children. The presiding judge, Laurie Duca, reminded him he had first been arrested in August, near his mountainside home at    with a van full of migrants. At that time, the prosecutor released him, suggesting that Mr. Herrou’s humanitarian motivations absolved him. That first arrest was evidently merely a warning. “After August, you said you knew it was illegal,” Judge Duca remarked in court. No matter. Mr. Herrou persisted, describing his   work to journalists last fall and even occupying a disused summer camp owned by the state railroad when his own modest homestead became overwhelmed. At that point, in   the authorities decided they had had enough of him. “You were there, and you were extremely active,” the judge said. “Why so much press?” Mr. Herrou replied, “It is right that society should know about all this. ” The judge and the prosecutor suggested that this time Mr. Herrou would not get the humanitarian pass he had benefited from previously. The local political establishment is furious with him. “At the very moment when we need strict controls, Mr. Herrou’s ideological, premeditated actions are a major risk,” Eric Ciotti, the president of the departmental council and a leading   member of Parliament, wrote in  . Mr. Prêtre, the prosecutor, suggested that Mr. Herrou’s persistence and openness had been his undoing. “Mr. Herrou acknowledges everything,” Mr. Prêtre said, with astonishment. “This trial springs from a communications strategy for a cause that I totally respect. ” And yet, “this is what he told the police. He said, ‘I am violating the law.’ But I am the prosecutor. I must defend the law. ”",0
5144,Trump Gets Dumped On Instagram By Supermodel Gisele Bündchen (VIDEO),"Google Pinterest Digg Linkedin Reddit Stumbleupon Print Delicious Pocket Tumblr 
It’s do or die time for Trump, and so not surprising the lies are rolling in at a record speed – this time involving a fake celebrity endorsement by Super Bowl champ, Tom Brady. 
Up until now, the New England Patriots quarterback has remained silent on who he will be voting for in Election 2016, but the cat is out of the bag and it’s in direct contrast to what Trump is saying. 
At a Manchester, New Hampshire, rally Monday night, Trump shared with the crowd a phone call he supposedly received from his buddy Brady, where Tom told the Republican presidential candidate he had voted for him. Trump told the cheering crowd: 
“Great guy, great friend of mine — great, great champion. Unbelievable winner. He called today and he said, ‘Donald, I support you, you’re my friend, and I voted for you. And I said, ‘So Tom. You voted for me, you support me, am I allowed to say it tonight at this massive crowd in New Hampshire?’ He said, ‘If you want to say it, you can say it.’ OK? Tom, that’s what a champ is all about.” 
Watch Trump’s embarrassing display of buddy name-dropping here: 
But there are a couple of problems with this glowing endorsement. Just hours before, on Boston’s “Kirk & Callahan Show” on WEEI Tom Brady said he hadn’t voted yet. Since early voting in Massachusetts ended Friday, he could not have voted in the hours between the show and the phone call, unless he mailed his ballot in, which is highly unlikely. 
But what is most damning is an exchange his wife, supermodel Gisele Bündchen, had on her Instagram page on Friday. 
When a follower asked, “Gisele I heard you and Tom were backing Trump! Is that true???” 
Gisele responded with a resounding, “NO!” 
Here is the exchange as posted on Twitter by Chris Sacca: Three days ago on Instagram, @giseleofficial told a random dude she and Brady weren't backing Donald. 🤔 pic.twitter.com/oiAcUgqkKK 
— Chris Sacca (@sacca) November 8, 2016 
Granted, it is possible Tom Brady lied to Trump. Tom isn’t exactly known for his honesty, having been suspended for the first four games of this NFL season for cheating in the now infamous Deflategate Scandal . 
Either way, Gisele’s posting speaks volumes about who she and her husband WILL be voting for. Perhaps ending the Brady-Trump bromance for good. 
Featured image via Fernanda Calfat/Stringer/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
5145,Mexicans Accuse President of ‘Historic Error’ in Welcoming Donald Trump - The New York Times,"MEXICO CITY  —   If President Enrique Peña Nieto invited Donald J. Trump to visit Mexico for a dialogue in the interest of democracy, the message has fallen on deaf ears. Instead, the predominant feeling here in the Mexican capital is one of betrayal. “It’s a historic error,” said Enrique Krauze, a   historian. “You confront tyrants. You don’t appease them. ” On Mexico’s most popular morning television show on Wednesday, a livid Mr. Krauze likened the president’s meeting with Mr. Trump to the decision by Neville Chamberlain, then the British prime minister, to sit down with Hitler in Munich in 1938. “It isn’t brave to meet in private with somebody who has insulted and denigrated” Mexicans, Mr. Krauze said. “It isn’t dignified to simply have a dialogue. ” Yes, many Mexicans say, it was Mr. Trump who offended the people of Mexico with his disparaging comments about migrants and his promises to build a border wall paid for by Mexico. But for many Mexicans, the surprising invitation from Mr. Peña Nieto  —   who has likened Mr. Trump’s language to that of Hitler and Mussolini in the past  —   is even worse. Newspapers, television stations, social media and all manner of national communications were awash in vitriol at the idea of a meeting between the two men, while political analysts on both sides of the border said they were mystified about why Mr. Peña Nieto invited Mr. Trump. “It is Peña Nieto’s worst mistake so far and one we still don’t understand,” said Vidal Romero, the head of the political science department at the Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico, a university in Mexico City. “This would only hurt him. ” But as others pointed out, Mr. Trump is the Republican presidential candidate, and not the first to visit a Mexican president. John McCain came to Mexico when he was running against Barack Obama. “At the end of the day, this is the Republican candidate,” said Rafael Fernández de Castro, a professor at Syracuse University and former foreign policy adviser to Felipe Calderón, the previous Mexican president. “The U. S. electorate put him in this position, and Peña is respecting that. ” Ultimately, he said, foreign policy cannot always be guided by public opinion, no matter the political consequences. “He has everything to lose in the media, but this is about governing,” Mr. Fernández de Castro said. “He had no other choice  —   a good relationship with the U. S. is essential for the   of Mexico. ” From that perspective, with his approval ratings already low, Mr. Peña Nieto may have less to lose than is commonly thought. If the goal was to ensure national interests in the event Mr. Trump wins, then the furor over the visit seemed a political cost the government was willing to take. Still, there is “unanimity that this is a giant farce,” said Jesús   Márquez, a professor at the Tecnólogico de Monterrey in Mexico City and columnist for Reforma, a Mexico City newspaper. Mr. Peña Nieto “compared Mr. Trump to Mussolini and Hitler,” he added, “and now we invite Mussolini, we are going to negotiate with Hitler when he hasn’t even won the election. ” After the men met, in what Mr. Trump described as an “excellent” occasion, they spoke at a very civil news conference. Mr. Peña Nieto promised to work with whichever candidate was elected and emphasized the importance of ties with the United States. “I shared with him the fact that there have been misunderstandings or affirmations that hurt and affected Mexicans in their perception of his candidacy,” Mr. Peña Nieto said he told Mr. Trump. “The Mexican people felt aggravated for comments that were formulated, but I am certain that he has a genuine interest in building a relationship that would lead us to provide better conditions for our people. ” While Mr. Trump hardly offered Mexicans the sort of apology many had hoped for, he was a far more chastened candidate than they had come to expect. He repeatedly lauded their hard work, and spoke of his “tremendous feeling” for Mexicans. “They are amazing people,” he noted. In the end, he called Mr. Peña Nieto a friend. Citing Mr. Trump’s more respectful tone, the government described the meeting as a success. “It was a different Trump,” said Eduardo Sánchez, the president’s spokesman. “The attitude of this Trump is different from the ones we have seen before today. ” But Shannon K. O’Neil, a Mexico expert at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York, said: “I don’t see how that helped Peña Nieto. If the reason Peña was inviting Trump was to stand up to him and show his strength in front of somebody who has attacked Mexicans, then he failed. ” Other critics were less kind. “To put it mildly, I think it was the biggest humiliation a Mexican president has suffered on his own territory in the last 50 years,” said Esteban Illades, editor of Nexos, a magazine in Mexico. “He not only managed to make Donald Trump look presidential, which is an incredibly hard thing to do, he managed to forgive Donald Trump even though he didn’t actually offer an apology in the first place. ” Mexican officials did not clearly articulate the reasons for the visit at first. Later, in a news release, the president explained the rationale for the meeting as being in the interest of democracy and to create a dialogue. In his remarks, Mr. Peña Nieto suggested that he wanted to fortify the nation’s ties with its most important global partner, while standing up for Mexico. “I also made him notice and feel the great responsibility I have as president of Mexico, to defend the Mexican people, both those who are here and abroad,” Mr. Peña Nieto said after the meeting. Some argued that the invitation was a distraction from the domestic problems that have gnawed at the president. Violence is rising, new scandals seem to emerge regularly and the impunity that lies at the heart of discord in Mexico remains undisturbed. Most recently, the president was accused of plagiarizing a third of his law school thesis, which his office explained as an error in citation. Others were not convinced by that explanation, contending meeting with Mr. Trump hardly made the other problems go away. “I do not see this as a distraction to his problems the visit will only add to the problems he faces in Mexico,” said Jason Marczak, a director in the Atlantic Council’s Adrienne Arsht Latin America Center, a research center. “Donald Trump will come out of this meeting carrying the message of the meeting. ” “He will use Peña Nieto as a political pawn in his campaign,” he added.",0
5146,Who Is Mike Cernovich? A Guide - The New York Times,"President Trump has frequently derided the news media as “fake news,” and on Tuesday his son, Donald Trump Jr. told the world there was one person he wants to see win the Pulitzer Prize, the highest honor in American journalism: Mike Cernovich. Those who do not closely follow the world of conservative social media might be moved to ask, who? Fair question. Mr. Cernovich is a blogger, author of books, YouTube personality and filmmaker with a   social media following. Much of his online persona is driven by two mottos: “conflict is attention” and “attention is influence. ” He told The New Yorker, “I use trolling tactics to build my brand. ” Before this week, he was perhaps best known for promoting false claims that Hillary Clinton was part of a pedophile ring located in the basement of a pizzeria. He describes himself as an “American nationalist” and has been involved in shaping   messages on social media, according to The New Yorker. But he has denied being part of the   movement, calling it “too obsessed with gossip and drama for my tastes” in a blog post. “Until the right wins for once, I have no interest in arguing with the   or disavowing anyone,” he wrote. “Once the right has some actual power, then it will be time to have an ideological civil war. ” This has been a busy few days for Mr. Cernovich, who lately has been promoted by people close to the president more than once. A day before the younger Mr. Trump’s tweet, for example, Kellyanne Conway, an adviser to the president, shared a link to an interview Mr. Cernovich recently gave to CBS’s “60 Minutes. ” Mr. Cernovich started out several years ago as a men’s   writer whose work disdained feminism and promoted a message of men’s empowerment that often dwelled on the question of how to meet women (He is now married with an infant daughter). His advice to straight men, the subject of a book and video talks: Men should be dominant alpha males and embrace a “gorilla mindset” when dealing with the opposite sex. He has long been criticized for his argument that date rape is a liberal fiction. In a blog post published last October, he called it a “harmful concept for men and women” that leads to false rape accusations. “Lying about being in love to sleep with someone isn’t rape,” he wrote. “Getting played isn’t rape. Regret isn’t rape. Thinking, ‘I might have been date raped,’ means you weren’t raped. ” Mr. Cernovich now focuses mainly on politics. From his base in Southern California, he has become influential in parts of social media, helping to shape the   narrative. He uses a steady stream of tweets and videos to promote conspiracy theories and factually incorrect claims that he bills as   journalism. During the presidential campaign, for example, he doggedly promoted false stories that claimed Mrs. Clinton had serious ailments like Parkinson’s disease. He also argued that she was linked to a nonexistent pedophile sex cult located in the basement of a pizzeria in Washington, D. C. That conspiracy theory, known as #PizzaGate, spread widely online and inspired a   man to show up at the restaurant to investigate the claims (he was arrested). Mr. Cernovich insisted the conspiracy was true in an hourlong YouTube video that also claimed most people employed by the news media and “every   actor” in Hollywood were also pedophiles. During his recent “60 Minutes” appearance, Mr. Cernovich said that he never named the pizzeria at the center of the #Pizzagate conspiracy theory and called the shooting a “very unfortunate thing. ” He also said his claims about Mrs. Clinton’s health were based on an anonymous tip sent to him by a doctor who had never examined Mrs. Clinton before and had no access to her medical records. Nevertheless, he stood behind his claims. “They’re definitely not fake,” he said. “They are not lies at all. 100 percent true. ” In a blog post published on Sunday, Mr. Cernovich wrote “the White House Counsel’s office identified” Susan E. Rice, President Barack Obama’s national security adviser, “as the person responsible for the unmasking” Trump associates who were caught up in the electronic surveillance of foreigners. Similar reports were published by other news organizations. “Unmasking” is the process by which a   official, such as a national security adviser, requests the identity of a person whose name has been blacked out in an intelligence report. It does not mean leaking that information to a third party. Donald Trump Jr. praised Mr. Cernovich’s post on Twitter and said he was the first person to publish this information. In an email on Tuesday, the president’s son declined to answer questions on the record about Mr. Cernovich or his blog post. Ms. Rice denied any wrongdoing in an interview with MSNBC on Tuesday. She said she sometimes asked the identities of American citizens whose names had been redacted from intelligence reports because she needed that information to properly understand the context of the reports. She said it was part of doing her job and was “absolutely not for any political purpose, to spy, expose, anything. ” “I leaked nothing to nobody and never have and never would,” Ms. Rice said in the interview. After the president’s son tweeted about him, Mr. Cernovich said he was inundated with media requests, which he gleefully rejected one by one in a rambling live YouTube monologue. Holding his infant daughter in his arms, Mr. Cernovich derided the media as a cabal of “trust fund kids” and “trash. ” “They have no idea what it’s like to struggle the way I struggle and the way the working class struggles, and that’s why I am a hero of the working class,” he said. He added that he would not respond to media requests. “I don’t want to be your friends. I don’t respond to your emails. ” But Mr. Cernovich did respond to a direct message from me on Twitter asking about the Susan Rice blog post on Tuesday evening. In the reply, he denied that the White House Counsel’s Office had been the source for his blog post about Ms. Rice, even though it said as much in the second paragraph. “I never mentioned sources in my original report and disavow any reports that I have sources within the White House,” he said. He also twice suggested that I buy his book “Gorilla Mindset. ” In that exchange and subsequent public tweets that included screen shots of his   replies, he also criticized The Times and some of its reporters by name, implied that the Mexican billionaire and Times shareholder Carlos Slim has a role in news coverage (he does not) and generally attacked the integrity of its journalists, living and dead, and its journalism, past, present and future. During his YouTube broadcast on Tuesday, Mr. Cernovich denied accusations from critics that he is a misogynist, a rape apologist or a white nationalist. He said his past statements had been taken out of context and called some of them “obvious satire” that had been misinterpreted in bad faith. “Nobody tells you how to be famous,” he said. Later, shortly before appearing on a talk show hosted by Alex Jones, another   conspiracy theorist, Mr. Cernovich said he did not care if the media portrayed him positively or not. “Look at me,” he said, speaking into the camera. “I did this to Susan Rice. I did this to Hillary Clinton. I’m doing real journalism. I’m destroying your fake news outlets. Look at me. Look at my face. I’m the media now. ”",0
5147,Exclusive: Government Will Not Request Prison Sentence for ’Child Migrant’ Who Raped 5 Year-Old Boy,"The  ’s Office (AGO) will not request a prison sentence for a “child migrant” who raped a 5   boy in late 2015, Breitbart London has established. [The migrant, who told the boy he would “break him into pieces” if he told anyone about the attack, was handed a     rehabilitation order by Judge Jonathan Bennett. Defence lawyer Alwyn Jones welcomed the ruling, saying he hoped it would “address the underlying issues this young man has. ”  Any member of the public can request that the Law Officers of England and Wales appeal sentences of this nature under the Unduly Lenient Sentence scheme. Breitbart London reported last November that at least one unknown member of the public had done so in this case. However, the AGO has since told Breitbart London that Tory MP Robert Buckland, the   has “carefully reviewed the papers” and “concluded that if the sentence imposed on the offender was referred to the Court of Appeal, the Court would not increase the sentence”. It was on this basis that Buckland “decided not the refer the case”. The AGO gave Breitbart London no indication as to its own assessment of the sentence’s suitability. The original sentence was just one of a series of rulings which have encouraged accusations that the judiciary are “out of touch” with the ordinary public, with some calling for judges to be subject to retention elections, as in Japan and several American states. In one such case, last August, judges as Basildon Crown Court ruled that Alexander Bassey would serve just four years in custody after horrifically scarring and partially blinding five white teenagers in a random acid attack before calmly walking back to his laughing,   gang at an Essex railway station. Criticism of the judiciary reached fever pitch following a controversial ruling in the High Court which deemed that MPs should have the final say over whether or not the UK leaves the European Union (EU) a move which saw senior judges branded “enemies of the people”. Furthermore, the courts have proven keener to resort to imprisonment for offences which are seemingly much less serious but judged to be “racially or  ” in character. 35   Kevin Crehan was imprisoned for leaving bacon sandwiches on the doorstep of a mosque. He was found dead in his cell shortly after Christmas in an incident which is currently subject to an ongoing investigation. The courts have also appeared to be relatively harsh when dealing with members of the British Armed Forces, as in the case of Sergeant Alexander Blackman  —   better known as ‘Marine A’. Sergeant Blackman was handed a ten year sentence for shooting dead an already   terrorist in Afghanistan. Critics of the sentence, which the courts reduced by just two years on appeal, have described the shot as a coup de grâce, or “shot of mercy”. Deficiencies in Sergeant Blackman’s defence mean that the original sentence may ultimately be deemed unsafe.",0
5148,FBI’s Comey Debunks Huma Abedin’s Excuse for Clinton Emails Appearing on Anthony Weiner’s Laptop,"Missing from much of the news media coverage of FBI Director James Comey’s testimony last week that   top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin regularly forwarded classified emails to her husband, Anthony Weiner, is that the revelation directly contradicts Abedin’s own claims from last November about how the emails famously made it to Weiner’s laptop computer. [During last Wednesday’s Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on FBI oversight, Comey stated Abedin appears to have engaged in a “regular practice of forwarding  ” to Weiner’s computer, possibly for him to print out.  The testimony, which came during an exchange with Sen. John Kennedy ( ) about classified emails found on Weiner’s computer, went thusly: KENNEDY: OK. Was there classified information on  —   on former Congressman Weiner’s computer? COMEY: Yes. KENNEDY: Who sent it to him? COMEY: His then spouse, Huma Abedin, appears to have had a regular practice of forwarding   to him, for him I think to print out for her so she could then deliver them to the Secretary of State. Those details seem to contradict claims made by Abedin last November through her lawyer, Karen Dunn, immediately following reports that the FBI discovered possible Clinton emails on her estranged husband’s computer. Dunn claimed that Abedin did not know how the emails could have reached Weiner’s device and only learned about the possibility of emails being on Weiner’s laptop via media reports. “She only learned for the first time on Friday, from press reports, of the possibility that a laptop belonging to Mr. Weiner could contain emails of hers. While the FBI has not contacted us about this, Ms. Abedin will continue to be, as she always has been, forthcoming and cooperative,” Dunn said in the statement. Politico further quoted a “source familiar with Abedin’s account” as stating that, according to Politico’s portrayal, that Abedin “has told colleagues she was taken aback when she learned that the FBI found her emails on a laptop belonging to her estranged husband, Anthony Weiner, and doesn’t know how the messages got there. ” That’s a far cry from Comey’s testimony that Abedin appears to have regularly forwarded Clinton emails to Weiner. Weiner was seemingly trusted in Clinton’s inner circle. As Breitbart News reported last November, one Clinton email released at the time had Clinton asking Abedin whether a trusted staff member working for Weiner could deliver a secure cell phone to Clinton. Meanwhile, Comey’s revelation has some calling for a special prosecutor to probe Abedin. Last week, Sen. Richard Blumenthal ( ) was asked on MSNBC’s Morning Joe whether he believes Abedin’s actions were potentially criminal. “If there was classified information and it was improperly passed to a person unauthorized to receive it. Yes, it’s a crime,” he said. “Without knowing what the intentions were and so forth, there is potentially a prosecutable crime. ” “Should it have been prosecuted?” host Joe Scarborough asked. “It still may be potentially. It’s not outside the statute of limitations. Who will decide it? That’s why we need a special prosecutor to review all of this investigative material,” Blumenthal replied. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. With research by Joshua Klein.",0
5149,Making the Transition Less Chaotic,"Making the Transition Less Chaotic November 20, 2016 
The mainstream U.S. media is faulting Donald Trump for a turbulent start to the presidential transition, but part of the chaos is baked into the process and its excessively large job turnover, says ex-CIA analyst Paul R. Pillar. 
By Paul R. Pillar 
Disarray in the Trump transition apparatus has been a major news story, so much so that one of the President-elect’s recent Twitter offensives has been to assert that there isn’t any disarray and to castigate the New York Times for covering the disarray. 
Amid all the transition horse race coverage of who’s in and who’s out and which appointment will be even more controversial than other appointments, almost no one is taking this episode as another reminder of how needless is much of this confusion and turmoil. Donald Trump and Mike Pence during Day Three of the Republican National Convention. (Photo credit: Grant Miller/RNC) 
The United States is alone among advanced representative democracies in subjecting itself to disruption in which thousands of government officials are replaced every time the electorate changes the political leadership. Far more common among sister democracies is changing of government that entails replacement of a slate of ministers and a small number of assistants and staff, with a permanent professional service underneath them charged with carrying out whatever policies are identified with the leaders whom the voters have elected. 
Granted, most of the positions that have been the focus so far of the transition in the United States are cabinet-level posts that would be changing as well in those other democracies. But there are thousands more jobs to go; the turmoil is just beginning. 
The confusion is worse this year because so many of the President-elect’s presumed policies are themselves confused extrapolations from fragmentary and often contradictory comments he made during the campaign, with no prior public service on his part from which to draw conclusions. Moreover, because of the experience-free, blank-slate quality of so much of what passes for a Trump program, more is riding this year than most years on who wins the contests for plum jobs. But the disadvantages of the whole disruptive process are not unique to this transition or to Trump. 
Unnecessary Disruptions 
One of the biggest disadvantages is the sheer disruption itself, with all the resulting interruptions to governmental programs and foreign relations. Newcomers are still learning the location of rest rooms and the phone numbers of essential contacts elsewhere in the government as continuing business must be transacted. It also has become routine with each transition for many senior positions to remain vacant for months after the inauguration. President Barack Obama returning to the White House on Jan. 17, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
The quadrennial purge of upper levels of the U.S. Government may be consistent with the habit of thinking of U.S. policy in terms of discrete administrations, but it is inconsistent with the larger reality that — notwithstanding the understandable focus on where political parties and candidates differ — most of the important business and important interests of the United States continue across administrations. 
This certainly is true of the vast majority of issues in foreign relations. Here the Trump transition has made transition confusion among overseas partners even worse by eschewing the usual procedure of coordinating a President-elect’s contacts with foreign leaders through the State Department’s operations center. The politically sensitive matter of who gets a phone call before whom has been thrown to the wind and the ordering determined by such things as whether [Australian] pro golfer Greg Norman had Trump’s phone number to give to his prime minister. 
Not least important: experience, expertise, and the knowledge that comes from continuous work on a problem matter a lot in the sound administration of policy. That is what one gets from a professional civil service and does not get from most newbie political appointments. 
Pre-election political support appears so far to be at least as important a criterion in Trump’s appointments as it is with other incoming administrations. It is not what makes for carefully crafted and skillfully executed policy. 
Passing Out Plums 
The usual rationale for making political appointments in the thousands is that this helps assure that the elected president’s policies will be fully implemented and is thus consistent with the democratic principle of policy reflecting the will of the voters who elected that president. Steve Bannon, political adviser to President-elect Donald Trump. (Photo from YouTube) 
In fact, the filling of those jobs often has nothing to do with the will of the people, results in policies that may even be contrary to that will, and puts into office people more inclined to pursue their own agendas rather than any agenda associated with the president or any platform on which he or she ran. 
In most transition years, probably the single factor that most influences which of the ambitious and willful people aspiring to senior executive branch jobs will get the jobs is which of those people, early in the primary stage of the election campaign, made better political predictions than other people and hitched their wagons to what turned out to be the winning horse. 
Amid the disarray of this year, we have the added spectacle of senior appointments depending on such things as internal squabbling over who runs the transition, which in turn depends on such things as the President-elect’s son-in-law getting revenge on the previous transition head because he had prosecuted the son-in-law’s father for tax evasion and other crimes. None of this has much of anything to do with democracy. 
The periodic purging of the senior governmental ranks is one of several ways in which, although exceptionalist-minded Americans may be reluctant to admit it, American democracy lags behind democracy elsewhere. 
A Better Way? 
This year’s election gives multiple reasons to long for a British-style parliamentary system. One reason is that those cabinet-level appointments that are the focus in the United States of ructious transition team politics and out-of-right-field possibilities such as a John Bolton or Rudolph Giuliani would instead mostly go to members of the winning party who had been front-bench shadow ministers, had themselves been elected by the people, and had acquired and demonstrated some expertise with clusters of issues as exhibited in parliamentary debate. 
The British system also makes for far clearer and better understanding of who is responsible for policy and who should be held accountable for failures or rewarded for successes. Notwithstanding the advantages of checks and balances in the U.S. system, it does not provide democratic accountability when the electorate is ignorant, as it was with great effect this year . 
For example, a poll taken two years ago by the Annenberg Public Policy Center showed that only 38 percent of respondents knew that Republicans controlled the House of Representatives. Couple that lack of knowledge among the electorate with a Congressional Republican playbook that, as Norman Ornstein of the American Enterprise Institute describes it , consisted of, “Vote in unison against everything, filibuster everything, even those things you like, to obstruct action and make it look ugly, allow damage to the country in the short term to reap political rewards in the next election.” 
A result is what we saw this year: a large part of the electorate understandably frustrated with a dysfunctional government’s failure to provide better for the general welfare, but with poorly informed aim regarding where they should direct their ire. 
Moving to a parliamentary system would entail a huge constitutional change, and that is not going to happen. But there is nothing in the Constitution that requires the confused and disruptive quadrennial purging of the Executive Branch. 
We can’t blame the Founding Fathers for that one. The main reason that flaw in American democracy probably won’t get fixed is the reluctance of any candidate to forgo being able to offer as many plums to would-be supporters as other candidates have offered. 
Paul R. Pillar, in his 28 years at the Central Intelligence Agency, rose to be one of the agency’s top analysts. He is author most recently of Why America Misunderstands the World . (This article first appeared as a blog post at The National Interest’s Web site. Reprinted with author’s permission.)",0
5150,F.B.I.’s Critique of Hillary Clinton Is a Ready-Made Attack Ad - The New York Times,"Hillary Clinton may not be indicted on criminal charges over her handling of classified email, but the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, all but indicted her judgment and competence on Tuesday  —   two vital pillars of her presidential candidacy  —   and in the kind of terms that would be politically devastating in a normal election year. The silver lining for Mrs. Clinton is that this is not a normal election year. Mrs. Clinton’s campaign is built on the premise that she has the national security experience and   instincts to keep Americans safe in the age of terrorism, and that Donald J. Trump does not. Nearly every day, she seeks to present herself as a more thoughtful and responsible leader. She has spent months describing Mr. Trump as “reckless,” “unprepared” and “temperamentally unfit” to be president, and she has pointed to her four years as secretary of state and eight in the Senate as unparalleled preparation for becoming commander in chief. Yet in just a few minutes of remarks, Mr. Comey called into question Mrs. Clinton’s claims of superiority more memorably, mightily and effectively than Mr. Trump has over the entire past year. And with potentially lasting consequences. To her charge that he is “reckless,” Mr. Trump may now respond by citing Mr. Comey’s rebuke: that Mrs. Clinton and her team “were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information. ” To her promises to defend the United States, Mr. Trump may now retort with Mr. Comey’s warning that “it is possible that hostile actors gained access” to Mrs. Clinton’s email account and the top secret information it contained. And to her reproofs about his temperament and responsibility, Mr. Trump may now point to Mr. Comey’s finding that “there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes” on handling classified information  —   though Mr. Comey said that other factors, like Mrs. Clinton’s intent, argued against criminal charges. Worst of all was the totality of Mr. Comey’s judgment about Mrs. Clinton’s judgment. She is running as a supremely competent candidate and portraying Mr. Trump, in essence, as irresponsible and dangerous. Yet the director of the F. B. I. basically just called her out for having committed one of the most irresponsible moves in the modern history of the State Department. And a day that should have been one of Mrs. Clinton’s best of the campaign  —   as she stumped alongside President Obama for the first time and received his hearty endorsement  —   ended up as one of her worst. Her clearest selling point  —   that she, unlike Mr. Trump, can manage challenging relationships with allies and adversaries  —   has now been undercut because she personally mismanaged the safeguarding of national security information. These were only Mr. Comey’s words, of course: He did not recommend federal charges against Mrs. Clinton or any of her aides, which came as a huge relief to Democrats who feared worse. Still, as the Republican strategist Russ Schriefer put it on Tuesday, “Any time a campaign is using ‘Well, at least she wasn’t indicted’ as a cause for celebration isn’t a good day for the campaign. ” As bad as this looks for Mrs. Clinton, with voters reminded once more of the history of scandal that shadows the Clintons, she could still rebound quickly. She is no longer “under investigation,” after all, and Mr. Trump could very well bungle the political gift he has just been given. A more conventional Republican nominee would probably already be using Mr. Comey’s remarks to churn out new attack ads and bombarding television and radio audiences until every voter had heard the phrase “extremely careless” more than he or she could count. A typical nominee would have allies memorizing Mr. Comey’s best lines and repeating them on cable news and at local political events  —   assailing Mrs. Clinton’s judgment and experience to exploit and deepen the mistrust that many Americans feel toward her, and to drive up her unfavorability ratings in public opinion polls. But Mr. Trump is not typical. He has reserved relatively little television advertising time in swing states. He prefers to launch attacks over Twitter and at campaign rallies rather than to use commercials or surrogates as force multipliers. And he has a tendency to choose the wrong targets and overcomplicate his arguments. On Tuesday, for instance, he chose to attack Mr. Comey for not bringing charges against Mrs. Clinton, writing on Twitter, “The system is rigged. ” A few hours later, Mr. Trump issued a longer statement full of insinuations and conspiracy theories: “Our adversaries almost certainly have a blackmail file on Hillary Clinton,” he said. He argued that her lawyers and former President Bill Clinton were up to no good, and contended that Mr. Comey’s findings disqualified Mrs. Clinton from the presidency, a popular Republican talking point. But he did not attack her judgment, which could influence undecided voters, until Tuesday evening at his rally in Raleigh, N. C. “Her judgment is horrible  —   look at her judgment on emails, who would do it?” Mr. Trump said. But he did not prosecute the argument in any depth, and quickly moved on. This is exactly what the Clintons hope Mr. Trump will continue to do: denounce the investigative process, which few voters understand. Beat up on a relatively unknown figure like Mr. Comey, who is not running for anything. And overreach politically, by playing up conspiracy theories  —   delighting some voters but causing many others to roll their eyes. As long as Mr. Trump continues to do so, Mrs. Clinton and her advisers believe that she can weather Mr. Comey’s public reprimand without sustaining much   damage. “The issue now for Trump is to make a case against Mrs. Clinton that, even though she may not be charged with a crime, do you want a president who was extremely careless and incompetent in handling the most important top secret materials?” said Edward J. Rollins, a veteran Republican strategist who is working with a group supporting Mr. Trump’s campaign. “Guilty, no incompetent and arrogant, yes!” But Mr. Rollins said he was not sure whether Mr. Trump was capable of making that attack consistently and effectively. Even as Democrats cringed listening to Mr. Comey deconstruct Mrs. Clinton’s sloppiness, they consoled themselves by expressing confidence that the moment would pass. “The   picks, conventions and debates will overtake this news before long,” said Bill Burton, a former adviser to President Obama. “And a presidential race is a choice. And if the question is judgment, Donald Trump would be a pretty stupid answer. ” While Clinton advisers were skeptical that Mr. Comey’s remarks would sway many undecided voters, they also said relatively little publicly to avoid fanning any flames  —   preferring instead, they said, to wait and see if Mr. Trump might stumble and say something to take the heat off her. Mr. Trump has had weeks of unrelentingly negative news coverage, most recently about whether a Twitter post was   and Clinton advisers said that they were counting on him to make some kind of flippant remark about Mr. Comey or the F. B. I. that might boomerang on him. But there was no avoiding the conclusion that Tuesday  —   which had held much promise for Mrs. Clinton, thanks to Mr. Obama’s   endorsement  —   was instead one of the lowest points of her campaign so far. After eight years of a relatively   administration, voters listening to Mr. Comey describe the intricacies of the F. B. I. ’s email investigation received a bracing reminder that things tend to get complicated with the Clintons.",0
5151,Will an Anti-Trump Color Revolution engulf the US?,"November 11, 2016 -  By Eduard Popov for Fort Russ - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


On November 9th, despite the overwhelming majority of forecasts, the eccentric billionaire Donald Trump won the US presidential elections, not the favorite of the American elites, Hillary Clinton.  
But Trump’s joy is not shared by everyone. Many American citizens don’t consider him to be their president. A wave of demonstrations and protests has swept across America which are becoming stronger with each passing day. Today, November 11th, it was reported that a petition to the electors to recognize Hillary Clinton’s victory has already gathered 2 million signatures (over two, not even whole days!)  
The situation unfolding today in the US is in some of its features reminiscent of the situation n Ukraine during the first “Orange Revolution” of 2004. Ukraine was split into two camps along geographic lines: the South and East were for the winner of the second round of elections, Viktor Yanukovych, and the West and Center were for Viktor Yushchenko, the leader of the liberal opposition. Of course, this comparison might be somewhat arbitrary, but what ties together the present situation in the US and Ukraine in 2004 is that Ukrainian and American society turned out to be split.  
In the US, according to published statistics, 70% of the white population voted for Donald Trump along with most Protestants and slightly more than half of Catholics. For Hillary Clinton voted racial minorities - 88% of African Americans and 65% of people of Latin American origin. Clinton was also supported by religious minorities, such as Jews, Muslims, and atheists, sexual minorities, and supporters of “cultural revolution,” i.e., the intelligentsia living in the big cities. This is at least how the picture looks from Russia.  
I will posit that Yanukovych’s victory in the second round of elections and Trump’s victory divided their nations insofar as the elections were polarized along the positions of citizens (whether geographical, racial, or cultural). The second, losing half of the population felt deceived and betrayed. In Ukraine, the situation was then transformed into the exact opposite: as a result of an unconstitutional “third round” of elections, the president’s victory was handed over to Western Ukraine’s candidate, Yushchenko. Then it was the South and East that felt betrayed.  
Larger and larger masses of people in the US are protesting. I think that these protests will subside and won’t lead to anything big.  But the cultural-civilizational and racial split, not receiving any political solution, will only become deeper and create the basis for a genuine split of the nation. Something similar already happened in US history, when there was the split into the Federalist North and Confederate South. But now the situation seems much more complex and the contradictions are far more varied and not restricted to geographical borders. 
Ironically, the first signs of a color revolution can be observed in the US - in the likes of all of such that the US has engineered in different countries. On social networks, the hashtag #Calexit is gaining popularity among California residents. This is a call to proclaim the independence of California and its secession from the US by analogy with Brexit in the UK. 
Individual states in the US have talked about separatism before, but only now is separatism gaining a broad social basis after the presidential elections split American society into two maps: the white population, and racial and religious minorities including the supporters of multiculturalism. 
But what has particularly struck me personally in the current situation surrounding the elections results is the reaction to Trump’s victory among EU leaders. It is a paradox that such a junior partner (if not vassal) of the US, the European Union, dares to criticize the will of the American people, and even support protests against Trump, i.e., a potential color revolution in the US! One Russian newspaper quoted an anonymous member of the European Parliament according to whom the destructive effect of the outcome of the elections has 10 times surpassed the aftermath of the referendum on Great Britain’s exit from the EU. Judging by everything, this is not only the personal opinion of one European MEP. This is the assessment of the overwhelming majority of the European political mainstream. 
The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Germany, who perhaps might be the future Chancellor of Germany, Frank-Walter Steinmeier, has urged the EU to prepare for Trump’s “unpredictable” foreign policy. The head of the European Parliament, Martin Schulz, did not refrain from expressing himself when he compared Trump’s victory to Brexit. In his opinion, people turn to ""protest voting"" when they are not taken seriously. Thus, one of the leaders of the European Union supports a color revolution in the US! 

Multicultural Europe is standing in support of the multicultural US. How far will the protests in America go and how far will European politicians go in supporting a color revolution in the US? In my opinion, the process is much more important than the result. The country is split, just like the Western elites themselves… 

     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
5152,US Will Never Separate its Fighters from Islamists Because it Depends on Them      :," US Will Never Separate its Fighters from Islamists Because it Depends on Them By Dan Glazebrook
November 08, 2016 "" Information Clearing House "" - "" RT "" - It was the big idea that was supposed to herald a new era of US-Russian co-operation in Syria: the separation of Western-backed moderate rebels from groups such as ISIS and Al Qaeda, in order that the former could be brought into political negotiations whilst the latter were targeted by combined US and Russian military operations. Russia and Syria managed to get the UN Security Council to agree to a ban on the funding, training and arming of foreign fighters joining such groups back in September 2014, whilst the US-Russia ceasefire agreement this September reiterated that separating moderate opposition forces from Nusra [Al Qaedas Syria affiliate, now rebranded as Jabhat Fatah Al-Sham] was a key priority. As Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov recalled at a press conference last week, our agreements with the Americans linked this separation to a seven-day period of quiet. At the end of the period, the Americans undertook to show us on the map exactly where they believed there were terrorists and where there were none. On this basis, we should have jointly coordinated targets for effective engagement. To reiterate, they requested seven days for that, insisting that a seven-day pause should be a precondition. We announced this pause but it was violated with a strike against Syrian Army detachments three days later  when, lest we forget, British and US bomber jets carried out a sustained attack on Syrian army troops fighting ISIS in Deir al-Zour, killing 62 and wounding over 100, effectively burying the ceasefire. Nevertheless, in response to Western demands, Syrian and Russian planes again suspended airstrikes on Aleppo two weeks ago, giving the US another chance to make good on its promises to separate its favoured rebel factions from the Al Qaeda affiliate, the Nusra Front. A fortnight later, however  and fully ten months after his initial public call (at an International Syria Support Group meeting in February) for so-called moderates to separate themselves from Al Qaeda and co  Kerry was still pleading for them to have more time to do so.
Events on the ground, meanwhile, have been moving entirely in the other direction. More and more of the groups supposedly fighting under the Wests Free Syrian Army banner (never much more than a fiction to which militias could pledge mythical allegiance in exchange for Western finance and weaponry) have been fighting with the Al Nusra-led Jaysh Al-Fateh (Army of Conquest) alliance since it was launched in March last year. Indeed, so successful has this formation been  both in terms of capturing territory, mainly in Idlib province, and in establishing Nusras hegemony over the various insurgent factions  that its leader, Abu Mohammed al-Julani, apparently believes the grand merger of rebel groups he has long dreamed of, fully integrated under a Nusra chain of command, is now a realistic possibility.
It is no surprise, then, that it is precisely this Nusra-led formation that has been leading the rebel onslaught against government-held Western Aleppo launched last Friday, complete with car bombs, rockets and mortars directed against residential areas. These are thought to have killed at least 41 civilians, including 16 children, in relentless and indiscriminate raids that have shocked and appalled the UN Special Envoy to Syria Steffan de Mistura. The Independents Robert Fisk, reporting from the area following a rebel rocket attack, described a younger boy [lying] on a hospital trolley, a doctor picking metal out of his face, all his limbs heavily bandaged. He was writhing in agony, moving his legs wildly, comforted by the director of the school.
Will attacks like these, then, increase the urgency with which the US pursues its supposed desire to separate the groups in receipt of its largesse from their Al Qaeda lite allies?
This is highly unlikely: Syrian foreign minister Walid Muallem was probably correct when he stated last week that the US is unwilling to separate the factions its backs from Al Nusra, despite its repeated commitments to do so, for two main reasons.
Firstly, rebel groups have openly targeted civilians since 2011, often on the basis of ethnicity, religion or political beliefs, and this has never bothered their Western backers before. Indeed, the rebels  then operating under the banner of the pro-Western Free Syrian Army  heralded their entry in Aleppo in 2012 with two massive car bombs in the city centre and the burning down of the citys centuries-old souks. This was followed up with a bomb attack on Aleppo University on January 15 th 2013, killing 80, as part of the rebels morale bombing campaign against those supporters of the government. Two months later, one Syrian soldier and 19 civilians were killed in the village of Khan Al-Assal near Aleppo in a gas attack suspected by the UN Mission investigating it to have been carried out by the opposition. And as early as December 2012, Channel 4 News were reporting on suspected massacres of Alawite civilians by Free Syrian Army fighters, massacres which have been a mainstay of rebel activities. Far from dampening Western enthusiasm for the rebel cause, this particular report was followed up with calls by David Cameron to step up its assistance to the insurgency, who promised a doubling of British aid to the rebels within months. The targeting of civilians has never damaged Western support in the past, and is unlikely to do so now.
Secondly, aside from ISIS and the Syrian army, Jabhat Fateh Al-Sham and Ahrar Al Sham are clearly the most effective fighting groups on the ground, and the other rebel factions and its Western backers clearly understand this. And again, this is nothing new; sectarian Salafist groups have been the leading force in the insurgency since the start, as the West has always been fully aware. The now notorious US Defence Intelligence Agency memo of 12 th August 2012, for example  which was circulated to, amongst others, the State Department, the CIA, the FBI and Central Command  noted thatthe Salafist [sic], the Muslim Brotherhood, and AQI [al-Qaeda in Iraq] are the major forces driving the insurgency in Syria. And to prevent any ambiguity, DIA chief at the time, Michael Flynn, then confirmed in an interview with Al Jazeeras Mehdi Hassan, that the US governments backing of such forces was not based on ignorance, nor a mistake, but was rather a willful decision. Such groups have always been the driving force of the Wests anti-Syria operation, and the US government understands well that its insurgency would soon fizzle out without them. As the USs primary aim remains regime change rather than the defeat of terrorism, therefore, they are unlikely to make any serious attempt to divide their proxies from the fighting forces of Al Qaeda. We can, instead, expect more pleas for time from the likes of John Kerry, and more spurious rhetoric about the US commitment to fighting terrorism, combined with continued material support for the very groups now openly allied to Al Qaeda. In other words: more of the sordid same.",0
5153,"Popular Prostate Cancer Therapy Is Short, Intense and Unproven - The New York Times","After learning he had early stage prostate cancer, Paul Kolnik knew he wanted that cancer destroyed immediately and with as little disruption as possible to his busy life as the New York City Ballet’s photographer. So Mr. Kolnik, 65, chose a type of radiation treatment that is raising some eyebrows in the prostate cancer field. It is more intense than standard radiation and takes much less time  —   five sessions over two weeks instead of 40 sessions over about two months or 28 sessions over five to six weeks. The newer therapy is surging in popularity, but no one knows whether it is as effective in curing prostate cancer, or how its side effects compare. The rise of   radiation is an example of the evidentiary blind spots that bedevil the treatment of prostate cancer. It is second only to lung cancer in men, striking 180, 000 patients a year. But treatments for lung cancer, and for other common cancers like those of the breast and colon, have been evaluated in randomized clinical trials more often than those for prostate cancer. The number of men getting the short, intense treatment, called stereotactic body radiation therapy, or S. B. R. T. more than doubled to 1, 886 in 2013 from 716 in 2007, according to the most recent Medicare data. The number of men getting standard radiation therapy fell over that same time period, according to Medicare, to 47, 512 from 66, 549. The National Cancer Institute has just agreed to fund a clinical trial that researchers hope will settle which treatment is better. It will randomly assign 538 men to have either a short course of five intense radiation sessions over two weeks or 28 treatments over five and a half weeks, comparing outcomes for quality of life as well as   survival. But it will be at least eight years before the answers are in. In the meantime, men and their doctors are left with uncertainty. “Ideally, we want to show five treatments is better,” said Dr. Rodney J. Ellis, a radiation oncologist at Case Comprehensive Cancer Center in Cleveland and the principal investigator for the trial. One reason for the dearth of data is that prostate cancer usually grows slowly, if at all, so it can take many years to see if a treatment saved lives. It is expensive and difficult to follow patients for such a long time, and the treatments given to the men often change over a decade, making doctors wonder if the results are relevant. Also, researchers who have tried to conduct studies comparing treatments often failed because specialists were already convinced that the method they used was best and were reluctant to assign men to other treatments. Dr. Ian Thompson of the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio, said he was involved with several clinical trials that withered for that reason. When clinical trials succeed, though, they can provide important information. For example, a recent one showed that   drugs can prolong life for men whose prostate cancer recurs after surgery to remove the prostate. The researchers on the new study think recruitment will not be a major problem because they are comparing different courses of radiation, rather than entirely different approaches  —   for example, surgical removal of the prostate versus implantation of radioactive seeds in the prostate. A study to investigate those two approaches closed because investigators were able to enroll only 20 patients, Dr. Thompson said. For men, quality of life is often pivotal in choosing a treatment, weighing which possible side effects sound worse: with surgery, urinary incontinence and impotence or, with radiation, bowel problems including diarrhea and rectal leakage, and impotence. With the shorter radiation treatment, there is also a possibility that scarring can block the urethra, an effect that might not emerge until years after the treatment. In the absence of a broad base of solid evidence, men often make decisions based on personal preferences or on the advice of a trusted doctor. Like Mr. Kolnik, some want as short a recuperation as possible and find the newer kind of radiation treatment appealing. But prostate cancer specialists worry about the lack of data. Dr. James Yu, a radiation oncologist at Yale, who will lead the quality of life assessment for the new clinical trial, says crucial unanswered questions are, “How fast can you give it and how fast is too fast?” Very high dose radiation was studied in the treatment of lung cancer, said Dr. Anthony V. D’Amico, a radiation oncologist at Brigham and Women’s Hospital and the Dana Farber Cancer Institute in Boston. For lung cancer patients with small tumors that are not near sensitive structures, like large blood vessels, it appears to be just as curative as surgery. But lung cancer is easier to treat because, with properly selected patients, doctors can avoid sensitive tissues  —   all the oncologist has to worry about is hitting the cancer. Not so with prostate cancer. “The urethra is within the prostate and the bladder neck is literally touching to top of the prostate,” Dr. D’Amico said. Also, the rectum is directly behind the prostate. Radiation can damage those other tissues, he said. Injuries to the urethra and bladder neck might not show up until five or 10 years after the treatment, Dr. D’Amico noted. Those structures can scar and close, limiting the flow of urine. It also can take years before rectal scarring produces symptoms like bleeding. A few years ago, Dr. Yu and his colleagues looked at Medicare data and reported that men who had more intense radiation therapy were more likely to have urinary problems after two years than those who had the   therapy. Dr. Yu noted that his study was not a randomized trial, the gold standard, but he said the results were not reassuring. Now, though, he is not so sure the intense therapy is worse. “In my own experience, these men have done really well,” he said. “That tells us that techniques improved, or the medical claims we evaluated were not indicative of major toxicity, or the way we and others at   centers deliver radiotherapy is different. ” The lack of solid data bothers Dr. Daniel W. Lin, chief of urologic oncology at the University of Washington. When men ask him about the shorter radiation course, he tells them, “It probably can work but it doesn’t have   results and it hasn’t been tested against standard radiation. ” At centers like Sloan Kettering, doctors are relying on their own experience. Dr. Michael J. Zelefsky, a radiation oncologist who treated Mr. Kolnik there, said that several years ago, 90 percent of his patients had the standard course of treatment. Now 90 percent choose the shorter course. On the basis of Sloan Kettering’s experience with several hundred men who had the intense radiation therapy over the past three years, the treatment, he said, “is emerging as a very exciting form of therapy. ” Mr. Kolnik is more than satisfied. During his treatment, he said, “I totally kept up with my schedule. ” He did not even tell anyone other than a few close friends that he was having radiation therapy. “The treatment begins and it finishes before you even realize it,” Mr. Kolnik said.",0
5154,U.S.-Led Force Reduces Attacks on ISIS in Syria After Airstrike - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The   task force that is battling the Islamic State has sharply reduced airstrikes against the militants in Syria as commanders assess whether Syrian government forces or their Russian allies plan to respond to the United States’ cruise missile strike on a Syrian airfield this past week, American officials said. The precautionary move, revealed in statistics made public by the command on Saturday, was taken as Russian officials have threatened to suspend the communication line the American and Russian militaries use to notify each other about air operations in Syria. So far, the Russian military does not appear to have taken any threatening actions, such as directing its battlefield radar or air defense systems to confront the Americans, or carrying out aggressive actions in the skies, United States officials said. But officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal planning said the commanders needed time to determine whether the Syrian president, Bashar   and the Russian military would treat the American cruise missile strike as a   operation that they would not respond to militarily. As a precaution, the Pentagon is flying patrols in Syrian skies with   jets, the Air Force’s most advanced    fighter. If it becomes clear that the Syrians and Russians will not follow their sharp criticism of the operation with significant military action, the pace of American airstrikes against Islamic State forces in Syria can be quickly increased. Over the last two years, American and allied warplanes striking Islamic State targets in Syria have had to fly among formidable Syrian and   air defenses. While there have been a few close calls between Russian and American jets, some of them unintentional, the   air campaign has for the most part proceeded without interference from Russian or Syrian fighters or air defenses. Publicly, American officials had little to say about the reduction in strikes against the militants. “We are using resources as appropriate to the commander’s priorities and as the situation dictates,” a military official said. On Friday in Syria, the day the United States fired 59 cruise missiles around 3:40 a. m. local time against Al Shayrat airfield, the   coalition carried out just seven airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Syria, according to the command. All the airstrikes were near Tabqah, where Syrian fighters and American advisers are trying to take the town and a nearby dam, a move that would cut off the western approaches to Raqqa, the Islamic State’s   capital. By contrast, on Tuesday the   command carried out twice as many strikes in Syria against the Islamic State, and against a broader array of targets. On March 27, the command conducted 19 strikes in Syria against Islamic State militants. In the Raqqa mission, United States Special Operations forces assisting Syrian Kurdish and Arab fighters in their encirclement of the city, in eastern Syria, have also taken unspecified precautions against possible retaliatory attacks, military officials said. The United States struck the airfield in response to a deadly chemical weapons attack by the Syrian government. American officials have said that the purpose of the airfield attack was to dissuade Mr. Assad from using chemical weapons again and that it was not intended to be part of a broader military effort to undermine the Syrian leader’s hold on power. As long as Mr. Assad refrains from using chemical weapons again, the officials have said, the United States does not plan to carry out further attacks on his forces. Some American and other Western counterterrorism officials have said the missile strike could nonetheless make the fight against the Islamic State in Syria more difficult. “It seems clear that the strikes will complicate our efforts to pursue our   campaign in Syria,” said Matthew Olsen, a former director of the National Counterterrorism Center. “In particular, the ability to carry out U. S. airstrikes in Syria in support of the coalition against ISIS requires some degree of cooperation with Russia, which is now in serious jeopardy. ” Other security experts said that much depended on the Trump administration’s next steps, and how the Assad government and its Russian patrons responded. “U. S. aircraft operating over   are already ostensibly in range of the Russian   system at the Humaymin Air Base, and we might see Russia deploy more air defense assets to Syria,” Jeremy Binnie, the Middle East editor of Jane’s Defense Weekly, said in an email. “But if the U. S. makes no moves to threaten Assad’s position, then they may well accept the punishment and move on. ” William McCants, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and the author of “The ISIS Apocalypse,” offered a similar assessment. If the strikes are limited to what took place this past week, “then they don’t change much,” Mr. McCants said. “They won’t help jihadists propagandize against the U. S. because the missiles targeted the hated Assad regime. Russia wasn’t doing much against ISIS, so Russian anger at the strikes won’t affect the coalition effort against the group. ” But Mr. McCants added: “If the United States continues to degrade Assad’s air force, it will be a boon to all the rebel groups, including the   jihadists who have been targeted by the regime. They will begin to recapture some of the territory they have lost. ” Russia sent warplanes to Syria in 2015 in a successful effort to help Mr. Assad maintain his hold on power and expand the territory under his control. The Russians began their first airstrikes in late September of that year. American officials have frequently complained that most of the Russian airstrikes have been directed not against the Islamic State but against rebels fighting Mr. Assad’s forces, including the moderate opposition that has been trained and equipped covertly by the C. I. A.",0
5155,Former FEC Chairwoman Suggests Regulating Political Speech on Social Media - Breitbart,"Former chairwoman of the Federal Election Commission Ann Ravel recently spoke at an event at UC Berkeley titled “Future of Democracy” where she discussed the possible need for regulating political speech and ads on social media. [Ravel, who has previously called for regulation of political websites such as The Drudge Report, stated that without regulation of the internet and digital platforms, the role of the FEC will essentially become obsolete as the FEC focuses mainly on TV and radio content.  “We know that there’s a lot of campaigning that’s moved to the internet, whether it’s through fake news or just outright advertising and there is almost no regulation of this, very little. And so that the disclosure that we expect as to who is behind campaigns is not going to exist soon,” said Ravel at the Berkeley law school. “Some people are even predicting that by 2020 most of the advertising is going to move from television to the internet, and and I think this is a serious issue that requires a lot of discussion. ” Ravel claimed that the use of Facebook and other social media platforms by political campaigns is a problem. “I’ve talked to a lot of campaign consultants and they buy some groups in Holland or in Russia who figure out who the target audience might be and then they go through circuitous mechanisms to put ads or fake news or whatever it is on Facebook. ” “Facebook doesn’t have any real knowledge about who it is that’s behind those ads, so I think this is a really serious issue that we need to address,” claimed Ravel. Ravel’s speech can be seen in the video below: Video from the keynote at #boaltelectionlaw featuring @AnnMRavel @_justinlevitt_ and Prof. Bertrall Ross https:  .   —   Meghan Fenzel (@meghanfenzel) April 11, 2017,  Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com",0
5156,Trump Returns to Campaign Trail After a Month in Office - The New York Times,"MELBOURNE, Fla.  —   Never let it be said that President Trump waits until the last minute. With just 1, 354 days until the next presidential election, Mr. Trump kicked off his   campaign here on Saturday with a boisterous,        rally that lacked only an opponent for him to run against. Gathering thousands of cheering supporters inside an airport hangar, Mr. Trump put aside the stress of Washington governing and returned to the campaign trail, where he reprised many of his   themes and lines from last year and drank in the adulation of the crowd. Buoyant and energized, he invited one fan onto the stage for a hug and even briefly turned over the microphone. “You’re all part of this incredible movement, this movement that we talk about so much, that’s been written about on the cover of every magazine all over the world,” Mr. Trump said in this Space Coast town 115 miles north of his    getaway. “It’s a moment that’s just sweeping, it’s sweeping across our country. It’s sweeping, frankly, across the globe. ” “People want to take back control of their countries,” he added, “and they want to take back control of their lives. ” With no Democratic challengers on the horizon  —   or anywhere near it  —   only a month after he took office, Mr. Trump focused instead on another favorite target, the news media, blaming journalists for any perception that his opening days in office have been less than smooth. “They have their own agenda, and their agenda is not your agenda,” he told the appreciative audience. “They could not defeat us in the primaries, and they could not defeat us in the general election, and we will continue to expose them for what they are, and most important, we will continue to win, win, win. ” He also assailed the appeals court judges who blocked his temporary travel ban, reading from a law granting the president wide discretion in setting immigration rules and chastising the court for not addressing it. He slammed Democrats for opposing his cabinet nominations vowed again to “drain the swamp” of Washington and promoted his   plans for overhauling the tax code, repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, and building roads and bridges. “This will be change for the ages, change like never before, to pursue real peace, real stability and real prosperity,” he said. “We want to secure our borders and protect our workers, to rebuild our military and our infrastructure, to fix our schools and restore safety to our neighborhoods. ” He boasted about the soaring stock market and said a new spirit was evident in the country. “It’s going to be a new day in America,” he said. “You’re going to be proud again. Jobs are already starting to pour back in. ” For anyone who has missed the buzz of the campaign trail, including, almost certainly, the victorious candidate, it was a blast from the    past. Vendors sold the signature “Make America Great Again” red baseball caps. Supporters cheerfully chanted “CNN sucks” and “drain the swamp. ” Familiar rally songs by Elton John, the Rolling Stones and other artists were blasted over the loudspeakers. Mr. Trump talked about winning and assured the crowd that they could “believe me. ” This time, though, he came with an extra prop  —   Air Force One. The power and prestige of the presidency is unmatched, and when the    plane rolled up next to the hangar to the theme song from the Harrison Ford movie “Air Force One,” the crowd, estimated by the local police to have numbered about 9, 000, exploded. The president and Melania Trump  —   who later introduced her husband with the Lord’s Prayer  —   emerged from the plane to Lee Greenwood’s “God Bless the U. S. A. ” Never mind that an administration official had told The Washington Post two days earlier that Air Force One would not be “used in the background as a prop. ” Mr. Trump was hardly the first president to do so. The difference is that most presidents are eager to appear to remain above politics for as long as possible. Mr. Trump, by contrast, filed his   papers on Inauguration Day. Asked by reporters on Air Force One as he flew here whether it was a little early to get back into campaign mode, he said: “Life is a campaign. Making our country great again is a campaign. For me, it’s a campaign to make America great again is absolutely a campaign. ” The fan Mr. Trump called onstage was Gene Huber, 47, of Boynton Beach, Fla. He was sitting directly in front of Mr. Trump, who said he had seen Mr. Huber speaking in support of him on television. At Mr. Trump’s invitation, Mr. Huber spoke at the lectern for about 40 seconds. In an interview on Saturday night, Mr. Huber, who grew up in Lake Ronkonkoma, on Long Island, said when Mr. Trump called him to the stage, “I was like, ‘Holy mackerel, this is happening. ’” Mr. Huber, a Republican who arrived for the rally at 4 a. m. said of Mr. Trump, “Everything he says, I know he’s going to do. ” It was clearly an energizing moment for a president who has shaken up Washington with a flurry of action on his campaign promises while absorbing significant setbacks. For all the enthusiasm in the hangar, Mr. Trump is struggling to win over the wider public. As of Friday, the Gallup poll put his approval rating at 38 percent, the lowest of any modern president so early in his tenure. Near the hangar, protesters yelled slogans and waved signs. At the end of his speech, Mr. Trump was clearly reading from prepared text as he talked about unity. “Let us move past the differences of party and find a new loyalty rooted deeply in our country,” he said. But he was at his most animated when in competitive mode. “We’re going to start winning again,” he said. “Believe me. ”",0
5157,U.S. Strikes on Syria Put Xi in Tough Position for Trump Meeting - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   The missiles were being prepared even before the two men finished dinner, disrupting the carefully choreographed proceedings. The American attack on Syria on Thursday unraveled China’s well laid plans for a summit meeting that would present President Xi Jinping as a global leader on par with President Trump, at once stealing the spotlight from Mr. Xi and putting him in a difficult position: choosing between condoning the kind of unilateral military action that China has long opposed, or rebuking his host. Mr. Xi’s dilemma was also acute because China has generally sided with Russia in defending Syria’s president, Bashar   and because it worries that Mr. Trump might be prepared to order a similar strike on North Korea, Chinese and Western analysts said. “Xi can’t fail to be impressed by Trump’s resolve,” said Alan Dupont, an Australian military analyst who worked for that country’s Defense Department. “Xi will have to reassess what the Trump presidency means for Chinese interests in East Asia, particularly North Korea and the South China Sea. ” The American strikes on Syria would quite likely make Mr. Xi be more amenable about the White House’s demand that China squeeze North Korea’s economy, analysts said. “I suspect Xi will treat Trump’s threat against North Korea as more serious than before this, provided the     language does not counteract it,” said Douglas H. Paal, vice president for studies at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. Beijing has long been fairly confident that the United States would not risk an attack on North Korea, a much more dangerous target than Syria because of its nuclear arsenal and its capacity to hit Japan and South Korea, two American allies, Chinese analysts said. But China’s leaders are still trying to figure out Mr. Trump, and his quick decision to strike Syria may cause them to reconsider that assumption. At the same time, analysts said, China is unlikely to abandon North Korea as an ally and a strategic asset because it does not want to see a unified Korean Peninsula dominated by American troops. The first evening between Mr. Xi and Mr. Trump looked warm and welcoming on Chinese   television, with lavish photographs of them chatting informally on an elegant sofa at    Mr. Trump’s Florida club. The news shows also broadcast images of the two leaders sitting side by side at a vast dining table set with candelabra, and of Mr. Trump’s    granddaughter, Arabella, singing in Chinese to Mr. Xi and his wife, Peng Liyuan, before dinner. The Chinese reports approvingly noted that the granddaughter did a   performance, singing a Chinese song, “Jasmine,” and reciting the “Three Character Classic” and some Tang poetry. Mr. Trump accepted Mr. Xi’s invitation to visit China at an “early date,” the   news agency Xinhua reported, a gesture that showed the two men had established the rapport that the Chinese leader was seeking to show his people at home. Then after dinner, with Mr. Xi safely back at his nearby hotel, Mr. Trump stepped to a podium to announce the strikes, making comments punctuated with emotional descriptions of the children killed by the Syrian government’s chemical weapons attack. Mr. Trump informed Mr. Xi of the attack during dinner, Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson said in remarks to the news media on Friday afternoon. At the Foreign Ministry in Beijing on Friday, the spokeswoman, Hua Chunying, noted China’s opposition to the use of chemical weapons and added that it was necessary to seek a political solution in Syria. “It is imperative to prevent the further deterioration of the situation,” she said. China has maintained a longstanding policy opposing unilateral military action. But Mr. Trump’s decision to order the strikes at the very moment Mr. Xi was visiting inevitably put the focus on North Korea. In an interview last weekend before the talks with Mr. Xi, Mr. Trump told The Financial Times that he was prepared to take unilateral action against North Korea if China did not cooperate with the American goal of curbing the North’s nuclear weapons program. Mr. Trump did not specify what kind of action he was considering. During his trip to East Asia last month, Mr. Tillerson said the United States might be forced to take   military action if the North Koreans “elevate the threat of their weapons program” to an unacceptable level. Despite Mr. Trump’s action against Syria in the middle of Mr. Xi’s visit, there was not an exact parallel between Syria and North Korea, said Jin Qiangyi, director of the Center for North and South Korea Studies at Yanbian University in Jilin Province, which borders North Korea. Syria does not possess the capacity to hit back after the missile strikes, but North Korea, with its arsenal of weaponry and its nuclear program, does, Mr. Jin said. “The North’s nuclear capacity has reached such a level that any unilateral action from the U. S. would be extremely difficult,” he said. “The Americans have been saying a lot recently about attacking North Korea, but it is us who will be suffering from the consequences. ” The northeast area of China where Mr. Jin teaches has become increasingly fearful of radiation leaks from North Korea’s nuclear operations. An attack by the United States would be “catastrophic for the region,” he said. Another consequence for China of the Syrian attack could be an increase in the disaffection for North Korea among the population, and among those in the government and think tanks that consider the North a strategic liability. Beijing believes that the leader of North Korea, Kim   is insurance against a unified Korean Peninsula dominated by the American military. But a quiet debate has grown inside the Chinese government over the wisdom of hanging onto North Korea, an increasingly troublesome ally that functions because of China’s largess. China supplies North Korea with almost all of the oil needed to keep its   economy afloat, and 90 percent of North Korean trade passes through China. Some Chinese companies trade with North Korea in contravention of United Nations sanctions. The White House is trying to persuade China that its support for the North is counterproductive, an argument that Mr. Trump was prepared to make to Mr. Xi during their talks, a senior administration official told reporters before the meeting. The Syrian strike could serve to make that point, but it would not be definitive in changing China’s strategic thinking, said Andrei Lankov, a historian of North Korea who visits China. “Yes, North Korea is a liability for China,” he said. “But in the real world, the status quo is the least unpleasant option. ” If the talks with Mr. Trump on Friday go badly, Mr. Xi will be able to use the Syrian airstrikes against the American president by telling the Chinese people that they were the action of a weak leader, some Chinese analysts said. “Trump is frustrated with his own critics,” said Shi Yinhong, professor of international relations at Renmin University. “This airstrike was a defensive measure to deal with criticism against him. The message from Xi to the Chinese public could be: ‘This is Trump, you know he is not so good for China. ’”",0
5158,"’Psychological Problems’: Police Open Fire on Knife Attacker in Southern France, At Least One Other Injured","French Police in Montauban, a town near Toulouse in southern France were forced to open fire on a suspect Sunday afternoon as he ran through the town with a knife, stabbing bystanders. [Reports in French media indicate the now    arrested man, who was hit by two of four rounds fired by officers, “caused panic in the streets” by driving his Volkswagen Golf car at high speeds around the   and then through the streets before disembarking and attacking people with a knife, reports magazine l’Express.  One bystander was injured in the shoulder with the knife during the rampage, reports local newspaper La Depeche, whose reporter on the ground Pacôme Bécot has been   events, revealing that police have opened an investigation for attempted murder. The injured party is not in serious condition but has been admitted to Montauban hospital after the attack which took place around 14:30 Sunday. Une fusillade à #montauban pic. twitter.   —   Tonight Montauban (@TMontauban) February 19, 2017,  Another couple were assaulted by the man before he was stopped by police according to reports and were knocked to the ground, but avoided injury. Although the motives for the attack are unknown, authorities have been quick to point out that they have dismissed the possibility of terrorism as a cause, reports conservative French paper Le Figaro. The suspect, who is a native of the French former colony, now overseas department of Réunion Island in the Indian Ocean has been reported to have “Psychological Problems” is “unbalanced” and has been admitted to hospital in the past. Despite the denial of a terrorist link and claim of mental illness as a possible cause, the use of a   vehicle followed up by a knife attack is at least superficially similar to terror attacks elsewhere in Europe. One such was a terror rampage through Graz, Austria, which left four dead including a    boy. The killer, a Bosnian Muslim who was initially reported by media to be a mentally ill Christian facing family troubles drove his car at speeds of 90 miles per hour through Graz’s shopping district before getting out of his car and setting upon bystanders with a “large knife”. This story is developing. ",0
5159,Are We Seeing The End Of Progressive Liberalism?,"Bill White November 23, 2016 Are We Seeing The End Of Progressive Liberalism? 
The 2016 presidential elections were more than an upset; they were a defining moment in American history. 
For the first time in living memory, the American people rose up in a united effort to throw off their political “masters” and show the politicians and media who really owns this country… We the People. 
There are many reasons why Donald Trump won the presidential election , and you can find articles galore proposing one theory or another. Of course, those articles are coming from people who are on the political right. 
For Democrats, the mainstream media and other liberals, the verdict is in; Trump won because of racism and sexism. In their world view, it would be impossible for anyone to beat out their anointed candidate, were it not for those “isms” and any other “ism” they can find. 
But the fact of the matter is that the average conservative or moderate rarely thinks about race, unless it is merely as a means of describing one’s appearance. 
We might identify someone as “Black” or “Hispanic,” but in our minds, that’s no different than saying that they are “blond” or “brunette.” It’s merely a way of identifying the person, not as part of an ethnic minority or part of a group to hate, but merely as a person who looks a certain way. 
Yet to people who are focused on race (the true racists), the color of one’s skin is everything. The ability to lump people in a group, because of their skin color, provides liberals with a way of dividing the country. Thus divided, it is easier for them to influence and control certain parts of it. 
The liberal cries of “racism,”“sexism” and “islamophobia” have become so common as to have dropped to the level of becoming a joke. Few, other than those who are already in the progressive liberal camp, even listen when those accusations come out. Rather, they see it as the left’s standard trump card, when they see that they are losing the argument. 
Somehow or other, a cry of “racism” beats out any argument in their minds, no matter what the facts or logic say about the issue at hand. 
Sadly, there are still way too many people who are willing to take that emotional argument and run with it; accepting that as their opinion on any person or issue, without thinking it through for themselves. 
Yet those political masters have just been slapped in the face by a thing called reality. While they regularly call themselves the majority and refer to conservatives as “fringe,” the recent elections prove otherwise. 
In fact, according to a poll by Pew Research, there are more conservatives in the country than there are liberals. Perhaps that’s why Trump managed to beat Clinton, even though the media spent 18 months touting her as the next president. 
While there are many reasons why Trump beat Clinton, including the way the two candidates ran their campaigns and Hillary’s many scandals, the crux of the matter boils down to mainstream Americans being tired of the last eight years of Obama’s liberal agenda. 
Liberals like to claim that they represent the ideals of the majority of American citizens. Between outspoken Democrat politicians, the left-leaning mainstream media and the fact that liberals are much more likely to demonstrate when they don’t like something, their argument is almost convincing. 
But this election proved them wrong. Not only did they lose the presidential election, but both houses of Congress are in Republican hands as well. 
What did all that? Basically, it boils down to progressive liberals pushing their agenda too hard and too fast. They have literally tried to change the social fabric of American society by force, rather than by more organic means. They overplayed their hand and this forced the silent majority to stand up and say “Enough!” and I’ll have to say, they said it quite well. 
The liberals have lost control of two branches of our government, and over the next few years, we’ll see them losing control over the third branch as well. 
As Trump has already presented the list of conservative judges he plans on picking from to fill Supreme Court vacancies, we can rest assured that liberals will not gain control of the Supreme Court anytime soon. 
This was probably the biggest issue at stake in this election. Had Hillary Clinton won the presidency, she would have been able to select the replacement for Justice Scalia, as well as two to four more Supreme Court Justices. That would give firm control of the Supreme Court to the liberals for the next 20 years or more. 
Does a Democrat Loss Mean That the Liberals Have Lost Their Steam? 
Does it mean the end of progressive liberalism as we know it? Are we finally going to see our country go back in a rational direction, returning to our roots? Sadly, no, in my opinion. 
Oh, the liberals have definitely been dealt a serious blow and their agenda has been slowed down. 
If Donald Trump is able to come through and fulfill his campaign promises, we might even see some serious reversals of liberal policies in the course of the next few years. But this doesn’t mean an end to liberalism, merely a delay for them. 
Liberalism is alive and well, although at the moment they’re confused and crying. They will eventually get over their collective hissy fit and take a good look at the way things stand. 
If they can actually look beyond their own preconceived notions and see things as they are, they might even learn a few things about how the world works and come out stronger. They will be back and they will try to make us rue the day we voted Donald Trump into office. 
Democrats face two serious problems right now. The first is that they have lost their leadership. Part of the reason why Hillary Clinton became the Democrat Party’s candidate for president, is that they didn’t have anyone else who was a strong enough figure on a national level that they could put forth. 
Bernie Sanders was probably defeated more because he was an outsider, than any other reason. The Democrats never trusted him, because he wasn’t one of them. He changed parties shortly before the primaries, just so that he could run as a Democrat, and once he lost the primaries, he left the Democrat Party and went back to being an independent. 
The Democrat Party’s cupboard is pretty bare in the leadership department. It’s serious enough that they’re going to have a challenge finding a candidate to float for the next presidential election. As soon as they get over their crying spell, they’re going to have to start working on that. 
The second problem that the Democrats have right now is a need to reevaluate their tactics and strategies. Even with pushing illegal immigration, allowing illegal aliens to vote, and massive amounts of voter fraud in at least 16 states, they lost the election. 
Worse than that, at least for the Democrats, is that the voter fraud they’ve propagated during this election cycle has been so obvious, that people across the political spectrum are noticing. 
A national cry for cleaning up our voting process is rising up. While the means for doing that are still under hot debate, people are crying out for a honest, transparent process. The Democrat Party has already promised to fight President-elect Trump at every turn. They’ve actually threatened him, trying to tell him that he had better toe their line. 
That just shows how little they understand the man himself. Those threats, like all the other threats that have been made against him, will merely be exposed to the voting public and then ignored for the hot air that they are. 
The only chance that liberals have is to regain control of the White House or Congress. But that’s not going to be easy. The legacy of Obama’s overriding liberal agenda, manifested through his executive orders and massive regulations, is not going to be forgotten quickly. 
In fact, I’d have to say that the greatest hope that the Democrat Party has right now, is that Republican lawmakers will invariably disregard the voting public. It might take several years for that to happen; but it will. 
Then, when it does, there will be another chance for the Democrats to preach their message of “hope and change,” this time, against an entrenched Republican Party. While that battle will be a hard one to win, I can almost guarantee you that it will be won. 
So the key now is for Congress and the President Elect to accomplish as much as they can, as quick as they can, to turn our country back towards its roots. That will probably all be undone eventually, but in the meantime, it will slow down the inevitable crawl to becoming a more and more liberal (read socialist) society. 
  Bill White for Survivopedia. 
References:",0
5160,A Suit Over Schiele Drawings Invokes New Law on Nazi-Looted Art - The New York Times,"When the Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act was adopted unanimously by Congress in December, it was widely praised as a necessary tool to help the heirs of Holocaust victims recover art stolen from their families during World War II. Now the efficacy of the HEAR Act, as it is known, may get an early test in New York State Court, where the heirs of Fritz Grunbaum, an Austrian Jewish entertainer, are citing it in efforts to claim two valuable colorful drawings by Egon Schiele. Grunbaum’s extraordinary   art collection has been generating controversy almost since the Nazis confiscated it from his Vienna apartment in 1938 and shipped him to his death in the Dachau concentration camp. For years, his heirs have argued that the collection, which included 81 Schieles, was stolen by the Nazis. Collectors, dealers and some museums, however, have countered that the art was inventoried by the Nazis but not stolen, and that Grunbaum’s    sold 53 of the Schieles in a legitimate transaction, to a Swiss art dealer, in 1956. They say that previous courts have found that the Schieles were not stolen and that no further claims should be considered on those works. But the Grunbaum heirs contend that the previous claims, in this case and others, were settled on legal technicalities, not the merits of the argument that the art was looted by the Nazis, and that this is just the sort of case the law was enacted to address. Arguing for the legislation last year, one sponsor, Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, said that it would ensure that “claims to   art are not unfairly barred by statutes of limitations and other similar   nonmerits defenses. ” The law created a federal statute of limitations for such claims: six years from the time of “actual discovery” of the art’s whereabouts. It is in line with the spirit of two international proclamations stating that technicalities should not be employed to prevent stolen property from being returned to rightful owners. The legislation has also been cited by lawyers for the estate of Alice Leffman, in a federal suit against the Metropolitan Museum of Art, seeking restitution of a valuable Picasso painting, “The Actor. ” In court filings, the museum has asked that the case be dismissed, and has stated that it does not believe that the Picasso was stolen. The two Schieles now being pursued, “Woman in a Black Pinafore” (1911) and “Woman Hiding Her Face” (1912) were part of the 1956 sale to the Swiss dealer. But Raymond Dowd, a lawyer for the Grunbaum heirs  —   Timothy Reif, David Fraenkel and Milos Vavra  —   argues that the circumstances of that transaction have never been fully explored and that his clients did not discover the lost works until they were noticed for sale at an art fair in 2015. Mr. Dowd and one of the heirs, Mr. Vavra, previously pursued the restitution of another Schiele drawing from the Grunbaum collection, “Seated Woman With Bent Left Leg (Torso). ”  In that litigation, filed in 2005, the court ruled in favor of a Boston businessman, David Bakalar, who had bought the work in 1963. It said too much time had passed since the Grunbaum heirs had made their claim, causing evidence to be lost. Mr. Dowd appealed the ruling, but lost. In 2015 Mr. Bakalar, who paid $4, 300 for the work, sold it at auction for $1. 3 million. Mr. Dowd filed his new suit in November of that year, after learning that Richard Nagy, a London art dealer and Schiele specialist, was trying to sell “Woman in a Black Pinafore” and “Woman Hiding Her Face” at an art fair at the Park Avenue Armory. The two drawings are valued together at roughly $5 million, according to Mr. Dowd. Mr. Nagy has fought the claim, arguing in court papers that he acquired both artworks “in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner” after the United States Supreme Court declined to hear Mr. Dowd’s appeal of the “Bakalar” case. His lawyers argue that previous court rulings about the Schieles from the Grunbaum collection were based on a finding that they had been properly conveyed in 1956. Still, last year Judge Charles Ramos of the New York State Supreme Court ordered that the two drawings be held by Mr. Nagy’s shipping agent, pending the resolution of the legal action. Mr. Nagy and his lawyer, Thaddeus Stauber, have appealed. In an interview, Mr. Stauber said the case against Mr. Nagy should be dismissed. “It is what we call ‘Bakalar 2,’” he said. “It’s the same case being brought by these heirs and their counsel over the exact same art collection, so the case shouldn’t go forward. ” He said Mr. Dowd was wrong to invoke the act because the law says it does not apply to cases where there has already been a final judgment the Bakalar case, he said, had determined that the Grunbaum Schieles weren’t stolen. Mr. Stauber added: “It’s kind of offensive to everybody who’s been involved in this field, claimants and otherwise, to keep touting something which the courts have decided. You had your trial. Evidence was presented. It’s over. ” But Agnes Peresztegi, the president and legal counsel of the Commission on Art Recovery  —   an organization founded by the billionaire art collector Ronald S. Lauder to encourage the restitution of artworks stolen during World War II  —   said in an interview that she agreed with Mr. Dowd. The “Bakalar” case was not decided on the merits, she said, but on the technical issue that too much time had passed to pursue a claim. She said she welcomes the use of the new law in deciding whether many of the Grunbaum collection’s Schieles, including the two owned by Mr. Nagy, were stolen. “My view,” she said, “is that all claimants that have a nonfrivolous case will have a day in court, and cases without facts to support them will be dismissed. ” Mr. Dowd remains optimistic for his clients. “We believe that the expert report and scholarship of Dr. Jonathan Petropoulos, the world’s leading expert in this field, will persuade the court that the evidence shows that Fritz Grunbaum was a victim of Nazi art looting,” he wrote in an email.",0
5161,‘Weekend Warriors’ Show Survival Benefits - The New York Times,"Working out only on the weekends or otherwise compressing your total physical activity into one or two prolonged runs or a single vigorous basketball or soccer game each week could lessen your risks of dying prematurely almost as effectively as more frequent, shorter workouts spread throughout the week, according to an interesting new study of the   weekend warrior phenomenon. As most of us have heard by now, the standard recommendation about how much exercise we should complete each week for health purposes is 150 minutes of moderate or 75 minutes of vigorous physical activity. Moderate exercise consists of activities like brisk walking or easy cycling that raise heart rates while still allowing us to talk to training partners, and vigorous activities are those like running,   cycling, and many team sports, including basketball and soccer, that raise heart rates into a zone where speaking is difficult. Meeting these guidelines is associated with a substantially reduced risk of developing a wide range of diseases and dying too young. The guidelines also suggest that, for practical purposes, people consider breaking the 150 minutes into five moderate   sessions each week or a comparable number of shorter, more vigorous workouts. But many people apparently do not have the time or inclination to exercise five times per week. About a third of American adults engage in zero weekly exercise and others pack their workouts into one or two sessions on Saturday or Sunday, when they have more free time. There has been little information, though, about whether the weekend warrior pattern of exercise lowers the risk for premature death as effectively as more frequent and generally shorter workouts. So for the new study, which was published on Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine, researchers at Loughborough University in England and other institutions decided to delve into the exercise routines of tens of thousands of men and women already participating in the Health Survey for England and the Scottish Health Survey. The researchers zeroed in on data from 63, 591   men and women who had provided detailed descriptions of their workout patterns when they first entered the study at least 15 years before, telling the survey questioners how many minutes they had exercised each week during the past month, what kinds of exercise they had undertaken, and how many times per week they had worked out. The researchers used that data to categorize the men and women into a variety of groups. Those who never exercised were defined, unsurprisingly, as inactive, while those who worked out but did not meet the standard guidelines were considered insufficiently active. Those who did exercise for the full 150 gentle or 75 vigorous weekly minutes were labeled sufficiently active. This last group was then subdivided into those who spread their physical activity over at least three sessions and those who jammed it into one or two workouts, presumably on weekends (although the actual days were not specified). Interestingly, these weekend warriors were mostly male, almost half exercised only once per week, and an overwhelming majority, almost 90 percent, reported that their exercise occurred during vigorous sports like competitive running and cycling or team sports like soccer. Finally, the researchers crosschecked their participants against death registries, to determine mortality in the intervening years since each person had joined the original survey. It turned out that exercise, in any amount, had substantially lessened the risk that someone would die from any cause, including heart disease and cancer. Men and women who exercised, even if they did not meet the guideline recommendations, were about 29 percent less likely to die prematurely than people who never worked out. Those who met the recommendations gained a slight edge in longevity, being about 30 percent less likely to have died than people who never exercised. This advantage remained about the same whether people worked out three or more times during the week or jammed all of their activity into a session or two. “Reductions in risk were similar in the weekend warriors and the regularly active,” says Gary O’Donovan, a research associate at Loughborough University who led the study. Of course, this study was observational so it can’t tell us whether exercise actually caused people to live longer but only that the two are associated. It also raises questions it cannot answer, including whether weekend warriors might be missing out on other potential health gains from exercise. Frequent exercise is generally thought to be better than fewer workouts at, for instance, preventing and controlling Type 2 diabetes, says Hannah Arem, an epidemiologist at George Washington University who wrote a commentary to accompany the new study. Weekend warriors also could be losing aerobic fitness between workouts, since endurance capacity typically declines after a   or   layoff. So weekend warriors might be rebuilding and maintaining but not augmenting their baseline fitness from one week to the next. And they are likely to face a higher risk of   injuries than people who exercise more often. But even with those caveats, the good news from this study, Dr. O’Donovan says, is that whatever type of activity you can fit into your schedule appears to be better for your longevity than no activity at all.",0
5162,Watch: Spicer Asked How It Feels ’To Work for a Fascist?’ In Apple Store - Breitbart,"Asking @PressSec questions in Apple Store since he doesn’t like the press.  https:  .  While shopping at an Apple Store, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was asked whether he had committed treason and how he felt about working for a fascist.  In the video, which was posted on Saturday by Twitter account @shreec, Spicer is asked how it feels “to work for a fascist?” He is further asked, “Have you helped with the Russia stuff? Are you a criminal as well? Have you committed treason too, just like the president?   …     What can you tell me about Russia?” Spicer responded by saying “Thank you” and “such a great country that allows you to be here. ” Spicer then goes about his business in the store, ignoring questions about how he feels about working for a fascist, destroying the country, and lying to the public. (  The Hill) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
5163,Spike Lee Unveils Anti-Trump Nike Sneakers,"Filmmaker Spike Lee posted a photo to Instagram of himself holding up a pair of custom Black History Month Air Jordan 1s, in an apparent show of protest against President Donald Trump. [One shoe featured the   slogan “RESIST” while the other shoe read “REPEL AGENT ORANGE,” a moniker popularized by rapper Busta Rhymes, who referred to Trump as “President Agent Orange” during a performance at the 59th annual Grammy Awards this month.  “RESIST  —   REPEL AGENT ORANGE. DATS DA PUTIN TRUTH, RUTH.  ?  . BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY,” Lee wrote in the caption below the photo. “Shout Out To My Man Busta Rhymes. Special Shout Out To Tip, Ali And The Rest Of The Tribe. Artwork By Danielle Mastrion. ”  RESIST  —   REPEL AGENT ORANGE. DATS DA PUTIN TRUTH, RUTH.  ?  . BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY. Shout Out To My Man Busta Rhymes. Special Shout Out To Tip, Ali And The Rest Of The Tribe. Artwork By Danielle Mastrion. A post shared by Spike Lee (@officialspikelee) on Feb 16, 2017 at 9:00am PST,  Last February, the   director called Trump’s presidential candidacy “madness” and said his election “could be the end of us all. ” In January, Lee blacklisted RB and soul   Chrisette Michele’s music after the   agreed to sing at Trump inauguration. “I Wuz Thinkin’ ’bout Using Chrisette’s   BLACK GIRL MAGIC In My Netflix Series SHE’S GOTTA HAVE IT  …    . NOT ANYMORE,” Lee wrote on Instagram. Lee is now soliciting musical submissions from independent artists for his upcoming She’s Gotta Have It TV show  —   the same series for which he barred Michele’s music.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
5164,Trump Accused of ‘Environmental Racism’ in Withdrawal from Paris Agreement,"In a   leap of reason, a several journals and news outlets have accused Donald Trump of “environmental racism” by pulling the United States out of the Paris climate accord. [As Breitbart News reported earlier, President Trump has already been blamed for a “war on the environment” tantamount to genocide. Now, his critics have upped the ante, projecting a nefarious racial tone onto the President’s decision.  Essence magazine said that Donald Trump had continued “his war on people of color in America” when he announced the United States would withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord. Blavity, a website that caters to people of color, said that Trump’s decision “will worsen environmental racism,” insisting that climate change is “inherently a black issue and not just a ‘human issue. ’” The Atlantic went so far as to suggest that environmental racism is “the new Jim Crow,” referring to laws that segregated blacks and whites in their use of public schools, public places, transportation, restrooms and restaurants. Since it may not be evident to readers how a refusal to bind America to a certain level of carbon dioxide emissions constitutes racism, these same outlets have helpfully connected the dots, explaining how neglect of environmental concerns is an attack on blacks. “If Climate Change persist (sic) and the world’s average temperature rises more than two degrees Celsius,” Blavity writer Dominic A. Williams contends, “it would mean widespread extinctions, changing weather patterns, droughts, strong storms, rising sea levels and consequently the disappearance of coastal cities, and a plethora of not yet realized consequences. ” These   disasters, Williams insists, will disproportionately affect people of color. Environmental Racism, he writes, “can be described as a lack of access to healthy environments and disproportionate exposure to pollutants. This means that predominantly black neighborhoods are more likely to suffer from polluted air and water than white neighborhoods. ” As Breitbart News noted earlier this week, the Paris climate accord has nothing whatsoever to do with “polluted air and water” and only seeks to regulate the emissions of carbon dioxide, a colorless, odorless,   gas that is a part of a healthy environment. Be that as it may, Williams eventually gets to the real bone of contention. “In addition to causing health crisis,” he argues, “Climate Change will cause meteorological disasters that will decimate vulnerable black neighborhoods. The warming of Earth will cause   such as Hurricane Katrina, to occur quite regularly. ” “While climate change will affect everyone on this planet, marginalized groups will always be the ones who suffer the most,” he adds. “Environmental issues, for that reason, are inherently black issues. ” In the minds of Dominic A. Williams and other key critics of “environmental racism,” a person doesn’t need to have race in mind to be a racist. If one’s actions intentionally or unintentionally affect black people, they constitute racism. The odd thing is, these same authors are silent about a national disaster that does affect blacks far more than whites, actually causing a disproportionate number of black deaths and the decimation of the black population. This is the legally sanctioned practice of abortion. The rate of abortion among blacks is far higher than among whites, with 365 black babies aborted for every 1, 000 that are born. While blacks account for roughly 38% of all abortions in the country, they represent only 13 percent of the population, statistics that have led black Christian leaders to speak of a “black genocide” occurring at the hands of abortionists. In New York City, for instance, in recent years there were more abortions among black women in the city than there were black babies born. Both nationally and in New York City, the abortion rates among black women are significantly higher than among any other demographic group. Now that is something for people of color to get angry about. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
5165,"When the Sun Sets Early, It’s a Race to Prepare for Shabbat - The New York Times","It’s 4 p. m. on a cold December Friday. I type an email for work with one hand, stir a pot of zucchini lentil soup with the other and usher my two daughters out of the kitchen and into the playroom with my third, invisible hand. My eyes are always on the clock, ticking down to my weekly deadline: sunset. Before the sun disappears below the horizon, I will stop whatever I am doing to light two white candles and recite a simple blessing in Hebrew to mark the beginning of the Jewish Sabbath. My family lives according to traditional Jewish law, which includes observing the Sabbath, a weekly day of rest. Our Sabbath starts as the sun begins to set on Friday and continues until after nightfall Saturday. Right now, at the winter solstice, sunset in New York comes around 4:30 and there are only nine hours and 15 minutes of daylight  —   nearly six hours fewer than at the summer solstice in June. The early darkness is a mere inconvenience to many people, but to observant Jewish families the shorter days significantly change the rhythm of life. According to the Old Testament, God made the world in six days, and stopped on the seventh to rest and admire his work, so we, too, stop our normal routine to enjoy the home we are working so hard to create. This day of rest doesn’t mean simply refraining from “work,” it includes prohibitions against writing, cooking and electricity. We prepare food in advance, put away our phones, pack up the crayons, turn off our screens and leave our cars parked in the garage. Basically, we set aside one day every week as a day to turn off the outside world’s noise. And that means we have only six days to fit in a week’s worth of all of the normal errands and chores required of a modern home. Soon after I light the candles, we set the table with our fancy dishes, put out the wine glasses and walk our dog. (These are chores still allowed on Shabbat.) Then, finally, we gather around the dining room table. My husband, Leron, and I look at each other and we take a collective breath and exhale. Out with that breath goes the stress of a long week of work and the commotion of a busy family: the unrelenting weekly routine, the scheduling and preparing and endless  . We have made it to another Friday night. For the next day the world around us will slow. We will stay in pajamas until after breakfast, linger over meals with neighbors, take naps, read books on our cozy couch, play games as a family or maybe take a walk outside if it’s not too cold. But everything else will have to wait if it wasn’t already done, it won’t be done today. In the summer, when sunset occurs after my children’s normal dinnertime, Fridays can feel like most other days of the week. Leron and I work full days, and we still have a generous window between work and sunset to set up our home for the Sabbath. This means setting timers on our lights, grabbing the stroller from our car, turning off the lights in our fridge, plugging in a warming tray to heat the food I’ve cooked in advance and anything else we need to do before sunset. If we forget to get the stroller out of the car, for example, we’ll just do without it  —   we won’t open the car door during Shabbat because the lights inside the car would go on. But sometime in November, right after the end of daylight saving time, as we turn the clocks back an hour, the shorter days become a challenge. Fridays inevitably become a complex operations problem, figuring out how to cram in a full day of work, errands, Sabbath preparation and child care in half as much time. On those days, I sometimes wonder whether keeping the Sabbath is making my life better or just harder. It means one less day to do laundry, to run to the supermarket, to browse the internet. As my children get older, that will be one less day to do homework, drive to the craft store for project supplies or take part in extracurricular activities. Shabbat certainly complicates life in a secular world. But it also simplifies life  —   for one day a week, anyway. Saturday is the only day when you can find my family of four lying on the carpet in the playroom, building cities of Legos together. We read books as a family and finally have some time to talk about the week that just passed. While many parents worry about screen time and the impact electronic toys are having on their children’s development, I have a   reprieve from such concerns. When my    asks to watch her favorite television show on Saturday afternoon, my response, “Sorry, we don’t watch TV on Shabbat,” is enough to quiet her. Saturday afternoon is the time I am most likely to pause to appreciate my family. I notice how mature my    is becoming. She is so generous to the friends who come over for playdates, and she is always excited to take them on tours of her room. Our    too, is growing. I can see how hard she works to speak like her sister her brain now holds more words then her mouth can handle. In the winter, the Sabbath starts early enough for us to eat dinner together as a family, and still put the children to bed by 8 p. m. Then, Leron and I get to spend a few precious moments together in the quiet of our house. We discuss replacing the worn couch in the living room, and then muster the energy to play a board game or read a book next to each other (trying our hardest not to fall asleep). Observing the Sabbath requires a certain amount of discipline to take a break from our digital media and entertainment, but it also forces us to be disciplined about taking time for ourselves and our family. So, here I sit, with a dog who’s begging to be petted, to admire God’s work and mine. Although my home may not be as grand as the entirety of the universe, a moment listening to the click of Legos or the turning of a story book page is about as close to heaven as I can get.",0
5166,"In Saudi Call, Trump Pledges to ’Rigorously’ Enforce Iran Deal","U. S. President Donald Trump on Sunday pledged to the Saudi King Salman that he would enforce the Iranian nuclear deal “rigorously,” changing his tone from the presidential campaign in which he said he would dismantle the deal or walk away from it. [In their conversation on Sunday, Trump and King Salman also agreed on the establishment of safe zones to protect Syrian refugees in Syria and Yemen, according to a statement from the White House.  Trump called on Gulf states to establish and fund such safe zones during the presidential campaign. “The president requested, and the King agreed, to support safe zones in Syria and Yemen, as well as supporting other ideas to help the many refugees who are displaced by the ongoing conflicts,” the statement said. According to Reuters, the two leaders agreed on the importance of strengthening joint efforts to fight the spread of Islamic State terrorists. The news agency quoted a senior Saudi source as saying the two leaders spoke for more than an hour. Apart from ratcheting up   and military cooperation, the two also discussed ways to enhance economic cooperation. The statement from the White House said that Trump and King Salman also agreed on the need to address “Iran’s destabilizing regional activities. ” Since Trump’s election in November, his staff has mitigated his campaign pledges to “tear up” the deal with Iran, which the president called as recently as two weeks ago “one of the dumbest deals I have ever seen” in an interview with UK paper the Times of London. Saudi Arabia, competing with Iran for regional hegemony, and influence and control in the Gulf, has been among the strongest opponents to the deal, alongside Israel. In its account of the conversation, the Saudi Press Agency made no mention of Iran. The unnamed Saudi official quoted by Reuters did not say whether Trump and King Salman discussed the president’s executive order to put a   moratorium on allowing refugees into the US and the temporary ban on allowing entry to travelers from Syria and six other   countries. Saudi Arabia is not one of the seven countries from which entry to the US is banned. Trump and King Salman also discussed the Muslim Brotherhood. “It was mentioned that Osama bin Laden was recruited at an early stage” by the zealous Sunni organization, the Saudi source quoted by Reuters said. Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have designated the Brotherhood a terrorist organization. The Brotherhood’s religious doctrine challenges the dynastic rule of the House of Saud, a view shared by the more radical organization Islamic State. According to Reuters, a debate is under way inside the Trump administration on whether the United States should also declare the Brotherhood a terrorist organization and subject it to US sanctions.",0
5167,After Seeing This You Will Never Eat Kiwi The Same Way Again,"Choose a topic Choose a topic All information, data, and material contained, presented, or provided on REALfarmacy.com is for educational purposes only. It is not to be construed or intended as providing medical or legal advice. Decisions you make about your family's healthcare are important and should be made in consultation with a competent medical professional. We are not physicians and do not claim to be. Any views expressed here-in are not necessarily those held by REALfarmacy.com © 2016 REALfarmacy.com",0
5168,A Leaked Memo Just Proved Trump’s Housing Discrimination In New York City,"Comments 
A new federal government document has surfaced which details the housing discrimination practices of Donald Trump and his family’s vast Trump Organization’s realty holdings in New York City’s outer boroughs of Queens and Brooklyn. 
It’s the first time that tangible proof of Donald Trump’s history of racial discrimination practices has been confirmed in an official record. 
  found this key document from the archives of University of Michigan’s Law School, markgin the very first time that the complete list of Trump’s covered properties has been discovered. 
The Republican nominee spent most of the 1970s battling federal housing discrimination charges alongside his father, a fact Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton highlighted in an attack ad this week . 
However, Trump has always publicly denied culpability and hid behind the confidentiality of settlement discussions to avoid full disclosure like this new public record document exposes. In fact, he has always never admitted guilt, according to Politifact : 
The case was settled and Trump never admitted guilt, though his company had to agree to stipulations meant to prevent future discrimination at his rental properties. Donald Trump’s Properties Had 75% Fewer Minorities Than Lived Nearby In Other Buildings 
The Trump Organization had 9,050 apartment units covered under the settlement agreement with the federal government, which housed only 399 minority residents across 35 covered properties, or only 4.4% of Fred and Donald Trump’s New York City rental real estate empire. 
The public record document proves the Trump Organization and principals Fred and Donald Trump’s buildings schemed to ignore the Fair Housing Act of 1968 but failed miserably and ultimately landed in court for two years starting in 1973. 
The Trumps eventually capitulated to the government in 1975. 
Keep in mind, the federal government named Donald Trump personally in their Fair Housing complaint, so he wasn’t just a bit player in the dark history of his family business’ illegal management practices — but a named defendant. 
The Justice Department named 39 buildings in their original complaint, which leading to a story entitled, “ Major Landlord Accused of Antiblack Bias ,” on the front page of the New York Times. 
Out of the total of 14,000 units that The Times says the Trump family owned in 1973, 68% of their holdings fell under the settlement. 
The Trumps segregated a small group of non-white tenants into a few of their properties, maintained a single building with just over half minority residents, and virtually excluded minorities from 24 New York City buildings of the 36 total project covered in their 1975 settlement with the federal government which covered a mind-boggling 9,500 apartments. 
Five of the Trump buildings affected had no minority residents whatsoever, and more than half of the buildings had less than ten minority residents. 
There’s also spreadsheet below with easier to read copy of the key public record document proving Trump’s discriminatory housing practices, but you can see the original here: 
Who Wrote This Letter At The Department of Justice Civil Rights Division And Why Did They Write It? 
Drew S. Days, III transmitted the Trump Leak (below) to the Open Housing Center of New York shortly after his appointment by President Carter. It was prepared by career Civil Rights division lawyer Harvey L. Hanley in the summer of 1977, 
Days , was the Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Civil Rights division then, where he personally oversaw the Trump family’s desegregation efforts. 
He went on to become a Yale Law Professor, and eventually the US Solicitor General under President Clinton in 1993. 
Days’ memo reveals that the portfolio of Trump Organization realty which was covered in the 1975 settlement, and their slow progress of racial integration as of July 11th, 1977. 
By then, the Trump Organization had designated two additional buildings to accommodate significant blocks minority renters compared to other buildings. 
But across the board, non-white occupancy rates only went from 4.4% to 7.2% with 663 residents of color housed. 
When you factor out those two buildings – named Argyle Hall and Westminster Hall who accepted 48 of only 264 new minority tenants – the Trump Organization’s overall minority occupancy rate stood at only 6.45%. Trump Organization Management Actively Discriminated Against African-Americans 
The New York Times reported in August that Trump’s property managers – both New York and Cincinnati, Ohio – marked minority housing applications for denial whether they were segregationists or more likely following their orders strictly. One manager spilled the beans on Trump’s discriminatory practices: 
A former Trump superintendent named Thomas Miranda testified that multiple Trump Management employees had instructed him to attach a separate piece of paper with a big letter “C” on it — for “colored” — to any application filed by a black apartment-seeker. 
That wasn’t only reason to date why the federal Department of Justice’s Civil Rights division monitored fully 2/3rds of the Trump family’s realty empire for racial discrimination in the 70s. 
Case records like the one provided by DCAT below show that Trump’s manager would tell prospective tenants that their neighborhoods were safe, “because there were no blacks around.” 
Furthermore, as in many housing discrimination cases, the below court document also documents testers visiting the Trump Organization’s buildings and coming out with different results based on the skin color of the prospective tenant. Federal Court Document from US vs. Trump. Click to Open in New Tab New York’s Minority Population Doubled In the 1970s 
It’s important to note that demographic data from the US Census illuminates this report to show that most of Trump’s buildings had far fewer minorities than the communities in which they sat. 
US Census data indicates that Kings and Queens Counties were the two most populous counties in New York back then, with 4.6 million people in 1970. (doc 2, page 11 in link) US Census Data. Click to Open in New Tab 
Roughly 20% of that 1970 population was listed as African-American. 
By the 1980 US Census , the population of the two New York City boroughs dipped slightly, however the percentage of African-American and hispanic residents in the two boroughs was 40% of the population. (pages 29-30 in link) 
This data demonstrates that the Trump Organization’s covered apartments only had one fourth of the proportion of minority residents compared their surrounding neighborhoods in the mid-1970s, while 15% percent of their properties had zero African-Americans residing inside them. 
For the purposes of this story, we used the blended average of minority population in both districts, since there’s a large portfolio of buildings. Conclusion 
Donald Trump settled a federal Fair Housing Act lawsuit because most of his buildings often had few, or even no minority residents. 
A careful examination of his record shows that his family’s real estate empire systematically excluded African-Americans from its housing, and even after settling with the US Department of Justice, the Trump Organization continued to use the same tactics of loading just a few properties with most of the minority tenants.",0
5169,"Losing Hope in U.S., Migrants Make Icy Crossing to Canada - The New York Times","WINNIPEG, Manitoba  —   Almost three months after Bashir Yussuf watched Donald J. Trump win the presidential election, he made his way to Noyes, Minn. where he set off at night into the   woods and crawled across the unmarked border into Canada. “I saw what was coming,” said Mr. Yussuf, 28, who fled his home in Somalia in 2013 to make a circuitous,   voyage to San Diego, where he applied for asylum but was rejected. “I knew Trump was going to deport me. ” After a   walk, much of it through deep drifts, Mr. Yussuf arrived in Emerson, a small farming town in sight of the   border with both North Dakota and Minnesota. Emerson’s 700 inhabitants have long known “border hoppers,” often offering them lifts to the nearby Canadian Border Services Agency office. But they have never seen them coming in these numbers. The morning before Mr. Yussuf arrived with another Somali last Sunday night, 19 other Africans had emerged on the Canadian side of the border, cold and hungry after walking much of the night across frozen farm fields. There were too many to fit into the small border office for processing, so the people of the town rushed to open the community hall, where the new arrivals could get warm, doze on sleeping mats and refuel on Nutella sandwiches, tea and coffee. Noting a worrying trend, Emerson officials convened an emergency meeting on Thursday with the police and border agents to figure out a protocol for the next wave of arrivals  —   which they feared would be soon. “The farmers are worried about what they’re going to find when the snow melts,” said Greg Janzen, the reeve, or chief elected executive, of the   municipality. On Christmas Eve, two Ghanaians were picked up on the roadside north of town, some 10 hours after they had set off into a field near the border, sinking to their waists in snow. The temperature that morning was reported to be below zero, with windchill making it even worse. The men’s hands were so badly frostbitten that they lost almost all their fingers. Over the past couple of years, a small number of people have been sneaking across the border at Manitoba from the United States and then filing for asylum, Canadian Border Service Agency statistics show. But since the fall, refugee workers in Winnipeg say, there has been a noticeable surge. The Manitoba Interfaith Immigration Council, known locally as Welcome Place, typically serves 50 to 60 asylum seekers per year, said its executive director, Rita Chahal. “Since April, we’ve seen already 300,” she said. While the government of Canada was unable to provide statistics on the number of people seeking refugee status who illegally enter the country, Sgt. Harold Pfleiderer of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said, “There has been an increase in illegal migration in Quebec, Manitoba and British Columbia, with the largest increase being seen in Quebec. ” A loophole in the rules covering asylum seekers has led some to walk for as long as eight hours in the middle of the night, through wintry landscapes and biting prairie cold, before arriving in Emerson. While an agreement between Canada and the United States makes it impossible for them to simply present themselves at the border and claim asylum, those who make it into the country and then present themselves to border guards can do so. Now, in light of the uncertainty and disruption created by President Trump’s executive order on immigration, refugee advocates and human rights groups in Canada are demanding that the government led by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau suspend or cancel the refugee pact, which is known as the Safe Third Country agreement. “We are essentially encouraging people to come across the border through irregular means,” said Sean Rehaag, a York University law professor who specializes in refugee and immigration law. On Wednesday, the immigration and refugee clinical program at Harvard Law School issued a report stating that Mr. Trump’s executive orders on immigration made the United States “not a safe country of asylum” for people fleeing persecution and violence. “When Canada sends someone back to the U. S. we are saying we have confidence the U. S. is going to protect them if they need protection. We don’t see how we can have confidence to say that in the current context,” said Janet Dench, executive director of the Canadian Council For Refugees, a nonprofit umbrella organization of 170 refugee advocacy groups. Bashir Khan, a Winnipeg lawyer, has represented 125 refugees before the Immigration and Refugee Board over the past five years. That is on top of the 17 he is representing currently. All were rejected at refugee hearings in the United States. “Let’s be honest here,” Mr. Khan said. “They did not get access to justice in the United States. They were locked up from the moment they crossed the Mexican border, and detained an average of nine months. They didn’t know how to fill out asylum forms, they were not given legal aid  —   not one of them. ” Ms. Chahal of Welcome Place said that in recent months her center had seen another type of applicant  —   people like Mourad Hassan, who flew into Chicago in December and then worked immediately to find a way across the border to make his first asylum claim in Canada. “When Trump became president, I was scared he would deport me,” said Mr. Hassan, 32, a former army officer from Djibouti who said he had been tortured for political reasons. “He doesn’t like Muslims. ” From Emerson, the refugee applicants typically take cabs for the   trip to the provincial capital of Winnipeg, where they formally apply for asylum, welfare checks and legal aid. The hearings are usually scheduled within two to three months of their application, but there are no guarantees. In 2015 the Immigration and Refugee Board approved 57. 7 percent of the 16, 521 refugee claims made inside Canada’s borders. The   board does not track how many claims come from people who bypassed border controls to enter Canada. With the legal status of Mr. Trump’s executive order still in limbo, Canada’s government has shown no enthusiasm for suspending its agreement with Washington. On Friday, Camielle Edwards, a spokeswoman for Ahmed Hussen, the immigration minister, said that the agreement “remains an important tool for Canada and the U. S. to work together on the orderly handling of refugee claims made in our countries. ” She said, “The conditions of the agreement continue to be met, but we are continuing to monitor the situation closely. ” Ms. Dench said that history suggests that Canada’s border will not be overwhelmed by refugee claimants if people entering from the United States are allowed to apply at the border. “It’s not as if everyone in the U. S. would suddenly want to come to Canada,” she said. And, she said, “We would not have more people crossing the border irregularly and you no longer have people losing their fingers. ” Mr. Yussuf was prepared for his journey to Emerson. He wore thermal underwear and thick gloves. And he paid a guide $600 to take him close to the border. Other asylum seekers said that they had heard from cabdrivers in Grand Forks, N. D. that they would be deported at the border. The drivers offered to drive them to a place that was better for crossing illegally, but farther from the border. They were unprepared for the wintry crossing. One man, Zurekaneni Issah Adams, wore a thin jean jacket and carpentry gloves. His trip took seven hours. “We were lucky. We were saved by God,” said Mr. Adams, 36, who fled Ghana in 2014 for Brazil, before slowly making his way by foot, bus and boat to the California border. After 16 months in detention, Mr. Adams said, his asylum request there was rejected. In Canada, he had a hearing scheduled last week, but it was postponed. “I am dreaming big,” he said. “I will not lose my hope. ”",0
5170,Hillary Clinton’s New Attack on Donald Trump Cheers Her Allies and Worries His - The New York Times,"Hillary Clinton’s blistering new assault on Donald J. Trump has mollified many Democrats alarmed about the    presidential race  —   while inflaming Republican fears that Mr. Trump’s improvisational style and skeletal campaign will prove inadequate in repelling the type of attack Mrs. Clinton unleashed on Thursday. Mixing stark warnings that Mr. Trump would imperil America’s security with caustic personal critiques  —   “I’ll leave it to the psychiatrists to explain his affection for tyrants”  —   Mrs. Clinton offered the first indication that she was willing to confront her unconventional opponent in the fashion many in her party believe his candidacy demands. “I thought it was one of the most important speeches Secretary Clinton has made throughout this campaign because it drew a line that for most of this campaign has not been drawn,” said Leon E. Panetta, the former defense secretary, arguing that Mr. Trump had “gotten away with murder” with his incendiary proposals and statements. Mrs. Clinton’s speech in San Diego drove home that “this is not just the fun and games of a primary, but a choice for the American people about who is going to sit in the Oval Office,” Mr. Panetta said. Democrats across the country expressed relief on Friday that Mrs. Clinton had finally delivered a comprehensive indictment of Mr. Trump’s fitness for the presidency. Senator Chris Coons of Delaware said there had been “widespread concern” among Senate Democrats that Mrs. Clinton was not drawing sharp enough contrasts with Mr. Trump. “This speech really did that,” he said. Representative Debbie Dingell, Democrat of Michigan, who was attending the Detroit Chamber of Commerce’s annual retreat on Mackinac Island with many of the state’s most influential leaders, said, “The people up here who were worried about her said she is finally finding her groove. ” For several weeks, Mrs. Clinton had tried out a version of the campaign President Obama ran against Mitt Romney in 2012, portraying Mr. Trump as a heartless corporate titan who profited off the housing crisis and avoided paying taxes. But she was receiving scant news media coverage, and Mrs. Clinton’s advisers worried that voters were not as moved by   attacks against someone who unapologetically boasts about his wealth. After weeks in which Mr. Trump viciously attacked Mrs. Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton, over Mr. Clinton’s indiscretions, moreover, it had become clear that she needed a circuit breaker in the form of a more robust counterassault  —   and one that she could deliver herself, rather than relying on surrogates to deal the most forceful blows to Mr. Trump on her behalf. Her campaign’s decision was to seek to disqualify Mr. Trump on terrain that is Mrs. Clinton’s comfort zone: foreign policy. But billing her San Diego speech on Thursday as a foreign policy address was also something of a ruse: It turned out to be an acidly funny takedown of Mr. Trump and his temperament, giving him the same sort of belittling treatment he had used on his opponents to great effect. “There’s no risk of people losing their lives if you blow up a golf course deal,” Mrs. Clinton said at one point. But as satisfying as her new line of attack was to many Democrats, as Mr. Panetta said, “The real question is going to be, ‘Where does it go from here? ’” Indeed, Mrs. Clinton returned to a familiar stump speech later on Thursday in El Centro, Calif. though on a stop to a campaign office in San Diego, she joked about her new offensive. “I was listing all the reasons why Donald Trump should never get near the White House,” she told volunteers, adding, “And even I was getting nervous. ” If Mrs. Clinton is able to overcome that nervousness and drive a sustained attack echoing her San Diego speech, some Democrats said she could negatively define Mr. Trump this summer the same way that Mr. Clinton managed to define Bob Dole in their 1996 presidential race. “What she did sets the parameters about what this election is about,” said Joe Lockhart, who was Mr. Clinton’s campaign press secretary that year. “It is very hard to change that in the    fight after Labor Day. ” That prospect, in turn, has Republicans deeply concerned about Mr. Trump. Despite being the party’s presumptive nominee for a month, Mr. Trump has yet to adapt his campaign to the demands of a general election. His only “war room” so far is his Twitter feed. He is campaigning in California, insisting that he can win one of the country’s most liberal states. He has spent a week attacking a Hispanic federal judge who is handling a lawsuit against him in increasingly racial terms, only drawing more attention to the case. And he continues to divide his attention: He will travel to Scotland and Ireland this month for a business event. Nor have Mr. Trump’s tactical choices inspired confidence. At a rally on Thursday night in San Jose, Calif. his main rejoinder to Mrs. Clinton’s speech was that she ought to be in jail over her use of a private email account as secretary of state. There was no broader counterattack from his campaign or his allies, a remarkable silence after Mrs. Clinton’s harshest critique yet. “He needs to get the Republican chorus singing for him, and making sure he’s got a lot of voices out there,” said Terry Nelson, a longtime Republican strategist. “He’s got to make sure he is reaching out to the party and letting them know what the message is, what to say and how to say it. ” There is little evidence of any such coordination. His campaign sent out no response to the Clinton speech. The Republican National Committee, on which Mr. Trump’s team has been leaning heavily, issued just one   critique of Mrs. Clinton’s foreign policy before her remarks. His campaign is also badly lagging behind the Democrats at   and there are signs this has affected spending: After a group supporting Mrs. Clinton ran ads last month against Mr. Trump, the Trump team asked about rates for television ads of its own, according to two media buyers apprised of those inquiries, but never followed up. Reached by phone, Mr. Trump addressed such concerns by saying he had proved he could rewrite political playbooks. “I think I’m defining her,” he said of Mrs. Clinton. “I think she’s being defined as a weak and ineffective person. ” Mr. Trump has four top aides who worked on Mr. Dole’s 1996 campaign. But his campaign’s problems already resemble some that plagued Mr. Dole, including a formidable opponent mounting an early offensive, and an undisciplined candidate. Mr. Dole said on Friday that Mr. Trump, whom he has endorsed, had mastered   and commanding media attention like no other recent nominee. But he warned that Mrs. Clinton’s speech signaled a need for Mr. Trump to adjust. “I think Hillary tried laying a groundwork, and I think that’s going to be sort of her template,” Mr. Dole said in an interview. “He has criticism of Hillary, but it’s sort of been scattered. ” Mr. Trump, he added, “has got to catch up. ”",0
5171,The B*tch Is Back: MILO Celebrates Cinco de Milo - Breitbart,"Former Breitbart Senior Editor MILO celebrated Cinco de MILO today where he announced a number of new Milo, Inc. ventures. [MILO entered his Meme Mansion, packed to the rafters with anxious fans just waiting to get a glimpse of the Dangerous Faggot, with a large snake wrapped around his shoulders and accompanied by a number of large black men, “Welcome to Cinco de Milo! I’m Milo Yiannopoulos!” announced MILO, “I already have my own holiday, October 18th, is celebrated internationally as World Patriarchy Day. But that has been superseded now by Cinco De Milo. ”  MILO briefly discussed the events that lead to his exit from Breitbart before continuing, “now you may have heard that I made a couple of phone calls after all that happened, after I’d been sufficiently contrite for a while. And you may have heard that I have raised twelve million dollars. ” the Dangerous Faggot said to the crowd that had begun chanting “MILO” over and over. “I want to tell you all what I’m going to do with that money so we can get back to getting trashed,” said MILO, “first of all, Simon  Schuster. I am going to spend the next year making the name Simon  Schuster synonymous with censorship. I am going to spend the next year giving out as many free ‘Fuck Simon  Schuster’ shirts as I can. ” MILO continued, “do not worry about the scolds and the nannies. So we’re suing them  …     I am suing Simon  Schuster for $10 million dollars. ” “But we’re taking it a step further,” said MILO, “I am going to take not just all of their best authors but all of the best authors of all of the conservative imprints in this country and launch my own imprint called Dangerous Books. We are going to publish every mischievous, dissident, hellraising guy you have ever heard of  …     We’re going to be going live in the next seven days. ” MILO then announced the return of his touring career stating that he would be launching a student and commercial tour called “Troll Academy. ” MILO stated that Troll Academy would be accepting applications on Monday from venues or colleges that wished to host him. MILO stated that personally would “determine whether you deserve a visit from me. ” In his final announcement of the night, MILO discussed his Free Speech Week at UC Berkeley, which will take place in the fall.  ",0
5172,"‘To Hell and Back’ as a Cancer Survivor, Storm Victim and Caregiver - The New York Times","They treaded water for seven hours before a neighbor heard their screams. On Oct. 29, 2012, Hurricane Sandy flooded Staten Island. As the storm surge peaked at 14 feet in the borough  —   among the highest levels across New York City  —   the water crashed through the walls of their house, and DeBraan Varvaro and her younger sister, Carolyn Varvaro, clung to the gutter of their roof and did not let go. They waved frantically as helicopters circled overhead, but no one saw or heard them over the roaring water. “We could swim before we could walk,” the elder Ms. Varvaro said of her childhood on Staten Island’s beaches and teenage years as a lifeguard. “We’re ocean people. That’s why we survived. ” Her sister grew tired in the water, and Ms. Varvaro held her up as she treaded water. In the second hour, a garden statue of the Virgin Mary floated past. The younger Ms. Varvaro saw it as a sign they would survive. She kicked with renewed hope. Finally, at 6 p. m. a neighbor, crouched in his attic, heard the women’s screams. He helped them get the attention of more neighbors, and a young man swam through the water, filled with sewage, dead fish and gasoline, to pull them out. They were safe. But everything changed after the storm. They no longer felt safe. Over four years later, the night of the hurricane, and all the nights after, still haunt them. The elder Ms. Varvaro, now 61, a pack of her favorite Seneca cigarettes within reach, recalled in a recent interview the continuing terror, while propping her legs on a stool to ease back pain from a 1993 car accident. She cried, stopping at times midthought to find the words to describe her ordeal. Ms. Varvaro had feared displacing her sister, who is schizophrenic, so they decided to stay. The night before Hurricane Sandy hit, however, they called 911 for help, but the line was busy and they could not get through. They were among 236, 000 residents in impacted zones who did not evacuate their home before the storm, according to city estimates. Now, the sound of sirens still puts Ms. Varvaro in a panic, jolting her back to the hours spent treading water and praying for help. When she tries to sleep, she said, she hears “the    of the helicopters circling overhead. ” She did not return to the beach until last summer. “I couldn’t even get to the boardwalk,” she said. “I’d have to stop. I could still smell the storm. ” In 2012, Ms. Varvaro was told that she had   stress disorder. Even before the storm, her life had its difficulties. Pregnant at 23, she almost lost the pregnancy twice because of medical complications, but gave birth to a healthy daughter. The next year, in 1979, she learned she had cervical cancer, underwent surgery and fought it off. But it returned aggressively 10 years later, and she fought it again. Everything seemed fine until 2000, when the cancer returned a third time. She has been free of cancer since surgery in May 2000, and hopes to keep the disease in the past. “I’ve met the devil and survived,” she said with a shrug. “I came out the winner. ” Before her last bout with cancer, she met Kevin Killea, a sales representative, and they were together for 16 years. He died of pneumonia in 2010, and she has been alone since, except for her sister. Ms. Varvaro has been protecting and caring for her sister, who is four years her junior, since they were young. As a child, her sister often had high fevers and seizures that led to a loss of hearing Ms. Varvaro learned sign language so they could communicate. Surgery restored her hearing several years later. Ms. Varvaro has also helped her sister cope with paranoid schizophrenia and clinical depression, diagnoses she received after their mother died in 1999. “They’re only labels,” Ms. Varvaro said. “I tell my sister, ‘Other people need them. You don’t. ’” She added: “I’m a shy person until it comes to my sister, and then the bulldog comes out. I fight for the people I love. I will go for the jugular and ask God for forgiveness later. ” When her sister, who had been living in a supportive apartment program, had a nervous breakdown in 2003, after verbal abuse and neglect, she moved her to another such program. Ms. Varvaro said she had lodged a complaint with local officials against the previous program. It was later shut down. But in August 2009, her sister had another breakdown at the second residence. Ms. Varvaro then brought her home to live with her in her apartment on Staten Island. When they moved in together, Ms. Varvaro promised to keep her sister safe. After the storm, she felt she had failed her. She asked for her sister’s forgiveness. “I think all the struggles I’ve survived in life were in preparation for taking care of my sister,” Ms. Varvaro said. By attending to her sister’s needs, however, Ms. Varvaro suppressed her own anxiety. In 2014, a friend referred her to an art class and other services provided by the Jewish Community Center of Staten Island, a beneficiary agency of   of New York, one of eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund. Working in watercolors and pastels, she painted a small sailboat flitting in the choppy water of a dark storm. “I’m no Picasso,” she said. “But it got me out of this house. It got me out of myself. ” The art classes have been a welcome break from financial troubles that were compounded after the hurricane. The family received $10, 000 from the Federal Emergency Management Agency to cover losses  —   well under what the sisters needed. They were unable to return to their first apartment together and the garden they tended daily with colorful annuals and window boxes by the kitchen. Since 2009, Ms. Varvaro’s back injury and other health problems have kept her from working as an emergency medical technician, a job she had held for 13 years. Her sister has never been able to work because of her mental illness. Together they receive $1, 736 in Social Security income and disability benefits. They also receive $375 a month in food stamps and a $575 rent subsidy from the city. They now share a     apartment that is accessible only by a long, narrow staircase, which is difficult for the elder Ms. Varvaro to climb because of her arthritis and fibromyalgia. The Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty, another   beneficiary, provided them with $850 in Neediest funds to cover one month’s rent in 2014. In September, they also received $1, 170 from the fund to replace the younger Ms. Varvaro’s broken bed and to buy a therapeutic mattress for her sister, which has greatly improved her sleep. The elder Ms. Varvaro hopes they can eventually move into a     apartment. “I’ve been to hell and back,” she said. “Now I just want to help my sister have peace of mind. I’m ready to live again. ”",0
5173,Russia is stockpiling gold at an alarming rate — will the next world war be fought with currencies,"Wed, 26 Oct 2016 15:15 UTC With all eyes on Russia's unveiling their latest nuclear intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which NATO has dubbed the ""SATAN"" missile , as tensions with the U.S. increase, Moscow's most potent ""weapon"" may be something drastically different. The rapidly evolving geopolitical ""weapon"" brandished by Russia is an ever increasing stockpile of gold, as well as Russia's native currency, the ruble. Take a look at the symbol below, as it could soon come to change the entire hierarchy of the international order - potentially ushering in a complete international paradigm shift - and much sooner than you might think. The symbol is the new designation of the Russian ruble, Russia's national currency. Similar to how the U.S. uses the dollar sign ($), the U.K. uses the pound sign (£), and the European Union uses the euro symbol (€), Russia is about to begin exporting its symbol internationally. After the failed ""reset"" in U.S./Russian relations by the Obama administration, and the continued deterioration of the countries relationship, Washington began targeting entire sectors of the Russian economy, as well as specific individuals, meant to impose an economic burden so severe that it would force Moscow into compliance. Instead of decimating Russia, what it precipitated was a Russian response of gradually weaning themselves off of the hegemony of the U.S. petrodollar, and working with China to create an alternative to the SWIFT payment system that isn't solely controlled by Western interests (see Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank , New Development Bank). According to the Corbett Report : New reports indicate that China is ready to launch its SWIFT alternative, and for those who have their ear to the ground this is the most significant move yet in the unfolding process of de-dollarization that is seeing the BRICS-led ""resistance bloc"" breaking away from the financial stranglehold of the US-led ""Washington Consensus."" For those who don't know, SWIFT stands for the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication and is shorthand for the SWIFTNet Network that is used by over 10,500 financial institutions in 215 countries and territories to transmit financial transaction data around the world. SWIFT does not do any of the clearing or processing for these transactions itself, but instead sends the payment orders that are then settled by correspondent banks of the member institutions. Still, given the system's near universality in the financial system, it means that virtually every international transaction between banking institutions goes through the SWIFT network. This is why de-listing from the SWIFT network remains one of the primary financial weapons wielded by the US and its allies in their increasingly important financial warfare campaigns. Recently, financial guru Jim Rickards, author of the book "" Currency Wars ,"" wrote that ""Russia is poised for a major comeback in its economy. Russian bonds and stocks and the Russian currency, the ruble, will all benefit."" Rickards believes a ""strong turnaround"" is coming within Russia, and that this comeback will benefit the ruble. While still suffering from the economic warfare being waged by the U.S., Russia has realized that as long they are subservient to the petrodollar, there remains a clear and present danger of the Russian economy being devastated by the whims of Washington. The Bank of Russia, that nation's central bank, is extremely clear about its mission, and monetary policy declaring on its website: Monetary policy constitutes an integral part of the state policy and is aimed at enhancing well-being of Russian citizens. The Bank of Russia implements monetary policy in the framework of inflation-targeting regime, and sees price stability, albeit sustainably low inflation, as its priority. Given structural peculiarities of the Russian economy, the target is to reduce inflation to 4% by 2017 and maintain it within that range in the medium run. In layman's terms, that means that monetary policy, similar to nuclear weapons and the military, are ""an integral part of the state policy"" in Russia. While many analysts have noted the increased build-up in Russia's military arsenal, seemingly few have highlighted the massive build-up of Russian gold reserves over the past decade. Below is a chart showing Russian gold reserves between 1994 and last year, 2015: Since 2006, there has been a year-on-year increase that reveals a significant upward trend. The chart clearly reveals that Russia's state policy of increasing state monetary assets, in the form of gold. Additionally, the Russian government has been converting state rubles into gold assets. From 2006 to 2015, Russia's state holdings of gold tripled. Within just the past year Russia has substantially increased its gold holdings According to the Business Insider : In July of this year, the central bank of Russia added 200,000 ounces of gold to its reserves. The one-month uptick in Russian gold reserves — 200,000 ounces — is approximately equal to the entire annual output of Barrick Gold's Turquoise Ridge gold mine in Nevada. At that same rate — 200,000 ounces per month — in a mere five months, Russia would add to state gold reserves the equivalent of the entire annual output of Barrick's massive Goldstrike mine in Nevada . Currently, Russian gold reserves rank seventh in the world. It's clear that there is a concerted effort by Russian authorities to build up the country's gold reserves as part of a national strategy to negate the effects of economic warfare waged by the United States. Rickards, in his 2011 book "" Currency Wars ,"" theorized that Russia and China could combine their gold reserves to form a global gold-backed currency to compete against the U.S. dollar. Currently, Russian reserves stand at roughly 1,500 tonnes, with Chinese reserves totaling over 1,800 tonnes (according to China — it's likely more), which would amount to a combined total of roughly 3,300 tonnes of gold. The U.S. is about to lose overarching control of policymaking within the International Monetary Fund (IMF), thus the U.S. lockup on global gold is about to vanish, according to Business Insider. Imagine for a moment the distinctly real possibility that Russian-Chinese alliance could exercise indirect (or even direct) control over the IMF's gold reserve of over 2,800 tonnes. Russian, Chinese and IMF gold combined would equal roughly 6,100 tonnes, and would allow for direct competition with the U.S. gold reserves, estimated at 8,100 tonnes. Russia and China have realized that the petrodollar is wielded by Washington as it's weapon of choice when opposing a well-armed state, and clearly see the writing on the wall - thus working together to create a new global financial paradigm. The reality is that the United States is $20 trillion dollars in debt, and eventually the time will come when the U.S. economy begins to implode — and all the fiat currency people are stuck holding will essentially be worth nothing more than the paper it's printed on. Hard assets, such as gold and silver, should be bought and taken custody of while there is still an opportunity to do so, as a means of hedging against the potentially disastrous results of the U.S. using the petrodollar as a ""weapon."" Ultimately, the United States, Russia and China are all controlled by centralized power-hungry tyrants attempting to command powerful global bureaucracies like the IMF, the World Bank, SWIFT, New Development Bank and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. It's not Russian nuclear weapons that people should fear, as the policy of mutually assured destruction essentially voids any benefit of a state launching a first-strike nuclear attack. The true threat to America is our economic house of cards, built upon the back of a neoliberal trade policy that puts the ""rights"" of corporations over that of people .",0
5174,Netanyahu’s Office Denies Report It Was Informed Trump Would Not Move U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem,"The Jerusalem Post reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s Office denied on Wednesday reports that it had received notice that US President Donald Trump has decided not to move the American Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. [“Israel’s position is that all embassies, particularly the US embassy, should be in Israel’s capital  —   Jerusalem,” the Prime Minister’s Office said in a statement. Earlier in the day, Israeli outlet NRG cited unnamed sources as saying the White House had relayed the decision about scrapping plans for the controversial move to the government in Jerusalem.  It remains to be seen whether Trump will make any announcement on his campaign pledge of moving the US embassy during his first visit as president to Israel and the Palestinian territories on May  . Palestinian and Arab leaders have warned the US against the move, saying it would trigger violence in Israel and elsewhere. Read more here.",0
5175,Celebrity Chef Sandra Lee: I ’Can’t Stomach’ Paul Ryan - Breitbart,"Celebrity chef Sandra Lee says Speaker of the House Paul Ryan makes her sick to her stomach. [Lee had been scheduled to tape a cooking segment on Fox  Friends last week, and Ryan was reportedly asked to try the food. But the Food Network star says she didn’t want the Republican lawmaker anywhere near her.  “At first what occurred to me is that we are both from Wisconsin,” Lee told Page Six. “And I realized he is the one thing from Wisconsin that I cannot tolerate or stomach. ” “I just do not stand for anything he stands for,” she continued. Lee, the longtime girlfriend of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, said “I was so angry I was shaking, and I never had that experience before in my life or on any show. ” “I love Fox  Friends. That was the only time that happened to me,” she added. “I do not get angry for too long. He left the set, and I was back to Sandra Lee. ” While attending the Breast Cancer Research Foundation’s Hot Pink Party on Friday, Lee told Page Six that she had “been really surprised about the reaction. ” “I think it is because I have never stated my opinion,” she told the outlet. “Just because I chose not to state my opinion does not mean I do not have one. When it comes to health care or childhood hunger issues, I am not going to be quiet, tolerant or silent about my experiences or my convictions. ” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
5177,Chrisette Michele Defends Inauguration Performance after Backlash,"After coming under fire from her fans and celebrity colleagues, RB and soul   Chrisette Michele is defending her decision to perform at an undisclosed event during Donald Trump’s inauguration. [“We can’t be present if we’re silent,” Michele wrote in an open letter she posted to Twitter Friday.  The   says she is willing to take the heat if it means she can “be a bridge” to bring people together. “I am willing to be a bridge. I don’t mind These Stones, if they allow me to be a voice for the voiceless,” the singer wrote. https:  .  | An Open Letter pic. twitter.   —   chrisette michele (@ChrisetteM) January 19, 2017,  Though Michele has worked with the likes of Jay Z, John Legend and will. I. am, the    star has faced backlash for agreeing to perform for Trump. Film director Spike Lee said he’s no longer using Michele’s song “Black Girl Magic” in his new Netflix series after he learned of her inauguration event. “I Wuz Thinkin’ ’bout Using Chrisette’s   BLACK GIRL MAGIC In My Netflix Series SHE’S GOTTA HAVE IT  …    . NOT ANYMORE,” Lee wrote in an Instagram post.  Good Morning Folks. I Wuz Sorry To Read That ”Sistuh Girl” Is Singin’ At DT’s Inauguration (And To Use His Fav  ). I Wuz Thinkin’ ’bout Using Chrisette’s   BLACK GIRL MAGIC In My Netflix Series SHE’S GOTTA HAVE IT  …    . NOT ANYMORE. And Dat’s Da Truth, Ruth. A photo posted by Spike Lee (@officialspikelee) on Jan 19, 2017 at 4:10am PST,  Questlove, drummer for The Roots, the longtime   band for The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon,  tweeted on Wednesday that he would pay Michele not to perform at Trump’s inauguration. I’d pay Chrisette to NOT perform 😔  —   Questlove Gomez (@questlove) January 18, 2017,  Michele joins a growing lineup of inaugural performers many of them, including Toby Keith, and rock band Three Doors Down, are expected to perform Friday for the “Make America Great Again! Welcome Celebration. ” Soul singer and civil rights activist Sam Moore, who also recently defended his decision to perform at the inauguration, is also expected to tale the stage on Friday.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
5178,"Man Finds Heartbreaking Note On Car, Last Line Teaches Him NASTY Lesson","Man Finds Heartbreaking Note On Car, Last Line Teaches Him NASTY Lesson Posted on October 26, 2016 by Robert Rich in News Share This 
After coming out to the parking lot, a motorist was puzzled to see that there was an unexpected note on his car. However, the situation would soon take a heartbreaking turn when he read what was inside – until he got to the last line, which taught him perhaps the nastiest lesson of his life. 
Although details surrounding the note are unclear, the account was posted to Reddit , along with a corresponding image on Imgur , depicting quite a strange series of events. As it turns out, a man found a note on his car only to realize that it was a devastating story about a stranger’s cancer-stricken grandfather. Stock image of note on car 
As explained in the note, the writer was about 10-years-old at the time his grandmother desperately tried to get her husband to quit smoking. According to the stranger , his grandmother said to his grandfather, “If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you need to stop immediately.” 
The seemingly harsh message apparently had a dramatic and instant effect on his grandfather as he recalls that his eye’s welled up with tears. Sure enough, the man quit that day – but unfortunately, it was too late. 
In a heartbreaking twist, the note details how the writer’s grandfather died just 3 years later of lung cancer, never seeing his grandkids graduate. As if that wasn’t gut-wrenching enough, the note went on as the stranger explained how his mother begged him never to smoke, saying “don’t put your family through what your grandfather put us through.” The note in full (Source: Mirror ) 
Of course, he obliged. However, the note seemed to change in sentiment at that moment, and the writer taught the driver of the car a nasty lesson with the last line of the odd note. “I must say, I feel a slight sense of regret for never having done it because your parking job was so sh*tty that it gave me cancer anyways,” he wrote. “Jesus, f*ck, please learn how to park.” 
You have to admit, this dig was perhaps the most well thought out act of passive aggression that has been seen in quite some time. Although the message came across a bit rough, I think it’s safe to say that this guy won’t be parking outside the lines for quite some time.",0
5179,Stark Choice for Syrians in Rebel Areas: ‘Doom’ or the Green Bus - The New York Times,"BEIRUT, Lebanon  —   The   buses once ferried Syrians to school, work and dates at Damascus cafes. Now they pull up at moments of defeat, when rebel fighters and civilians, besieged and bombarded, give up their territory to government forces and board the vehicles en route to an uncertain future. The buses, once a benign, even beloved feature of the urban landscape, have become a signature of the Syrian government’s    strategy. In recent days, government warplanes dropped fliers on the   districts of Aleppo, offering a stark choice to the estimated 250, 000 people trapped in that strategic city: “doom,” represented by a photo of a bloody body, or “redemption,” in the form of a green bus. Images of the buses are everywhere: on state television reports and   websites celebrating the evacuations, and on opposition videos mourning what they call deportations. Women and children, or fighters with guns, peer from their windows. They cry, chant defiantly or stare into space as they leave areas that have long symbolized revolt against President Bashar   like the recently emptied Damascus suburb of Daraya. Riders are usually offered a choice between two destinations, but as with so many aspects of the bloody and chaotic Syrian civil war, both options are bad. They can take the green buses to government territory, where many fear arrest and conscription, or to another   area, where they face continued government airstrikes  —   like the ones that hit a school Wednesday and killed 22 children in Idlib Province. “Damn the green buses, I’m seeing them in my dreams,” said Jalal   36, a computer technician whose neighbors in Waer, a besieged district on the outskirts of the central city of Homs, recently debated whether to board the buses in the latest evacuation offer. Mr. Telawi was experiencing a certain déjà vu. Two years ago, he took a green bus with fellow fighters out of the Old City of Homs in a deal with the government, only to face another siege in Waer. “We have a phobia  —   a ‘bus complex,’” he said. “In our minds, they equal displacement. ” The   buses first arrived in Syrian cities with much fanfare in 2009. Back then, they were a symbol of the modernization promised by Mr. Assad. At one point painted red and plastered with the logo of a cellphone company owned by a cousin of the president, they replaced rickety repurposed school buses and supplemented the small white vans known as “servis,” providing improved, affordable public transportation for students and workers. Osama Mohammad Ali, now an antigovernment activist trapped in Waer, speaks wistfully of riding the bus to law school in Homs on rainy days alongside people from every sect and walk of life. “The driver used to play Fairuz”  —   the Lebanese singer and diva  —   “and there was a kind of respect among us,” he said. “If I saw an elderly man standing, I would give him or her my seat. ” But when demonstrations demanding political reform broke out in 2011, the buses were used to transport   state security officers or   militiamen through Damascus traffic to beat up and arrest protesters. As the uprising turned to armed conflict, clashes left   buses rusting in the streets. The steel carcasses sometimes served as barriers between government and rebel territory. Then, in a 2014 deal supervised by United Nations officials, the green buses evacuated the last rebels from the Old City district of Homs as the government took over the area. “We were all crying, ‘Is this the end of Homs men? ’” Mr. Telawi, the technician, recalled recently. “We thought we would be liberating Homs, but instead our end will be in the green bus. ” The buses have since been used again and again in the local surrender deals that the government has promoted in place of a national peace agreement. The Syrian government and its ally Russia portray the evacuations as an act of mercy, freeing people they contend are being used as human shields. Opponents of the government increasingly see the process as “ethnic cleansing,” as it has primarily displaced members of the Sunni majority. The United Nations has condemned the evacuations as a “forced displacement” of civilians, calling for residents to be allowed to “return voluntarily, in safety and in dignity. ” But as the stretched Syrian Army continues to expel civilians from    areas, the United Nations and other agencies operating in the country risk being implicated in “a dangerous precedent,” Aron Lund, an analyst at the Carnegie Middle East Center, wrote recently. Armed groups, he continued, can “target and deport civilians with impunity in Syria, and perhaps elsewhere. ” When   towns refuse the deals, bombardments intensify and sieges tighten. In August, south of Damascus, the last 1, 500 people in Daraya capitulated after an incendiary bombing of their last hospital. Some went to   suburbs, others to   Idlib Province. Abu Adnan, 50, was one of the bus drivers. He took 20 fighters and their families to Idlib, where many of them had never been before. They wept as they crossed the checkpoint on their way out of Daraya. “Even I started tearing up  —   the crying of men is so hard,” he recalled in an interview, asking to be identified only by his nickname to avoid repercussions for expressing sympathy. “I saw a gunman put some soil from Daraya in a plastic bag and smell it as if it was soil from paradise. ” The   drive took 30 hours, he said, with the bus stopping at many checkpoints. At some, the rebel passengers threatened to shoot if security forces clambered aboard. At others, the security men cheered for Mr. Assad while the passengers cheered for Daraya and revolution. In September came evacuations from Waer, with hundreds departing for   territory farther north. Mr. Ali, the law student, chose to remain under the blockade. “I can’t stand to see these buses now,” he said, but he noted that some people saw them as a means of rescue, to “take them from hell to start a new life,” perhaps fleeing to Turkey. Next, buses  —   white this time  —   took rebels and some civilians from the Damascus suburb of Qudsaya, where remaining residents chanted their support for the government as security officials welcomed the town “back into the lap of the country. ” And on Oct. 19, rebels and activists boarded green buses bound for Idlib from the Damascus suburb of Moadhamiyeh, where chemical attacks killed hundreds in 2013. Among them was a doctor named Muhannad, who helped collect evidence for the United Nations investigation into those attacks and who spoke on the condition that he be identified by only his first name, for safety. He, his wife and their son were hoping to smuggle themselves to Austria, where the doctor once worked. Staying home was not an option: He was wanted by 16 security branches, on charges of treating wounded fighters. “I’m inside Bus No. ” he said by phone. Asked about the atmosphere, he said, “One word: crying. ” More than 2, 600 people died in Moadhamiyeh during the war, he said. “We will never have the chance to read the Fatiha over our people,” he added, referring to a prayer of mourning. The green buses were also offered  —   or offered as a threat  —   on Oct. 21 to people in the besieged   eastern sections of Aleppo, the ancient city split since 2012 between government and rebel territory. After the government encircled the rebel side over the summer, a   reporter, Shadi Helweh, taunted the rebels on state television. “I swear to God, the green buses will be here,” he said. “We will take selfies with those mercenaries while they leave like rats. ” People in eastern Aleppo have much to flee: government and Russian airstrikes on hospitals, apartment buildings and schools dwindling supplies of food. But the green buses idled. Virtually no one came out, though Russia had declared a unilateral halt to airstrikes and promoted evacuations. The government and Russia accused rebels of blocking civilians from leaving. Rebels said no one should be evacuated unless humanitarian aid was also allowed in  —   and told residents that it was not safe to take the buses without international supervision. The United Nations called for a more comprehensive humanitarian pause  —   with aid deliveries and medical evacuations  —   but that did not come to pass. It is hard to know how many residents of Aleppo and other trouble spots would leave if they had reliable safety guarantees. Many, including older residents, say they just want to stay in their homes. Mr. Telawi, the technician who rode the green bus out of Homs in 2014 but refused to board again in Waer this year, remembered that when one of his friends had gotten on the bus, he had taken out an old ticket, stamped it with the   machine as if for a normal ride, and kept it. “He said he’ll use it again,” Mr. Telawi recalled. “On the way back. ”",0
5180,Illustrious Catholic Scholar Michael Novak Dies at 83,"After battling with cancer, Michael Novak, renowned American scholar and defender of the   economy and religious liberty, died on Friday at the age of 83. [The list of Novak’s accomplishments is long and varied. Hailing from the cultural left in the 1960s, Novak gradually came to see liberalism as morally and intellectually bankrupt, a journey he recounted in a winsome memoir titled Writing from Left to Right: My Journey from Liberal to Conservative.  A Catholic theologian, Novak wrote more than 50 books on a broad range of topics during his prolific career, including the groundbreaking 1982 work The Spirit of Democratic Capitalism, in which Novak made a moral case for the free market system. He also defended the idea of business as a vocation, an idea he revisited in greater depth in his 1996 book, Business as a Calling: Work and the Examined Life. Novak was the first theologian to make an   moral, cultural, and political case for the market economy in a systematic way, garnering him enduring opprobrium from the religious and secular left. “Democratic capitalism,” Novak wrote, is “neither the Kingdom of God nor without sin. Yet all other known systems of political economy are worse. Such hope as we have for alleviating poverty and for removing oppressive tyranny  —   perhaps our last, best hope  —   lies in this much despised system. ” As many theologians were promoting liberation theology as a remedy for economic and social problems in Latin America, Novak rejected the idea of embracing socialism as a solution to for   peoples, well before the public collapse of socialism in 1989. In her own memoir titled The Downing Street Years, Margaret Thatcher praised Novak’s “new and striking language” and “important insights,” and added that his writing on the morality of political economy “provided the intellectual basis for my approach to those great questions brought together in political parlance as ‘the quality of life. ’” Under Ronald Reagan, Novak worked as U. S. ambassador to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights as well as providing eleven years of service on the boards of Radio Free Europe and Radio Liberty. In 1978, Novak began work as a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research in Washington, D. C. where he served as director of social and political studies. In 1983, he was named the George Frederick Jewett Chair in religion and public policy and remained there until his retirement from the post in 2009. As Catholic League president Bill Donohue noted, “Michael Novak was more than a brilliant and dedicated Catholic, his range of scholarship was astounding. ” “Theologian, sociologist, economist, political scientist  —   he was all of these and more,” Donahue said. This author feels a particular debt of gratitude for more than 20 years of friendship and collaboration with Michael Novak, who was always insightful, gracious, loyal and true. In his 2008 book No One Sees God: The Dark Night of Atheists and Believers, Novak made the argument that the line of belief and unbelief “is not drawn between one person and another, normally, but rather down the inner souls of all of us. ” He has now entered the realm where belief gives way to vision, doubts to certainty and pain and sorrow to eternal joy. Requiesce in pace, Michael. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
5181,Vladimir Putin's Top Quotes From the 2016 Valdai Forum,"Citizen journalism with a punch Vladimir Putin's Top Quotes From the 2016 Valdai Forum Originally appeared at RT 
The US should stop brazenly blaming Russia for the situation in Syria as it may face an equally harsh response, Russian President Vladimir Putin warned at the Valdai forum in Sochi, also addressing American exceptionalism, Trump and other issues. 
Does anyone seriously think that Russia can somehow influence the choice of the American people? Is America some sort of a banana republic? America is a great state. Correct me, please, if I’m wrong. 58125553c36188bc718b4679.jpg 
On the US media switching from portraying Trump as Russia’s enemy to Kremlin’s favorite: 
This is complete and utter rubbish… a way of manipulating the public consciousness ahead of the US presidential election",0
5182,Chairman Devin Nunes: ‘Cannot’ Rule Out Senior Obama Officials in Intelligence Leaks - Breitbart,"House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes did not rule out Senior Obama administration officials being involved in “incidental” communications of President Donald Trump’s transition team that were “widely disseminated. ”[When asked by Breitbart News if he could rule out any involvement of senior members of the Obama administration, Nunes replied, “No, we cannot. ”  Nunes briefed President Donald Trump at the White House this afternoon, speaking to reporters immediately after the meeting. He confirmed that the new intelligence had nothing to do with the FBI investigation into Russia, but that it was picked up in normal intelligence efforts. “What I’ve read bothers me, and I think it should bother the president himself and his team, because I think some of it seems to be inappropriate,” he said. Nunes said that Trump was “concerned” by the news, “And he should be. ” “I don’t think the American people would be comfortable with it,” he said when asked to characterize the nature of the intelligence. Nunes said that some of the information was communicated to him by intelligence sources. “We’ve been asking for people to come forward and they came through the proper channels   …     I’m just going to leave it at that,” he said. He added that the National Security Agency was “cooperating very very well” with the ongoing investigation. Live at the White House  —   House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes https:  .   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) March 22, 2017,   ",0
5183,Stockholm’s “Feminist” Snow Removal Program Causes The Entire City To Shut Down,"Convinced that previous snow plowing policies were “sexist,” the city government of the Swedish capital of Stockholm recently implemented a “feminist” system for clearing it. It ended in disaster and the city came to an absolute standstill. For a start, four times as many people than usual were hospitalized for snow-related injuries. Nearly as importantly, countless workers, most of them men, were prevented from getting to work. It would appear that the patriarchy-backed snow won, as local politicians ended up apologizing for the havoc-causing changes.
Havoc like this:

Forgetting that motor vehicles are often more impeded by snow than pedestrians (and create a greater safety risk), municipal resources, which had already been increased, were diverted to clearing bicycle paths and sidewalks and away from main roads. Areas like schools were also prioritized, which again ignores the frequently greater ease of walking in snow than driving in it, plus the longer distances car commuters face compared to children, mothers and other women walking to places. The situation is quite plainly moronic for a further reason: non-main roads and other parts of a city take up much more space, meaning that the Swedish capital’s snow removal teams were targeting a far larger, less densely used zone. To boot, this was all during a November already breaking records for snowfall .
The saga in Stockholm reads like an microcosm of feminism itself: an over-educated (meaning under-educated) group of leftists come together, create “data” based on feelings, and produce a plan of action that screws up an entire community. Feminists in Stockholm had previously complained that the thoroughfares cleaned up first and most extensively by snowplows were the ones heavily used by men. How they came to this conclusion is unclear but, given the shutdown of the city that resulted from the feminist changes, it wasn’t based on any solid reasoning. With private cars and public transport vehicles alike unable to move in many cases, the “female-friendly” snow-clearing ended up adversely impacting far more people, including women, than the old one.
Well done, feminists and white knights.
What this says about Sweden Is it really surprising that one of the people responsible for Stockholm’s “female-friendly” snow plowing scandal, Mayor Karin Wanngård, is a feminist and career politician who first joined the council in her teens?
Because Sweden is perhaps the most concentrated welfare state in the world, not having people at their jobs and instead stuck in snow is a very bad thing. How can a country continue to pay such a large bill for handouts with elected representatives of the caliber of Stockholm’s trying to ruin things? Sweden is also home to a growing class of low-skilled migrant communities, including many tens of thousands from the most recent Mediterranean waves last year. Its recent migrant population is now essentially the same proportionally-speaking as states more typically associated with multiculturalism, such as Canada and Australia. And non-ethnic Swedes in Sweden tend to come from more troublesome cultures, compared to the more assimilation-friendly East Asians and Indians emigrating to Canada and Australia.
How Sweden intends to deal with issues like this while balancing urgent economic needs remains to be seen, especially with brain-dead initiatives like the snow plow fiasco taking precedence. Add to the mix the recent creation of a “mansplaining” hotline by a Swedish labor union and you start to see the “real” problems Scandinavia’s most basketcase society is trying to solve.
So who was organizing the snow plowing–and actually doing it? Yup, you guessed it, it’s a man driving.
There’s no doubt that the feminist snow plowing scheme was an unmitigated disaster. And it’s also extremely likely that the vast majority of people tasked with clearing Stockholm’s streets are men. Oh, the irony. Not only do feminist politicians try to preference women in the removal of snow, they expect men to do the work in achieving it. Just as sanitation workers and garbage collectors are invariably male, don’t expect to catch too many female snowplow operators and other snow-clearing employees in Stockholm.
Wake up, Sweden Swedish multiculturalism in action.
Stockholm’s snow removal catastrophe is emblematic of a country refusing to deal with its real malaise. While the men who built Sweden are categorized as would-be oppressors, Swedish society itself is close to breaking point. Even Stockholm’s central train station is now terribly unsafe and various city police forces have long made it known that they do not have control of many suburbs. In particular, Malmö, Sweden’s third city, and certain districts of Stockholm are notorious for ethnic ghettos, gang violence, rape, and other crime.
But no, mansplaining hotlines and not removing snow in a new, feminist way are the clear and present dangers most Swedes should fear at night.
Read More: Australian Male Senator Shuts Down Female Colleague For Accusing Him Of “Mansplaining” 

",0
5184,Devastating aftermath of twin quakes in Italy (drone footage),"Drone footage shows the devastation caused by twin earthquakes that rocked Borgo Sant’Antonio, near Visso, which left buildings reduced to rubble or partially collapsed. 
Central Italy was struck twice in quick succession the previous day, with the first tremor hitting it at around 19:11 local time (17:11 GMT). The quake measured 5.5 on the Richter scale and could be felt as far as Rome some 240 km (149 miles). Shortly after a second quake of 6.1-magnitude, struck at around 21:18 local time (19:18 GMT). Buildings were shaking, some parts even caving in, and residents fled into the street to save themselves. Several dozen people have been treated across the region for light injuries, while four are said to have been seriously hurt. 
COURTESY: RT’s RUPTLY video agency, NO RE-UPLOAD, NO REUSE – FOR LICENSING, PLEASE, CONTACT http://ruptly.tv 
  
Subscribe   
Like   
  Share the joy",0
5185,New video: How to BREAK THE CYCLE of human complacency and servitude,"Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... More news on human complacency About the author: Mike Adams (aka the "" Health Ranger "") is a best selling author (#1 best selling science book on Amazon.com) and a globally recognized scientific researcher in clean foods. He serves as the founding editor of NaturalNews.com and the lab science director of an internationally accredited (ISO 17025) analytical laboratory known as CWC Labs . There, he was awarded a Certificate of Excellence for achieving extremely high accuracy in the analysis of toxic elements in unknown water samples using ICP-MS instrumentation. Adams is also highly proficient in running liquid chromatography, ion chromatography and mass spectrometry time-of-flight analytical instrumentation. Adams is a person of color whose descendents include Africans and American Indians. He self-identifies as being of American Indian heritage , which he credits as inspiring his ""Health Ranger"" passion for protecting life and nature against the destruction caused by chemicals, heavy metals and other forms of pollution. Adams is the founder and publisher of the open source science journal Natural Science Journal , the author of numerous peer-reviewed science papers published by the journal, and the author of the world's first book that published ICP-MS heavy metals analysis results for foods, dietary supplements, pet food, spices and fast food. The book is entitled Food Forensics and is published by BenBella Books. In his laboratory research, Adams has made numerous food safety breakthroughs such as revealing rice protein products imported from Asia to be contaminated with toxic heavy metals like lead, cadmium and tungsten . Adams was the first food science researcher to document high levels of tungsten in superfoods . He also discovered over 11 ppm lead in imported mangosteen powder , and led an industry-wide voluntary agreement to limit heavy metals in rice protein products. In addition to his lab work, Adams is also the (non-paid) executive director of the non-profit Consumer Wellness Center (CWC), an organization that redirects 100% of its donations receipts to grant programs that teach children and women how to grow their own food or vastly improve their nutrition. Through the non-profit CWC, Adams also launched Nutrition Rescue , a program that donates essential vitamins to people in need. Click here to see some of the CWC success stories. With a background in science and software technology, Adams is the original founder of the email newsletter technology company known as Arial Software . Using his technical experience combined with his love for natural health, Adams developed and deployed the content management system currently driving NaturalNews.com. He also engineered the high-level statistical algorithms that power SCIENCE.naturalnews.com , a massive research resource featuring over 10 million scientific studies. Adams is well known for his incredibly popular consumer activism video blowing the lid on fake blueberries used throughout the food supply. He has also exposed ""strange fibers"" found in Chicken McNuggets , fake academic credentials of so-called health ""gurus,"" dangerous ""detox"" products imported as battery acid and sold for oral consumption, fake acai berry scams , the California raw milk raids , the vaccine research fraud revealed by industry whistleblowers and many other topics. Adams has also helped defend the rights of home gardeners and protect the medical freedom rights of parents . Adams is widely recognized to have made a remarkable global impact on issues like GMOs, vaccines, nutrition therapies, human consciousness. In addition to his activism, Adams is an accomplished musician who has released over a dozen popular songs covering a variety of activism topics.",0
5186,"Hillary Is a Communist Spy- Alex Jones, Dave Hodges and Global Research","Hillary Is a Communist Spy- Alex Jones, Dave Hodges and Global Research 
Hillary Clinton wanted for treason. 
Alex Jones came out with his reasons why he believes that Hillary Clinton is a Communist Chinese spy. Alex and I both have our beliefs as to why Clinton should be considered to be a Communist operative and we both come at this from different angles. Alex maintains that Hillary is a Communist Chinese spy. I maintain that Hillary is a KGB operative. However, I believe at the time we are at today, we are both right. Alex Jones maintains that the Chinese will emerge as the dominant power whose mission it will be to usher in the NWO. I agree wholeheartedly with that statement. For the Moment, China and Russia Are Allied 
Russia and China are allied and the linchpin of the Russia/Chinese alliance are the massive energy deals that Russia and China have mutually entered into. In something that our main stream media (MSM) never talks about, Russia and China are militarily aligned in Syria. as I have noted in past articles. Therefore, in the present moment, when Hillary is working for the Russians, she is also, by default, working for the Chinese. 
Alex Jones has a very interesting take on why Hillary’s association with China will help perpetuate our downfall. 
Global Research Declares Clinton to be Foreign Spy 
It is at this point that Alex Jones and Dave Hodges find common ground. 
From Global Research : During her 4 years as Secretary of State of the United States (2009-2014), Hillary Clinton controlled US foreign policy. She had access to the most confidential information and state documents, numbering in the tens of thousands, from all of the major government departments and agencies, Intelligence, FBI, the Pentagon, Treasury and the office of the President. 
She had unfettered access to vital and secret information affecting US policy in all the key regions of the empire…” 
“…There are several lines of inquiry against Mme. Clinton: 
(1) Did she work with, as yet unnamed, foreign governments and intelligence services to strengthen their positions and against the interest of the United States? 
(2) Did she provide information on the operations and policy positions of various key US policymakers to competitors, adversaries or allies undermining the activities of military, intelligence and State Department officials? 
(3) Did she seek to enhance her personal power within the US administration to push her aggressive policy of serial pre-emptive wars over and against veteran State Department and Pentagon officials who favored traditional diplomacy and less violent confrontation? 
(4) Did she prepare a ‘covert team’, using foreign or dual national operative, to lay the groundwork for her bid for the presidency and her ultimate goal of supreme military and political power? (Ed. Note: My assertion) 
Clinton’s covert war policies, which included the violent overthrow of the elected Ukraine government, were carried out by her ‘Lieutenant’ Under-Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, a virulent neo-conservative holdover from the previous Bush Administration and someone committed to provoking Russia and to enhancing Israel’s power in the Middle East. Clinton’s highly dangerous and economically destabilizing ‘brainchild’ of militarily encircling China, the so-called ‘pivot to Asia’, would have required clandestine exchanges with elements in the Pentagon – out of the State Department and possibly Executive oversight. 
In other words, within the Washington political circuit, Former Secretary of State Clinton’s escalation of nuclear war policies toward Russia and China required secretive correspondences which would not necessarily abide with the policies and intelligence estimates of other US government agencies and with private business interests…” (EDITOR’S NOTE: I MAINTAIN THAT THIS ISSUE IS ALSO CONTAINED IN THE “MISSING EMAILS”). 
My main interest toward Hillary Clinton’s treason has recently focused on one issue, namely, the Clinton Foundation’s selling uranium to Russia. I would argue that Clinton’s policies which pushed the US into a war mode against Russia was done so Clinton would have a willing buyer of uranium (i.e. Russia) should war every come. 
Again, from Global Research: 
“The executive leadership now faces the problem of how to deal with a traitor , who is the Democratic Party nominee for US President, without undermining the US quest for global power. How do the executive leadership and intelligence agencies back a foreign spy for president, who has been deeply compromised and can be blackmailed? This may explain why the FBI, NSA, and CIA hesitate to press charges; hesitate to even seriously investigate, despite the obvious nature of her offenses. Most of all it explains why there is no indication of the identity of Secretary Clinton’s correspondents in the various reports so far available”… Hillary Clinton: An Agent for Russia 
I published my assertion that Clinton was a traitor in 2015. I repeated this charge nearly two months ago. 
A former key member of the Obama administration and current Presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton, has proven herself to be the Ethel Rosenberg of her generation. You may recall your U.S. history as Ethel Rosenberg sold nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union at the height of the Cold War. In an act every bit as egregious as Ethel Rosenberg’s treason, Hillary Clinton sold uranium to the Russians while serving as the Secretary of State. Ironically, the original source on this treasonous act committed by Clinton was none other than the liberal rag we call the New York Times . The proof is undeniable that Hillary Clinton committed the treasonous act of selling uranium to the Russians while Secretary of State , as reported in the New York Times. The Russian blood money, as reported, is being held in an offshore account and is being used to fund her run for the Presidency. 
From the New York Times…. 
“A Uranium One sign that points to a 35,000 acre ranch by John Christensen, near the town of Gillette, Wyoming. Uranium One has the mining rights Mr. Christensen’s property.” This is proof of more BLM chicanery which will involve multiple BLM ranches. 
The New York Times further asserts that members of the Canadian mining industry, who have supported Clinton’s campaign, financed and sold off to the Russians a company known as Uranium One. Uranium One is directly responsible for transferring uranium from BLM land to the Russians through an off-shore holding company. Again, according to the NY Times, the Russians, through three separate transactions, acquired Uranium One, while paying off the Clintons and their Canadian partners from 2009-2013. The business deal also involved paying Bill Clinton $500,000 dollars for a speech on energy which was delivered in Moscow. 
Conclusion Alex Jones, Global Research and Dave Hodges all agree on central point. Hillary Clinton is a foreign asset dedicated to the destruction of the United States. Alex maintains that Hillary is aligned with China and I see evidence that she is aligned with Russia. At this point in time, I do not view this as a discrepancy. Nor, do I have an issue with believing that the globalists have chosen China to usher in the NWO agenda. The central point here is that this nation sits upon the precipice of putting a person into the White House who is an absolute traitor to this country. To this point, whether it is the Chinese flavor or the Russian flavor that Hillary represents, “what does it matter?” She is going continue to sell America out to her enemies. It is interesting to note that during the Grid EX drills, which simulated a take down of the grid, both the Chinese and the Russians were invited to participate. Finally, when Alex Jones, Dave Hodges and Global Research all reach the same conclusion, via different means, THAT HILLARY CLINTON IS A SPY, perhaps it is time to pay closer attention to who we are electing as our next President.  ",0
5187,Donald Trump appoints Lord Voldemort as Chief of Staff,"Monday 14 November 2016 by Neil Tollfree Donald Trump appoints Lord Voldemort as Chief of Staff 
President Elect Trump has begun naming who will serve on his cabinet, and amongst the most eye-catching is the appointment of Lord Voldemort as Chief of Staff. 
“We knew that President Trump would need someone who could practise magic,” said US political expert Simon Williams. 
“Building a wall, repealing Obamacare, deporting three million people. That’s all on the first day. I can’t see any way of getting that done without the use of some pretty powerful magic. 
“But appointing the evilest wizard for thousands and thousands of years? That is a bold move.” 
Lord Voldemort, who has been described as a ‘raging psychopath, devoid of normal human responses to other people’s suffering’ will be in charge of the day-to-day operation of President Trump’s White House, including controlling access to the President, management of staff, and organising Secret Santa for the Christmas party. 
It is understood that Lord Voldemort had been seeking a return to public life after his humiliating defeat at the hands of Harry Potter, and came close to replacing Randy Jackson on Season 13 of American Idol, but turned it down for a promised role in Celebrity Masterchef that fell through. 
Rumours that Lord Voldemort was only offered the role after Sauron, Dark Lord of Mordor, turned it down to work with David Davis on Brexit, are so far unconfirmed. Get the best NewsThump stories in your mailbox every Friday, for FREE! There are currently ",0
5188,’Destiny 2’ - Official Gameplay Reveal Trailer - Breitbart,"The Last City has fallen and The Traveller has been taken. Now the Guardians must regain their powers and rebuild their arsenals to save the Earth in Destiny 2. [Players will travel to new worlds, gain new powers, and find and equip new weapons and armor in Bungie’s   to their hit     shooter Destiny. “Destiny 2 has a great story, an iconic new villain, awesome characters you want to go on an epic adventure with, and of course, tons of the amazing gameplay that Destiny is known for,” said Activision CEO Eric Hirshberg. “We, along with our partners at Bungie, have listened carefully to our community, and have added thoughtful innovations that make the game, and all of its content, more accessible to more types of players than ever before. ”  Bungie appears to have finally listened to the many players of Destiny that were discouraged by the game’s lack of matchmaking for   content, admitting that only half of all players who reached the game’s level cap had ever completed one of Destiny‘s   Raids and stressing that with Destiny 2, gamers will “always have someone to play with” through the game’s new Guided Games matchmaking feature. “With the sequel, the team are paying close attention to welcoming new and returning Guardians to the universe with something for every type of gamer, including gameplay for solo, cooperative and competitive players with new places to explore and adventures to conquer,” Bungie CEO Pete Parsons said. Changes to the series’   quests structure, and the addition of an   clan system for players all look to bring significant change to Destiny 2. Destiny 2 will launch on September 8 on Playstation 4, Xbox One, and through Blizzard Entertainment’s Battle. net platform on PC.",0
5189,Heh : Hillary Literally Became the Definition of ‘Pathological Lying’ on Google Yesterday,"Posted 10/31/2016 2:37 pm by PatriotRising with 0 comments Clinton image added to “Pathological lying” Wikipedia page 
If you had happened to Google the term ‘pathological lying’ on Sunday evening, you would have been met with none other than the bright, smiling face of presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton. Before Wikipedia administrators put a temporary lock on the entry early Monday morning, the top Google result for the term was a link to the Wiki article displaying Clinton’s photo, along with the following quote defining pathological lying: 

“It is a stand-alone disorder as well as a symptom of other disorders such as psychopathy and antisocial, narcissistic, and histrionic personality disorders, but people who are pathological liars may not possess characteristics of the other disorders. Excessive lying is a common symptom of several mental disorders.” 

The revision history of the entry shows the picture of Clinton was originally added to the ‘pathological lying’ Wikipedia article on the morning of October 29th, but it wasn’t until the next night that the ever-vigilant internet community took notice and excitedly spread the word on Facebook and Twitter . Check out the Google Trends report for ‘pathological lying’ below: 
Unsurprisingly, most reactions were supportive of the alteration to the Wikipedia article, once again showing the public’s general distrust of the presidential candidate. A poll conducted by Quinnipiac University last year asked voters to say the first thing that came to mind when they thought of Hillary Clinton. The most popular response was “liar,” followed by “dishonest” and “untrustworthy.” Maybe if the biggest names in journalism weren’t outright colluding with Hillary’s campaign , that poll would have been more widely reported. Maybe. 

Due to the fact major media corporations are completely ignoring the corruption surrounding the Clinton campaign, it has been left to Wikileaks, independent media outlets, and the social media community to push this information into the public eye. Just a week away from the election, new evidence was discovered that prompted the FBI to announce they have reopened the criminal investigation into Hillary’s private email server. 

With Republican nominee Donald Trump scheduled to appear in court to face rape allegations, there is a high possibility the next president of the United States will be facing criminal charges before they’re even inaugurated. If nothing else, this election cycle is proving that people want truth — and they’ll get creative to expose it. Do you enjoy reading Patriot Rising?",0
5190,Fox Sports’ Big East Trails Only Big 12 and ACC in Elite Players - Breitbart,"Fox Sports’ gamble on Big East basketball still results in a small fraction of ESPN’s viewership, but in addition to the defending national champion (Villanova) and Value Add player (Josh Hart) the conference boasts elite players. [When looking at the top 5 percent of all players this season, the Value Add Top 200, the ACC (27) and Big Ten (21) lead the way, followed by the Big 12 (19) and then Big East (16). The Big 12 and Big East each have only 10 teams, meaning the average teams in those smaller conferences average 1. 9 and 1. 6 Top 200 players.  By that count the Big East is one of the top four conferences, ahead of the other Power 6 conferences (SEC and Pac 12) with the Atlantic 10 and American Athletic (the former Big East football teams) not far behind. Below is the ranking of conferences by Top 200 players per team, with the rank of the top player in each conference listed as well.",0
5191,Mexican President’s Photo Op with Deported Migrants Backfires,"An attempt to capitalize on the arrival of 135 deported Mexican nationals by having the president welcome them backfired when some of the migrants said the government abandoned them and would return to the U. S. as soon as possible. [The event took place at Mexico City’s airport when Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto welcomed a group of 135 Mexican nationals who had just been deported from the United States.   “You are not alone, do not feel abandoned” Peña Nieto said. “The doors to this, your house, will always be open. ” During his speech, Peña Nieto called Mexico a land of new opportunities as he talked about various programs, new investments, and the support that the   individuals would be receiving.  “Today there has been the creation of jobs not seen before and there is productive investment,” EPN said.  The words spoken by the Mexican president come at a time when the peso has been consistently losing value against the U. S. dollar and the price of gasoline continues to rise. During the event by EPN, government officials told the migrants about government credits of $25, 000 pesos or roughly $1, 200 USD so they could start their own business.  “The Mexican consulates in the United States do not do anything for us, they are sending massive airplanes and sending a lot of people,” said one of the deported migrants. “I do not think its fair. No one is there to help on that side nor on this side, we have to do something for our people. ”  Pedro Vasquez, another Mexican migrant who was interviewed by various news outlets at the airport, said he would be traveling back to the United States within 15 days and that a wall would not be able to stop him. The    man from the Mexican State of Hidalgo had been living in Georgia making about $4, 800 a month before his arrest for driving without a license.",0
5192,Carbs During Workouts May Fend Off Colds - The New York Times,"Until recently, many scientists believed that exercise reduces the body’s ability to fight off infections. Past studies had found, for example, that after workouts, especially strenuous ones, people had fewer   white blood cells in their bloodstreams than before working out, suggesting that their immune response had been weakened. But a timely new review of studies about exercise and immunity indicates that the interactions between exercise and immunity are far more intricate than scientists once suspected. Some types of workouts may hinder the immune response, according to the review, while others bolster it. Encouragingly, it also seems that a few simple precautions, including consuming carbohydrates during exhausting workouts, might help to keep our immune systems robust. To learn more about the latest science concerning exercise and immunity, I contacted two of the authors of the new review, which was published last week in the Journal of Applied Physiology. Jonathan M. Peake is a lecturer in sports science at Queensland University of Technology in Australia, while his   Oliver Neubauer is a senior research fellow at the same university. What follows are edited excerpts from our conversation. Q. Why would exercise affect the immune system in the first place? Jonathan Peake: Exercise is a form of stress. The immune system responds to stress. Q. What actually happens to the immune system during a workout? Dr. Peake: White blood cell numbers typically increase in the blood during exercise, much as they would during an infection. Body temperature rises, and immune cells move from the lymph nodes, spleen, the walls of blood vessels, and the bone marrow into the bloodstream. The stimulus here is obviously not infectious, but occurs because of a rise in stress hormones such as cortisol, epinephrine, norepinephrine and growth hormone, which all can increase during exercise. Q. And after exercise?  Dr. Peake: The number of white blood cells in the bloodstream, especially a type of cell that is particularly good at fighting infections known as natural killer cells, rapidly falls. People often have fewer natural killer cells in their blood after exercise than before they started. For many years, it was thought that exercise was destroying these cells and causing immunodepression. Q. But it isn’t? Dr. Peake: We now believe that the cells are not destroyed. Instead, it’s more likely they move out of the bloodstream and to other regions of the body, such as the lungs, gut, skin and mucous membranes of the respiratory system. This occurs in part because we can breathe in or ingest microorganisms that wind up in these tissues and require an immune response, but also because the stress of exercise causes physiological and biochemical changes within these tissues. As a result, signals go out from the tissues to the immune cells in the blood telling them that there is a potential threat to the body there, and the immune cells move to those tissues. Q. So although we get more   cells in our bloodstream during a workout, many of them wind up diverted afterward into other parts of the body? Can this development leave us particularly vulnerable to infections after a stressful workout?  Dr. Peake: Yes. Q. What if the exercise is relatively moderate, like a brisk walk or easy jog, instead of a more intense workout? Dr. Peake: Epidemiological evidence suggests that regular moderate exercise protects against upper respiratory illnesses, whereas regular intense exercise increases the risk of upper respiratory illnesses. Q. Because moderate exercise likely results in less physiological stress throughout the body than more vigorous exercise? Dr. Peake: That’s fair to say. The stress hormones that regulate activity of the immune system respond to intensity and duration. Generally speaking, the more strenuous the exercise, the longer it takes for the immune system to return to normal afterward. Q. For people who train hard and would prefer not to repeatedly catch colds, is there any way to maintain a healthy immune response? Oliver Neubauer: Ingesting carbohydrates during vigorous exercise may help, because carbohydrates maintain blood sugar levels. Having stable blood sugar levels reduces the body’s stress response, which in turn, moderates any undesirable mobilization of immune cells. Q. How much carbohydrate? And when? Dr. Neubauer: Most people only need carbohydrates during   or prolonged exercise that lasts for 90 minutes or more. For them, between 30 and 60 grams  —   which is 1 or 2 ounces  —   of carbohydrates per hour during exercise could minimize immune disturbances related to exercise. Consuming carbohydrates in the first few hours immediately after strenuous exercise also helps to restore immune function. Q. Any additional advice for those of us who work out and wish to stay well? Dr. Peake: Washing your hands often and avoiding contact with sick people will also help.",0
5193,"Trump Tweets, Vowing Obamacare Isn’t Safe Yet - Breitbart","President Donald Trump defiantly took to Twitter Sunday, decrying widespread media speculation that he was backing away from his campaign pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare after the failure of Ryancare. [Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal  Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 2, 2017,   The president and his aides had been steadfast in his efforts to get a healthcare bill through Congress despite the unpopularity and flaws of the “American Health Care Act,” spearheaded by Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) before it was forced to be withdrawn for lack of support among various elements of the House Republican Caucus on March 24. In criticizing the House Freedom Caucus in a tweet this past Thursday, Trump appeared to be referring to the Caucus’s instrumentality in preventing the House Republican Majority from settling for the unpopular Ryancare. “The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don’t get on the team,  fast,” the president tweeted. Sunday’s tweets, however, indicate confidence on Trump’s part that his party can still be unified behind a plan to repeal and replace former President Obama’s still unpopular Affordable Healthcare Act. The president appeared determined that a plan amenable to the desperate current of opinions that have emerged within the Republican Party over health care. Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 2, 2017,  The tweets were backed up by a report in the Wall Street Journal that, in the hours following the tweets, President Trump met with Sen. Rand Paul ( ) along with his Budget Director Mick Mulvaney, at his Trump National Golf Club in northern Virginia. Senator Paul had been among the fiercest critics of Speaker Ryan’s bill as it made its way through the lower chamber. “They’re discussing a variety of topics, including health care,” White House deputy press secretary Stephanie Grisham told the Journal. While some in the GOP have expressed their desire to move on to other legislative priorities, the president’s latest comments on social media stand counter to mainstream media suggestions that health care reform, and by extension Trump’s ability to govern, is dead in the aftermath of Ryancare’s failure.",0
5194,Body Camera Failed to Record Chicago Police Shooting of Black Teenager - The New York Times,"CHICAGO  —   A Chicago officer whose police powers were suspended after the officer shot an   teenager in the back last week was wearing a body camera, but the device was not operating and did not record the fatal encounter, officials said on Monday. Advocates for the family of Paul O’Neal, the    who was killed on Thursday, reacted skeptically to claims of the faulty body camera, wondering aloud why the department had invested in the technology if it did not work. “If there is not a   here, I don’t know where there is one,” said Michael Oppenheimer, a lawyer who on Monday filed a federal wrongful death lawsuit on behalf of the family. The shooting happened after officers chased a stolen Jaguar convertible through the South Side before it collided with a police cruiser on a residential street. Two officers opened fire. Cameras captured some early stages of the encounter, but not the fatal gunshot, apparently fired by another officer after Mr. O’Neal fled the crash scene on foot. Anthony Guglielmi, a Chicago police spokesman, noted that police officers in that part of the city had been using body cameras only for a few days, and said the authorities were investigating why there was no footage of the fatal gunshot. The Chicago Police Department has been criticized for a series of shootings of black men in recent years, and it is under federal investigation and still in turmoil after protests over the shooting death of a black teenager, Laquan McDonald, in 2014. The use of body cameras had been promoted as a step toward transparency. The three officers were stripped of their police powers for their actions during Thursday’s shooting. The police superintendent, Eddie Johnson, who promised to rebuild trust with the community when he was promoted this year, said footage from other body cameras and a dashboard camera was “very helpful” in leading him to believe department policies may have been violated. The officers were not identified, and video footage was not made public. Mr. O’Neal’s death is being investigated by Chicago’s Independent Police Review Authority, an agency that until recently almost never faulted officers in shootings. Officials at the county and federal prosecutors’ offices in Chicago declined to comment on Monday on whether they were involved in the case. While police officers in Chicago have seized 5, 000 guns this year, murders are up sharply, and the police union has cited low officer morale as the Justice Department investigation continues. Amid all of this, Mr. Johnson said it was important to recognize that a misjudgment by an officer was not necessarily intentional brutality. “Policing isn’t easy,” Mr. Johnson said in an interview on Monday. “We’re asking these cops to make   decisions, and sometimes they’re    decisions. ” But grief filled the street where Mr. O’Neal was shot. Near a makeshift memorial of teddy bears and signs, Ja’Mal Green, an activist serving as a spokesman for the family, said Mr. O’Neal’s death and others like it made it difficult to repair relations between Chicago’s police officers and its black residents. “Once we can have some type of cameras that work and actually show our side of the story,” Mr. Green said, “and actually get these officers prosecuted and hold these officers accountable, that’s when we can start seeing a relationship between police and the community. ”",0
5195,Digital Lock Down: Google and Facebook Take Aim At ‘Fake News’ Websites: “The Establishment Is Scared Sh*tless”,"by Mac Slavo 
In the runup to the 2016 election Matt Drudge linked to reports that Hillary Clinton’s health was faltering. For weeks the ‘rumors’ were denied by mainstream media , especially left-leaning web sites. 
As the election drew closer, The Huffington Post and other partisan web sites claimed that Clinton had an unbeatable lead. On November 4th, just days before the election, HuffPost went so far as to suggest that Clinton had a 98% chance of winning the election. All the while, alternative media researchers, journalists, commentators and bloggers were highlighting the fact that polls actually showed a dead even race , with Trump leading in some cases. 
When Wikileaks released tens of thousands of emails, the propaganda went into full swing with claims that the emails sourced from the DNC and Clinton Campaign were fake, even though numerous third-party organizations certified their validity. 
If you were to ask the experts, Drudge Report , Infowars , Breitbart , The Daily Sheeple , Stone Cold Truth , SGT Report , Alt-Market , Daisy Luther , TruthStream Media and scores of other alternative news websites were peddling fiction. In fact, “peddling fiction” is the exact terminology used by President Obama to marginalize the detailed economic reports being disseminated by Alternative Financial websites like Zero Hedge . 
The fiction narrative, first championed by entrenched media personalities, was pushed across social media by millions of anxious Hillary fans. According to them, everything coming from independent media was a lie – it was fake. 
As it turns out, Clinton’s health problems were confirmed when she was recorded stumbling and wobbling following a September 11th ceremony in New York. The Wikileaks were, in fact legit. Trump won by an electoral landslide. And the economy continues its downward spiral. 
One report after another being disseminated by what left-leaning pundits call “fake news websites” has been confirmed as accurate, proving that there was a concerted effort to stifle open discourse and real journalism. 
Hillary Clinton made mention of it in her Deplorables speech, warning that a lot of fake information was being released through purported “racist” websites across the web. 
And if she had her way, no one would have ever read anything but positive information about her, while everything else was disappeared Orwellian-style, never to reach the masses that eventually elected Donald Trump to the Presidency. 
What this year’s Presidential election has proven is that alternative media is a force to be reckoned with, and the establishment is scared shitless. 
But they won’t let it happen again. 
Earlier this year President Obama turned control of the internet over to the United Nations, effectively eliminating free speech protections enjoyed by citizen journalists in America. It may have sounded crazy when we sounded the alarm before the internet takeover, but today’s actions by Google and Facebook provide further evidence that the establishment media and Deep State politicians are preparing a digital lock down on any and all information that has not been approved by an as of yet unknown Truth Panel. 
A Facebook spokesman said it will explicitly ban sites that traffic in fake news from using the Facebook Audience Network, saying they fall under the category of misleading, illegal or deceptive sites already barred. The audience network places ads on other websites and mobile apps. 
Earlier Monday, Google said it plans to prevent Google ads from being placed “on pages that misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher’s content, or the primary purpose” of the website. The policy would cover sites that distribute false news, a Google spokeswoman said. False news stories, particularly those that spread widely on Facebook, became an issue during the recent presidential election. Google experienced its own mishap on Sunday when a story on a right-wing blog erroneously stating Donald Trump won the popular vote appeared atop some Google search results. 
… 
“While implied, we have updated the policy to explicitly clarify that this applies to fake news,” the Facebook spokesman said. “We vigorously enforce our policies and take swift action against sites and apps that are found to be in violation. Our team will continue to closely vet all prospective publishers and monitor existing ones to ensure compliance.” 
Full report 
The moves by Google and Facebook follow a recent de-monitzation effort at Youtube that has also targeted alternative media. As noted in their “Advertiser Friendly Content Guidelines,” they appear to be targeting exactly the issues often covered by alternative media by directly banning: 
C ontent that is considered “not advertiser-friendly” includes, but is not limited to: Controversial or sensitive subjects and events, including subjects related to war, political conflicts, natural disasters and tragedies, even if graphic imagery is not shown 
So basically, anything newsworthy is no longer advertiser friendly, and these organizations will now determine whose news will or won’t be seen based on what is sure to be proprietary algorithms and secretive human curation. 
The bottom line is this: the time and energy required to produce the amount of video content and investigative journalism that we saw during the election is astronomical. Thousands of journalists, bloggers and concerned citizens spent countless hours reporting the news the mainstream media wouldn’t. Many of those people depend on advertising revenue to cover their most basic website maintenance costs, as well as their monthly mortgages and the food they put on their dinner tables. 
The aim with policies like this, which will no doubt be overseen by establishment hacks, is to quite literally starve independent media. In turn, they will starve the people of the information they so desperately need to understand what is being done to them. 
This is only the beginning. The lockdown will continue. Previous Story",0
5196,Comey: ‘It Makes Me Mildly Nauseous to Think That We Might Have Had Some Impact on the Election’ - Breitbart,"FBI Dir. James Comey: ’It makes me mildly nauseous to think that we might have had some impact on the election.” https:  .  pic. twitter.  Wednesday at the Senate Judiciary Committee oversight hearing, FBI Director James Comey said while he would have still announced a new investigation into   presidential nominee Hillary Clinton days before the election, it made him “mildly nauseous” to think that he might have had some impact on the election results.  Comey said, “Look, this is terrible. It makes me mildly nauseous to think that we might have had some impact on the election, but honestly, it wouldn’t change the decision. ” He added,”This has been one of the world’s most painful experiences. I would make the same decision. I would not conceal that on October 28 from the Congress. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
5197,Jesus Comes Out of the Closet … Or Does He?,"Wednesday, 16 November 2016 
What a week it has been for the Son of the Almighty. 
Tuesday, Jesus himself was seen at the Tampa's infamous The Honey Pot night club, a night spot known for its super-hot drag show. A copy of Jesus's bar tab reveals he and his ""posse"" of Lucifer ( a.k.a ""Lu""), Peter and Paul who were in town visiting from Miami's South Beach and his PR-man-cum-handler, John from the New testament, ran up a 2,400-dollar bar tab consisting of bottles of Crystal champagne and bottles of Ciroc vodka. 
Since coming out of retirement to handle the End Times (signaled by the candidacy of Donald Trump and the emergence of the second Biblical Beast of Revelation, Mike Pence), Jesus has been quite a man around town, being seen at the hottest, newest and trendiest clubs and some of the seediest backwater bars, often extremely drunk and occasionally abrasive. ""The stress is getting to him, sure,"" his handler, John, confessed. ""I mean, his Old Man calls him out of retirement, ends his vacation and tells him he has to restore peace on Earth, and meanwhile he's got Trump and Pence claiming they're actually Christians - yeah, it irritates him. He'll be okay, though. He's got a good resume."" 
The revelry escalated to the point of Jesus ushering several transvestite dancers behind the silken ropes of his VIP section, where things got admittedly sloppy. ""Yeah,"" The Prince of Darkness, Lucifer, admitted. ""Things did spiral out of control, got a little crazy. I'm kind of feeling it today."" Lucifer was referring to Jesus's bumping and grinding with his new cross-gendered ""friends"" and taking body shots off of their surgically implanted breasts. 
""Sodom and Gomorrah had nothing on that place, man,"" The Prince of Peace admitted. ""I thought Dad was going to send down the old fire and brimstone by the time Peter and Paul were swinging on the stripper pole."" 
Though The Almighty didn't set the club ablaze for their transgressions, the pictures of Jesus carousing with his ambiguously gendered friends did set social media on fire. The rumor mill kicked into full gear and people began to question Jesus's ""orientation."" He seemed to be enjoying his new ""friends"" from the club a little bit too much. 
""I've known Jesus for a very long time,"" the Apostle Paul said candidly when asked about Jesus's sexual preference. ""I know for a fact he's not. I mean you can ask Mary Magdalene, and a whole bunch of other females in the Old World. I mean, he put the 'fertile' in the Fertile Crescent, you know what I mean? And trust me, I know fabulous when I see it."" 
Long-time lawyer friend, Pontius Pilate, commented: ""Absolutely not. Not a chance. That's nothing but slander and libel - and maybe a little wishful thinking on some people's parts. You know everyone wants a piece of a celebrity. But no, he's as straight as the Path of the Righteous. It's this social media. He's not too savvy with, you know? Didn't grow up with it. I've discussed it with him a hundred times. He really needs to be more careful in this day and age."" 
Jesus himself showed up to a press conference late the next day looking all the worse for the wear. In the press room, he kept his sunglasses on, complaining about the flashing of the cameras and how ""damned loud everyone was talking."" With a Bloody Mary conspicuously perched in his right hand, Jesus stepped toward the microphone and addressed the crowd about the true intention of his booze-fueled antics, which it turns out was a subtle message to Gay-rights adversary Mike Pence. ""I know what we're all here for. I've seen the pictures circulating on social media and, admittedly, they don't look too good. I admit that. Things have been really tense around here lately and I guess I lashed out a bit at the other team, Trump and Pence. You know Pence with his whole Christian thing: 'I'm a Christian, a conservative and a Republican in that order.' What a clown! I admit my disgust got the better of me and I just wanted to piss Pence off. Unfortunately, it got a little crazy. But, hey, what if I was gay? I'm Jesus. I can be gay if I want, and here Pence is screwing with gays in my name. Jerk! Who's this Hoosier from Indiana anyway? I mean, he's not Jesus Christ, I am damn it. He better remember that when it comes to Judgment Day because the Old Man Upstairs isn't too happy about these Christians giving us a bad rep. You know how much PR work that takes to fix up? We're still reeling from Bush and his whole Family Values thing. And Reagan, don't even get me started."" 
A reporter finally asked the unthinkable: ""So you're not gay?"" 
""I've been around a long time, like a couple millennia, man,"" Jesus started. ""I've seen a lot of things. I'm no prude. I've been to college. We're all adults here. We've all tried things. And I don't judge. That's my dad's job. Me? My philosophy is like what Bill Clinton said: 'Don't ask, don't tell.' At the end of the day, though, Mary and I are going on almost two-thousand years together. I have my kids, good friends like Lu, Peter and Paul, and I have my health, mostly because I'm immortal. To answer your question, no. Not gay. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go lay hands on myself and fix this hangover."" Make Chris Dahl's  ",0
5198,Volunteers Succeed at Eliminating Food Waste and Hunger,"By George Zapo 
Posted Friday, October 28, 2016 at 08:04am EDT 
Keywords: Atlanta , food , food waste , fresh food , Georgia , hunger , landfills , perishable food , Second Helpings Atlanta , volunteers , waste managment 
Food waste and hunger are enormous global, environmental, and public health problems. As overwhelming as these issues are, community groups, volunteers, local businesses, and organizations are working on trying to find a solution. 
What started as a social action project in 2004, a few members of a small community in metro-Atlanta, Georgia took up the challenge to feed people in need and eliminate food waste. 
And they’re succeeding! 
The project grew into a non-profit organization with a team of more than 400 volunteer drivers, a network of more than 50 donors, and front-line agencies who feed the hungry on a daily basis. 
Amazingly, the entire group has rescued more than 5.5 million pounds of food — enough to provide 4.6 million meals. Here’s more of this motivating, against-all-odds story. Food Waste and Hunger 
About a third of the planet’s food goes to waste. That’s enough to feed two billion people. 
The United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and the World Resources Institute (WRI) report that about one-third of all food produced worldwide — worth around $1 trillion — are lost or wasted in food production and consumption systems. 
Furthermore, the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC) cites the following: 
“Forty percent of the food in the United States is never eaten. But at the same time, one in eight Americans struggles to put enough food on the table.” 
Nearly 800 million people worldwide suffer from hunger . But according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, we squander enough food — globally, 2.9 trillion pounds a year — to feed every one of them more than twice over. 
In developing nations, much of the food is lost after harvest, because of the lack of refrigeration, good roads, and adequate storage facilities. On the other hand, developed nations waste more food when retailers order, display, or serve too much. 
Additionally, consumers waste food when they ignore leftovers in the back of their refrigerators — or toss perishable food out before it expires. More Alarming Statistics of Wasted Food 
Much of the wasted food in the U.S. ends up in landfills. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) reports that food waste is the second largest category of municipal solid waste sent to landfills in the United States. 
And it accounts for about 18 percent of the waste stream. That’s more than 30 million tons of food waste that the U.S. sends to the landfills each year. 
Additionally, according to NRDC, on average, people dining out leave 17 percent of meals uneaten and 55 percent of these potential leftovers are not taken home. 
In spite of the dismal statistics on food waste — and the struggles and pain hungry people endure — community groups, organizations, local businesses, and volunteers in metro-Atlanta, Georgia are making headway in not wasting food and feeding people in need. People Are Fed, Perishable Food Not Wasted 
More than ten years ago, a few members of a community in metro-Atlanta, Georgia took up the challenge to feed people in need and eliminate food waste. They wanted to take leftover fresh food from grocery stores and restaurants and quickly deliver it to agencies that provide food to families and individuals in need. 
Since the first delivery was made in 2004, the group has “rescued” more than 5.5 million pounds of food. And the group believes this figure equals enough to provide more than 4.6 million meals. 
As success mounted in eliminating food waste and feeding people in their community, the group established itself as a non-profit organization called Second Helpings Atlanta . Now, Second Helpings Atlanta has 62 donors, 31 partner agencies, and a team of more than 400 volunteer drivers who pick up and drop off perishable food every day. 
Executive Director Joe Labriola says, “The challenge is getting the food from those who have it to those who need it, and that’s what we do. We play a very specific role. We do 125 scheduled pickups and deliveries a week. We’ve gotten pretty good at this.” Fresh Food versus Non-Perishable 
Fresh food provides more nutrition than the non-perishable, processed diet that so many people eat — especially people with low or no income. One of Second Helpings Atlanta’s goals is to change that standard, offering fresh food that will ideally help prompt healthier eating habits. 
This year, the group has delivered 962,635 pounds of food and Labriola estimates they will pick up and deliver more than 1.3 million pounds by the end of the year. 
“The reason we’re so focused on perishable food is that we’re providing nutrition to the diets of people who are surviving on processed food. We’re breaking the cycle and hope that some of the health benefits of fresh food will start to kick in.” 
According to Labriola, he sees no reason why this type of food waste program can’t easily be adopted anywhere. He adds that 40 percent of the food produced in the U.S. is never consumed. And the average annual cost per household of food that is thrown out is $650. 
Twenty percent of people in Georgia live in a food-insecure environment — meaning they’re not sure when they’re going to eat next. “It’s a pretty grim story,” Labriola says. “But if we rescue just 15 percent of that food, we can feed 25 million Americans.” How it’s Working 
When people sign up to volunteer, they’re shown the available routes. Then they’re asked to choose the route that would work best with their location and schedule. 
Most pickups are regularly scheduled. However, the group often gets calls from people holding weddings, bar mitzvahs, or festivals — knowing there will be leftover food at the end of the night. Then, a call goes out to find a volunteer to help pickup and delivery the leftover food. 
Volunteer drivers make food deliveries every day of the year, except Christmas. Food pickups range in size — so people can pick them up no matter if they own a small sedan or a minivan. That way volunteering is within the reach of everyone. 
From the time a driver leaves home — stopping to pick up the food and drop it off at a partner agency — it usually takes no longer than 90 minutes for he or she to return home. Families Volunteer 
Quite often, entire families will volunteer and work together for the weekly delivery service. Labriola says families volunteering are instrumental to educating younger generations about hunger and food waste. 
For example, around Thanksgiving, a family with two young children met Labriola one day to pick up dozens of turkeys at a grocery store. The children looked amazed as they helped carry the delivery — bird-by-bird — from the store to the truck, and into the agency that would distribute them to families. Labriola told the kids they just helped feed 225 families. The children soon realized what they did. One of the children said, “That’s as many kids that are in my school!” 
The exemplary work and dedication exhibited by volunteers in the metro-Atlanta, Georgia community is a truly successful model of how to eliminate food waste and hunger. Perhaps more community groups, organizations, local businesses, and volunteers will consider following their worthy example. You might also like…",0
5199,China Deploys Aircraft Carrier to Disputed South China Sea - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   The Chinese military, in a move analysts described as a challenge to   Donald J. Trump’s strident criticism of China, has deployed an aircraft carrier to patrol the contested South China Sea, officials said on Tuesday. The ship, which is known as the Liaoning and is China’s first and only aircraft carrier, was spotted leading five other Chinese warships this week in patrols near the coasts of Taiwan and Japan. China claims the South China Sea as its own despite objections from neighboring countries and the United States. Chinese military experts called the deployment of the Liaoning a   challenge to American military dominance in the Pacific. Several said the move appeared aimed at testing Mr. Trump, who has antagonized Beijing with acerbic words and actions on issues like Taiwan, trade and North Korea. “The message is: ‘If you test our bottom line, we’ll play that game too,’” said Ni Lexiong, a naval expert at Shanghai University of Political Science and Law. The decision by Beijing to deploy the carrier group seemed likely to complicate an increasingly fractious relationship between China and the United States. Nowhere are those tensions more on display than in the South China Sea, where American forces have resisted China’s efforts to build artificial islands and military outposts as part of its efforts to assert greater control over the sea, a major commercial waterway. In the weeks since Mr. Trump’s election, Beijing has increased pressure on the United States, placing weapons on disputed islands and seizing an underwater United States Navy drone from international waters. Chinese officials appear to be emboldened by Mr. Trump’s pledge to focus on domestic issues and his ambivalence toward the One China principle, an understanding between the United States and China that has underpinned relations for decades. “The mission is to signal to neighbors that Beijing will set the security table in East Asian waters, and that not even President Donald Trump can reverse that trend,” Patrick M. Cronin, a senior director at the Center for a New American Security, a Washington think tank, said in an email. Chinese officials played down the significance of the Liaoning’s journey, saying the ships were taking part in annual training exercises. “The Liaoning aircraft carrier is entitled to the freedom of navigation and overflight under international law,” Hua Chunying, a spokeswoman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said at a news conference on Monday. “We hope that all parties will respect this. ” Officials in Taiwan and Japan said that the warships were spotted patrolling their coasts over the past several days. Taiwanese officials said the Liaoning came within 90 nautical miles of the southern tip of the island before entering the South China Sea. Japanese officials said the ships were seen near the shores of Okinawa, in the Pacific Ocean. Many people in China cheered the deployment of the Liaoning, a discarded vessel bought from Ukraine in 1998 and refurbished by the Chinese Navy. While the Liaoning lacks the capabilities of its American counterparts, it is a symbol of national pride for the government, which is in the midst of an effort to vastly upgrade its military capacity to meet its ambition of projecting strength far from Beijing. Officials have announced plans for a second aircraft carrier and other   weapons. Some commentators in China seized the moment to call on officials to send the Liaoning closer to American shores. “Aircraft carriers are strategic tools which should be used to show China’s strength to the world and shape the outside world’s attitude toward China,” an editorial in Global Times, a   newspaper that often adopts a nationalistic tone, said on Sunday. “As China’s only aircraft carrier fleet now, it should have the ability and courage to sail further. ” The Department of Defense declined to directly address China’s movements in the South China Sea. “We continue to observe a range of ongoing Chinese military activity in the region,” Cmdr. Gary Ross, a spokesman for the Pentagon, said in a statement on Tuesday. “The United States recognizes the rights, freedoms and lawful uses of the sea and airspace guaranteed to all countries in accordance with international law. ” In Taiwan, officials called for caution. Many residents worry that China is seeking to punish Taiwan for Mr. Trump’s actions. He surprised officials in Beijing when he took a call from President Tsai   of Taiwan, breaking from decades of diplomatic practice. More recently, he suggested he might abandon the One China principle, prompting sharp rebukes from Beijing. In a speech on Tuesday, Taiwan’s defense minister, Feng   spoke about the dangers facing the island and urged more training for Taiwanese soldiers. “The threat of our enemies is growing day by day,” he said, according to Reuters. As China looks to expand its power in the South China Sea, some experts argue that it risks antagonizing nearby countries, potentially pushing them to form stronger alliances with the United States. “As China’s military power grows, the fear is that so, too, will its appetite for regional hegemony,” said Mr. Cronin of the Center for a New American Security. “Thus China’s coercion will impose yet new costs on Beijing. ” Still, others note China’s ability to win allies in the region through its economic might, and they point to the shifting allegiances of countries like the Philippines, an American ally that has warmed up to Beijing in recent months. Xu Guangyu, a retired major general in the People’s Liberation Army, said China’s decision to deploy aircraft carriers in faraway waters and to expand its military were natural developments for a country of China’s stature. “People in other countries should rest assured that China will not interfere in other country’s affairs like the U. S.,” he said.",0
5200,"GOP Sen Lee: I’m ’Frustrated’ by ’Lack of Transparency’ In GOP Healthcare Bill, ’Small Handful’ of Leadership Staffers Writing It - Breitbart","In a Facebook video Senator Mike Lee ( ) said that even though he’s a part of the Senate’s healthcare working group, he hasn’t seen the healthcare bill the Senate is working on, and it has become clear that the bill isn’t being written by the group, but rather it’s being written by staffers of the Senate’s GOP leadership.  Lee said he hasn’t seen the bill, “even though I’ve been a member of this working group among Senate Republicans assigned to help narrow the focus of some of this. I haven’t seen the bill. And it has become increasingly apparent in the last few days that, even though we thought we were going to be in charge of writing a bill within this working group, it’s not being written by us. It’s apparently being written by a small handful of staffers for members of the Republican leadership in the Senate. ” He added, “So, if you’re frustrated by the lack of transparency in this process, I share your frustration. I share it wholeheartedly. The American people need and deserve to be able to see legislation as it moves through the Senate. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
5201,Homeless Trump Supporter Posts As GUARD For Trump’s Hollywood Star- Liberals LOSE IT!,"0 comments 
WOW! Liberals can’t even let a down and out homeless person have their own opinion either!? What bullies! This homeless black woman took takes up guard for Trump’s hollywood star that got destroyed by a CRAZY liberal the other day, and now liberals are all up in her grill trying to tell her why she’s wrong to do so. 
How dare they right? After they are done shouting at her about how wrong she is…they get to go home to warmth and food. While she remains in the streets…they need back off! She has a right to believe what she wants to. 
What the libs REALLY didn’t take well to…was her signs, she was very real about how she felt about Obama and his treatment of black people specifically and Americans in general! Homeless Trump supporter guards @realDonaldTrump 's star on Hollywood Blvd. against all SJWs. #BasedSentinel #MAGA3X https://t.co/BjGcFO0du5 ? pic.twitter.com/K28OktL6r8",0
5202,Re: Early Voting Results In Key Battleground States Appear To Favor Donald Trump,"Early Voting Results In Key Battleground States Appear To Favor Donald Trump   7th, 2016 
If you want Donald Trump   then you have got to be encouraged by what you are seeing so far. Early voting has already been going on in a number of the most important battleground states, and up to this point the numbers seem to support the theory   doing significantly better in key swing states than Mitt Romney did in 2012. As you will see below, the latest numbers released by Florida, North Carolina, Colorado and Arizona all have good news for the Trump campaign. Without a doubt, I still have an   happen tomorrow night, but so far at least there are some encouraging signs. 
Florida 
Early voting has become extremely popular in Florida, and at this point close to half of all voters in the state have already cast their ballots . 
Donald Trump cannot win the election without Florida’s 29 electoral votes, and so to say that this is a “must win” for the Trump campaign would be a massive understatement. 
Fortunately, the Trump campaign appears to be doing much better in Florida than the Romney campaign did in 2012. The following comes from Politico … 
Florida Democrats increased their lead over Republicans in casting pre-Election Day ballots to nearly 33,000 as of Sunday morning, but the sheer number of new voters and independents makes it tougher than ever for experts to say whether Hillary Clinton has a clear advantage over Donald Trump in the nation’s biggest battleground state. 
Of the record 6.1 million in-person early votes and absentee ballots cast, Democrats have an advantage over Republicans of only 0.5 percentage points, with each party casting roughly 39 percent of the ballots. Though it’s a lead for Democrats, they’re not going to match their 3.7-percentage-point lead in early votes by Election Day they enjoyed in 2012. And Republicans tend to outvote Democrats on Election Day in Florida. 
On Monday, updated numbers for Florida were released, and we found out that the Democrats had increased their lead to about 87,000 votes. But Trump is still doing much better than Romney was at this stage. 
And the Trump campaign also has to be happy about the fact that first-time voters account for 25 percent of all the votes cast so far. Throughout this election cycle Trump has shown that he can bring out people that have never voted before, and so officials in the Trump campaign have to be smiling about this. 
However, one sign of trouble for the Trump campaign is the fact that there has been a 100 percent increase in early voting by Hispanics in Florida compared to 2012, and this appears to be fueled by dislike for Trump. The following comes from the Miami Herald … 
Through Saturday, 565,000 Hispanics had completed early in-person voting in Florida, a 100 percent increase over 2012, according to an analysis by Dan Smith, a University of Florida political science professor who tracks voting data. 
Including absentee ballots, 911,000 Hispanics have voted — more than a third of whom did not vote in 2012. “We’re witnessing explosive early voting turnout of Hispanics — both those newly registered to vote as well as those who sat on the sidelines in 2012,” Smith said. 
As discussed above, Republicans tend to outvote Democrats on Election Day in Florida, so the key for the Trump campaign will be to have the same kind of Election Day turnout that the Romney campaign had in 2012. 
If Trump wins Florida, he will have a legitimate shot at winning the election, but if he loses the state it will be virtually impossible for him to make up those 29 electoral votes elsewhere on the map. 
North Carolina 
Another state that the Trump campaign desperately needs is North Carolina. Mitt Romney won this state back in 2012, and according to the Drudge Report the Trump campaign is doing even better than the Romney campaign did during early voting… 
Another dramatic turn of events is being reported out of North Carolina this afternoon: Donald Trump has jumped past all expectations in early voting! 
In 2012, Romney hit Election Day down 447,000 votes, based on early ballots. He went on to win the state by 97,000 votes. 
Now, the DRUDGE REPORT can reveal, Trump opens Election Day down 305,000! 
North Carolina is another of the key battleground states that is going to help decide the election. While not as important as Florida, the truth is that Donald Trump pretty much has to have it to have a legitimate shot. 
Colorado 
All along, most of the pundits have pretty much assumed that Hillary Clinton was going to win Colorado. 
Unfortunately for her, the Denver Post is reporting that the number of Republicans that have voted so far exceeds the number of Democrats that have voted… 
Republicans took the lead in early voting in Colorado   Friday and held the advantage through the weekend despite robust Democratic get-out-the-vote efforts. 
The latest early voting numbers released Monday morning show registered Republicans cast 652,380 ballots compared to 645,020 registered Democrats — a 7,360 vote GOP advantage. The breakdown looks like this: 35.2 percent Republican, 34.8 percent Democrat and 28.5 percent unaffiliated. 
If Donald Trump could find a way to actually win Colorado, that would definitely lessen the pressure of having to win Nevada where he is not doing nearly as well so far. 
Arizona 
The state of Arizona used to be considered “deep red” territory, but during this election cycle it has been considered a battleground state. 
Fortunately for Trump the poll numbers in Arizona have shifted in his direction in recent days, and the early numbers coming out of the state look very good for him … 
The Republican lead in absentee ballots returned is 95,000. Bill Dunn, the party’s director of early and absentee voting, said Republicans lead with 36.5 percent of absentee ballots requested but have an even greater advantage in absentee ballots returned, at 40 percent of the total. 
In the waning days of the campaign Donald Trump has been criss-crossing the country, and he continues to draw absolutely enormous crowds. Conservative voters are far more enthusiastic about Trump than they were about Romney, but will it be enough? The scene here in Sterling Heights, Michigan just before Trump’s next rally pic.twitter.com/1OxuTNeXuN 
— Jill Colvin (@colvinj) November 7, 2016 
Some Republican strategists are convinced that it will not be enough. In fact, one of them told CNN that he believes   going to win by “an electoral landslide”… 
Hillary Clinton will win in an electoral landslide on Tuesday, but the political baggage she has accumulated over the past year-and-a-half will dissuade congressional Republicans from working with her administration, says longtime Republican political strategist John Weaver. 
“I believe she’s going to win in an electoral landslide and be the most unpopular president in electoral history, which is quite the paradox,” Weaver told David Axelrod on “The Axe Files” podcast, produced by the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN. 
And ultimately it could be the establishment Republicans and the “never-Trumpers” that make the difference and deliver the election to Hillary Clinton. If you can believe it, some establishment Republicans are actually publicly announcing that they have voted for Hillary Clinton and are encouraging others to do the same. 
If they can get just five percent of Republicans to follow them, they could completely alter the outcome of the election. So let us hope that does not happen. 
On a positive note, on Monday we learned that Hillary Clinton has canceled her celebratory fireworks for Tuesday night. No reason was given for why the fireworks were canceled, but many are taking this as a sign that the Clinton campaign may not be as optimistic as they were previously. 
In any event, we don’t have long to wait now until we find out who wins and who loses. 
If you want Donald Trump to win, please go vote, because America may never be faced with this kind of a choice again. 
I am absolutely convinced that this is a pivotal moment in American history, and on Tuesday night we find out what happens. 
May God have mercy on the late, great United States of America. November 7th, 2016 | Tags: 2016 Election , Arizona , Colorado , Debts , Donald Trump , Election , Florida , North Carolina , Pain , Trump | Category: Commentary",0
5203,"Revisiting 1917, a Year That Reverberates for Jews Around the World - The New York Times","PHILADELPHIA  —   Sometimes an exhibition, planned years in advance, arrives at a moment that makes it seem remarkably prescient. That is true of a show opening on March 17 at the National Museum of American Jewish History in Philadelphia and later this year at the American Jewish Historical Society in New York. Organized by the two institutions, which are collaborating on an exhibition for the first time, “1917: How One Year Changed the World” focuses on three historic events and their major impact on Jews around the world: America’s entry into World War I, the Bolshevik Revolution in Russia and the Balfour Declaration. The war and the revolution resulted in strict limits on immigration to the United States, reflecting a fear among Americans that unrest in Europe would spread to their country. The restrictions were not overtly aimed at Jews, but because the quotas from countries with high Jewish populations were tightened, fewer Jews were able to settle in the United States. The Balfour Declaration, meanwhile, expressed Britain’s support for a Jewish home in Palestine. The exhibition will include 130 objects, including documents, photographs and war artifacts, that are likely to resonate with visitors as President Trump aggressively seeks to tighten borders and restrict immigration. Among the items is an undated cartoon from the era that portrays a man standing in front of a wall that bears the words “Immigration Restriction. ” He is wearing a coat emblazoned with the word “Congress,” while a banner behind him says “Alien Undesirables. ” It was in 1917 that Congress began taking steps to impose new immigration quotas, an effort that led to the restrictive 1924   Act. Josh Perelman, chief curator and director of exhibitions and collections at the Philadelphia museum, described the chilling effect that World War I had on immigration. “The war was most significant because it created an environment in which a powerful group  —   government, culture and academia  —   were wary of the tribulations of Europe and scared that the immigrants would bring these people to our shores,” Dr. Perelman said in an interview, surrounded by some of the objects in the show. “After the revolution, when the Bolsheviks came to power, and the xenophobia coalesced together and had the power to influence, that fear accelerated. ” The exhibition is also a strong reminder of the number of Jews who fought for the United States during World War I. An estimated 3. 4 million were living in the country during the war years, and 250, 000 joined the military, according to the American Jewish Committee’s Office of Jewish War Records. One, Sgt. William Shemin, was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor by President Barack Obama in 2015  —   97 years after his heroism during the war. He had repeatedly left the safety of his platoon’s trench to recover wounded soldiers. Jewish organizations had long lobbied for the medal on his behalf, contending that his feats had been wrongly overlooked. Visitors will be able to see Sergeant Shemin’s medal, as well as his helmet and other war gear. As the United States was entering the war, there were concerns among Jews over the persecution of those still in Russia and Eastern Europe. One piece of evidence on display is a letter from the philanthropist Julius Rosenwald to Louis Marshall, chairman of the American Jewish Relief Committee, offering to give $1 million if the committee could raise $10 million to help Jews in “belligerent lands. ” A telegram from President Woodrow Wilson said the gift “serves democracy. ” “It is to America that these starving millions look for aid,” he wrote. ”Out of our prosperity” and “free institutions should spring a vast and ennobling generosity,” he added. Not all Jewish immigrants viewed the United States as a safe haven. A handful of documents highlight the   story of Boris Reinstein, who came from Russia and made a career as a druggist in Buffalo. His 1917 application for a passport is on display, as is his 1923 renunciation of his United States citizenship. Mr. Reinstein was a true believer in the Bolshevik Revolution and the Soviet ideology and left his wife, Anna, to return to Russia, where he worked in the Library of the Marx, Lenin and Engels Institute. For Dr. Perelman and Rachel Lithgow, executive director of the American Jewish Historical Society, one gratifying coup was the loan of two draft versions of the Balfour Declaration from the financier Martin Franklin, who acquired them from Sotheby’s in 2005 as part of the archive of Leon Simon. Mr. Simon, later Sir Simon, a   Jew who become director of Britain’s General Post Office, shared the views of Chaim Weizmann, who was part of the Zionist Commission that worked on the draft of the declaration. Mr. Simon’s handwriting is on the original draft, which has never before been exhibited in the United States. It was written on the stationery of the Imperial Hotel in Russell Square in London. “This was the text that was forwarded to Lord Balfour and was used as the basis of the Balfour Declaration,” Dr. Perelman said. Arthur James Balfour, for whom the declaration is named, was Britain’s foreign secretary. The final declaration, in the form of a letter dated Nov. 2, 1917, was sent to one of Britain’s most distinguished Jewish citizens, Baron Lionel Walter Rothschild. Ultimately, it said, in part: “His Majesty’s government view with favor the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people, and will use their best endeavors to facilitate the achievement of this object. ” The document also added that “nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing   communities in Palestine. ” Explaining his purchase of the document, Mr. Franklin said: “I bought it for two reasons: one, it is probably the most important document in the creation of the state of Israel. And second, my great   was the first high commissioner”: Lord Herbert Samuel, who arrived in Palestine in 1920. ”So I thought maybe we should keep it in the family. ”",0
5204,G.O.P.’s Moneyed Class Finds Its Place in New Trump World - The New York Times,"CLEVELAND  —   In his unlikely rise to the Republican nomination Donald J. Trump attacked lobbyists, disparaged big donors and railed against the party’s establishment. But on the shores of Lake Erie this week, beyond the glare of television cameras, the power of the permanent political class seemed virtually undisturbed. Though Mr. Trump promises to topple Washington’s “rigged system,” the opening rounds of his party’s quadrennial meeting accentuated a more enduring maxim: Money always adapts to power. At a downtown barbecue joint, lobbyists cheerfully passed out stickers reading “Make Lobbying Great Again” as they schmoozed on Monday with Republican ambassadors, lawmakers and executives. At a windowless bar tucked behind the   hotel, whose rooms were set aside for the party’s most generous benefactors, allies of Mr. Trump pitched a clutch of receptive party donors on contributing to a   “super PAC. ” And on Tuesday night, as Republican delegates formally made Mr. Trump their   presidential nominee, a few dozen lobbyists and their clients instead sipped gin and munched on Brie puffs in an   room at the Union Club. They had come to witness a more urgent presentation: Newt Gingrich, a top Trump adviser and Beltway fixture, painting an upbeat picture of the deals they could help sculpt on infrastructure projects and military spending in the first hundred days of a Trump administration. “It is the business of Washington,” said Michael J. Anderson, a Democratic lobbyist who represents American Indian tribes, after watching Mr. Gingrich speak. “Mr. Trump is talking about changing the paradigm. It’s not changing one bit. The political and influence class is going on as before. ” In Cleveland, even some of those who had worked against Mr. Trump’s candidacy now saw opportunity. In dozens of private receptions, behind a scrim of barricades and police officers, they inspected their party’s new Trump faction with curiosity and hope. There were spheres of influence to carve out. There was money to raise and money to be made, whether or not Mr. Trump ended up in the White House. There were new friends to make and old relationships to nurture. “This is an event like no other  —   there are governors, senators, members of Congress,” said Eric J. Tanenblatt, a longtime ally of the Bush family whose law firm, Dentons, hosted Mr. Gingrich’s remarks on Tuesday. “For people who operate in and around government, you can’t not be here. ” And so, far above the din of protesters and delegates, on the 49th floor of the Key Tower, Squire Patton Boggs, a lobbying and legal powerhouse, held packed receptions honoring Ohio and Florida officials. Not far away, Mike Leavitt, the former Utah governor turned consultant for pharmaceutical companies and health insurers, was slated to lead a panel on policies to spur the development of prescription drugs. As Speaker Paul D. Ryan helped tamp down   efforts on the convention floor, his political operation ran a daily series of receptions and hospitality lounges for members of the “Speaker’s Council,” the top donors to House Republicans. “You have these two worlds colliding a little bit here,” said David Tamasi, a lobbyist at the firm Rasky Baerlein and a top Republican   on K Street, who joined Mr. Trump’s team after his preferred candidate, Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, went down to defeat. “That’s what’s going to be interesting: How do the establishment guys make those folks feel at home?” They are doing so, in part, by footing the bill. While some of the party’s elite donors have shunned Mr. Trump’s coronation this week, they are still paying for it. Roughly 500 wealthy Republicans poured close to $16 million into the Republican National Committee’s convention account leading up to this week, according to disclosures made to the Federal Election Commission through last Friday. The biggest donors, giving more than $100, 000 each, are also a veritable roll call of the   movement, among them the billionaire investor Paul E. Singer and Marlene Ricketts, who bankrolled early efforts to deny Mr. Trump the nomination. Mr. Singer did not attend, though his political advisers made the rounds in Cleveland, as did representatives for other megadonors who remain opposed to Mr. Trump. And there were growing signs that at least some of the party’s biggest givers were warming to him:   of Monday’s super PAC reception at the   included Harold Hamm, a billionaire oil tycoon and former energy adviser to Mitt Romney, and Stanley Hubbard, a Minnesota television station owner and prominent donor. Among the guests was Foster Friess, the   mutual fund investor and super PAC donor, who expressed optimism at his party’s prospects. “I think it could be a landslide,” Mr. Friess said in an interview. “Donald Trump has the ability to reach all the plumbers and carpenters and factory workers who usually vote Democratic. ” Mr. Trump, of course, remains unpopular among many Republican donors, and it is unclear how many will ultimately open their wallets to help fund his campaign. Some events were more sparsely attended than they would have been four years ago, Republicans said. It was a little easier to get tickets to concerts in Cleveland, a little easier to get bumped up to the premium hotel rooms. And there is no question that Mr. Trump’s blasts against unfettered trade and Wall Street banks have unsettled powerful business interests  —   and are now, to some extent, reflected in the party’s own DNA. In recent days, Trump activists have helped install new planks in the party platform calling for tougher trade negotiations and for reinstating the   Act, the   law that walled commercial banking off from investment banking. Yet those same power brokers won a more consequential victory even before the convention started, when Mr. Trump’s team helped them quash a rule proposed by some conservative delegates that would have banned lobbyists from serving as Republican National Committee members. The proposal by supporters of Senator Ted Cruz of Texas pitted Tea Party conservatives against the party’s business wing the conservative delegates were soundly defeated. “It is disappointing,” said Mary Anne Kinney, a New Hampshire state representative and Cruz delegate, who was among those who pushed for the ban. “Some of us had heard things that maybe Donald Trump was not a fan of the lobbyists. They are not always for the interest of the people. ” In fact, many of them are for the interests of Mr. Trump, at least this week. Among the floor whips prowling the convention floor in Cleveland in neon yellow baseball caps, managing and corralling delegates, were a number of volunteers from Washington government affairs firms or Capitol Hill. Many had supported other candidates during the primary. Now they were working for their party’s nominee. One of them was Robert Hoffman, a Republican lobbyist at Heather Podesta and Partners. Earlier in the week, the firm hosted a barbecue brunch for friends and delegates, where Mr. Hoffman and his colleagues handed out “Make Lobbying Great Again” stickers. Mr. Hoffman seemed to see Mr. Trump’s policy agenda more in terms of possibilities than threats. The convention, he noted, was a chance to learn more about Mr. Trump’s   plans, and perhaps to help shape them. “We want to be a sounding board,” Mr. Hoffman said. “Not just for our clients, but for our campaign. ”",0
5205,The Trump-Like Figures Popping Up in Central Europe - The New York Times,"WARSAW  —   Political outsiders across Central Europe, preaching a populist message and promising to overturn the establishment, have felt the wind at their backs since the election of the new American president. We recently profiled one of them, Veselin Mareshki of Bulgaria, who says he sees himself as “an   candidate like Donald Trump. ” Many others embrace the connection, too, whether it is their backgrounds in business, their bombastic personalities, or their canny use of celebrity and social media. Andrej Babis, 62, Czech Republic Undoubtedly the      in Central Europe, Mr. Babis transformed an agribusiness conglomerate into a diversified corporate behemoth that includes major media properties. In 2011, he formed his own party, ANO, and promised to bring business sense to government on an anticorruption platform. The party did so well in parliamentary elections that Mr. Babis was named finance minister. He is widely considered the likeliest next prime minister. He has rejected comparisons with President Trump, whom he criticized as a poor businessman. But he has also added that he and the new American president share an aversion to immigration and a tendency to say politically incorrect things. Boris Kollar, 51, Slovakia  Mr. Kollar, a wealthy businessman, formed his own political party last year  —   Sme Rodina, or “We Are Family”  —   and shocked the Slovak establishment by earning 11 seats in the country’s   National Council on a platform of libertarian economics,   and fierce opposition to more immigration. His slogan: “Trust me, I’m not a politician. ” A   tabloid figure and media celebrity, Mr. Kollar has 10 children from nine different mothers. Bogoljub Karic, 63, Serbia Mr. Karic, along with three brothers and a sister, built a family business empire that has expanded to telecommunications, construction, finance, media and international trade. He also started the private BK University. But his initial foray into politics ended with his fleeing into exile in 2006, under investigation by Serbia’s chief organized crime prosecutor, which he characterized as politically motivated. Mr. Karic returned to Serbia on Dec. 30, just days after the prosecutor ended the investigation without charges. Mr. Karic denies he will run for president in the coming elections, but notes that his party, the Strength of Serbia Movement, recruited 60, 000 new members since his return from exile. Aivars Lembergs, 63, Latvia  The extent of Mr. Lembergs’s wealth, and its source, are fairly vague, but he has used his business and political acumen to remain the mayor and chief political force in the seaport of Ventspils, an office he has held since 1988, the year before communism fell. Flamboyant, outspoken and a familiar figure in Latvian media, Mr. Lembergs made his fortune in the tumultuous years after the transition to capitalism. His politics are populist. He refers to NATO as “an occupying force. ” And he remains the leading figure in a coalition between his party and the Union of Greens and Farmers, a   conglomeration of environmental activists and conservative farm groups. He has faced repeated charges of corruption, money laundering, bribery and abuse of office. Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga owns two auto dealerships and is an avid blogger who created his own political party, named after himself. He is infamous for his blunt, and sometimes vulgar, language and for epic YouTube rants against “Zionists,” tax officials and Polish leaders. He opposes any fresh influx of migrants, whom he refers to using an American racist epithet. He is best known in Poland for having leaked a series of top secret documents from Poland’s Agency of Internal Security, resulting in the resignation of several ministers under the previous government. How he came to possess the documents has never been explained, though he insisted that he stumbled across them on a Chinese internet server. His Stonoga Polish Party collapsed after performing poorly in parliamentary elections, and he now channels his efforts through an online journal (also named after himself). Ivan Pernar, 31, Croatia Relatively young and still on the edges of Croatian politics, Mr. Pernar invites comparison with President Trump not for his background in business but for his position as a political outsider who uses social media and   attacks on opponents. He first came to public attention by using Facebook to organize a series of antigovernment protests in 2011 and seemed regularly at odds with political decorum. He was once scolded for eating pizza on the floor of Parliament. Mr. Pernar’s populist message is decidedly   and   but also includes some attitudes from the conspiratorial fringe, including dire warnings about the pernicious influence of Freemasons. Mr. Pernar was recently removed from the floor of Parliament for interrupting proceedings with random   Union diatribes.",0
5206,"Soros blames recent hate crimes on Trump, pledges $10M for opposition","11.23.2016 @8:08 PM EST Soros funds anti-Trump army of liberals to fight hate crime 
WASHINGTON D.C. ( INTELLIHUB ) — Billionaire George Soros just pledged $10 million in funding to liberal groups in opposition of what Soros says are ‘deeply troubling hate crimes perpetuated by the President-elect Donald Trump.’ 
Soros’ Open Society Foundations plans to launch next week with half of the funding pledged for starters after the Southern Poverty Law Center was flooded with reports of hate and violence. 
In New York Gov, Andrew Cuomo said that the New York Police Department will be rolling out a new domestic police unit that will be responsible for enforcing hate crimes. 
#policestate   Norway UN/Flickr",0
5207,Sports Writer Claims NC Bathroom Law Contributed to Duke’s Loss to South Carolina in NCAA Tournament - Breitbart,"Don’t let your lying eyes deceive you that the stunning   second half scoring assault by the South Carolina Gamecocks against the ACC champion Duke University was the reason for their win on Sunday. [Sports writer Ty Duffy at The Big Lead suggests that North Carolina’s bathroom laws ultimately brought down the Blue Devils during the second round of the NCAA tournament on Sunday.  USC picked up their first NCAA win since 1973 on Friday, and overcame a dismal first half against Duke to win    NCAA tournament games for the first time in the university’s history. The win eliminated any hopes for coach Mike Krzyzewski to lead the Blue Devils to their sixth NCAA tournament championship. Initially, Sunday’s round was slated to be played in Greensboro, North Carolina, but the NCAA changed venues to Greenville, South Carolina, to protest the Tar Heel state’s bathroom privacy law. The law, otherwise known as HB2, mandates people to use bathrooms in government buildings and state universities that correspond with the biological gender in which they were born. Duffy argues that the original venue in Greensboro, only an hour away from Duke University, would have made the game more of a home game for the Blue Devils. As it turned out the game being played in Greenville effectively made it a home game for the Gamecocks and gave them an advantage. “We can’t say whether a change in venue would have altered the result. Duke provided its fair share of disappointment this season. But, it certainly compounded Duke’s difficulty,” The Big Lead author penned. The NCAA notified North Carolina in February that the state could be banned from hosting the NCAA tournament for five more years.",0
5208,"Trump Responds to Louvre Attack in Paris, Urging U.S. to ‘Get Smart’ - The New York Times","■ President Trump responded to the failed attack in Paris with his trademark understatement. Europe is not amused. ■ The “Bowling Green massacre” that Kellyanne Conway lamented never happened, but it has triggered another   battle. ■ The president’s phone manners apparently have not changed. This time he used them on Uber’s chief executive. A soldier shot and wounded a man wielding a machete near the Louvre museum in Paris, prompting French authorities to open a terrorism investigation. The president of the United States responded: It is difficult to divine Mr. Trump’s thinking at times, but safe to say “get smart” in this case most likely means accepting his policies. For their part, Europeans aren’t taking well to the new American president. President François Hollande of France, in a defense of the European Union that Mr. Trump has disparaged, said on Friday that European countries that wanted to forge bilateral ties with the United States had to “understand that there is no future with Trump if it is not defined in common. ” Then there are the Germans: When Kellyanne Conway, the White House senior adviser, cited the “Bowling Green massacre” to justify President Trump’s halt to visas from seven predominantly Muslim countries, America was left scratching its collective head. And social media lit up with delight over the “massacre” that time forgot. This has not sat well with Ms. Conway, who after all did have a small kernel of truth to back her up, though no killings happened in Bowling Green, Ky. and a “massacre” does not appear to have ever occurred anywhere. In 2013, the State Department imposed a   freeze on processing Iraqi refugees after two Qaeda members were discovered in Iraq setting roadside bombs targeting American troops. They had been admitted to the United States in 2009 and lived in Bowling Green before they returned to Iraq. The fingerprint that nailed them was on a cellphone detonator tied to a bomb that had not exploded. So “massacre”? No. In Bowling Green? No. Refugees? Well, yes, sort of. Ms. Conway now says she misspoke. But things got really hot when a Clinton jumped into the fray  —   Chelsea Clinton. Which only stoked old campaign feuds, and a reminder of the exaggerated claim from Hillary Clinton that, as first lady, she once landed in   Bosnia under fire from hostile Serbs. It never ends. President Trump has taken some heat for his phone manners since it emerged that he pretty much chewed out Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia before hanging up on him. Apparently Mr. Trump is unrepentant. According to the new online newsletter Axios, Mr. Trump had an unpleasant conversation with the chief executive of Uber, Travis Kalanick, after the brash entrepreneur quit  the president’s business council in protest of his executive order banning some foreigners from entering the country. Some in Mr. Trump’s “inner circle” suggested that Mr. Kalanick was cutting off his access to the White House. Mr. Kalanick might be a little more concerned with all the smartphone users’ dropping their Uber app in favor of Lyft, a competitor that was first to protest Mr. Trump’s immigration policies. In an unusual early morning session, the Senate on Friday cleared an important procedural hurdle to approving Betsy DeVos, Mr. Trump’s nominee for education secretary, setting up a final,   confirmation vote next week. The Senate’s    vote along party lines to limit further debate on her nomination is deceptive. Two Republican senators, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, went along with the procedural vote, but they say they will oppose her on the final vote, expected on Tuesday. Callers have overwhelmed the Capitol’s phone system, many of them expressing angry opposition to Ms. DeVos’s nomination. Senators have heard from all manner of educators in their home states opposing her confirmation  —   and not just teachers’ unions. The opposition from Ms. Collins and Ms. Murkowski raises the prospects of a    tie that Vice President Mike Pence, as president of the Senate, would have to settle. After convening at 6:30 a. m. one of the earliest starts in recent memory, Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, urged his colleagues to take stock of their positions on Ms. DeVos’s nomination over the weekend. ”Sometimes loyalty to a president demands a bit too much,” he said on the floor. Why so early? Under Senate rules, a set amount of time had to elapse between the first procedural actions, which took place Wednesday afternoon, and Friday’s vote. Remember Russia? The country that intelligence officials believe interfered in the 2016 presidential election on Mr. Trump’s behalf? Two weeks into Mr. Trump’s presidency, talk of the foreign power’s apparent role has somewhat faded from view, at least temporarily, in the daily avalanche of White House exploits and misadventures. But Capitol Hill will have its say. Two senators are convening an investigation into Russia’s election interference, joining other efforts in Congress to examine what happened. Senators Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, and Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, said their investigation would focus on Russian interference both in the United States’ election and in other elections around the world. (Mr. Graham is the chairman and Mr. Whitehouse is the ranking member of a subcommittee of the Senate Judiciary Committee that is focused on crime and terrorism.) “Our goal is simple,” the senators said in a joint statement. “To the fullest extent possible we want to shine a light on Russian activities to undermine democracy. ” There are already multiple Senate committee examinations into Russia’s role, as well as an inquiry by the House. Dr. Harold N. Bornstein has been President Trump’s personal doctor for more than 35 years. He prescribed Mr. Trump the   drug that keeps the presidential mane flowing, and declared him the healthiest man to hold the highest office in the land. But for now, Mr. Trump will keep the same White House doctor who cared for Barack Obama, Ronny Jackson, a rear admiral in the Navy. The decision, first reported by the online medical journal Stat, raised the possibility that voters might actually get some reliable information on the health of their commander in chief. The meeting of   chief executives at the White House on Friday  —   people like Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase and Stephen A. Schwarzman of Blackstone  —   was supposed to prove the bona fides of the new,     . But Mr. Trump’s temporary ban on visas from seven predominantly Muslim countries has complicated the discussion considerably. Travis Kalanick, Uber’s chief executive, told employees he was dropping off Mr. Trump’s economic advisory council in protest of his immigration policies, given the number of immigrant Uber drivers. Bob Iger of Disney is not attending. And Elon Musk let it be known on Twitter that he would object to the ban to the president’s face.",0
5209,Petra Kvitova Leaves Hospital Vowing to Play Tennis Again - The New York Times,"PRAGUE  —   Petra Kvitova said she was determined to play tennis again, no matter what that required, after a   intruder attacked her inside her home. Kvitova, a   Wimbledon champion, was released from a hospital on Friday, three days after she had surgery for injuries sustained in the attack in the town of Prostejov. With a big bandage covering her left hand and forearm, Kvitova said she had been told by the surgeon who performed the operation on Tuesday in a special clinic in Vysoke nad Jizerou that her recovery was “looking good and without complications, as it should be. ” “I feel better day by day,” she told reporters in Prague. During a session on Thursday with the doctor, she said, “I was able to move the fingers on my left hand. ” She called that “the greatest Christmas present I could have wished for. ” Apparently in a good mood and smiling, Kvitova offered thanks for the support she had received from other players, fans, her family, team and doctors. “I never received so many messages in my life at a moment,” she said. “I really appreciate that. ” The WTA, on its official Twitter account, wished Kvitova “a speedy recovery. ” “We can’t wait to see you back on court again,” the Twitter post said. Kvitova, who plays tennis   had damage to the tendons in her left hand, along with injuries to all five fingers and two nerves. Doctors estimated it would take her about six months to return to tennis. Kvitova vowed to come back, sooner or later. “I don’t care about how much time it takes, if three months, six months or a year,” she said. “But that’s for sure I want to return one day, and I’ll do all I can to make that happen. I had no doubt about my return to the tennis circuit for a second. ” Kvitova won Wimbledon in 2011 and 2014. She reached a   ranking of No. 2 in 2011 and finished the 2016 season at No. 11. Kvitova did not take questions but said she did not want to look back and talk about the attack. The assailant was still at large. In April 1993, Monica Seles was at the height of her success when she was stabbed in the back during a changeover at a tournament in Hamburg, Germany. A man reached over a courtside railing and stabbed her, leaving an   slit between her shoulder blades. Seles returned to the game two years later and reached the 1995 United States Open final.",0
5210,Weed legalised in America because they f**king need it,"Weed legalised in America because they f**king need it 10-11-16 
MARIJUANA is now legal in 28 states of the US to help them through every difficult day of the next four years. 
The powerful drug, which helps users blot out reality and create imaginary utopian worlds, will be prescribed to Americans who voted for Hillary Clinton to help with their crushing despair. 
82-year-old Eleanor Shaw, who had hoped to see a woman president in her lifetime, said: “I am hitting the blunt tonight. Is that how you say it? 
“They say that you’re lost in a fog of confusion, have no idea what’s going on and eventually find it difficult to return to reality. Hell yeah. After yesterday, reality can get fucked.” Dr Tom Booker of Illinois said: “The potential side effects of prolonged marijuana use include delusions that the planet is run by the Illuminati working in collusion with large-eyed grey aliens with no genitals. “Under current circumstances, that would be most reassuring.” 
Share:",0
5211,"They Said What?!: Find Out What Magnus Carlsen, Kate Hudson, And Tom Hanks Have To Say","Ever wonder what’s on the mind of today’s most notable people? Well, don’t miss our unbelievable roundup of the best and most talked about quotes of the day: “ Just because the king is the tallest piece doesn’t mean it’s the tastiest. ” —Magnus Carlsen On stereotypes “ Sometimes if an ambulance is blaring its sirens behind me while I’m driving, I’ll think about swerving my car off the side of the road and smashing into a telephone pole to see if the paramedics will abandon the call they’re on to come and save me. ” —Kate Hudson On priorities “ Don’t talk to me before I’ve had my morning baby-coffee. That’s coffee but diluted so it’s weak enough for babies. I’m no baby—but I’d sure like to play one in a movie. ” —Tom Hanks",0
5212,"Watch: Chris Wallace Has Heated Exchange With Trump Attorney Jay Sekulow - ’Oh Boy, This Is Weird’ - Breitbart","On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” host Chris Wallace had a heated exchange with Jay Sekulow, who is member of President Donald Trump’s legal team.  Partial transcript as follows: WALLACE: I want to ask you a direct question, does the president think that Rod Rosenstein has done anything wrong? SEKULOW: The president has never said anything about Rod Rosenstein doing anything wrong. Here’s what  —   what is the legal situation here. There is a constitutional issue when you have this scenario. The president made a determination based on consult of advice. He decided ultimately. He’s the commander in chief. He gets to make that decision that James Comey had a go. That was coming, by the way, from groups right, left, and center over the last year. You  —   you and I know that. So there had been concern about James Comey. It was put forward in a memorandum  —   that’s what the president’s referencing  —   from the deputy attorney general and the attorney general requesting the removal of James Comey as the FBI director. And, ultimately, that’s the president’s determination. So here’s the constitutional threshold question, Chris. The president takes action based on numerous events, including recommendations from his attorney general and the deputy attorney general’s office. He takes the action that they also, by the way, recommended. And now he’s being investigated by the Department of Justice because the special counsel under the special counsel relations reports still to the Department of Justice. Not an independent counsel. So he’s being investigated for taking the action that the attorney general and deputy attorney general recommended him to take by the agency who recommended the termination. So that’s the constitutional threshold question here. That’s why, as I said, no investigation  —   WALLACE: Well, I  —   what  —   what  —   what’s the question (INAUDIBLE). I mean you  —   you stated  —   you stated some facts. First of all, you’ve now said that he is getting investigated after saying that you didn’t. SEKULOW: No. WALLACE: You  —   you just, sir, that he’s being  —   SEKULOW: No, he’s not being investigated! WALLACE: You just said that he’s being investigated. SEKULOW: No, Chris, I said that the  —   any  —   let me be crystal clear so you  —   you completely understand. We have not received nor are we aware of any investigation of the president of the United States, period. WALLACE: Sir, you just said two times that he’s being investigated. SEKULOW: No. The context of the tweet, I just gave you the legal theory, Chris, of how the Constitution works. If, in fact, it was correct that the president was being investigated, he would be investigating for taking action that an agency told him to take. So that is protected under the Constitution as his article one power. That’s all I said. So I appreciate you trying to rephrase it, but I’m just being really direct with you, Chris. This is  —   let me be  —   WALLACE: No, I  —   I  —   sir, I didn’t rephrase it. The tape will speak  —   Jay, the tape will speak for itself. You said he is being investigated. And it’s not that big  —   SEKULOW: Chris, he is  —   just  —   no, Chris  —   that’s (INAUDIBLE) unfair, Chris. WALLACE: Wait a minute  —   wait a minute. Jay, and it’s not  —   Jay, it’s not just being investigated for firing Comey. There’s also the question of what he said to Comey when Comey was still the FBI director. So there’s more than just the fact that he fired Comey. SEKULOW: He  —   Chirrs, let me be clear, you asked me a question about what the president’s tweet was regarding the deputy attorney general of the United States. That’s what you asked me. And I responded to what that legal theory would be. So I do not appreciate you putting words in my mouth when I’ve been crystal clear that the president is not and has not been under investigation. I don’t think I can be any clearer than that. WALLACE: Well, you don’t know that he’s not under investigation again, sir. I mean you might  —   SEKULOW: You know, I can’t read the mind  —   you’re right, Chris, I can’t read the minds of the special prosecutor. WALLACE: Well, then, good, OK, so we’re in agreement, you don’t know whether he’s under  —   you don’t know whether he’s under investigation. SEKULOW: But I have not been notified. No one has been notified that he is. WALLACE: You don’t know whether he’s under investigation or not. SEKULOW: Chris, I  —   WALLACE: The question I’m asking you is, does he think that Rod Rosenstein  —   it’s a very simple question  —   does he think that Rod Rosenstein did anything wrong? SEKULOW: The president has not expressed any opinion about Rod Rosenstein. WALLACE: Does he think that Robert Mueller has done anything wrong? SEKULOW: First of all, he has not said anything about Robert Mueller. And, Chris, let me say something here. You’re asking me if I had a conversation, which I have not had, about Robert Mueller with the president of the United States on  —   or anyone else for that matter. I can’t discuss that and would that with you. Unlike James Comey, who leaks information to the press, I actually respect the   privilege. Apparently, he did not. WALLACE: Does the President believe  —   well, you’re speaking for his legal team, so you’re out here to represent him and tell us what the president’s belief is, is that correct? SEKULOW: No, I’m out here to tell you what the facts are and the legal issues are. I’m not to tell you what the beliefs are. I’m not the client’s conscience I’m his lawyer. WALLACE: I understand that and the  —   and the client  —   have you spoken the  —   have you spoken to the president at all? SEKULOW: Yes, but I’m not going to discuss those conversations with you. Those are privileged under the   privilege. WALLACE: Well, I assume that if he asked you to say something, for instance, Marc Kasowitz said all kinds of things about  —   after Comey’s testimony. I assumed he was speaking for the president, SEKULOW: Marc Kasowitz made a general statement to the press after the testimony of James Comey. That’s what that was about. This  —   you’re asking me now questions about what people are thinking in their minds, which I don’t read minds, and you’re asking me also what I may or may not have had a conversation with the president about and you understand this. I respect the   privilege, unlike James Comey. WALLACE: Does  —   SEKULOW: I want to be real clear on that too. I’m not going to give you conversations I’ve had with  —   have or have not had with the president of the United States. So when I’ve had conversations with the president of the United States  —   WALLACE: Well, I  —   your  —   SEKULOW: As his lawyer, it’s privileged, period. WALLACE: Does the president think that Rosenstein, because you talked about this constitutional theory that he took action, that’s on the advice  —   SEKULOW: Yes. WALLACE: Although he says he didn’t take it on the advice of Rosenstein, does he think that Rosenstein should recuse himself, and is healing the groundwork to fire Rosenstein and Mueller? SEKULOW: I’ve had no conversations, and I’ve heard nothing without that at all. Nothing. I think this  —   Chris, this points out  —   let me tell you one thing quickly about the constitutional theory, as you called it. It’s actually called the Constitution. You know, the president has certain (INAUDIBLE) authority under the Constitution. It’s  —   WALLACE: Well, you called it the constitutional theory, sir. SEKULOW: Yes, it is a constitutional theory based on the Constitution. WALLACE: I understand that. SEKULOW: Not  . It’s the constitutional theory. It’s part of the Constitution. The president has inherent authority. Here’s what you’re trying to  —   here’s what you’re trying to do, Chris, and I appreciate that you’re  —   you’re trying to push back. WALLACE: Well, now you’re reading minds again. Now you’re reading minds again. SEKULOW: No, Chris, I deal with fact and law. You were asking me to read people’s minds. That I don’t do. WALLACE: Well, don’t tell me what I’m trying to  —   well, don’t tell me what I’m trying to do because you don’t know what I’m trying to do. What I’m trying to get is a straight answer out of you. Let me ask you this  —   SEKULOW: Yes, well  —   sure. WALLACE: As a matter of law, does the President think that he can be indicted under the Constitution? SEKULOW: The president  —   I haven’t had that conversation with the president, but the president can’t be indicted under the Constitution of the activity alleged in something like this. Of course not. WALLACE: Why is that? SEKULOW: Because there’s not an investigation. And there’s  —   there’s no investigation against the president. WALLACE: Well, you don’t know whether there’s an investigation. Oh, boy, this is weird. You  —   you don’t know that there’s  —   whether there’s an investigation. You just told us that. SEKULOW: Chris, you’re asking me to speculate  —   so then what you’re asking me to do is to speculate on  —   WALLACE: And it would matter. I’m asking you as a matter of law, not whether there’s an investigation. Does the president think he can be indicted as president? SEKULOW: For  —   for  —   WALLACE: That’s a constitutional issue, isn’t it? SEKULOW: For obstruction of justice? No, the Constitution’s  —   WALLACE: No, for any of it. SEKULOW: Now, Chris, you know, let’s  —   let’s be realistic here. You know what the  —   the answer is. Can the president be indicted for obstruction? You know what the position has been at the Department of Justice since the 1970s and again stated in 2000. That’s not what President  —   that’s now how you engage a president. There’s a political process if somebody did something wrong. You’re talking about  —   you’re conflating a constitutional process, criminal law, with an issue of political consequence. So I am his lawyer. I’m not his political advisor. WALLACE: Senator Dianne Feinstein, a top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, responded to the president’s tweet this week with this statement. “The message the president is sending through his tweets is that he believes the rule of law doesn’t apply to him and that anyone who thinks otherwise will be fired. ” Is she wrong, sir? SEKULOW: Yes, she’s wrong. First of all, Dianne Feinstein also called for an investigation of James Comey and Loretta Lynch for that whole episode regarding her engagement and calling it a, quote, “matter,” not an “investigation. ” But with regard to this particular issue, I mean the tweet  —   there’s nothing illegal or inappropriate about the tweet. If the tweet came on the heels of a Washington Post story that had five anonymous sources and didn’t even identify the agency from which those sources came from, and that’s what he tweet in response to. It’s that simple, period. WALLACE: Final question, the president just  —   just added John Dowd, a   Washington lawyer, to his legal team. Should we expect him to hire other criminal lawyers? And, in a sense, is he preparing for a potential legal battle here? SEKULOW: Look, I mean John Dowd is  —   is a legal legend, you know that, in  —   in  —   in the  —   in Washington, D. C. and the president is doing the appropriate thing by hiring lawyers necessary, if there was to be an investigation, if there were to be an investigation, you have the lawyers in place. We’ve got a great legal team led by Marc Kasowitz. We’ve got John Dowd on the team. This is a solid team. Contrary to some of the press reports, a deep team, if necessary. WALLACE: Do you think  —   I  —   I  —   I misspoke. I’m going to ask one more question. Because I’m not allowed to ask you what the president thinks, do you think that he should stop  —   SEKULOW: Of course. WALLACE: Do you think he should stop tweeting about this case? SEKULOW: Look, I  —   here’s the thing on that. You know, people have been asking me that. Look, the president has changed the way in which engagement goes in  —   I mean you’ve got great ratings, no doubt about it, Chris. But let’s face it, the president speaks to 107 million people through his social media platforms. He revolutionized the election process by utilizing media in a different way. So I  —   I think, look, the president knows the effectiveness of social media. He’s been very effective at it. Again, I’m his lawyer, I deal with the issues. Nothing that he’s tweeted is causing me any issues whatsoever at this point. Nothing. WALLACE: Jay, thank you. Thanks for coming in. SEKULOW: Thanks, Chris. WALLACE: It’s always  —   it’s always interesting to talk to you. Please, come back, and we’ll  —   SEKULOW: Thanks, Chris. WALLACE: We’ll continue it and maybe this time we’ll get on this  —   you know what, be here in studio and we can stay on the same wavelength. SEKULOW: There we go. WALLACE: All right, sir  —   SEKULOW: Happy Father’s Day. WALLACE: Happy Father’s Day to you too, sir. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN ",0
5213,"Simone Biles Soars, Lifting Another Country With Her - The New York Times","BELIZE CITY, Belize  —   One o’clock arrived. Relatives gathered at a hotel bar to watch Olympic gymnastics on television. So did the first lady of Belize and 11 contestants in the coming Miss Belize pageant, wearing their sashes and carrying tiny flags. But where was Simone Biles? The women’s individual   competition had begun 4, 000 miles away on Thursday afternoon at the Rio Games. Biles, 19, was the heavy American favorite, but there was also anticipation in an unlikely place, the tiny Central American country of Belize, where she holds dual citizenship. Phone calls were made. Television channels were changed. Beauty contestants were perplexed. Still no live gymnastics. Finally, after 30 minutes, the live feed began on Caribbean television. Biles had already performed her vault routine, but the delayed start did not mute the ecstatic cheering that greeted her second gold medal at the Rio Games. There are big stories unfolding in Belize, including a Supreme Court ruling that affirmed gay rights and the cleanup from Hurricane Earl, which churned through last week. But interest in Biles also has resonated here, in the country’s economic capital, as evidenced everywhere from the prime minister’s residence to the shade of a local plum tree, painted purple and gold, where tour guides talk politics and play dominoes. “We are taking all the gold medals she is going to win,” Kim Simplis Barrow, 44, the first lady of Belize, said with a smile. Biles’s connection to Belize is as complex and ultimately elevating as the flips, jumps and windmill spins that have made her the best gymnast of her generation, perhaps ever. She was born in 1997 in Columbus, Ohio, to a mother who struggled with addiction to drugs and alcohol, and to a father who was not part of her life. In 2002, Biles’s birth mother lost custody of her four children, who were placed in foster care and faced the possibility of being scattered by adoption. Instead, Simone, then 6, and her younger sister Adria, then 4, were adopted in 2003 by their maternal grandfather, Ron Biles, and his second wife, Nellie Cayetano Biles, who is from a prominent Belizean family of teachers and nurses and government officials. (Nellie is not Simone’s biological grandmother Simone’s other two biological siblings were adopted by Ron’s older sister.) Before, Ron and Nellie were known to Simone and Adria as Grandpa and Grandma. Now they are Mom and Dad. Nellie’s mother, Evarista Cayetano, was a teacher and an owner of a grocery store. Her father, Silas Cayetano, also began his career as a teacher, then became an official in Belize’s fishing and agricultural cooperatives, and, later, a senator. The original family home, at 118 Neal Penn Road, was made of wood. The family lived upstairs and the store was downstairs. It was a gathering place, where Silas Cayetano held court on weekends, settling neighborhood disputes, telling jokes, spinning stories. “It was community central, especially on Saturdays, when the chickens were fresh,” said Opal Enriquez, a cousin of Simone’s and the director of the Miss Belize pageant. The Cayetano home had opened its doors to the nine Enriquez children, whose family came to Belize City from the southern town of Punta Gorda. Silas Cayetano had skipped high school, worked at a seminary and passed his teacher’s exam at age 19, relatives said. He encouraged his nieces and nephews, as he had his own four children, telling them that education was the most reliable way to escape poverty. “Our uncle set the bar high,” Enriquez said. “Failure was never an option. He embedded in our brains that we were destined for greatness. Simone listened. We weren’t afraid to dream. ” When Ron and Nellie Biles adopted Simone and Adria, they had two sons of their own who were about to graduate from high school and leave for college. The couple wanted to travel. It would not be easy raising two young girls. But the girls needed parents, and adopting them was a “no brainer,” said Nellie, 61. “When you grow up, I firmly believe that you see what goes on in the family, what your father and mother do,” she said. “And you tend to mimic what you see. It’s innate. It wasn’t even a question. ” The extended Biles family is watching Simone compete at the Olympics across two continents and four time zones. Ron and Nellie and a dozen other relatives are in Rio. Others are in Spring, Tex. north of Houston, where the Bileses live and own a gymnastics center. Still more are scattered in Belize, New York, Los Angeles, Chicago. “We’re trying to put Belize on the map as much as we can,” Nellie, a retired nurse, said. “Simone is competing for the U. S. and we’re not taking any credit away from that. But the fact that she has dual citizenship, I don’t see why we cannot celebrate her second country also. ” And Belize seems happy to celebrate Biles. Formerly known as British Honduras, it gained its independence only in 1981. Belize has never produced an Olympic champion since it began competing in the Summer Games in 1968. A small contingent of three athletes was sent to Rio to compete with modest ambitions in track and field and judo. During the 2000 Sydney Olympics, Belize did have a big moment, celebrating and claiming three gold medals won in sprinting by the American Marion Jones, whose mother was born here. After winning the 200 meters, Jones held up a Belizean flag. Its coat of arms features two woodcutters, one with light brown skin carrying an ax, the other darker skinned and holding an oar, who symbolize the country’s ethnic diversity, history of slavery and its mahogany industry. Jones’s gesture brought international attention to Belize and widely endeared her to its citizens. The country later named her a sports ambassador. Though Jones’s victories were nullified and her career disgraced by doping and a   scheme, which brought a prison sentence of six months, she remains popular and appreciated here. Belize’s national stadium, long being refurbished, is called the Marion Jones Sports Complex. Belize’s relationship with Simone Biles is less entrenched so far, but also less complicated. She is a bubbly teenager who has traveled here regularly to visit and to go fishing and snorkeling on vacation. Last summer, she attended the wedding of her brother here, posed for a newspaper photographer, and was spotted doing back flips off a pier. Upon arriving in Rio, she traded Olympic pins with a Belizean athlete. “Simone said, when she gets married, it’s going to be in Belize,” Nellie Biles said. Ron Biles paused as he sat on a sofa at a hotel near Rio’s Olympic Park on Monday, his 67th birthday. “It’s going to be a while longer,” he said as a group of relatives broke into laughter. “Another 16 years. ” As the Olympics approached, Simone was acknowledged by Belize’s ministry of youth and sports, interviewed on the popular Love FM radio, featured in the country’s   newspaper and followed widely on social media. “People are very excited, because she has Belizean parentage, she’s a great athlete and she acknowledges her Belizean roots,” Adele Ramos, the assistant editor of Amandala, Belize’s   newspaper, said of Biles. “She is the next best thing for us after Marion Jones. ” Yet some feel conflicted, not about Biles, but about the way Belize, in their view, does not fully support its homegrown athletes. Karen Vernon, the theater director of Belize’s Institute of Creative Arts and the mother of two of the country’s top cyclists, said she was happy for Biles but did not “like the fact that Belize is waiting for her to win to claim her. ” “We need to support our own athletes and artists,” Vernon said. “We have talent here. ” The Cayetano family was not athletic, Nellie Biles said the other day with a laugh, though her father did claim ornately to have been a gymnast and the source of Simone’s versatile skills. “Everybody knows that Nellie’s father was a comedian,” said Florita Avila, 59, a cousin of Simone’s. As a girl, Nellie Biles said she played tennis and did the hop, skip and jump. Ron, her husband, shook his head. “You played hopscotch,” he said. His wife did not play sports but watched them on television, Ron added, before correcting himself and saying, “You didn’t have a television. ” It is a true story, Nellie said. In 1973, at 18, she left Belize to attend nursing school at the University of the Incarnate Word in San Antonio. Until then, she said, she had never seen a television in person, used a phone or flown on a plane. “It was, needless to say, culture shock,” she said. In 1976, she met Ron, who was stationed at Randolph Air Force Base outside San Antonio. (He is retired from the military and from his career as an air traffic controller.) In 1977, they married, and they have the playful banter of a couple who has been together for 40 years. Was it love at first sight? “No, oh no,” Nellie Biles said. “It was his good luck. ” Ron replied, “She’s still here, isn’t she?” When the adoption of Simone and Adria, now 17, became official in November 2003, the Bileses returned home from meeting with a family judge outside Houston. Nellie told the girls that they could continue to call her and Ron Grandma and Grandpa, or they could call them Mom and Dad. Simone has said that she went upstairs, practiced in the mirror, then came down and said “Mom. ” Nellie remembers Simone running back upstairs, probably giggling because it seemed funny. It was Mom from then on. “I think these girls did more for us than we did for them,” Nellie Biles said. “Simone centralized us as a family. We come together and do things and go places because of Simone. ” While on a   field trip, Simone became interested in gymnastics. Her relatives in Belize remember her from those days as “little Simone,” a tiny girl in perpetual motion, a “spring chicken” and “a firecracker. ” And they say she came to possess the same discipline, insistence, confidence and expectation as Nellie, the eldest sibling in her own family, who with three partners came to own 14 nursing homes in Texas before selling them last year and turning her attention to operating a gymnastics center. “She is Nellie’s child all over,” said Felix Enriquez, 47, Opal’s brother, who is scheduled to become the second in command in Belize’s ministry of defense. “A fair but stern personality. Always demanding that things be done in a proper way. A very big thinker. She doesn’t think small. ” Ron and Nellie Biles have lived in their current home in Spring, Tex. for six years. Ron, a native of Cleveland, said he had never been in the pool until he jumped in when the Cavaliers won the N. B. A. title in June, the city’s first major championship since 1964. Would he jump in the Atlantic in Rio if Simone won gold in the women’s individual all around? “I’ll probably just cry,” he said. Nellie said she would watch nervously in the arena, grabbing someone to hold onto. Here, at the hotel bar, there was little tension, only clapping and cheering except for during Simone’s wobble on the balance beam. “I was panicking at that one,” Felix Enriquez said. Not to worry. Biles had a huge lead, which she secured on the floor exercise with elegance, strength and the stunning ability to land like a dart. “Oh my God!” Simplis Barrow, Belize’s first lady, said, putting her hands to her face, pumping her fists, and photo bombing a family picture. “Woooh. ” “She has inspired us all,” Simplis Barrow said. “No matter where you come from, you can succeed. It is all right there in that small package. ”",0
5214,The Clinton-Trump Election Is About Vaginas And Phony Scandals,"Monday, 31 October 2016 1/2 of The Political Circus Parade 
Henry Louis Mencken was an American journalist, satirist, cultural critic and scholar of American English. He is regarded as one of the most influential American writers and prose stylists of the first half of the twentieth century. He died in the 1950's. 
He keeps me awake at night by speaking to me about American politics and urges me to print his thoughts. In that sense, I am attempting to ""channel"" Menken but imperfectly. No one can equal his brilliant, acerbic take on the imperfections of the American political system and his contempt for ordinary voters politicians, and government employees. 
""""The American political system! It spawns an obvious lunatic by the name of Trump, and an obsessive compulsive secrecy -unimaginabed Clinton, who is a dangerous war hawk willing to risk world war III by challenging Russia in Syria! The American political system! A clown show of an election dominated by the grabbing of vaginas, penis pictures of Weiner's wiener, and trips down memory lane about Bill Clinton's cock,"" he tells me. 
He comments to me about the FBI's interference in the current election. 
""FBI director James Comey should be fired immediately by Attorney General Loretta Lynch or President Obama. He serves at their pleasure, they are his bosses. Comey is in violation of the Hatch Act. He was told by his superiors in the Justice Department not to discuss developments in the on going investigation of Hillary Clinton's e-mails 11 days for the Presidential election of 2016. It's crazy, Comey admits there is no evidence of any sort of a scandal,"" Menken tells me. 
""The Hatch Act says that that a federal employee may not use their position to influence the outcome of elections. His letter to congress, which of course was made public, casts suspicion on Clinton, although there are no specifics about supposed wrongdoing. Comey clearly knew that his actions could implicate Clinton by insinuation, ""Menken states. 
Menken says neither Obama nor Attorney General Lynch will fire Comey. ""If they did, that would subject them to vicious attacks from the right wing. Comey went public about investigating Clinton back in July. Why? Because he was under intense pressure by the right wing to prosecute her. No FBI Director had ever gone public about an ongoing investigation before. Comey weakly gave into Tea Party-alt.right influence then and has done it again. Both Obama and Lynch cowardly stood by and let Comey get away with violations of the Hatch Act."" 
""Obama! Such a hero to the liberals! He presides over I a country whose economic basis is oligarchy, whose political system is authoritarianism and spying on citizens, and whose political culture is murderous toward the rest of the world resulting in endless wars. Obama is now on pace to deport more people than the sum of all 19 presidents who governed the United States from 1892-2000! What a progressive!"" cries Menken. 
""But In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican. A plague upon both Democrats and Republicans. And democracy! Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance. Some 50 million of these enlightened will vote for a narcissistic meglomaniac in 2016! But Trump isn't crafty enough. Wait 'till someone more clever comes along and the U.S. will elect another Adolph Hitler,"" exclaims H.L. 
Having written this, Menken is silent inside my brain as I lie down and I can resume my slumber. 
"" Make Keith Shirey's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register , the thumbs are just down there!)",0
5215,New Poll Shows Americans Think the Media is a Much Greater Threat to Election Than Russian Hackers,"at 4:13 pm Leave a comment 
These are some pretty damning results for the mainstream media. Not only does the America public seen the media as a bigger threat to election results than Russian hackers, it’s not even close. 
The Washington Examiner reports: 
Voters fear the media far more than Russian hackers when it comes to tampering with election results. 
According to a Suffolk University/USA Today poll , 46 percent of likely voters believe the news media is “the primary threat that might try to change the election results.” 
The national political establishment was the second most-suspected group at 21 percent, and another 13 percent were undecided. 
Foreign interests, including “Russian hackers,” ranked fourth with 10 percent and “local political bosses” came in last with 9 percent of likely voters as the main threat to truthful election results. 
Here’s the underlying data: 
Just to prove the point, The Atlantic really published the following today and it wasn’t meant as a joke. Why is Hillary Clinton so widely loved? https://t.co/C6FN7sDUOP pic.twitter.com/leje2SIbjq 
— The Atlantic (@TheAtlantic) November 3, 2016 
The media has no one to blame but itself. 
For related articles, see:’",0
5216,"N.F.L. Wins Appeal, and Tom Brady Has Little Recourse - The New York Times","Roger Goodell, the most powerful man in professional football, prevailed again Monday in his   battle with Tom Brady, one of the game’s most celebrated quarterbacks. And this time, Brady has virtually no chance of escaping a   suspension. Goodell’s victory came in a ruling by a   panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit that overturned a   decision and affirmed that Goodell, the N. F. L. commissioner, had broad discretion to suspend players according to the collective bargaining agreement with the players’ union. The panel’s decision can be appealed to the full Second Circuit, or even the Supreme Court, but the chance of a victory for Brady is “close to nil,” said Michael LeRoy, who teaches labor law at the University of Illinois at  . Assuming nothing changes, Brady could return to regular play as soon as Oct. 9. The N. F. L. ’s decision in the   Deflategate case  —   suspending one of its most popular players for being “generally aware” of a plot to deflate footballs in the 2015 A. F. C. championship game  —   captivated the nation like few football stories. Over the years, sports leagues have fought with some of their best players, including cases in which Major League Baseball butted heads with Barry Bonds and Alex Rodriguez. But never has a showdown between a league and a player centered on whether the player wanted to manipulate the air pressure in a ball. The case drew expert analysis from physicists and excoriation from fans  —   many in New England  —   who believed that the commissioner’s ruling was based on inadequate evidence. The saga raised fundamental questions about fairness on the field how teams look for an edge and whether the commissioner, who views himself as a stern taskmaster, had overstepped his bounds. The league’s decision to go after Brady also pitted the commissioner against Robert K. Kraft, the owner of the Patriots and long one of Goodell’s staunchest allies. At the Super Bowl in Arizona shortly after the scandal broke, Kraft, in a highly unusual move for an owner, lambasted the league for its handling of the case during an impromptu news conference. He also objected to the $1 million fine and loss of draft picks imposed on his team, but eventually accepted the penalties. Brady’s lawyers had argued that he was unfairly suspended after he was accused of involvement in a scheme to deflate footballs used in a playoff game, and last summer, a Federal District Court judge agreed, allowing Brady to play the entire 2015 season. The N. F. L. appealed that ruling to the Second Circuit, which heard oral arguments in early March. The judges were openly skeptical of many of the arguments made by Brady’s lawyer, signaling that they sided with the N. F. L. ’s case that Goodell had broad discretion to suspend players. In their decision, the judges did not consider the underlying facts of the case, including the science of football deflation, but instead looked solely at whether Goodell, as arbitrator, acted in the spirit of the collective bargaining agreement. “We hold that the commissioner properly exercised this broad discretion under the collective bargaining agreement and that his procedural rulings were properly grounded in that agreement and did not deprive Brady of fundamental fairness,” Judges Barrington Daniels Parker Jr. and Denny Chin wrote in their opinion. “Accordingly, we reverse the judgment of the district court and remand with instructions to confirm the award. ” In a dissent, Chief Judge Robert A. Katzmann said that Goodell had overstepped his role as arbitrator by changing his reason for penalizing Brady after he had heard the quarterback’s appeal. Initially, Goodell suspended Brady for his role in the plot to deflate footballs, then argued that Brady had obstructed the league’s investigation of the incident by destroying his cellphone, which might have contained messages between Brady and members of the Patriots’ staff. The Second Circuit made “the right ruling that conforms to a very well established pattern in the labor law,” LeRoy said. The judges said that despite the protestations of Kraft, Brady and the N. F. L. Players Association, Goodell was merely acting on the powers to which the league and union had agreed in their labor deal, the latest of which was signed in 2011. The judges acknowledged that the   pact in which the person who penalizes players also listens to appeals of those penalties might be unconventional, but they would not get in the way of a longstanding and transparent contract. “In their collective bargaining agreement, the players and the league mutually decided many years ago that the commissioner should investigate possible rule violations, should impose appropriate sanctions, and may preside at arbitrations challenging his discipline,” the judges wrote. The N. F. L. hailed the decision. “We are pleased the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled today that the commissioner properly exercised his authority under the collective bargaining agreement to act in cases involving the integrity of the game,” it said in a statement. “That authority has been recognized by many courts and has been expressly incorporated into every collective bargaining agreement between the N. F. L. and N. F. L. P. A. for the past 40 years. ” The players association said it was disappointed. “We fought Roger Goodell’s suspension of Tom Brady because we know he did not serve as a fair arbitrator and that players’ rights were violated under our collective bargaining agreement,” it said in a statement. If Brady’s suspension is not overturned by a higher court, he will presumably sit out the first four games of the season. (He is allowed to play and practice with the team in the preseason.) The Patriots play their opening game in Glendale, Ariz. against the Cardinals, and their next three games at home, in Foxborough, Mass. against the Miami Dolphins, the Houston Texans and the Buffalo Bills. Brady would then be eligible to return in Week 5, when the Patriots travel to Cleveland to play the Browns. The drama began on Jan. 18, 2015, when the New England Patriots hammered the Indianapolis Colts,   to advance to the Super Bowl. Shortly after the game, the N. F. L. began investigating whether the Patriots had used deflated footballs to gain an unfair advantage. “It’s ridiculous,” Brady said at the time, adding, “That’s the last of my worries. ” The N. F. L. released the results of its investigation last May, which stated that two   Patriots employees had knowingly deflated balls below the legal limit and that it was “more probable than not that Brady was at least generally aware of the inappropriate activities. ” A few days after the release of the report, the N. F. L. suspended Brady for four games without pay. By some measures, the case has done nothing to dent Brady’s popularity, or the country’s fascination with one of the sport’s biggest stars. On Monday, the players’ association said that licensed merchandise with Brady’s name on it was the   among all players last season, topping Peyton Manning, Russell Wilson and other popular players. Given the Patriots’ success the past 15 years, some fans are scrambling to adjust to the possibility that Brady will sit out the first four weeks of the season. BookMaker Sportsbook is reassessing its predictions for the Patriots’ season opener against the Cardinals. “Jimmy Garoppolo is certainly serviceable, but he’s not Tom Brady,” the company wrote about Brady’s backup. “And putting him under center on ‘Sunday Night Football’ in Week 1 for his first career N. F. L. start is asking quite a bit, especially against an elite Arizona secondary. ”",0
5217,Comment on Russian Government Calls For International Investigation Into U.S. Moon Landings & For Good Reasons by Is This What You Think They Would Look Like? Supposed Pictures of Real Extraterrestrials – Collective Evolution,"Share on Facebook Share on Twitter There are articles floating around the internet suggesting that the Russian government has claimed that America never landed on the moon. This is absolutely ridiculous. Neither the Russian government nor any of its representatives have alluded to this. They are, however, calling for an international investigation regarding “murky details” that surround the U.S. moon landings between 1969 and 1972. ( source )   Why a mainstream news outlet like the Washington Post would title an article “Russian official wants to investigate whether U.S. moon landings actually happened ” is curious, to say the least ( source ) Vladimir Markin, a spokesman for Russia’s official government Investigative Committee, has argued that such an investigation could bring to light what’s been kept in the dark for a number of years with regards to these trips into outer space. Markin and the Russian government are referring to the disappearance of film footage from the original moon landing in 1969. They are also referring to the (approximately) 400 kilograms of lunar rock that was obtained during multiple missions between 1969 and 1972. “We are not contending that they did not fly (to the moon), and simply made a film about it. But all of these scientific – or perhaps cultural – artefacts are part of the legacy of humanity, and their disappearance without a trace is our common loss. An investigation will reveal what happened.”– Vladimir Markin ( source ) From the U.S. side, NASA did admit that the original recordings of the first moon landing had been completely erased. Despite this, they also said that they had managed to remaster the original television broadcast of the landing.   According to Bob Dean, United States Army Command Sargent Major, who also served at the Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe (SHAPE) of NATO as an intelligence analyst, there is more footage that has been erased and hidden than we’ve not been told about: “Ladies and gentlemen, my government, NASA, which many of us in the United States say stands for Never A Straight Answer, proceeded to erase 40 rolls of film of the Apollo Program — the flight to the Moon, the flight around the Moon, the landings on the Moon, the walking guys here and there. They erased, for Christ’s sake, 40 rolls of film of those events. Now we’re talking about several thousand individual frames that were taken that the so-called authorities determined that you did not have a right to see. Oh, they were ‘disruptive,’‘socially unacceptable,’‘politically unacceptable.’ I’ve become furious. I’m a retired Command Sergeant Major. I was never famous for having a lot of patience.” (source) What Really Happened Out There? 
For anybody who has done any research regarding our trips to the moon, there is definitely no lack of mystery. A lot of this has been sparked by NASA astronauts themselves who have made some remarkable claims. There are so many statements from so many astronauts it’s really hard to pick the best ones. 
You may instantly place this topic in the conspiracy realm, but with all of the evidence that’s emerged within the past few years alone, nobody can rely have any sound rebuttal against it. Remember, a wise man once said that “condemnation without investigation is the height of ignorance.” 
“I happen to be privileged enough to be in on the fact that we have been visited on this planet and the UFO phenomenon is real, although it’s been covered up by governments for quite a long time. Yes there have been crashed craft, and bodies recovered. We are not alone, they have been coming here for a long time.” – Dr. Edgar Mitchell, Lunar Module Pilot of Apollo 14, 6th man to walk on the moon. ( source )( source )( source )( source ) “There is abundant evidence that we are being contacted, that civilizations have been monitoring us for a very long time. That their appearance is bizarre from any type of traditional materialistic western point of view. That these visitors use the technologies of consciousness, they use toroids, they use co-rotating magnetic disks for their propulsion systems, that seems to be a common denominator of the UFO phenomenon.” ( source ) – Dr. Brian O’Leary, Former NASA Astronaut and Princeton Physics Professor “In my opinion I think they were worried that it would panic the public if they knew that someone had vehicles that had this kind of performance … so they started telling lies about it. And then I think they had to cover another lie, you know, tell another lie to cover their first lie, now they don’t know how to get out of it. Now it’s going to be so embarrassing to admit that all these administrations have told a lot of untruths…. [and that] there are a number of extraterrestrial vehicles out there cruising around.” ( source ) – Gordon Cooper, Former NASA Astronaut, Aeronautical Engineer, and test pilot; one of the seven original astronauts in Project Mercury, the first manned space program of the United States 
“At no time when the astronauts were in space were they alone. They were under constant surveillance by UFOs.”– Maurice Chatelain, who worked at NASA. He holds 12 patents. His expertise was to invent radio equipment used to go to the moon. Here is an example of one of his patents. ( source ) 
There are many more examples to choose from, and the quotes coming from NASA personnel and the people who have been in outer space could fill pages. Think about that for a moment. 
For examples of declassified documents, and more verified quotes that go beyond NASA and into the military, political, and academic realms, you can click here . 
You can access all of our articles on this subject by visiting the exopolitics section of our website HERE . 

The Sacred Science follows eight people from around the world, with varying physical and psychological illnesses, as they embark on a one-month healing journey into the heart of the Amazon jungle. 
You can watch this documentary film FREE for 10 days by clicking here. 
""If “Survivor” was actually real and had stakes worth caring about, it would be what happens here, and “The Sacred Science” hopefully is merely one in a long line of exciting endeavors from this group."" - Billy Okeefe, McClatchy Tribune",0
5218,Vote fraud expert Bev Harris exposes electronic voting machines [Video],"Leave a reply The second video on this post is very important – g 
Black Box Voting , founded in 2003, performs nonpartisan investigative reporting on elections in an attempt to stop vote rigging. 
You may be wondering what the term “black box” means. A “black box” system is non-transparent; its functions are hidden from the public. Elections, of course, should not be black box systems. 
Here is a link to a free copy of the book, Black Box Voting HERE . 
Author Bev Harris became known for groundbreaking work on electronic voting machines, which can remove transparency of the vote count. 
With voting machines, all political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors: SF Source InfoWars Oct. 2016 Share this:",0
5219,"Testing the Limits of Trust, and Sushi, at Sugarfish - The New York Times","Like many habits, the pursuit of good sushi can get expensive. At the extreme end, the cost includes airfare to Tokyo and bribes to hotel concierges. Even for New Yorkers who stick close to home, the price of keeping up to date on sushi is high and climbing.   sushi nuts have already had the $145 omakase and been served on both sides of the counter by the profoundly courtly employees of Kosaka tried Sushi Zo’s $200 omakase, the rice almost invisible under very long and very soft and unadorned ribbons of fish sat down to Ichimura’s $300 sonata of fish cured and seasoned in an emphatic style that descends from the days before refrigeration and handed over as much as $400 to  Sushi Ginza Onodera for nigiri and other dishes that are as minutely detailed as the interior is soaringly grand. For sushi chasers whose bank accounts are not   this all gets kind of depressing. Or consider the novice fan, who has begun to realize that there are realms of pleasure out there beyond tuna rolls from Duane Reade. What’s next? Sugarfish by Sushi Nozawa would like to be the answer. It’s not, but enough people believe it is, or want to believe, that getting inside this    restaurant on East 20th Street can be a test of patience. Sugarfish arrived with an    pedigree. Its branches around Los Angeles have an ardent following, and one of the chain’s founders, Kazunori Nozawa, was among the first sushi chefs to bring to that city a rigorously autocratic style. Specializing in omakase, he was known to yell at those foolish enough to stir wasabi into their soy sauce. Nobody yelled at me at Sugarfish, but the staff didn’t seem all that eager to feed me, either. I made my first assault on the host stand just after 6:30 one weeknight. (The place doesn’t do reservations.) I was alone and willing to wait even if it took until closing time  —   11 that night. What an optimist I was in those days. “We’re not taking any more names tonight,” a host announced. Later, I learned to stage my raids between 2 and 4 in the afternoon, not hours when I typically crave raw fish. One lucky day, I was in within 30 minutes and out before sunset. One can order sushi by the piece, but the servers and the printed menu heavily push the three “Trust Me” meals. This is a variant on omakase, which roughly means “I trust the chef,” but a Trust Me is not an omakase meal. It is, essentially, a set menu served in waves. All three start with chilled edamame and slices of tuna in ponzu, move on to several small courses of nigiri and end with a hand roll or two. The simplest, Trust Me Lite, is $27 and includes four pieces of nigiri the most expensive is the Nozawa Trust Me, with 12 pieces of sushi and two hand rolls at a price of $51. Each course zooms out of a window in the kitchen where sushi is made with unusual speed. Efficiency lets Sugarfish keep prices low, the volume high and the rice warm  —   a hallmark of what the critic Jonathan Gold has termed the School of Nozawa. The rice is not only warm. It’s seasoned with so much vinegar that it’s almost pickled. This makes it appealingly energetic, a quality that sets it apart from the rest of the food. The fish is uniformly soft and pretty, but none of it tastes much like fish. Sweet shrimp and sea scallops were both exactly as they should be. But there was no heft to the tuna, no depth to the salmon, and anybody who happens to like     species like mackerel or sardines is in the wrong restaurant. The menu and website make much of Mr. Nozawa’s connections among elite fishmongers, but the selection at Sugarfish rarely rises above entry level. The menu lists certain specials “when available. ” Sea urchin is one the last time I went, there wasn’t any. This has to be the only sushi restaurant in New York that can’t get its hands on sea urchin. Fresh wasabi may be too much to ask at Sugarfish’s prices, but there is no wasabi at all under the fish. This is weird. Where sushi is concerned, wasabi isn’t just a condiment. It’s the air in the tires. Sugarfish lets you apply your own from some concentric bloops of stuff that tastes like watery horseradish and looks like a green version of the poop emoji, without the smile. By the end of my third meal, I was desperate for some break in the monotony. If Mr. Nozawa had suddenly materialized to yell at me, I would have given him flowers.",0
5220,"Turkey Allows Women in Military to Wear Hijabs, in Cultural Shift - The New York Times","ISTANBUL  —   Women in the Turkish armed forces have been given the right to wear Islamic head scarves in a move that represents a significant cultural shift within an institution seen historically as the guardian of Turkey’s secular identity. The military was one of the last Turkish institutions to forbid the wearing of the hijab. Just 10 years ago, the military’s commanders briefly implied that they would intervene if a presidential candidate, whose wife wore a veil, became head of state. The candidate, Abdullah Gul, ultimately reached the presidency without obstruction. A decade before that, however, military intervention forced the resignation of an Islamist prime minister. The decision, made on Wednesday and announced by the Defense Ministry, highlights the transformation in the years since of both the military and society, where the head scarf has long been emblematic of the struggle between the country’s secular and religious factions. Since 2002, the government of Recep Tayyip Erdogan has gradually opened the public sphere to veiled women  —   allowing the veil on university campuses in 2011 and in the civil service in 2013. The first veiled judge appeared in court in 2015, while veiled women were permitted to serve in the police force last August. The military’s stance softened somewhat in 2015, when an army court ruled that veiled relatives of soldiers could enter military grounds. The army’s cultural shift was also reflected in last July’s failed coup attempt. The government claims that the putsch was organized by an Islamist faction within the military, an institution previously assumed to be staffed mainly by Kemalists  —   followers of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the founder of the secular Turkish state. Women serve only as officers or noncommissioned officers in Turkey. As of 2013, the last year of official data, there were 1, 345 female commissioned officers and 370 female noncommissioned officers out of 723, 741 military personnel in Turkey. The decision to allow female soldiers to wear head scarves threatens to deepen concerns that Mr. Erdogan seeks to sever the country from its secular moorings. Mr. Erdogan’s party has criticized claims that its members are Islamists, believers in a political system based on Islamic legislation. Nevertheless, Mr. Erdogan has increased the number of religious schools and speaks of creating a more pious generation of Turks. After the July coup attempt, Mr. Erdogan also caused alarm in secular circles when he appointed as his military adviser a former   general who was fired from the army a few months before the 1997 military intervention because of concerns about his religiosity. Mr. Erdogan’s toughest critics fear he secretly hopes to create a second Iran, where a teenager was expelled from the national chess team on Monday for refusing to wear a head scarf during a tournament in Spain. Erdogan Karakus, a retired   general and head of the Turkish Retired Officers Association, claimed that Wednesday’s decision was an unnecessary intervention in military affairs and argued that the head scarf was too loaded a symbol for use within the military. “We don’t want to involve politicians in our air force, army, navy,” Mr. Karakus said in a telephone call. “If somebody wants to wear beach clothes in the office in the United States, do you accept it?” But many welcomed the decision. While some criticize Mr. Erdogan for disregarding democratic norms, citing a continuing purge of thousands of people accused of being dissidents, others praise him for bringing dignity to Turkey’s pious majority, which for decades was excluded from public life by the country’s secular elite. What happened on Wednesday was the latest part of that emancipatory process, said Ravza Kavakci, a lawmaker from Mr. Erdogan’s party. “I think it is a very important step in the path of democratization,” she said. Ms. Kavakci’s older sister, Merve, was once one of those particularly affected by discrimination against veiled women. Professor Merve Kavakci is herself a former lawmaker who was screamed at, and later expelled from Parliament, when she arrived at the building wearing a head scarf in 1999. In a separate interview, the elder Ms. Kavakci said that Wednesday’s decision simply made Turkey more tolerant of religion, rather than less secular. She said it would make Turkey more like the United States, where she felt freer to display her religious identity when she lived there. “It’s not that Turkey is not secular any more. It’s that Turkey is no longer secular fundamentalist,” said the elder Ms. Kavakci, now a political scientist and head of postcolonial studies at Uskudar University. “In the past, Turkey has, with its   ideology, embraced a very intolerant secularism where religion was subjugated and controlled by the state authority. And now we’re trying to change that. ” In a statement released later in the day, she added: “From the day I was ousted from the Parliament it’s a dream come true. This is a clear victory for women empowerment. ” Others were more circumspect. Professor Jenny White, an expert on the changing role of Islam and secularism within Turkey, argued that the democratization process was just one of several possible explanations for Wednesday’s intervention. “It could just be completing the process, having everyone everywhere able to wear head scarves, or it could be a way of humiliating the remaining Kemalist officer corps by breaking that last taboo,” said Ms. White, the author of “Muslim Nationalism and the New Turks,” a book about identity in contemporary Turkey. “I would characterize this,” Ms. White added, “as the ultimate humiliation of the Kemalist military. ”",0
5221,Twittergate is happening right now. 1000s of twitter Pedophile accounts discovered,"Twittergate is happening right now. 1000s of twitter Pedophile accounts discovered 1 Share Email 
Several Twitter users were reporting child p0rn0graphy accounts and sending them to 0hour, an active member of Anonymous. 
The Anonymous user, @0hour, was retweeting them and tagging Twitter, FBI and Disney. The YouTube user, notsafeforjerk , is providing up-to-date reports on #TwitterGate. 
“Twitter cares more about silencing political opinions than protecting our children. Twitter’s CEO works for Disney .” 
Hours later, 0hour got his account suspended while many of the child p0rn0graphy accounts remained active, despite the child pornography being publicly displayed on the Twitter accounts. 
#TwitterGate has become a topic of discussion on several message boards such as Reddit and /pol/. 
As more people become involved in the manhunt, the scope of horror increases. 
Thus far, this is the list of users identified by /pol/: 
NOTE: These Twitter users have not been vetted through NorthCrane channels. 
@sternshow @jdharm @rmlimodriver69 @SternShowMoms @shalomshuli @SternUpdates @SBrandano @TomCotterComic @DocIvanSFN @hperik1971 @MaraReinstein @JasonFielderTV @bobohstern @LittleMikeysp @BenBarto @Stern100 @DitaFan @EliBraden @salgovernale @SternShowAddict @reporterjon @q8i_snake @JoeyBoots @Murman78 @IsaacLeicht @kimberlyratliff @craiggasscomedy @twangger @memetwalker @leithforrest @kylesimonLOL @MMABILLYMIRA @TheMikeTrainor @thisiswolfie @TARAxVx @ThisIsPiotr @MichaelSantang5 @Innocuous_Flop @FTESTERNBTLSFAN @AsianPete5 @TheRealGSid @SternShowQuotes @julianvelard @valthepoet @SternShowPundit @JustinNColumbia @Carrie_Stevens1 @heaney_sean @johnbutler1 @darkmang_25 @mydrugismusic @TheSternShow @ImGrover @bobby_rooney @Howard100 @Howard101 @IamArtieLange @WhoopAsh @RealTalkRooney @HighPitch2009 @FakeLisaG @SternShowXtra @preemiememe @beckalah428 @IamFredNorris @atsternshow @shaneomtl @RFromMN @ChadFromStL @DannyMendelson @Sternpage @cwild22 
Archived link here https://archive.4plebs.org/pol/thread/99543043/ but watch your backs please. Don’t be the person who gets caught if they need a scapegoat.",0
5222,"Al Sharpton: Bill Maher Apology ’Not Enough, Must Be Held Accountable’","Al Sharpton says Bill Maher got off easy when he apologized for using a racial slur on last week’s episode of his HBO show Real Time. [“It was disgraceful,” Sharpton told TMZ of Maher. “I have a lot of respect for Bill. He’s a friend, I’ve been on his show many times, but he is totally wrong. This is outrageous. He must be held accountable. There is no joke about using the  . ”  “I’m very disappointed in Bill and I think to just say it and apologize and not have some accountability is not enough,” the   activist and former MSNBC anchor added.  On Friday’s episode of Real Time, Maher referred to himself as a “house ni**er. ” The   comment sparked backlash on social media and calls for Maher’s firing by Sharpton and Black Lives Matter activist DeRay McKesson. HBO issued a statement Saturday condemning Maher’s remarks, and promised that the slur would be edited out of future broadcasts of the show. “Bill Maher’s comment last night was completely inexcusable and tasteless. We are removing his deeply offensive comment from any subsequent airings of the show,” the premium cable channel said. Maher apologized in a statement Saturday, saying “The word was offensive and I regret saying it and am very sorry. ” But Maher’s apology is meaningless, according to Sharpton. “How do you get a pass for saying something like that?” Sharpton asked. “They weren’t even talking about race! He just out of nowhere took this —  you felt you got so comfortable with us that you can denigrate us?” However, Maher will apparently come out of this controversy unscathed. His weekly show is scheduled to air Friday. Sen. Al Franken ( .) has pulled out of his scheduled appearance on the show this week in the wake of the controversy, but rapper Ice Cube, former Florida congressman David Jolly, journalist David Gregory, and Symone Sanders, former national press secretary for Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, are all scheduled to appear on the next episode.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
5223,Profitable Pickups May Be in Cross Hairs of Trump Border Tax - The New York Times,"DETROIT  —   There are many reasons for the steady success of the three major American automakers in recent years, but none are bigger than the surging sales of   pickup trucks. General Motors, Ford Motor and Fiat Chrysler dominate the segment in the United States market, and they rely on pickups for a sizable portion of their earnings in North America as a whole. But President Trump’s proposed border tax on imported vehicles could throw a wrench in the profit machine, particularly for G. M. and Fiat Chrysler, which build a large percentage of their pickups in Mexico. At the same time, Ford  —   which makes all of its pickups in American factories  —   would most likely benefit at the expense of its rivals. The Trump administration has pledged to levy tariffs of up to 35 percent on vehicles imported from Mexico and possibly elsewhere, primarily to prod automakers to increase production and jobs in the United States. In response, all three of the Detroit companies have announced plans for new investments in their American operations. Ford went a step further by canceling plans to build a $1. 6 billion plant in Mexico that had been criticized repeatedly by Mr. Trump. Yet the possibility of tariffs on trucks overshadows the    so far between a new president determined to expand the American economy and automakers that count on pickups as a huge source of income. “There is an awful lot at stake with a border tax on trucks,” said Michelle Krebs, an analyst with Autotrader. com, a   site. “These are the cash cows for Detroit. ” Pickup sales have been an important component of the consistent growth of the American auto market, which last year set a record with nearly 17. 5 million vehicles sold. The combination of low gas prices and a need by businesses to replace older trucks has stimulated demand, especially for   pickups, more than 90 percent of which are made by the three Detroit companies. In January, the three   vehicles in the nation were pickups: the Ford   G. M.’s Chevrolet Silverado, and Fiat Chrysler’s Ram model. The companies earn an estimated $8, 000 to $10, 000 in profit on each truck sold  —   compared with $3, 000 on a passenger car  —   so Detroit’s financial fortunes inevitably rise and fall on the success of their truck products. Yet for G. M. and Fiat Chrysler, much of that success is dependent on truck production in Mexico, where labor costs are significantly lower than in unionized factories in the United States. Industry analysts estimate that   of G. M.’s annual pickup production comes from its sprawling assembly plant in Silao, Mexico. And while Fiat Chrysler is expanding its American output of trucks, it still relies on its factory in Saltillo, Mexico, for 30 to 40 percent of its pickups, the analysts say. Ford, by contrast, makes its pickups at three plants in the United States. Automakers do not reveal profit margins on particular vehicles. But companies pay workers less than $10 an hour in Mexico, versus the top union wage of $29 in American plants. That differential makes Mexican trucks more profitable for G. M. and Fiat Chrysler than those produced in the United States. There are other costs associated with Mexican production, including shipping vehicles by rail or   to American dealerships. But lower labor rates still make Mexico an attractive production option for automakers. A border tax would wipe out that cost advantage, and could prompt manufacturers to raise prices on   vehicles. “Automakers could possibly eat the cost of a 5 to 10 percent tariff, but not a tax of 20 or 30 percent,” said Ron Harbour, an automotive analyst with the consulting firm Oliver Wyman. “They would probably have to pass some of that on to consumers. ” Higher prices could cool demand for pickups made by G. M. and Fiat Chrysler. The companies could also try to make up the cost of a border tax by spreading price increases across the breadth of their product lineups. While it is not uncommon to reallocate production among factories  —   for example, to make more   trucks in American plants and shift less profitable small cars to Mexico  —   it is expensive and   to do so. G. M. is also vulnerable to potential tariffs on imported parts for pickups made in its factories in Flint, Mich. and Fort Wayne, Ind. About 38 percent of the parts for all G. M. pickups are made in the United States and Canada, and 55 percent are produced in Mexico, according to statistics compiled by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. About 56 percent of the parts in Fiat Chrysler’s pickups are made in the United States and Canada, and 29 percent are produced in Mexico. At Ford, about 70 percent of its pickup components are made in the United States and Canada, and 15 percent come from Mexico. For all three automakers, that mix of parts applies whether the truck is made in the United States or Mexico. It is not clear whether Mr. Trump’s vision of a border tax would apply to parts or only finished products. One industry analyst, Colin Langan of UBS Securities, singled out G. M. in a recent research report for its vulnerability to a tariff on pickups. “The border tax is a clear risk to G. M.’s   pickup trucks,” Mr. Langan wrote. “The timing is also challenging as G. M. plans to retool its pickup facilities ahead of the 2018 pickup launch. ” G. M. executives declined to talk about the impact of a tariff on the company’s pickups during a conference call with analysts last week on its 2016 earnings. The company’s chief financial officer, Chuck Stevens, said it was premature to discuss the implications of a border tax. “There are a lot of moving parts,” he said. “We want to work with the administration to make sure what is best for the U. S. economy. ” G. M.’s chief executive, Mary Barra, stressed that about 80 percent of the products that the company sells in the United States are  . As a member of Mr. Trump’s business advisory council, Ms. Barra said, she has outlined how difficult it is for an automaker to adjust production strategy on the fly. “I think that understanding has been well received,” she said of meeting with the president and his advisers. Other vehicles made in Mexico, such as Ford’s Fusion sedan and G. M.’s Cadillac SRX sport utility vehicle, could also be affected by a border tax. But because of their popularity and profits, pickups are the most vulnerable products. “A tariff on pickups would be a real challenge, especially for G. M.,” said Ms. Krebs of Autotrader. “Trucks are so important to their bottom line, and this is uncharted territory. ”",0
5224,How Does an Australian Town of 100 Attract Tourists? A Music Festival and Camel Pie - The New York Times,"BIRDSVILLE, Australia  —   Birdsville sits perched on the edge of the vast Simpson Desert, hundreds of miles from the nearest city, on the far reaches of the Australian outback. It is an unforgiving place, choked by swirling sandstorms and baked by summer temperatures that can reach 122 degrees Fahrenheit. Home to just 100 people, it has one primary school with six students, one tiny hospital and one police station, which are staffed by one nurse and one policeman. But every year, thousands of people descend on the town for the Big Red Bash, which its organizers claim is the remotest music festival on earth. “This is the ultimate Australian country gig,” said Jimmy Barnes, one of Australia’s   rock musicians, as he lounged backstage at the festival in July. The Big Red Bash, named for the towering    sand dune on which it is usually held, just outside Birdsville, is what Mr. Barnes called “a celebration of the bush. ” The event was first held in 2013 with an audience of just 600 this year’s   festival had 7, 000 attendees. The influx of visitors is critical for the survival of the community that has built its recent fortunes on tourism. The town also hosts the annual Birdsville Races, a renowned horse racing event that was first held in 1882 and now attracts thousands of people each year. “Once upon a time, Birdsville depended on local ringers, stockman, drovers,” said Don Rowlands, an Aboriginal elder of the local Wangkangurru and Yarluyandi nations and a ranger of the nearby   National Park, referring to the workers on the cattle ranches that surround the town. Now, he said, “it would not survive without tourism  —   not a chance in hell. ” For many, the attraction of the Big Red Bash is its remoteness. Fresh vegetables are delivered twice a week by truck (“road mail,” as locals call it) some residents fly their own small planes (the airfield, conveniently, is a   walk from the pub) and if the lights go out, electricians must be booked from the closest city, Mount Isa, which is a   drive away. “You don’t go through Birdsville, you come to Birdsville, and that makes the difference,” Nell Brook said. She and her husband, David, whose family settled in Birdsville in 1885, farm on an enormous scale. They own 40, 000 cattle on five properties that span 32, 000 square kilometers. “It’s an effort to get here,” said Ross McGregor, 51, a laundry worker who drove for two days from his home in Townsville for the Big Red Bash. “It’s a challenge. ” Sporting a bushy    beard, a black pirate hat and   Mr. McGregor, like many attendees, is a “gray nomad,” a movement of retirees and older citizens who traverse the country in trailers. The prevalence of    vehicles, in particular, has opened up tourism in the outback. And Birdsville, Mr. McGregor said, has become a destination in itself, a “beacon in the desert. ” Established in the 1880s to collect tolls for cattle drovers moving across the borders of   Australia, Birdsville was once a thriving frontier town. When the tolls were abolished with the federation of six   colonies that united under the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901, the town, which sits on the Diamantina River, fell into decline. Those who stayed worked on cattle ranches. While the coastal areas of Australia developed, Birdsville’s remote inland location ensured its isolation. “You can’t just go down to the shop and buy things,” Mrs. Brook said. “You always have to plan what you need for the next two months. ” She said that in the 1970s, the telegraph was the only way to connect with the outside world. A   flight brought fruit, vegetables, mail and a movie that residents would gather together at the Brook home to watch. The town’s first telephone line was installed in 1986, and the first cell tower in 2011. Birdsville is expected to get broadband internet access next year. To travel to Birdsville, visitors had to fly or take the dangerous, dusty Birdsville Track, a   dirt road from Marree, in South Australia, which crosses three deserts. Mailmen willing to risk the hazardous, weekslong journey on the Birdsville Track became heroes. Tom Kruse, who delivered letters to outback properties from the 1930s to the 1950s in his Leyland Badger truck, was immortalized in the 1954 documentary “The Back of Beyond. ” In the 1960s, the perils of crossing the desert made national headlines when five members of the Page family  —   Ernest Page his wife, Emma and their three children  —   ran out of gas and water and died from dehydration after abandoning their car. Their partly decomposed bodies were found near Deadman’s Sandhill under a coolibah tree on New Year’s Day in 1964. Their brutal deaths, combined with Mr. Kruse’s expeditions, helped cement the town in national legend. “It’s become a bucket list for people,” said Greg Donovan, founder of the Big Red Bash and its sister event, the Big Red Run, a   ultramarathon through the Simpson Desert. Tourism has become a mainstay. Visitors flock to the Birdsville Hotel, which has quenched thirsty travelers since 1884, and the Birdsville Bakery, celebrated for its curried camel pies, with meat from feral camels that roam the desert. “I could have built a bakery in Marree to the south, Bedourie to the north, Quilpie to the east,” said Robert “Dusty” John Miller, the owner of the bakery. “I would have failed in the first year because they don’t have the iconic status this town’s got. ” Even so, tourism, along with cattle rearing, has taken its toll on the desert. As a boy, Mr. Rowlands, the park ranger, hunted for “bush tucker” after school, catching wild goanna, the native monitor lizards, and snakes to cook over a pit of hot ash like his Aboriginal ancestors. “Now, you can go down with a magnifying glass and find nothing,” said Mr. Rowlands, 58. “And here we have Birdsville full of people, but nobody really knows what has happened to the land. ” The town’s infrastructure can also buckle under the pressure. During last year’s Big Red Bash, the Birdsville Hotel ran out of food. This year, the Birdsville Bakery ran out of bread, and the town’s power grid failed. “We’re building our own little minicity with facilities, sanitations, rubbish,” said Mr. Donovan, noting that almost everything needed to be transported for hundreds of miles on dirt roads. “If you have a bit of rain, those roads get closed. There are no shortcuts. ” Mr. Donovan, who is from Sydney, applauded the “she’  ” optimism of the residents. “In the bush, you have your good years and your bad years, and people roll with that. ” Yet, with meager employment opportunities, few young people stay. Tourism is limited to the winter months, when temperatures are more temperate. In summer, “it’s back to the old days,” said Lucas Trihey, who organizes events at the Big Red Bash. “There’s no one around. You can’t go outside and eat a sandwich. It will end up full of sand. There’s a real frontier feel. ” Recreation in the summer shrinks to barbecues, swimming in the billabong, and drinking stubbies, or bottles of beer, on Big Red under the stars. But, Mr. Miller said, the lack of diversions has helped foster real community spirit in the town. “We need one another,” he said as he as he got up to dispense another curried camel pie to a hungry customer.",0
5225,"How a Sensational, Unverified Dossier Became a Crisis for Donald Trump - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Seven months ago, a respected former British spy named Christopher Steele won a contract to build a file on Donald J. Trump’s ties to Russia. Last week, the explosive details  —   unsubstantiated accounts of frolics with prostitutes, real estate deals that were intended as bribes and coordination with Russian intelligence of the hacking of Democrats  —   were summarized for Mr. Trump in an appendix to a   intelligence report. The consequences have been incalculable and will play out long past Inauguration Day. Word of the summary, which was also given to President Obama and congressional leaders, leaked to CNN Tuesday, and the rest of the media followed with sensational reports. Mr. Trump denounced the unproven claims Wednesday as a fabrication, a   smear concocted by “sick people. ” It has further undermined his relationship with the intelligence agencies and cast a shadow over the new administration. Late Wednesday night, after speaking with Mr. Trump, James R. Clapper Jr. the director of national intelligence, issued a statement decrying leaks about the matter and saying of Mr. Steele’s dossier that the intelligence agencies have “not made any judgment that the information in this document is reliable. ” Mr. Clapper suggested that intelligence officials had nonetheless shared it to give policy makers “the fullest possible picture of any matters that might affect national security. ” Parts of the story remain out of reach  —   most critically the basic question of how much, if anything, in the dossier is true. But it is possible to piece together a rough narrative of what led to the current crisis, including lingering questions about the ties binding Mr. Trump and his team to Russia. The episode also offers a glimpse of the hidden side of presidential campaigns, involving private    looking for the worst they can find about the next American leader. The story began in September 2015, when a wealthy Republican donor who strongly opposed Mr. Trump put up the money to hire a Washington research firm run by former journalists, Fusion GPS, to compile a dossier about the real estate magnate’s past scandals and weaknesses, according to a person familiar with the effort. The person described the opposition research work on condition of anonymity, citing the volatile nature of the story and the likelihood of future legal disputes. The identity of the donor is unclear. Fusion GPS, headed by a former Wall Street Journal journalist known for his dogged reporting, Glenn Simpson, most often works for business clients. But in presidential elections, the firm is sometimes hired by candidates, party organizations or donors to do political “oppo” work  —   shorthand for opposition research  —   on the side. It is routine work and ordinarily involves creating a big, searchable database of public information: past news reports, documents from lawsuits and other relevant data. For months, Fusion GPS gathered the documents and put together the files from Mr. Trump’s past in business and entertainment, a rich target. After Mr. Trump emerged as the presumptive nominee in the spring, the Republican interest in financing the effort ended. But Democratic supporters of Hillary Clinton were very interested, and Fusion GPS kept doing the same deep dives, but on behalf of new clients. In June, the tenor of the effort suddenly changed. The Washington Post reported that the Democratic National Committee had been hacked, apparently by Russian government agents, and a mysterious figure calling himself “Guccifer 2. 0” began to publish the stolen documents online. Mr. Simpson hired Mr. Steele, a former British intelligence officer with whom he had worked before. Mr. Steele, in his early 50s, had served undercover in Moscow in the early 1990s and later was the top expert on Russia at the London headquarters of Britain’s spy service, MI6. When he stepped down in 2009, he started his own commercial intelligence firm, Orbis Business Intelligence. The former journalist and the former spy, according to people who know them, had similarly dark views of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, a former K. G. B. officer, and the varied tactics he and his intelligence operatives used to smear, blackmail or bribe their targets. As a former spy who had carried out espionage inside Russia, Mr. Steele was in no position to travel to Moscow to study Mr. Trump’s connections there. Instead, he hired native Russian speakers to call informants inside Russia and made surreptitious contact with his own connections in the country as well. Mr. Steele wrote up his findings in a series of memos, each a few pages long, that he began to deliver to Fusion GPS in June and continued at least until December. By then, the election was over, and neither Mr. Steele nor Mr. Simpson was being paid by a client, but they did not stop what they believed to be very important work. (Mr. Simpson declined to comment for this article, and Mr. Steele did not immediately reply to a request for comment.) The memos described two different Russian operations. The first was a yearslong effort to find a way to influence Mr. Trump, perhaps because he had contacts with Russian oligarchs whom Mr. Putin wanted to keep track of. According to Mr. Steele’s memos, it used an array of familiar tactics: the gathering of “kompromat,” compromising material such as alleged tapes of Mr. Trump with prostitutes in a Moscow hotel, and proposals for business deals attractive to Mr. Trump. The goal would probably never have been to make Mr. Trump a knowing agent of Russia, but to make him a source who might provide information to friendly Russian contacts. But if Mr. Putin and his agents wanted to entangle Mr. Trump using business deals, they did not do it very successfully. Mr. Trump has said he has no major properties there, though one of his sons said at a real estate conference in 2008 that “a lot of money” was “pouring in from Russia. ” The second Russian operation described was recent: a series of contacts with Mr. Trump’s representatives during the campaign, in part to discuss the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and Mrs. Clinton’s campaign chairman, John D. Podesta. According to Mr. Steele’s sources, it involved, among other things, a   meeting in Prague between Michael Cohen, a lawyer for Mr. Trump, and Oleg Solodukhin, a Russian official who works for Rossotrudnichestvo, an organization that promotes Russia’s interests abroad. By all accounts, Mr. Steele has an excellent reputation with American and British intelligence colleagues and had done work for the F. B. I. on the investigation of bribery at FIFA, soccer’s global governing body. Colleagues say he was acutely aware of the danger he and his associates were being fed Russian disinformation. Russian intelligence had mounted a complex hacking operation to damage Mrs. Clinton, and a similar operation against Mr. Trump was possible. But much of what he was told, and passed on to Fusion GPS, was very difficult to check. And some of the claims that can be checked seem problematic. Mr. Cohen, for instance, said on Twitter on Tuesday night that he has never been in Prague Mr. Solodukhin, his purported Russian contact, denied in a telephone interview that he had ever met Mr. Cohen or anyone associated with Mr. Trump. The   on Wednesday cited news reports that a different Michael Cohen with no Trump ties may have visited Prague and that the two Cohens might have been mixed up in Mr. Steele’s reports. But word of a dossier had begun to spread through political circles. Rick Wilson, a Republican political operative who was working for a super PAC supporting Marco Rubio, said he heard about it in July, when an investigative reporter for a major news network called him to ask what he knew. By early fall, some of Mr. Steele’s memos had been given to the F. B. I. which was already investigating Mr. Trump’s Russian ties, and to journalists. An MI6 official, whose job does not permit him to be quoted by name, said that in late summer or early fall, Mr. Steele also passed the reports he had prepared on Mr. Trump and Russia to British intelligence. Mr. Steele was concerned about what he was hearing about Mr. Trump, and he thought that the information should not be solely in the hands of people looking to win a political contest. After the election, the memos, still being supplemented by his inquiries, became one of Washington’s   secrets, as reporters  —   including from The New York Times  —   scrambled to confirm or disprove them. Word also reached Capitol Hill. Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, heard about the dossier and obtained a copy in December from David J. Kramer, a former top State Department official who works for the McCain Institute at Arizona State University. Mr. McCain passed the information to James B. Comey, the F. B. I. director. Remarkably for Washington, many reporters for competing news organizations had the salacious and damning memos, but they did not leak, because their contents could not be confirmed. (Mother Jones magazine was an exception, publishing a story on Oct. 31 that described the dossier, its origin and significance, while omitting the titillating details.) That changed only this week, after the heads of the C. I. A. the F. B. I. and the National Security Agency added a summary of the memos, along with information gathered from other intelligence sources, to their report on the Russian cyberattack on the election. Now, after the most contentious of elections, Americans are divided and confused about what to believe about the incoming president. And there is no prospect soon for full clarity on the veracity of the claims made against him. “It is a remarkable moment in history,” said Mr. Wilson, the Florida political operative. “What world did I wake up in?”",0
5226,’We Are Chicago’ Attempts to Show Gamers the Trials of Living in Violence-Plagued City - Breitbart,"We Are Chicago by Culture Shock Games seeks to depict the truth of a city drowning in its own blood in an effort to stanch the flow. [762 murders were committed in Chicago in 2016, and 2017 isn’t looking any better. President Trump tweeted that the violence is “totally out of control,” exclaiming, “Chicago needs help!” following the shooting deaths of seven people in one day in February.  Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there  —   totally out of control. Chicago needs help!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 24, 2017,  The developers at Culture Shock Games are trying to do their part to help with We Are Chicago, what they hope is an affecting interactive walk in the shoes of fictional Chicago youth Aaron Davis. Aaron is a high school senior with a younger sister and a single mom. He is also a citizen of Chicago’s dangerous streets, and his journey asks the player to navigate a world in which deadly violence is a daily reality. Whether it is the sound of gunfire at dinner or Aaron’s friend holding up the fast food joint where he works, players are confronted with uncomfortably realistic scenarios that represent snapshots from the lives of real people. Based on interviews with residents, We Are Chicago draws its inspiration from the reality of life in the Windy City. Aaron struggles to avoid the influence of gangs  —   a support structure that tempts many desperate urban youths with the promise of security, community, and income when jobs are scarce  —   while navigating family life and the demands of school. The game released in February, but it has had a rough go on the Steam marketplace. Despite its   mission, players have noted a host of technical issues that detract from the experience  —   or even make it outright unplayable. It also isn’t very long  —   about the length of a single chapter in the Telltale adventure games, whose influence We Are Chicago wears on its sleeve. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
5227,The Best New Podcasts of 2016 - The New York Times,"Podcasts are personal. Unlike the wide public broadcast of radio, a podcast begins whenever you touch “play,” then courses through your headphones and directly into your ears. Listening to a great podcast can feel like falling into conversation with a new best friend or eavesdropping on an infatuating crush. A bad one is like sitting next to the wrong stranger on the subway. Here are 10 good ones that debuted in 2016. ‘2 DOPE QUEENS’ Each week, the comedians and besties Phoebe Robinson and Jessica Williams  —   plus guests like Hannibal Buress and Ilana Glazer of “Broad City”  —   tear through popular culture, bantering and arguing about Tinder etiquette, being black at a Billy Joel concert and the questionable attractiveness of Lenny Kravitz (Phoebe says he’s hot Jessica, not). Episodes are recorded at live shows in Brooklyn, then published in podcast form by WNYC. ‘WHO? WEEKLY’ A new class of barely recognizable “celebrities” has come to dominate tabloid coverage, and the hosts Bobby Finger and Lindsey Weber are here to guide you through their obscure   world. The podcast feels delightfully absurd and truly vital in the Trump era, when castoff reality stars are suddenly in the presidential sphere of power. ‘WHY OH WHY’ In this auditory exploration of modern love, Andrea Silenzi plays both host and subject, delving into strangers’ romantic entanglements and processing her own with the same warm, wry curiosity. The show mimics dating’s emotional roller coaster, careening from the excruciating awkwardness of a real first date to the quiet heartache of Ms. Silenzi’s latest breakup. “Why Oh Why” is technically a reboot: It was once a cult favorite radio show on WFMU before it was reborn in podcast form on Panoply this fall. ‘BAD WITH MONEY’ The writer, comedian and YouTube star Gaby Dunn plays an extremely amateur financial adviser here, using her own money troubles to facilitate discussions about unspeakable topics like addiction, exploitation and debt. What Ms. Dunn lacks in financial literacy she makes up for in charm and candor, and she coaxes her guests into trampling the taboos around money until they get to something real. ‘CODE SWITCH’ NPR’s Code Switch blog, a source of required reading on race and culture since 2013, is now a   podcast. The hosts, the NPR journalists Gene Demby and Shereen Marisol Meraji  —   and guests like the former “Hamilton” cast member Christopher Jackson  —   take on the messy questions of race in America, like the dual identity of black police officers. ‘SEE SOMETHING SAY SOMETHING’ Started just before the election, this   podcast explores the diversity of backgrounds and experiences that contribute to Muslim identity in America. In recent episodes, the host Ahmed Ali Akbar, a staff writer at BuzzFeed, talks with a Muslim college student with a   roommate the   comedian Zahra Noorbakhsh and his own father. ‘CRIMETOWN’ Many buzzy   podcasts play like procedurals, focusing on the commission and investigation of a particular deed. This Gimlet podcast advances the genre it’s less “Law  Order,” more “The Wire. ” Each season, “Crimetown” explores one city’s criminal element first up is an engrossing and disturbing portrait of organized crime in Providence, R. I. ‘IN THE DARK’ A rash of     podcasts was introduced this year, inspired by the success of “Serial. ” “In the Dark” is the rare offering that improves on the original. Madeleine Baran, a reporter for American Public Media, reinvestigates the 1989 abduction of Jacob Wetterling, an    Minnesotan. In contrast to Serial’s flashy, obsessive and ultimately unresolved whodunit, Ms. Baran’s jumps off from the story of one crime to tell a much bigger tale  —   one implicating an entire sheriff’s office in decades of failed policing. ‘HOMECOMING’ The first fiction podcast from Gimlet Media is a     thriller featuring Oscar Isaac as a traumatized military veteran and Catherine Keener as the government therapist assigned his case. The plot is cleverly wound with sinister disclosures about this homecoming program, but the real surprise here is the palpable chemistry between Mr. Isaac and Ms. Keener. ‘ALICE ISN’T DEAD’ From the creators of the absurdist fiction hit “Welcome to Night Vale” comes a psychedelic thriller about a woman who sets off on a   road trip to find her missing wife  —   only to drive into a creepy otherworld that lies off the map. Apart from haunting music and sound effects, it’s narrated exclusively by the actress Jasika Nicole, who manages to ground the story in human drama while describing the supernatural that surrounds her. More highlights from the year, as chosen by our critics: Movies, Television, Pop Albums, Pop Songs, Classical Music, Dance, Theater, Art, and Performances",0
5228,U2 Needs ’Space’ to Reassess New Album after Trump Win,"Irish rock band U2 has delayed the release of its next studio album after the surprise election of Donald Trump. [Songs of Experience, the band’s   to its   2014 album Songs of Innocence, was “pretty much complete,” U2 founding guitarist The Edge told Rolling Stone. Then Trump won the election and “suddenly the world changed. ”  “We just went, ‘Hold on a second  —   we’ve got to give ourselves a moment to think about this record and about how it relates to what’s going on in the world,’” the guitarist said about the upcoming project. Trump’s election, he noted, was “like a pendulum has suddenly just taken a huge swing in the other direction. ” He noted that most of the album’s lyrics were “written in the early part of 2016,” and now need to be revised because “the world is a different place. ” U2, seeing its next record as an opportunity to make a political statement, knew it needed to put the album “on ice for a minute, just to really think about it one more time before putting it out, just to make sure that it really was what we wanted to say. ” “We may even write a couple of new songs because that’s the very position we’re in,” the guitarist said. “We’ve given ourselves a little bit of breathing space for creativity. ” “So we said look, ‘Look, let’s do both. We can really celebrate this album, which is really born again in this context, and we can also really get a chance to think about these songs and make sure they’re really what we want to put out,’” he added. U2 has remained relatively quiet during the presidential election, though the band’s frontman Bono called Trump “dangerous,” and said he’s “potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America. ” “Look, America is like the best idea the world ever came up with, but Donald Trump is potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America,” Bono said in September on CBS This Morning. “Potentially,” he added, Trump “could destroy” America. A month later, Bono bashed Trump’s proposal to build a wall on the U. S.  border during a concert in San Francisco. Bono could be seen screaming “You’re fired!” at an onstage projection of   Trump. “Good people are not going to stay silent while you run off with the American dream!” Bono shouted during the elaborate, virtual   .  On Monday, U2 announced a tour of North America and Europe to celebrate the 30th anniversary of its first album, The Joshua Tree.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
5229,A Death on Staten Island Highlights Heroin’s Place in ‘Mainstream Society’ - The New York Times,"The man entered the Red Robin restaurant inside the Staten Island Mall two minutes after 6 p. m. on a Friday. He walked straight past the booths and tables and entered the men’s room. A manager would find him there seven minutes later, lying on the floor with a needle and foaming at the mouth. His name was Jonathan Ayers, 27, and he was declared dead within the hour that evening, Sept. 9, apparently of a heroin overdose. Mr. Ayers’s fatal overdose was the latest addition to a body count without precedent. So far in 2016, there have been 71 deaths that appear to be from heroin overdoses on the island, the Richmond County district attorney’s office said, already on pace to more than double the record set two years ago. Nine people died of heroin overdoses in a recent   period, prosecutors said. Mr. Ayers left behind an account of his addiction. After his death, his mother, Ann Ayers, and brother, Christopher, found a journal he had kept for the last couple of years that chronicled the lies he had told them to conceal his continued dependence on drugs. “I lie mostly I think because I am scared of being judged for the truth,” Mr. Ayers wrote in May 2015. “This journal is where I tell the truth. ” Through the journal, his family would come to know the son and brother they had lost, and see the thoughts of a heroin addict. Staten Island has been home to a heroin epidemic for several years, and it rivals the Bronx for the highest rate of deaths from heroin overdoses in New York City. The drug arrived to meet demand for opiates and fill the void left by law enforcement crackdowns on prescription pills, which were widely abused there. Heroin, much cheaper than pills, became the drug of choice for the mostly white,   neighborhoods on the island’s south end. It was brought in bulk from other boroughs and New Jersey, and easily found on the island as an attractive diversion for bored and restless young people  —   creating a crisis for law enforcement, treatment programs and the parents of addicts, who have seen too many of their children end up in jail or the morgue. Since 2010, the number of arrests on the island in which heroin or pills were found on the suspect has increased tenfold, to over 1, 000 last year. Deaths attributed to heroin overdoses have also risen: In 2012 and 2013, the toll was 33 each year, and then jumped to 41 in 2014. The deaths fall within a nationwide heroin epidemic that officials have compared to the onslaught of H. I. V. in the 1980s and 1990s. An estimated 125 people a day die from drug overdoses, 78 of them from heroin and pills. The rise in deaths has left virtually no corner of the country untouched, from New England to Appalachia to the Midwest and Southwest. On Staten Island, the numbers could be far worse. Emergency medical workers and firefighters administered naloxone, an antidote to opioid overdoses, 89 times from January through July. Police officers have used it to save lives 35 times this year. There have been new programs and initiatives and task forces and law enforcement operations and arrests. There have been infusions of funds. And yet nothing seems to be working. “The drugs are too accessible and too acceptable,” Michael McMahon, the Staten Island district attorney, said in an interview last month. “There seems to be a whole new population that thinks it’s O. K. and not taboo. ” Mr. McMahon said too few resources were being directed to the epidemic. “If this many people were dying from Zika on Staten Island, we would have an   emergency crisis response to it,” he said. “Anywhere else in the city of New York, if nine people died in 10 days from one reason, it would be declared a citywide health emergency. ” Mr. McMahon, shortly after taking office in January, announced the creation of the Overdose Response Initiative, with officers responding to every fatal overdose as if it were a homicide, gathering information on the victims and combing their cellphones for leads on the identity of the dealer of the drugs. The investigations have given prosecutors and the police   data on overdoses in the past, they had to wait for lengthy toxicology tests. The response has linked fatal overdoses to suspected dealers in two recent drug takedowns that led to 18 arrests. Assistant Chief Edward Delatorre, the borough commander of Staten Island, said the police were initially led to believe that dealers had taken their own measure to avoid scrutiny  —   selling weaker heroin. “We got word back that they were cautioning the other dealers who sold, ‘Be careful what you sell on Staten Island,’” he said. “But here we are again in September with a surge. ” Mr. McMahon believes that the recent string of deaths resulted not from a bad batch of heroin, but from the potency and ubiquity of the drug and the recklessness with which addicts are using it. “What does that tell you, the death in the mall?” said Luke Nasta, the director of Camelot, an addiction treatment center on Staten Island. “It’s part of mainstream society. Bright, shiny glass and nice stuff. The abundance of America, and using heroin and succumbing to an overdose. It’s a crosscut of society. It’s here. There’s no denying it. ” Mr. Ayers’s overdose in the mall ended a struggle with addiction about which he wrote candidly in his journal while hiding it from his family. The journal and interviews with his family offer a glimpse of a   addict seeming to hold his life together even as it spun downward. “Have mercy on me, O Lord, for I am weak,” Mr. Ayers, a Catholic, quoted from the Bible in one entry. “My bones are troubled. ” Tall and stout at around 300 pounds, he was the classic gentle bear of a man, his family said. He graduated from Wagner College in 2010 with a degree in sociology but without solid plans, they said. Behind the scenes, his troubles had already begun. “I had only been drinking, but when I started college I started smoking and eventually selling marijuana,” Mr. Ayers wrote in 2015, according to a transcript of the journal provided by his brother. “It seemed harmless at first, but I guess it wasn’t enough and I started to experiment. ” This led him to pills. “And as the saying goes, ‘That was that,’” he wrote. “It went from a weekend thing to a     thing only at night and eventually to an everyday thing. ” He traveled to his brother Christopher’s home in Virginia in January 2015 to get away from the island. He stayed a month, attending church with his brother and    who were expecting a child, and discussing his troubles with his brother’s pastor. But he also took mysterious drives to Baltimore, Christopher said last week. Asked why, Christopher said, Mr. Ayers told him he was visiting friends. When Mr. Ayers returned to New York in February, his brother noticed $1, 100 missing from his home, and he gave Mr. Ayers an ultimatum: Go to rehab or you’ll never see your niece. Mr. Ayers had been to an outpatient center on Staten Island, but had returned to pills, his family said. This time, he traveled to Florida for a   program. Mr. Ayers’s experiences were similar to those of many addicts on Staten Island. It is a widely held belief that one must leave the island to get clean. “We can’t just do the same old stuff we’ve been doing,” said Diane Arneth, the president and chief executive of Community Health Action of Staten Island, a treatment center. “This really is an incredible crisis. ” She said treatment centers have discussed identifying “crisis points” in an addict’s downward spiral when they are open to the possibility of treatment, such as after an arrest or a visit to the emergency room, where they might meet with a counselor. “That’s where people shift,” she said. Staten Island police officers see these crisis points every day, and they carry small containers of Narcan, a brand of naloxone, within easy reach in their pockets. Squirting it up the nose of an unconscious drug user blocks the absorption of opiates and stops an overdose. One officer, Crystal Vale, has saved three people with Narcan in the past year. “From being unable to respond, to being fully awake and not wanting to go to the hospital,” she said last week. She said she was present when a man was revived with Narcan, and when officers, paramedics and the man himself compared notes, they realized it was the third time he had been brought back from the brink  —   the Lazarus of Staten Island. Another officer, Louise Sanfilippo, has logged 13 Narcan saves in a year and a half. She uses the antidote so often that she hurries to restock after a save, uncomfortable with an empty pocket. “I never have none on me,” she said. The island lacks a   crisis center and relies on    offices to treat   drug addicts looking for help. “People don’t need help just during regular business hours,” Ms. Arneth said. Mr. Ayers stayed clean after Florida, but not for long. “I should have never went to that damn party. Even deleting all the numbers out of my phone didn’t protect me from this,” he wrote in April 2015. “I felt so ashamed and I wasted the past 50 days of my life and let everybody down who believed in me. ” He kept using: “I can’t even look at my mom in the eye right now. All I do is ruin her life. ” A year passed. He got a job at a bar. But his mother would come home from work at Wagner College and find him on the couch. “‘I’m so sick, I’m so sick,’” he told her, Ms. Ayers said. “He’d ask me for money for Suboxone,” a prescribed drug that curbs opiate cravings, “and I gave it to him. ” In August, he wrote his last journal entry: He needed to get his life together “or I’m going to end up in jail or worse dead. ” On Thursday, Sept. 8, he said he had been to the doctor and that his prescription would be ready on Sept. 10. On Sept. 9, his mother came home from work. He was on the couch. He asked a question that almost every mother of a certain age has heard before, practically a rite of passage. Can I get a ride to the mall? He said he needed to meet a friend who had some extra Suboxone and was waiting at the massage chairs outside a Chase bank. “I don’t know where that is,” he told his mother. She did. She drove him to the mall. He said he would be right back. It is unclear exactly what Mr. Ayers did inside. But the massage chairs were right where he was told they would be, along with, his family assumes, what he came for. There he likely paused, figuring out a next move that would be his last, his mother waiting in the car outside, an escalator before him, the Red Robin below.",0
5230,"Pelosi: GOP Has ’Anti-Woman Agenda, LGBT Agenda’ - Breitbart","During Saturday’s “AM Joy” on MSNBC, House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( ) argued that the GOP has an “ ” and   agenda.  “[The Republican] agenda is very similar to [President Donald Trump’s]. If you look at their budget over the last few years, if you look at their opposition to anything to do with the environment, to climate change, and the rest, if you look at their   agenda, LGBT agenda, you name it, they’ve been there sooner, longer and in some cases, worse,” Pelosi said to Joy Reid. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
5231,Speaker Ryan’s Pending Choice: Raise Voters’ Wages or Raise Companies’ Revenues - Breitbart,"House Speaker Paul Ryan has a critical choice to make in the next few days: Whether he will please company executives by allowing them to import more     visa workers, or else please the GOP’s base of   Americans by helping them get jobs at higher wages? [Business groups, led by the H2B Workforce Coalition, want him to include language in the 2017 supplemental budget which would allow companies to import another 100, 000 or more     visa workers for summer work at low wages. The supplemental must be completed by April 28.  But   groups want the number of visas kept at 66, 000 for the year, which will force companies to raise wages and to recruit some of the millions of young Americans who have dropped out of the workforce.  The   group thinks Ryan has decided to back   voters. “Speaker Ryan’s decision to exclude the   returning worker exemption in the funding bill is a rejection of the business lobby’s desire for cheap labor and a signal that Americans will come first under the [Donald] Trump administration,” said a statement from the Federation for American Immigration Reform. The statement continues:  Speaker Ryan is showing he stands with American workers by refusing big business calls for more cheap labor. Keeping the   worker exemption out of the government funding bill puts businesses on notice that Congress will no longer turn a blind eye to the harm mass immigration causes American workers. In December,  Ryan decided to not include the “returning worker” exemption in the 2017 federal budget, after he supported it in the 2016 budget. The exemption in the 2016 budget allowed companies to exempt visas for new   workers from the annual cap of 66, 000 visas if those workers had been an   worker in the previous three years. That “returning worker exemption” effectively boosted the annual size of the program from 66, 000 up to a maximum of 264, 000. If that exemption is reestablished for 2017, the   inflow would be larger than the annual inflow of roughly 110, 000   employees via the   visa program, which is mostly used by information technology and medical industries. Ryan’s retreat from the   program is a notable change. He has long been an avid supporter of companies seeking to hire “any willing worker” from overseas in place of   Americans  —   but the resulting economic and civic damage to American communities allowed Trump to take over the GOP and get elected in 2016. However, aside from his   turnabout, there’s little evidence that Ryan supports Trump’s successful populist campaign promise of lower immigration and higher wages. On the other side of the debate, business groups say they can’t get needed workers, despite offering somewhat higher wages. They’re short of seasonal landscape workers, bricklayers, kitchen crews, hotel maids, foresters, and fish processors, and even trainees for those jobs, say company executives.  “We just don’t get applicants   …     [even thought] we do everything we can imagine” to recruit new season workers, said Glen Ellison, the owner of Ceres+ a landscaping and architecture company in Colorado. He offers his   workers a starting wage of $15. 11 an hour and U. S. workers even more. “Nobody wants to do the hard labor  …     I have hired every single high school kid that comes to my company,” he said. There are too few vocational schools teaching skilled trades to teenagers as the older workers retire, and too few Americans are willing or even capable of manual outdoor work, say employers. Society grants little status to   skilled work, and provides too much   welfare for people who don’t want to work, employers say.  The problem is worsened by the federal government’s refusal to penalize companies who hire illegals to undercut companies which hire Americans, said Gary Woodworth, chief executive officer at Gallegos, a building company in Colorado. Such hiring is “prevalent,” said Woodworth, who opened a   apprenticeship program and pays new employees $16. 55 an hour, or $34, 000 a year.  To sway Ryan and other legislators, company owners and executives from The   Workforce Coalition flew into D. C. on Wednesday to lobby their members of Congress.  The executives also tailor their argument for GOP leaders, saying the   workers support additional jobs for Americans and will go home at the end of each season, unlike illegal immigrants. Business advocates have won partial support from roughly 40 House members, who asked agency officials in   to minimize wastage in the distribution of the 66, 000 2017   visas.  A similar letter was signed by 31 Senators, led by North Carolina Republican Sen. Thom Tillis, who strongly supported   immigration programs when he was a state legislator.  More importantly, 53 House members signed a March 30 letter to leaders in the appropriations committee asking for the “Returning Worker Exemption” to be reestablished. The House signers include Republicans Barbara Comstock from Virginia, Kristi Noem from South Dakota, Elise Stefanik from New York, Thomas Massie from Kentucky, Barry Loudermilk from Georgia, and Tim Murphy from Pennsylvania. Business requests to hire foreigners instead of Americans usually receive a warm welcome in the established media, such as the Wall Street Journal. However, supporters of the visa workers programs know they are pushing a rock uphill after Trump’s shocking victory in November, which was powered by   voters eager for reductions in   immigration. “Brave folks” are still willing to push for an amnesty and increased inflow of   admitted Michele Stockwell,   of public policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center, at a March 2 meeting. Nationwide, “wages for the   remain stagnant or in decline and well below what they were in 30 years ago,” despite company complaints, said Steven Camarota, the research director at the Center for Immigration Studies. That huge social and political problem will be solved if legislators let the domestic labor market work, as labor supply will rise to meet higher wages and better recruiting, he said.  For example, roughly 10 percent of American “prime age” men, or 7 million men aged 25 to 54, have stayed out of the nation’s workforce of 160 million amid the glut of cheap immigrant labor. The   Americans are not trying to get jobs, and are not participating in the nation’s labor force, largely because of low wage rates, according to an August statement by Jason Furman, the chief economic advisor to former President Barack Obama. The glut of workers is worsened by the federal government’s immigration policy. Each year, four million Americans turn 18 and begin looking for good jobs in an increasingly automated economy. But the federal government annually imports one million new legal immigrants plus one million new contract workers  —   including the   and    —   who are used by companies as cheap workers, as   customers, and as urban and suburban renters. However, there’s much anecdotal evidence that the growing economy  —   and the gradual reduction of illegal immigration  —   is forcing companies to solve their workforce problems by offering higher wages, by training unskilled workers and even by recruiting unemployed Americans in     rural counties. The worker shortage has set off a “bidding war” for employees among Colorado landscaping companies, said Ellison.  “We’re starting to see people get more competitive” by offering higher hourly wages, said Jeff Seifried, president of the Chamber of Commerce in Branson, Mo. “We’re seeing a buck, $1. 50, or sometimes $2 raises   …     [up to] the $11 plus range,” he said. The city’s seasonal employers need many people to clean hotel bedrooms, serve food and run entertainment facilities, but they can’t raise wages too high for fear of deterring     customers, he said. Each year, the city offsets wage pressure by importing roughly 1, 000   and   visa workers.  But the cap on visa workers is forcing the companies to raise wages, broaden recruitment campaigns, to improve roads and regional bus services so that seasonal workers can commute from longer distances. Some companies are even considering providing weekday housing for seasonal workers who do not wish to move permanently from their distant homes, Seifried said. In Maine,  the Bangor Daily News recently reported that employers have started recruiting former convicts: “Johnson, of the Somerset Economic Development Corp. has observed felony records to be ‘one of the big barriers’ to employment for Maine men, though employers are starting to be more open to hiring people with criminal records in response to the workforce crunch. ” But the national data shows no significant wage growth for   workers: Politically, if GOP leaders reject business’ demands for more contract workers, “it would put the Democrats on the defensive because it would be a substantial and real way for [President Donald] Trump to be the champion of workers over employers,” said Camarota.  “One of the challenges in the U. S. economy is to draw back in the many people [who are] out of the workforce and one of the best ways to do that is to let wages rise,” he said. But, he warned, “it will take several years of strong wage growth to get them back to what they used to get paid, and even then they would be poor. ” This year, he said 19 months before the 2018 election, “why not let their wages rise?” ",0
5232,Malaysia to Buy Ships From China in Another Blow to US Regional Dominance,"US Keen to Keep South China Sea Nations Buying From Them, Not China by Jason Ditz, October 28, 2016 Share This 
United States determination to keep its South China Sea territorial disputes with China going rests heavily on having nations with active claims in the sea as US client states, particularly those with claims that conflict with China’s. That used to be, with several nations having such claims. 
But the US is struggling to keep those nations exclusively buying US arms. Today’s big loss was from Malaysia , which has announced they intend to buy littoral mission ships from China, instead of the United States. Details on the decision-making process are unclear, but the US problems with their own littoral combat ships breaking down, so that might’ve hurt their chances. 
It’s a comparatively small deal, but part of a growing trend. Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte has been making headlines for weeks with his interest in ending long-standing reliance on the US. While this has grown into complaints about general US-Philippines relations, one of the early grievances was his not liking the US dictating arms sales, and expressing interest in buying from China and Russia instead. 
If these countries start buying their arms from China, they’ll have a strong incentive to resolve maritime disputes with China diplomatically, which could severely limit their interest in having warships patrolling through the area to “confront” China. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
5233,"Steve Bannon: ‘Hobbits and Deplorables Had a Great Run in 2016,’ but It’s Only ‘Top of the First Inning’","Stephen K. Bannon, former Breitbart News executive chairman, founding host of Breitbart News Daily, and now chief strategist for the incoming Trump White House, made a special appearance on the final live show of 2016. [“I’m only doing this because of the great audience we’ve got here and your producing team, led by Caroline Magyarits  —   and you, Matt, that you’re hosting the thing. So, glad to be on,” Bannon told SiriusXM host Matt Boyle.  “This was the most amazing year we’ve seen, both here in the United States and overseas,” Boyle said, describing those events as a “revolt of the working class. ” “It’s pretty amazing,” Bannon agreed. “As you know, with the website, with Breitbart and with the radio show, particularly the weekend show and then the daily show, we’ve been following this and reporting on it for years. ”  “It’s something we saw build up particularly in Europe, with the great team we’ve got over in London, led by Raheem and James Delingpole,” he said, referring to Breitbart London chief editor and frequent Breitbart News Daily host Raheem Kassam. “That led ultimately to Brexit, after all the different European Parliament votes they had and everything that UKIP kind of led. ” “And then here in the United States, where we saw it build up in the primaries, and then in the general election,” he continued. “I think we’ve lived through an historic time. I think we’ll talk about what happened in this year politically for many, many decades to come. It was exciting to live through it, and very exciting to be at SiriusXM, you know, the Patriot Channel with the show, and at Breitbart to actually see and report on it and comment on it. ” Bannon said, “The best thing we ever had was both the comments section at Breitbart and the callers, the great audience we’ve got here at SiriusXM, to call and share every day what their feelings were. ” “We used to tease, after John McCain made that speech that time, that called our audience ‘hobbits,’ it was always great to hear what the hobbits had to say because at the end of the day what they had to say was what mattered most,” he said. Bannon’s message to the hobbits and “deplorables”  —   to quote Hillary Clinton’s memorable slander of Trump voters  —   was to keep in mind that it’s only the “top of the first inning” for their movement. “You’ve got to stay engaged,” he advised, pleased to see high levels of engagement in “traffic at all the different sites, and the activity you see, the comments sections at the various sites you see, and how great the radio show is doing. ” “The Trump administration, I think it’s three weeks from the day exactly is when President Trump will take the oath of office. So let’s hold people accountable and stay engaged. There will be a lot of exciting activity over the next couple of years,” he promised. “Stay engaged. Stay on top of stuff. I think ’17 will be actually more exciting than ’16 was. ”  “So continue to go to various sites that are out there, where you get your news and information, and then obviously continue to listen to the various shows on the Patriot Channel. You’ve got so many great shows  —   you know, David Webb, Wilkow, Sean Hannity. You’ve got really a whole raft of great guys, Mark Levin, and of course the     Breitbart News Daily and Breitbart Weekend shows,” he recommended. Bannon anticipates that 2017 will be as much of an “exciting time” as 2016 was. “We don’t like to try to guess what’s going to happen in the future, but I’ve got to tell you, I think people were very engaged in this election, and I think will be very engaged as time goes forward. The key is to hold people accountable. The hobbits, or the deplorables, had a great run in ’16. Everybody mocked them and ridiculed them, and now they’ve spoken. I think ’17 is going to be a very exciting year,” he predicted. “I noticed on Breitbart over the last month or two, as either certain appointments were made or certain things were done that didn’t comport with behavior that the deplorables or the hobbits thought were correct, it was interesting to see some of the articles written on the site, and the intensity in the comments,” said Bannon.  “I think that’s great,” he said. “People are engaged. They feel like they have a voice. Just continue on. I know that on the show, you guys have been doing a great job every day with the production team and the great folks at SiriusXM. So it’s just going to be a great year. Let’s just stay engaged. ” He concluded by applauding Boyle for doing a great job and said to the Breitbart News audience and callers, “I really miss you guys. Have a great New Year, and look forward to talking with you guys early in 2017. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
