id,title,text,label
14529,OBAMA’S CHIEF OF STAFF WARNS AMERICA…He’s Not Going Away Quietly: Promises “Audacious Executive Actions” Including Gun Control,"The big question is who, in Congress has the will to stop him? Keep your notepads handy America, and start keeping track of who you will and won t re-elect in 2016.White House chief of staff Denis McDonough pushed back against the notion his president is played out in the wake of his last State of the Union address, promising  audacious executive action  in Barack Obama s final year in office.During a breakfast with reporters in Washington, D.C., on Tuesday, McDonough responded to the observation that the president s final speech before Congress lacked the usual pledge to  go it alone  if lawmakers failed to act.Coupled with the feeble executive actions on gun control announced earlier this month, had President Obama rethought the utility of acting unilaterally on issues important to the White House?  We ll do audacious executive action over the course of the rest of the year, I m confident of that,  said McDonough, explaining that President Obama s decision not to outline specific executive actions was more about a commitment to process than a lack of willpower. Process is your friend, but process also dictates what you can do,  McDonough said.  And we do want to make sure that the executive actions we undertake are not left hanging out there, subject to Congress undoing them. In addition to gun control, the White House has expressed interest in further unilateral actions on immigration reform, and in working around Congress to close the prison in Guantanamo Bay. But McDonough said the White House is considering executive action on any and all issues, and that the main question President Obama plans to ask himself is  Why not?   And so that s the spirit through which we ll approach this last year,  McDonough said.Via: National Review",0
14530,WHAT’S HILLARY HIDING? Hillary’s Campaign Dodges Questions About Goldman Sachs Speeches [Video],"During the Democrat s debate, Hillary Clinton said she d  look at  releasing the transcripts of her speeches to Wall Street s Goldman Sachs. John Podesta defends Clinton on Chris Mathews using the artful dodge:",0
14531,"BREAKING: OBAMA’S “Director Of Diversity” Donates Hundreds Of Thousands Of Tax Payer Dollars To Open Borders, Other Radical Groups","Of course anyone on Obama s  Team Fundamental Transformation of America  is exempt from any of the  consequences the rest of America would have to face for the same unlawful actions To meet the Obama administration s goal of  implementing a robust diversity strategy  at the Department of Defense (DOD), the agency s director of diversity violated government rules by distributing hundreds of thousands of dollars to controversial leftist groups. Adding insult to injury, a  consulting  firm gets nearly half a million dollars from the DOD to help distribute the money to groups even those that don t qualify that support the Pentagon s  diversity strategy and program objectives. Among the recipients is the notorious open borders group League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC), Minority Access Inc., a Maryland-based nonprofit committed to decreasing disparities and reducing incidences of environmental injustices, and the renowned National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). Others include the Society of American Indian Government Employees and the Asian American Government Executive Network. In all, the Pentagon s Office of Diversity Management and Equal Opportunity (ODME) gave these and other groups north of $300,000, according to a DOD Inspector General report released this month. These are considered  affinity  groups involved with networking or professional associations that are often race, ethnic background or gender based, according to the report.The high-ranking official who violated DOD and government rules by doling out the cash to unqualified  non-federal entities  (NFE) is Clarence Johnson, the DOD s Director of Office of Diversity Management and Equal Opportunity. In 2010 Johnson, a veteran Pentagon official, was assigned to assist the Army in implementing a robust diversity strategy. The position came with a hefty budget to support diversity outreach functions and Johnson launched a cash giveaway, filling the coffers of groups that should not have received public funds. In its report the DOD watchdog concludes that Johnson  improperly co-sponsored NFEs that he had selected.  Auditors found that Johnson spent $301,000 on NFE sponsorships and recommend  corrective action.  The money flowed through a company called New Concepts Management Solutions (NCMS) that was evidently handpicked by Johnson. In 2012, the Office of Diversity Management hired a consulting firm called Deloitte for $480,554 to handle the diversity outreach allocations.Here s a brief breakdown of how some of the money was divided. The Thurgood Marshall College Fund Leadership Institute Conference got $25,000, the Society of American Indian Government Employees got $12,000 for a training conference and a conglomerate called Latina Style Outreach received $20,000. LULAC and the Hispanic Engineer National Achievement Awards Corporation (HENAAC) received $25,000 each. It appears that Johnson knew well that he was violating agency rules when he headed the diversity crusade because the report reveals that the DOD Office of Special Counsel has consistently said that the agency should not  sponsor  non-federal entities like the ones Johnson gave money to. In addition to money, Johnson provided these various groups with logistical manpower compliments of Uncle Sam.It s unlikely that Johnson will face any repercussions for his transgressions or, at most, a weak slap on the hand. He certainly appears confident in testimony to investigators probing his violations.  My job is to grow, or focus on growing, the presence of minorities and women  in government jobs with higher pay scales, Johnson told investigators. He added that the mission of his office is diversity outreach, which involves informing the diverse audience. This is why he seeks affinity groups that have a  national reach  and influence.President Obama has made it his mission to culturally transform government by teaching federal workers about diversity, race and gender, healthcare disparities and cultural competencies. The effort has affected practically every major agency, including the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and Health and Human Services (HHS), among others. It s been a costly initiative for taxpayers. A few months ago a Judicial Watch investigation found that the Obama administration has paid a Chicago-based firm millions of dollars to strengthen the federal workplace with its brand of diversity consulting. This includes two recent DHS contracts for $24,000 and $10,000 and one for $8,500 from the Department of Energy (DOE). Via: Judicial Watch",0
14532,"BOOM! Trump Allows Pro-Illegal Alien Heckler To Ask Question, Then Destroys Her With This Response [VIDEO]","Performances like the one in the video below by Trump in NH, are why people are lining up for hours to see him appear at his rallies Businessman Donald Trump OWNED a heckler today at his sold-out event in New Hampshire.There were so many people at the rally reporters were locked out and there was a line of cars stretching outside the city limits. Illegal immigrants are the backbone of our country? I don t think so, darling,  Donald J. Trump responded to a heckler who interrupted his campaign rally.  You know what the backbone of our country [is]? People that came here, and they came here legally. People that came here to this country legally, and they worked their ass off, and they made this country great. Via: GP",0
14533,STOP RAPING OUR WOMEN AND CHILDREN…OR ELSE: Finland’s “Soldiers Of Odin” Are Defending Citizens Against Muslim Migrant Rapists,"UK MailOnline was given exclusive access into the lives of the vigilante group,  Soldiers of Odin.  The publication  however seems hell-bent on tying this group of men, patrolling the streets to protect Finnish women and children, to their founder who was admittedly a neo-Nazi. The one point they seem to be missing in their attempt to cast a negative shadow on this group, is that they are keeping the Muslim migrant rapists in line. There has not been one reported incident of violence by this vigilante group to date, and we have to believe the women and children in the neighborhoods they re patrolling must be grateful for their presence. I think it s going to be a war between local people and immigrants.    Soldiers of Odin member Foreigners can t go out alone after dark anymore. It used to be safe to go out in Finland at night, even by yourself, but now we just don t have the courage to do it.    MigrantA gang of vigilantes led by a violent neo-Nazi go on night time  migrant patrols  on the streets of Finland, with some talking of  ethnic cleansing  in the wake of the country s mounting immigration crisis.The self-styled  Soldiers of Odin  march in a mob, wearing bomber jackets with their logo on the back. They have vowed to take direct action to  protect their wives, girlfriends and children  after a migrant influx to the liberal Scandinavian country.The gang   which claims to have cells across Europe   says it mobilised after a rise in migrant-related crime over the past 12 months because the Finnish government has  screwed everything up .We went on patrol with The Soldiers of Odin, described by some as far-Right fascists, as they pounded the streets of Kemi, western Finland, clad in black and led by a snarling mastiff dog towards the city s refugee centre. The Government screwed things up so bad, and we are the consequence,  says masked Jani, 27, one of the group s leaders, who works in a paper factory by day.Intimidation: A member of the Soldiers of Odin in Kemi takes his large snarling Spanish mastiff dog on patrol around a local migrant shelter Politicians are allowing migrants to rape our women, and they are doing nothing about it. There will be a war on the streets, and we are ready to fight. Founded in September by ex-convict Mika Ranta, a self-confessed, violent neo-Nazi, Soldiers of Odin is one of an increasing number of anti-migrant groups springing up across the continent.The group insists it has no connection to the Swedish football  firms  who went on the rampage in Stockholm last week, and says it has not been involved in violence. But according to police, it is just a matter of time.The vast majority of the Soldiers of Odin are working-class. MailOnline met a dustman, several steel workers, a mechanic, a truck driver and a factory worker, all of whom patrol regularly with the group. Many more are unemployed, casualties of Finland s three-year economic downturn.Almost all of them have criminal records, with several having served lengthy prison sentences.The criminal record belonging to Juha-Matti Kinnunen, 27, one of the Joensuu leaders, is typical. With 30 offences to his name, including fraud, robbery and violence, Kinnunen was also convicted of desertion from the military.The group s number of Facebook likes, currently at almost 25,000, is growing daily. It claims to have 600 members in more than 25 cells across Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Poland, Germany, Estonia, Hungary   and even in Britain and the United States.Many local people find the group intimidating. In Joensuu   an eastern town with a history of skinhead violence, where Odins are banned from most bars   a female student stops her bicycle to tell MailOnline that she is  suspicious  of the vigilantes as the patrol trudges past in the snow. They are criminals and they say they are doing the job of the police,  she says.  Most people think they are neo-Nazis. With snow continuing to fall, Jani pulls out his phone and shows MailOnline a picture of a dark-skinned man kissing a young girl.  She is 12 years old,  he says, sucking on a cigarette. A local person passed us the picture and we tracked the girl down. We told her parents and they called the police. That is what we do and why we are needed. The police are doing nothing. That s why we re here. The patrol arrives at the migrant shelter in Takajarvi, Kemi. It is dark and quiet at first. Then faces of migrants appear at the windows, peering warily at the men and their mastiff straining on its leash.One African man starts typing on his phone.  In a few minutes, his friends will come down with iron sticks,  Jani says.  It happens a lot. But with one call on a walkie-talkie, I can get 30 guys here and they will back off. The Odins loiter for a while, but no such gang appears. So they move on to the youth club where the alleged migrant harassment took place.When questioned by MailOnline, neither the teenagers nor the youth leader know anything about it. But they are tolerant of the Odins, even as they gather outside the building in a pack. We are quite safe, so it s a bit silly. They look off-putting, but they don t bother anyone,  Marko Ketusman, the youth leader, tells MailOnline. Some of them are radicals, but a lot of them are husbands and fathers trying to process their worries about migrants. They are not a bad group. For entire story: UK Daily Mail",0
14534,LIBERAL LUNACY IN ACTION: Watch This Dirty Democrat Pull A Bait And Switch On Illegal Alien Border Law,"There was testimony today regarding illegal minors flooding our southern border. John Conyers said it s  unAmerican  to stop them from crossing. He struggled to read the prepared statement on illegal minors. He claimed that  illegals aren t committing an illegal act . Notice how he reclassifies illegals as refugees. This is what the left wants to do with illegals. If they all claim persecution then it s their ticket into the U.S. It s how they FEEL and not something they have to PROVE. Yea, typical government stupidity. So now we have a free for all at the border where anyone can come and they get in because they are now considered a  refugee . Not to mention, Obama just reinstated the  catch and release  program where the border patrol just releases the illegals once they catch them. Crazy!",0
14535,WATCH: MUSLIM WOMAN ADMITS OBAMA CAME TO MOSQUE TO GET VOTES…Human Rights Attorney Destroys Obama’s Decision,"WOW! There aren t too many non-political people willing to stand up to the lies of Obama and his ties to radical Islam. Human rights attorney, Brooke Goldstein tears Muslim woman who attended the radical DC mosque with Barack Obama yesterday apart with facts:",0
14536,"EUROPE CRASHES AND BURNS, As EU Officials FINALLY Admit Secret About “Refugees” They’ve Known For A While","The Genie is out of the bottle. Europe will never be the same. It s rich history and the uniqueness of each country is gone.Even EU officials are now finally admitting that a lot   or, rather, most   of the people we have been calling  refugees  are not refugees. They are economic migrants with no more right to be called European citizens than anybody else in the world. Even Frans Timmermans, Vice President of the European Commission, made this point this week. In his accounting, at least 60pc of the people who are here are economic migrants who should not be here   are from North African states such as Morocco and Tunisia. As he told Dutch television:- These are people that you can assume have no reason to apply for refugee status. Swedish officials are coming to a similar conclusion, saying that as many as 80,000 of the mainly young men who have gone to Sweden as  refugees  in the past year alone are no such thing.Now there are the usual attempts to crowd-please from certain politicians and officials who are talking about how they might have to deport these people. But they won t, will they? Does anybody honestly believe that the Swedish authorities are currently preparing to deport 80,000 fake asylum seekers from their country?Or let us assume that the 60pc figure is correct for Germany and that 60pc of the people who have arrived in Germany in the past year alone should not be there. Given that it has taken in more than a million people in the last twelve months, is Germany now going to deport as many as three quarters of a million fake asylum seekers from its territory? Of course not. They will not even attempt it. Everybody in Europe knows that. And everybody following events and weighing up their chances from outside Europe knows that.Everybody on earth now knows that Europe s present leaders lack either the will or the means to enforce their own laws. So more people will come next year, and the year after that and the year after that. All in the knowledge that once you re in, you re in. If the facts were otherwise then Sweden, Germany and other countries across the continent would currently be preparing to ship hundreds of thousands of people out of Europe and back to their countries of origin. But they re not.And so the numbers coming in will increase, and the politicians will keep posing, and the European peoples will rightly get more and more enraged at the fact that their continent is being taken away from them. Eventually perhaps even the constant bogeyman warnings about the  far-right  will lose their capacity to scare. Not good times ahead, I d say. Via: UKSpectator Is there is enough courage in America to fight the mass invasion of Muslims into our nation? We have generations of men and women who have given their lives to make America the greatest nation on earth. Are we willing to sit back and let progressive politicians and radical leftist organizations like MoveOn.org turn our country into another Syria, with warring Muslim factions hell-bent on the destruction of Christianity and Judaism? ",0
14537,IS MARCO RUBIO The Republican Obama On Immigration?,"Is Marco Rubio the Republican Obama, or has he been unfairly characterized by his opponents in the GOP?  Wednesday s cover of La Opini n, the nation s largest daily Spanish-language newspaper, prominently portrays donor-class favorite Sen. Marco Rubio with the infamous  hope and change  imagery that defined Barack Obama s presidential campaign.The cover of the Spanish-language paper writes:  The Republican Obama? The surge of the Latino Senator in the presidential campaign has made him a target of criticism on the subject of immigration. Marco Rubio and Barack Obama share many of the same policy goals, such as Obamatrade and military intervention in Libya, but their most striking similarities are on the subject of immigration. Both men support citizenship for illegal aliens, expanded refugee resettlement, more green cards, more H-1B visas, and large permanent expansions to the rate of immigration and foreign worker importation.Marco Rubio was the co-author of the 2013 Obama-backed immigration bill. Rubio s immigration bill was endorsed by La Raza, the AFL-CIO, SEIU, Rep. Nancy Pelosi , Rep. Luis Gutierrez , Sen. Harry Reid , Mark Zuckerberg, and George Soros. Rubio has not renounced his support for a single policy item outlined in the Gang of Eight bill including his desire to triple green card issuances, double foreign worker visas, and grant citizenship to illegal immigrants.Rubio has even borrowed much of the language of the Obama s campaign prompting Joe Scarborough to mock the young Senator. Following the Iowa caucus,  Morning Joe  replayed Obama s 2008 acceptance speech celebrating his victory at the Iowa caucus and juxtaposed that with Rubio s strikingly similar Iowa speech celebrating his campaign s ability to inch up to third place. You know, I have said for a year that he is the Republican Obama,  Scarborough said.  He is the Republican Obama and he just stole the speech  In my opinion having somebody with little experience before they become president has not actually been great.  SCARBOROUGH TELLS IT LIKE IT IS: In that sense, Rubio is the  Obama  for Republican donors, but not the Republican Party s actual voters. Indeed, whereas Sen. John McCain lacked the Obama-esque tools to pass mass immigration for the donors in 2007, Rubio was able to bypass conservatism opposition and pass a bill with far more foreign workers through the Senate in 2013 using the affection of conservatives to neutralize opposition to a top donor class priority.Via: Breitbart",0
14538,[VIDEO] “Low Energy” Jeb Bush Asks NH Audience To “Please Clap” For Him,"The sad and almost pathetic end of the Bush dynasty Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush had to ask his audience to clap during a speech at a campaign stop in New Hampshire on Tuesday.Here's Jeb Bush asking an audience in New Hampshire to ""please clap"": https://t.co/xiaOYIufy0 @shiftmsnbc pic.twitter.com/x0Uc5Fl8gr  NTA by Mic (@NavigatingTrump) February 3, 2016Bush had just finished talking about how he would protect the country as commander in chief, The New York Times reported. I think the next president needs to be a lot quieter, but send a signal that we re prepared to act in the national security interests of this country to get back in business of creating a more peaceful world,  he said. The audience responded with silence. Please clap,  Bush then said, in a quieter tone, and the crowd laughed and obliged. Via: The Hill",0
14539,HYSTERICAL! HERE’S HILLARY Yelling It Out On The Campaign Trail,"It s been said that Hillary Clinton isn t likable well, here s exhibit A on why people aren t fans: ",0
14540,"GROUP WITH TERROR TIES Encourages Muslims To Swing U.S. Presidential Elections: “Turn Your Islamic Centers, Mosques Into Registration Centers For Voters”","The idea that a tax-exempt radical organization in the United States of America with ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, a terror organization can influence our vote by suggesting Muslims register voters in Mosques should be shocking to every American.Could anyone imagine the outrage if non-profit groups were advocating churches register voters to support the Republican party?The last time the Muslim Brotherhood got involved in an election, it ended with a tyranny, church burnings, terrorism, a civil war, mass sexual assaults on women and a popular uprising against it.Presumably the local Muslim Brotherhood crew is hoping for a better outcome in the United States than they ended up with in Egypt, as Sharona Schwartz at The Blaze Reports.The head of the Council on American-Islamic Relations said that Muslims could comprise the swing vote in the presidential elections if 1 million of them register to vote, as he urged them to turn mosques into polling stations this November. I believe we have at least 1 million Muslim eligible voters in this country. We have to register every single Muslim to vote in 2016. The Muslim vote can be the swing vote in major states,  CAIR Executive Director Nihad Awad said at the Muslim American Society (MAS) and Islamic Circle of North America (ICNA) annual conference in Chicago, according to video posted earlier this month.Awad explained that CAIR   which is prohibited from engaging in political activity due to its registration as a tax-exempt organization   would not be the vehicle by which a candidate would be endorsed. He said another organization would be set up to promote the Muslim-friendly presidential candidate.Awad urged all Muslims to register to vote and to use Islamic centers as polling stations. Turn your centers, Islamic centers, mosques into registration centers for voters, into polling stations during the election time,  he said. Via: Frontpage Mag",0
14541,THE REAL TRUTH ABOUT WHY OBAMA Is Planting Muslim Refugees In Small Towns Across America,"This is the best explanation of why Obama and the Democrat party are fighting so hard to keep the US State Department s Refugee Resettlement program going strong.  Please share this with everyone who s been wondering why the Democrats are so eager to bring Muslim immigrants from countries who hate us, to America, while leaving Christian refugees from the same countries behind. To hell with terrorism, the Democrats want to win even if it s at the expense of our national security Looks like my old stomping grounds in Montana are heating up. People there are not taking Obama s plan to force refugees on them lying down. There was a protest in Missoula, Montana recently over that very issue. It is just one of many battles brewing out there in small town America.Small towns in the sparsely populated parts of America are the perfect place to relocate these refugees. Especially, if your agenda includes politically terraforming the country. The West is historically conservative in their politics. Many are Republicans and Libertarians. Even the Democrats hearken back to an earlier time when they were more conservative in nature. Obama and the Democrats can t have that. They need to have an entire country willing to submit to Marxist diktats. They need areas seeded with those who will vote Democrat and ensure that they stay in power no matter what.And it s not just voting demographics that are pushing this move either. I personally believe that there is a warped logic to all of this. That if Islam can be made the predominant religion in America, people will be more easily controlled. That s insane of course and won t work, but there you have it. Instead, Shariah law will be implemented and you will see the same atrocities occurring in Europe happen here. The big difference being, that at least for now, Americans are armed and will use those weapons to protect their neighbors, loved ones and country.Of the 237 Syrian refugees admitted to the U.S. since the attacks in Paris just one has been a Christian. The rest have been Muslims.CNS News reports that according to data from the State Department Refugee Processing Center, since the November 13 attacks the U.S. has admitted 236 Sunni Muslim refugees from Syria and a single Christian   a Greek Orthodox refugee.Bringing in the refugees also moves forward the Cloward and Piven strategy to overwhelm the system so it will collapse and cause chaos in the streets. These people want to tear the system apart, so they can replace it with something truly heinous. The Obama administration will never admit that this is the plan, but can you honestly look at what is going on today and tell me it isn t? Our borders are wide open. We are not vetting anyone to speak of and security here in the US is worse than before 9/11.Communities in states such as Idaho, Montana, North Dakota and Kansas are being infused with Muslim refugees even though they are not wanted by the residents or the local law enforcement. The feds and their leaders are not giving them a choice. Wyoming is the only state currently not participating in the program, but even the governor there wants to jump in it. Living in large cities would be too costly for the refugees and more can be accomplished with seeding them across the plains. In a small town, they can turn everything to their advantage in short order. Since many of our larger cities are already flooded with immigrants from south of the border and from Muslim nations, in many respects they have at least partially fallen to the ploy already. This is the fundamental transformation of America in play. South Carolina, Idaho, Minnesota, North Dakota and Michigan are vigorously fighting against this program and Obama s  change .The same entitlements, jobs, lodging and freebies will be given to these refugees in small town America. But that will mean taking more and more away from locals in these same communities. These immigrants bring crime and disease with them. As crime rises, people will leave which will hasten the take over of these towns. At least that is what Obama and his friends hope for. I pray that people dig in and decide to stay and fight if they can.We haven t learned a damned thing from watching what is going on over in Europe. How do you justify the rapefugees in Germany and Sweden, who treat rape as game for a large number of players at a given event? How can you ignore the violence, the murders, the depravity that is the Ummah? What s wrong with these people? Do money and power mean so much to them that they don t care that they are selling America out to a hellish nightmare movement? Imagine your wives, daughters, mothers, neighbors  little children  subjected to these beasts. What would you do?For entire story: Trevor Loudon ",0
14542,WHOA! RAPE VICTIM RIPS INTO HILLARY For Enabling Bill’s Sexual Abuse Of Women [Video],A woman was asked if she would vote for Hillary Clinton and the interview got an earful:,0
14543,BREAKING NEWS: RAND PAUL Has “Suspended” His Campaign,"Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky announced Wednesday he is suspending his presidential campaign. Although, today I will suspend my campaign for president, the fight is far from over,  Mr. Paul said in a statement.  I will continue to carry the torch for Liberty in the United States Senate and I look forward to earning the privilege to represent the people of Kentucky for another term. Leisa and I had the privilege of hearing Rand Paul speak on Mackinac Island in Sept, 2015. We videotaped his speech and hope you ll take a few minutes to hear what he felt were the most important issues America faces today. He turned a room full of Republicans who were talking amongst themselves and barely interested in what he had to say, to a crowd of people who were totally engaged within minutes of his powerful speech. He won the crowd over that night and went on to win the straw poll which included every GOP Presidential candidate, many of whom attended the same event. We wanted to share this with you, as we believe Rand Paul brings up some very important points. Love him or hate him, Paul is a true patriot who clearly loves this country. He will be missed by many and we believe he was, and will continue to be an important voice in conservative politics.Mr. Paul finished fifth in the Iowa caucuses earlier this week. Across the country thousands upon thousands of young people flocked to our message of limited government, privacy, criminal justice reform and a reasonable foreign policy,  he said.  Brushfires of Liberty were ignited, and those will carry on, as will I.  Via: Washington Times",0
14544,WATCH WHAT SOME SAY Is Voter Fraud In Action During The Iowa Caucus [Video],"After the split vote in the Iowa caucus race between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders there has been talk of voter fraud by the Clinton camp. The video below was posted to CSPAN with a headline that s pretty intriguing. Please watch the video and tell us what you think A description is below as well:Hillary Clinton arose the winner, but not until a coin-toss gave her one delegate s vote, and a fracas resulted in more delegates for her in precinct #43 in Polk County.An anonymous user uploaded the video to CSPAN, along with the subheadline:  Caucus chair and Clinton precinct captain do not conduct actual count of Clinton supporters and deliberately mislead caucus. After the final totals are announced for Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, three Sanders supporters approach the administrators of the caucus and dispute the tally.They got the big eye roll for asking to recount:View post on imgur.comReddit user cosmicjesus3 broke the accusation down:So basically in the caucus they have to hand count everyone depending on what side they re sitting on. Well when it came time to do the second count the numbers were off. The first vote breakdown was like thisFIRST VOTE: 215 Sanders 210 Clinton 26 O Malley 8 Undecided 459 TOTALAnd this is the SECOND Vote: 232 Clinton 224 Sanders 456 TotalSo somehow they lost 3 people but Clinton s vote went up by 14.So basically what had happened was Hillary s team didn t take the time to do a full recount instead she just added the new people who joined the second vote. Which clearly wasn t an accurate count. Via: IJReview",0
14545,YIKES! WATCH CONSERVATIVE HOST EMBARRASS Trump-Hater On FOX “Outnumbered” Show,"You gotta hand it to her Whether you love or hate Trump Fox News  Andrea Tantaros is right on the money with her assessment of the National Review s unabated hate for Trump National Review s Rich Lowry gleefully bashed Trump on  Outnumbered  for coming in second in Iowa. Tantaros let him have it.Rich Lowry: He went to Iowa and HE LOST! And he was beaten fair and square by Ted Cruz. And if this thing would have gone one more day Rubio probably would have clipped him. It s because he skipped the FOX debate, he insulted one of the anchors Andrea Tantaros:  This is what I don t understand. The party has shifted into a nationalist mode and the voters are angry and they ve been discounted and insulted by your publication. It s really, really rude  Tell me this logic. This is the logic I m hearing from you. Third place is a win. Second place is a loss and first place is irrelevant?Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14546,Germany’s Angela Merkel Makes Incredibly Naive Announcement: EVERY MIGRANT MUST LEAVE…After THIS One Condition Is Met…,"Perhaps Merkel should have considered the serious consequences of Germany s compassionate open border policy that allowed over 1 million (mostly) Muslim males to infiltrate their country. German officials essentially granted them permission to rape and sexually assault their women and children while they looked the other way. But that s not all Germany is giving them free food, housing, education and spending money to boot. Does Angela Merkel really believe that when she tells these freeloading Muslim males that it s time to go back home, that they re going to pack up their bags and leave? As Germany s open-door refugee policy comes increasingly under fire, the Chancellor has tried to silence her critics.Despite mounting pressure to cap the number of refugees in the wake of the Cologne sex attacks which saw 130 women sexually assaulted by men, believed to be migrants, Mrs Merkel has stood her ground.Some 1.1million migrants entered Germany last year, many fleeing conflicts in Syria and Iraq.Mrs Merkel said:  We need   to say to people that this is a temporary residential status and we expect that, once there is peace in Syria again, once ISIS has been defeated in Iraq, that you go back to your home country with the knowledge that you have gained. Mrs Merkel said 70 per cent of the refugees who fled to Germany from former Yugoslavia in the 1990s had returned.She urged other European countries to offer more help  because the numbers need to be reduced even further and must not start to rise again, especially in spring .Speaking to a regional meeting of her Christian Democratic Union (CDU), Mrs Merkel said said all EU states should have an interest in protecting the bloc s external borders, and all would suffer if the internal passport-free Schengen zone collapsed and national borders were closed.Peter Altmaier, who Mrs Merkel has tasked with overseeing the government s handling of the refugee crisis, said the government was negotiating with some countries including Turkey about taking back criminal refugees who arrived via non-EU countries.Yeah because what nation in their right mind wouldn t gladly accept  criminal refugees  into their country? Gee, we sure hope Merkel isn t foolish enough to believe there aren t any members of ISIS living comfortably in refugee housing or camps inside their open-borders.Via: Express UK ",0
14547,Homeless Man Dies Next To 4-STAR HOTEL…Your Blood Will Boil When You See Who Is Living Inside Hotel,"LIBERAL COMPASSION: This story is a perfect example of how the Left is leaving citizens behind in favor of invaders from other countries. Why are we allowing politicians to have this kind of power? Where are the voices of the citizens who are watching their heritage and centuries of a rich history in their countries being stolen overnight by strangers, many of whom are looking for a better economic situation?A homeless man has been found dead in the centre of Bolzano. The corpse was found by some passers-by in a makeshift bed made from cardboard boxes, alongside the wall of the Hotel Alpi, which is currently being used to house refugees. According to the investigators  initial information, there were no traces of violence on the man s body.Here is a photo of the lobby in the 4-star Hotel Bolzano:Here is an image of the  refugees  who live there. This was taken in July last year, as they were staging a protest about not being given enough milk. Please note the  refugee  with the smart phone and earbuds. The suffering of these refugees can be summed up in this one picture:Via: ANSA.it Trentino AA/s",0
14548,HOW HILLARY CLINTON Has Secured Her Husband’s Legacy As “A Rapist” And Hers As An “Enabler” [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton is a professional panderer. There is no vote she won t attempt to secure, no matter the cost. In reality, her desire to gain the vote of young women in America will only harm her, as her call to stop the sexual assaults against women on campuses across America only shines a light one of the ugliest aspects of the Clinton Crime Syndicate. Bill s pattern of sexual abuse, and Hillary s willingness to sit back and watch will undoubtedly to come back to haunt them. Anyone who thought Hillary could get away with this phony compassion for women who are truly sexual victims, underestimates the disdain that women on both sides of the aisle have for her and her serial rapist husband.Articles have now appeared in two left of center websites, VOX and Slate, noting that it s hard to dismiss Ms. (Anita) Broderick (claims of sexual assault by Bill Clinton) given the new progressive consensus on believing victims. Well the injunction to believe victims gained currency among progressives because of a potent mix of gender theory and advocacy statistics.The theory came from the legal scholar Catharine MacKinnon, who taught that: Feminism is built on believing women s accounts of sexual use and abuse and by men.  The statistics were supplied by activist researchers who claimed that women almost never lie about sexual assault. Now those activist statistics have been shredded, but among progressives, the doctrine of sexual victim infallibility, that lived on. But if victims are infallible, then those they accuse, must be presumed guilty. And that brings us to the Clintons. Hillary Clinton has signed on to that theory. Watch here: ",0
14549,HYSTERICAL! HILLARY CLINTON Upstaged By Man Behind Her Eating Campaign Stickers [Video],A man with stickers on his face must have been pretty hungry last night. He was the hit of the night with this Vine going viral: ,0
14550,BAM! THIS ONE PICTURE Proves Michael Moore Wrong On Socialism vs Capitalism, Michael Moore seems to think that socialism is better than capitalism He Tweeted out last night that socialism is about  fairness ,0
14551,BREAKING: TED CRUZ WINS IOWA,"Is this Ted Cruz win going to harm Trump s momentum? How meaningful is this win?GOP contender, Mike Huckabee has announced he s dropping out. On the Democrat side, Martin O Malley has  suspended  his campaign Republican candidate Mike Huckabee just dropped out of the race https://t.co/AJnvxypP4B  Business Insider (@businessinsider) February 2, 2016With more than half of precincts reporting in the Iowa caucuses, Ted Cruz is leading Donald Trump on the Republican side, and Marco Rubio is trailing close behind.On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton is clinging to a narrow lead over Bernie Sanders.Cruz, in the GOP race, is leading by only a few percentage points over Trump, 28-24 percent.With returns still streaming in, Trump rallied supporters in Clive, Iowa. We re going to start winning again. We re going to win with trade. We re going to win with health care. We re going to win with everything,  Trump said.Entrance polls show Trump dominating among first-time caucus-goers. But Rubio was leading among late-deciders, and early returns showed Rubio in a strong third-place position, and rising, with about 23 percent.Meanwhile, Clinton is narrowly leading Sanders, according to incoming returns.They show her holding onto a 50-49 percentage point lead.Entrance polls show Clinton leading among seniors, and Sanders leading among young voters. Via: FOX News",0
14552,CLUELESS HILLARY SUPPORTERS Endorse Karl Marx For Vice President [Video],MARK DICE goes out on the street in San Diego and asks people to sign a petition to help get Karl Marx on the ballot. Oh my gosh! Americans are clueless! ,0
14553,“GET ANGRY”: HOW OBAMA’S “Purple Army” Is Teaming Up With Illegal Aliens To Steal The Vote In 2016,"The Democrats will stop at nothing to win this election. They didn t fight so hard to let millions of illegals cross our borders because they were feeling especially compassionate. They don t do anything without an ulterior motive stealing the vote is their ulterior motive The Service Employees International Union is teaming up with four Latino advocacy organizations and a key House Democrat to convert as many of the 5 million Latino permanent residents into U.S. citizens and voters as possible before Election Day.Leading the charge is Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-Ill., who said Thursday that he believes the  stand up to hate  push can get 1 million of those Latinos naturalized by May, which would see them become citizens in time to register for the presidential election.The campaign s mantra is  Naturalize. Register. Vote. Gutierrez advised Latinos to  get angry  over the anti-immigrant rhetoric emanating from Republican presidential candidates  then naturalize, register and vote. Can you believe calling all Mexicans rapists?  he asked during a conference call announcing the New American Democracy Campaign, referring to controversial comments made by real estate mogul and former reality TV star Donald Trump.  Banning all people of one religion from the United States? There s nothing the groups can do to speed up the naturalization process, but the initiative is aimed at making sure the millions of legal permanent residents trade in their green cards for citizenship.Gutierrez said he s excited to travel across the country, starting in his hometown of Chicago, to attend as many of the nearly 100 naturalization seminars that the collaborating organizations are putting on. He also plans to hit Colorado, Florida and Nevada, among other states with significant Latino populations.The groups involved are: iAmerica Action, Latino Victory Foundation, Mi Familia Vota, National Partnership for New Americans, and the SEIU. Via: Washington Examiner",0
14554,TOP NAVY COMMANDER RELEASED After Reportedly Revealing Secret About Obama,"Seven years ago, this story would ve seemed like something from  The Onion  (a satirical publication). Unfortunately where Barry Sotoero, aka Barack Hussein Obama is concerned, nothing is unbelievable, and truth seems to be stranger than fiction  Recently, a new Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) report was released stating that one of the United States Navy s top commanders was released from command after he sent out an email revealing that President Barack Obama was in the process of purchasing a multi-million dollar seaside villa in Dubai.The report indicates that Rear Admiral Rick Williams, Commander of the US Navy s Carrier Strike Group 15, posted a query on January 8 to the Naval Institutes  Readiness Kill Chain.  It inquired why Navy security and intelligence personal had been dispatched from a Naval Support Facility in Thurmont to an  Obama house hunting mission.  The message has since been deleted.As to the  Obama house hunting mission  Admiral Williams was making his query about before being fired, this report continues, SVR intelligence  assests  in the UAE identified it as being a luxury seaside villa located in the Palm Jumeirah development of Dubai being offered for sale at the price of $4.9 million (18 million United Arab Emirates Dirham), and which a deposit on it was made this past week by the Washington D.C. based global public affairs company Podesta Group. Important to note about the Podesta Group, this report notes, is that its leader is Tony Podesta, who aside from being one of the most powerful oligarchs in the US, is a close personal friend of President Obama too.Within 18 hours of posting the query, Vice Admiral Noral Tyson fired Admiral Williams on orders from President Obama. Her action was reportedly  due to a loss of confidence in his ability to command  based on  allegations of his misuse of government computer equipment. To cover their tracks, the Pentagon reportedly began releasing  anonymous  stories that Admiral Williams had been viewing pornography on his computer. Of course, this is an impossibility due to the US Navy/Marine Corps Intranet (NMCI), which blocks such sites. Via: Conservative Post",0
14555,FEEL THE BERN! Watch Bernie Sanders’ Supporters Embarrassed By Their Own Hypocrisy In Hysterical “Gotcha” Video,"Roger Simon of PJ Media asks Bernie Sanders  supporters at a recent rally why they re supporting him. They all seem to be in agreement that one of the primary reasons for supporting Bernie is because they believe he will stick it to the billionaire s in America. Because in the end, it s all about getting more free stuff and someone s gotta pay for it right?Watch their priceless reactions when they find out who s funding the rally they re attending: ",0
14556,TED CRUZ IS CONFRONTED BY ANGRY FARMER IN IOWA…Watch How He Responds,"Ted Cruz is one of the few GOP candidates who in unafraid to speak out against government subsidies for energy. Unfortunately, many of the farmers in Iowa are receiving subsidies (money back from the government taxpayers) and are not very interested in supporting politicians who want to prevent those subsidies from coming in the mail.Watch Ted Cruz convert a farmer who s been eating from the Democrat trough, into a voter. He does a brilliant job of explaining to this angry farmer in simple terms, how government is the problem and not the solution. Cruz explains that the government should not be in the business of using taxpayer dollars to pick the winners and losers in the energy business. He goes on to explain that by removing government restrictions and allowing the free market to work, the farmer will actually be better off in the end.https://youtu.be/I6cUDscjrNg",0
14557,WOW! HILLARY’S GOT GOVERNOR OF IOWA Shakin’ In His Boots: Here’s Why He’s Afraid Of A Clinton Loss There [Video],Wow!Hillary s got the governor of Iowa shaking in his boots..Asked by Tucker Carlson if he s worried about a Clinton loss:  She s vindictive!  ,0
14558,KEY TERROR GROUPS EMERGE As U.S. Grip On Afghanistan Unravels,"Obama pulled troops out so this created a vacuum whereby the terror groups could come in and take over. Terrorists in Afghanistan control more territory than at any time since 2001 as America s grip on the country continues to unravel amid a spike in violence that has made Afghanistan more dangerous than ever, according to a new government oversight report.The Afghan government has lost control of about 30 percent of the country, with terrorists linked to the Taliban, ISIS, and other groups moving freely in the region, according to new findings by the Special Inspector General For Afghanistan Reconstructions, otherwise known as SIGAR. The lack of security has made it almost impossible for many U.S. and even some Afghan officials  to manage and oversee ongoing reconstruction projects that could total billions of dollars, according to the report, which found that the Afghan government has control of more than 70 percent of the country.The deteriorating security situation has endangered oversight operations meant to ensure that billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars are being appropriately spent. American military casualties also have risen as terrorists gain a renewed foothold in the country, according to the report. The security situation leaves billions and billions of dollars  worth of U.S.-funded projects and programs out of the reach of any American officials,  said an oversight official not authorized to speak on the record. Afghanistan proved even more dangerous than it was a year ago,  according to the report.  The Taliban now controls more territory than at any time since 2001. Vicious and repeated attacks in Kabul this quarter shook confidence in the national-unity government. About a year after U.S. coalition forces turned security operations over to Afghan forces, the situation continues to worsen, particularly due to the Afghan forces inability to properly conduct operations.Read more: WFB",0
14559,GOOD GRIEF! HILLARY TELLS ANOTHER WHOPPER Just Hours Before Iowa Caucus [Video],"Ed Henry of FOX News tells us tonight that Hillary Clinton lied again! Just hours before the very important Iowa Caucus, Hillary gives voters another reason not to trust her AND not to vote for her. ",0
14560,“TEFLON” TRUMP WINS SUPPORT From Unlikely Groups Of Voters,"Trump is winning support from latinos and from Union Members   two groups that typically vote Democrat. What is it about this candidate? We d love to know your thoughts. This has been an interesting election year so far and will only get crazier. It s a turning point Trump has support from 38 percent of Latino voters followed by Ted Cruz with 15 percent and Jeb Bush with 14 percent. The New York Post reported:Thirty eight percent favor Trump, followed by Cuban American Ted Cruz (15 percent), Jeb Bush (14 percent) and Cuban American Marco Rubio (8 percent), according to the national poll conducted by the Beck Research for the American Federation for Children. If you re trying to stop Trump   this poll should trouble you,  said pollster Deborah Beck.From Day 1 of his presidential campaign, Trump got into hot water with Hispanic organizations for asserting many Mexican immigrants are rapists, criminals and drug dealers. His campaign has since gained steam for his tough talk on building a border wall and making Mexico pay for it and implementing a temporary ban on all Muslims from entering the United States. This poll finds that he s building a committed base of voters. Trump is proving to be Teflon, and despite his statements about Hispanic voters, 38 percent of Hispanic Republicans back him,  said Beck, president of Beck Research LLC.The other group that s an unlikely supporter is the Union vote:In September, union leaders rocked the political world by suggesting Hillary would not just automatically get their nod; that Republican candidate Donald Trump could be in play for their consideration, in part due to Hillary s rejection of the Keystone Pipeline, while Mr. Trump supports it.Mr. Trump has a history of dealing with Unions on his real estate projects around the country.The source of the attraction to Mr. Trump, say union members and leaders, is manifold: the candidate s unapologetically populist positions on certain economic issues, particularly trade; a frustration with the impotence of conventional politicians; and above all, a sense that he rejects the norms of Washington discourse. They feel he s the one guy who s saying what s on people s minds. Read more: Gateway Pundit",0
14561,BREAKING NEWS: Obama To Meet With Special Guest In Oval Office… Is This Proof That Hillary’s Campaign Is Officially Over?,"Has our lawless President finally conceded that even he can t save the head of the Clinton Crime Syndicate? Oh well, lucky for Hillary that  Orange is the new black! President Barack Obama will meet with Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders at the White House on Wednesday, the White House said on Tuesday. The two will meet privately in the Oval Office and there will be no formal agenda,  White House spokesman Josh Earnest said.Sanders, a Vermont senator and self-described democratic socialist, is challenging former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination for the November presidential election. Via: Reuters",0
14562,HILLARY CLINTON FINALLY ASKED About The Non-Disclosure Agreement That She Signed Which Obliterates Her Email Defense,"Artful dodger Hillary Clinton dodges getting to the meat of the question regarding a non-disclosure agreement she signed when she became SOS. Notice in the interview how she talks about e-mails not being make classified. The kicker is that the e-mails do not have to be MAKED classified to be classified.  You know, you ve said many times that the emails were not marked classified,  said ABC News  This Week  host George Stephanopoulos. ",0
14563,OBAMA TO VISIT MOSQUE WHERE RADICAL IMAM Condones Suicide Bombings…Even MORE Unbelievable Is List Of Muslims Who Committed Horrific Acts Of Terror Against Americans Who Prayed There,"Our Imam In Chief told America he was a Christian when he wanted us to elect him in 2007. His Black Liberation Theology Pastor of hate later revealed that Barack only used the church as a way to boost his status as a community organizer. He s been openly mocking Christianity for years now and now, of all the mosques in America he feels compelled to visit, it just happens to be one with a radical Imam and ties to several terrorists who have committed atrocities against Americans.All is forgiven with ignorant liberals who believe terror organization CAIR, when they say Obama just wants to send a message of inclusion and mutual respect. President Obama is set to speak next week at a mosque which was led for over a decade by an Imam who justified suicide bombings in some circumstances and who helped found a mosque with ties to Al Qaeda.The President will visit the Islamic Society of Baltimore on Wednesday and deliver remarks there, the White House confirmed on Saturday. This will be the first time the President has paid an official visit to a mosque during his seven years as President. However, Obama has toured mosques while on overseas trips. The president believes that one of our nation s greatest strengths is our rich diversity,  White House spokesman Keith Maley said, confirming reports.  As the president has said, Muslim Americans are our friends, and neighbors; our co-workers, and sports heroes   and our men and women in uniform defending our country. The Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR) which has been declared a terrorist organization in the United Arab Emirates and was named by federal prosecutors as an unindicted co-conspirator in the Holy Land Foundation s Hamas-funding operation welcomed Obama s decision. For a number of years we ve been encouraging the president to go to an American mosque,  said CAIR spokesman Ibrahim Hooper.  With the tremendous rise in anti-Muslim sentiment in our country, we believe that it will send a message of inclusion and mutual respect. But critics of Obama s decision may question his choice of the Islamic Society of Baltimore, where Mohamad Adam el-Sheikh, a native of Sudan and former member of the Muslim Brotherhood, led the institution for eighteen years as its Imam.Before becoming Imam there, el-Sheikh helped found the Muslim American Society, an outfit created by Muslim Brotherhood members.In 2004, he told the Washington Post, commenting on Palestinian suicide bombers:  If certain Muslims are to be cornered where they cannot defend themselves, except through these kinds of means, and their local religious leaders issued fatwas to permit that, then it becomes acceptable as an exceptional rule, but should not be taken as a principle. El-Sheikh also helped found the Dar Al-Hijrah mosque, which was once led by the deceased infamous Al Qaeda terrorist Anwar Al Awlaki.When he left the Islamic Society of Baltimore, El Sheikh became the Imam of Dar Al-Hijrah, following Awlaki s escape from the U.S. after the September 11 attacks.The Dar Al-Hijrah mosque was founded thanks, in part, to a large grant from Saudi Arabia s Embassy in the United States, which allowed for the large facility to accommodate some 5,000 Muslims.Dar Al-Hijrah, which is located right outside Washington, D.C., is connected to several high-profile Islamic terrorists who prayed there, including Major Nidal Hassan   the Ft. Hood massacre jihadi, two September 11 hijackers, and an unindicted co-conspirator in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing.Via: Breitbart News",0
14564,OBAMA’S FIRST VISIT TO A U.S. MOSQUE Raises Questions About Its Extremist Ties,"Adding insult to injury is what Obama does best. here he goes again thumbing his nose at America. Not only is he visiting a mosque claiming Americans have been misbehaving bigots (we haven t) but he s visiting a mosque with extremist ties!  There he goes again poking his finger in the eye of America. One thing he hasn t held back on this last year of his presidency is showing his true colors by screwing America. The Baltimore mosque President Obama has chosen as the first U.S.-based mosque to visit during his presidency has deep ties to extremist elements, including to the Muslim Brotherhood.The White House announced on Saturday that Obama will visit the Islamic Society of Baltimore (ISB) on Wednesday. He has visited several mosques overseas as president but has resisted visiting one in the homeland. The purpose of the trip, according to the White House, is to  celebrate the contributions Muslim Americans make to our nation and reaffirm the importance of religious freedom to our way of life. But ISB is a curious choice for Obama s first domestic visit.The mosque is a member of a network of mosques controlled by the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA), a Muslim civil rights group named as an unindicted co-conspirator in the 2008 Holy Land Foundation terror case. Several executives with that organization were convicted of sending money to aid the terrorist group Hamas.Read more: Daily Caller",0
14565,UPDATE: CRUZ COMMENTS On His Desperate Vote Shaming In Iowa,"UPDATE:Texas Sen. Ted Cruz is defending a campaign mailer that Iowa s secretary of state says misrepresents election law.The mailer bills itself as a  voting violation  notice and tells the recipient it s been sent due to  low expected voter turnout in your area.  It then grades the recipient s voting history and that of several neighbors, citing public records.Cruz told reporters in Sioux City, Iowa, on Saturday that the mailing is  routine. He says he won t apologize for  using every tool we can  to encourage Iowa residents to vote.Iowa Secretary of State Paul Pate says in a statement that there s  no such thing  as an election violation related to voting frequency and that insinuating otherwise is  not in keeping in the spirit of the Iowa Caucuses. How is it that Ted Cruz is opposed to gov t data collection yet he s using  big data  mining to shame voters in IOWA into voting for him. Strange, very strange.Residents have been receiving notices like this one:THE COPY AT THE BOTTOM READS: You are receiving this election notice because of low expected voter turnout in your area. Your individual voting history as well as your neighbors  are public record. Their scores are published below, and many of them will see your score as well. CAUCUS ON MONDAY TO IMPROVE YOUR SCORE and please encourage your neighbors to caucus as well. A follow-up notice may be issued following Monday s caucuses . Cruz, a critic of excessive government data collection, has been notably aggressive about gathering personal information for his campaign. Some of the data comes from typical sources, such as voters  consumer habits and Facebook posts. According to several sources, a donor-funded US startup embedded in Republican s campaign has been paying UK university academics to collect psychological profiles on potential voters. The result is a personalized citation sent to Iowan voters from the Cruz campaign.On Friday evening, personalized letters target individual Iowa voters and identifies them as having failed to vote in prior elections. Much like the China  social credit  system, it knows too much about its citizens, and it identifies the neighbors of the voter, and provides their voting history and their score as well.Ted Cruz claims to be running a positive campaign and paints himself as a trustworthy conservative. Attempting to shame voters into caucusing for him with these completely fake  Voting Violation  letters is a sleazy tactic that is sure to leave a bad taste in the mouth of undecided voters. Worse still was his decision to go ahead with sending these letters not thinking he would get caught. In the social media age, when you do something bad, people are bound to find out and expose you. This was clearly a last ditch desperation tactic from a campaign that has been going in the wrong direction in the polls for weeks now.Via: Red State Watcher",0
14566,HYSTERICAL…THE DEMOCRAT CONVENTION Schedule Is Revealed,"LOL! You ll want to share this with everyone Democrat Convention ScheduleMonday, 25 July 2016 11:30 AM Free lunch, medical marijuana, and bus ride to the Convention. Forms distributed for Food Stamp enrollment.2:30 PM Group Voter Registration for Undocumented Immigrants.5:00 PM Opening Flag Burning Ceremony Sponsored by CNNTuesday, 26 July 2016 9:00 AM Address on  Being the Real You  Rachel Dolezal, former Head of the Seattle NAACP10:30 PM  How to Bank $200 Million as a public Servant and claim to be broke  Hillary Clinton2:00 PM  How to have a successful career without ever having a job, and still avoid paying taxes! A Seminar Moderated by Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson5:00 PM Medals of Freedom presentation to Army deserter Bo Berghdal Baltimore Looters Wednesday, 27 July 2016 8:30 AM Invitation-only Autograph Session Souvenir photographs of Hillary and  Chelsea dodging Sniper Fire in Bosnia9:00 AM Tribute to All of the 57 States Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi9:30 AM General vote on praising Baltimore rioters, and on using the terminology  Alternative Shoppers  instead of  Looters 11:00 AM The White House  Semantics Committee  Meeting General vote on re-branding  Muslim Terrorism  as  Random Acts of Islamic Over-Exuberance 1:00 PM  Liberal Bias in Media   How we can make it work for you  Tutorial sponsored by CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN, PBS, the Washington Post and the New York Times with Guest Speaker, Brian Williams3:00 PM Tribute Film to the Brave Freedom Fighters still incarcerated at GITMO Michael Moore5:00 PM Personal Finance Seminar    Businesses Don t Create Jobs  Hillary ClintonThursday, 28 July 2016 9:00 AM Group Condemnation of Bitter Gun Owners.9:30 AM Ceremonial  We Surrender  Waving of the White Flag to Afghanistan, Russia, and ISIS.10:00 AM Short film,  Setting Up Your Own Illegal  Email Server While Serving in A  Cabinet Post and How to Pretend  It s No Big Deal  Hosted by Hillary Clinton11:00 AM Announcement of VP Nominee Chris Stevens, with a quick rebuttal and withdrawal when Hillary realizes he s someone she got killed in Benghazi11:30 AM Official Nomination of Hillary Bill Maher and Chris Matthews",0
14567,OBAMA THROWS HILLARY UNDER THE BUS: E-mail Scandal Just Got Real With This Devastating Blow,"Obama decides to throw Hillary under the bus Is anyone surprised?The Obama administration leveled a devastating blow to Hillary Clinton on Friday by admitting for the first time that her personal email server contained the highest levels of classified U.S. intelligence.The White House said 22 emails from former secretary of state s  home brew  server must be censored from public view when the State Department releases its final batch on Friday.Diplomatic Security and Intelligence and Research bureaus will now try to determine if any of the emails were marked classified at the time of transmission.Fox News chief intelligence correspondent Catherine Herridge has noted, however, that any discussion about marked or unmarked emails is a legal red herring because trained officials   like Clinton   can spot such intelligence without blatant indicators. It is the content that is classified   not the format it is in,  Herridge said Jan. 21, WND reported.  To suggest to people that there is somehow a big rubber stamp with  classified  that s smacked on every document is completely misleading and that s something you only see in the movies. Mrs. Clinton knows better because she had to have special training as secretary of state because she has classification authority. Sources told the network on Friday the emails were  too damaging  to release under any circumstances. The documents alone in and of themselves set forth a set of compelling, articulable facts that statutes relating to espionage have been violated,  a former senior federal law enforcement officer said.What do YOU think? Can Hillary NOT be indicted? Sound off in today s WND pollNearly 100 FBI special agents are attempting to determine whether Clinton violated a subsection of the Espionage Act related to  gross negligence  in handling government documents. Agents are also trying to discern whether co-mingling of the Clinton Foundation and State Department business violated public corruption laws.Clinton campaign spokesman Brain Fallon called the decision to censor Clinton s emails  overclassification run amok. We firmly oppose the complete blocking of the release of these emails,  Fallon said statement, AP reported.  Since first providing her emails to the State Department more than one year ago, Hillary Clinton has urged that they be made available to the public. We feel no differently today. The White House s acknowledgment comes just over a week since it was revealed that Clinton s server contained  special access programs,  or SAP. Read more: WND",0
14568,HOW BLACK LIVES MATTER Terrorists And Cop Killings Can Be Traced Back To Barack Hussein Obama,"One of my personal favorite conservative writers, Nick Short has done an amazing job in this piece, where he traces the roots of the Black Lives Matter and cop hating movements to our Divider In Chief. If you re not familiar with his work, Nick Short at politicallyshort.com is worth visiting. His work is supported  by reader donations. If you re so inclined to support him, I m sure he would appreciate it. When the organization known as Black Lives Matter (BLM) was first formed right after George Zimmerman s acquittal in the death of Trayvon Martin on July 13, 2013, most overlooked the true intentions of the group beyond their calls for  justice . Fast forward to today and it can no longer be overlooked that their calls for justice now result in retaliatory violence against those whom they believe are the oppressors, namely those being white people in general and police officers specifically. By tracing the origins of the organization back to its philosophical formation in the 1960 s, we can begin to see how BLM is rooted in the radical ideological beliefs espoused by none other than President Barack Obama.Before we get to that point though, it is crucial for us to understand that BLM was founded by three militant feminists by the name of Alicia Garza, Patrisse Cullors, and Opel Tometi. While each played their part in contributing to the creation of the group, Garza is the driving force as she detailed the philosophy behind BLM in her October 2014 article titled A Herstory of the #BlackLivesMatter Movement. Garza writes the following in regards to BLM s philosophy: Black Lives Matter is a unique contribution that goes beyond extrajudicial killings of Black people by police and vigilantes. It goes beyond the narrow nationalism that can be prevalent within some Black communities, which merely call on Black people to love Black, live Black and buy Black, keeping straight cis Black men in the front of the movement while our sisters, queer and trans and disabled folk take up roles in the background or not at all. Black Lives Matter affirms the lives of Black queer and trans folks, disabled folks, Black-undocumented folks, folks with records, women and all Black lives along the gender spectrum. It centers those that have been marginalized within Black liberation movements. It is a tactic to (re)build the Black liberation movement. Alicia Garza explains why she started the Black Lives Matter terror movement. Notice how she ties her hate for law enforcement into her discussion about taking action against anyone who doesn t agree with their radical tactics:The Activist Web: Alicia Garza from Ford Foundation on Vimeo.The key takeaway from Garza s statement is found in the last two sentences primarily as she notes that BLM was created with the intention to  (re)build the Black liberation movement.  The reason this statement is of utter importance is because it ties directly to the idea of Black Liberation theology, which was the doctrine taught to Obama for over twenty years at his church in Chicago made famous by Obama s pastor, Jeremiah Wright. Black Liberation theology was first formed on July 31, 1966. In an article published by NPR it is noted that: Black liberation theology originated on July 31, 1966, when 51 black pastors bought a full page ad in the New York Times and demanded a more aggressive approach to eradicating racism echo[ing] the demands of the black power movement. What is often overlooked in the formation of the group is the linkage between the Nation of Islam and Black Liberation theology as Wright s mentor and founder of Black Liberation theology James Cone credited Malcolm X with  shaking him out of his theological complacency.  Stanley Kurtz of National Review highlighted this synergy in noting that according to Cone,  The black intellectual s goal is to aid in the destruction of America as he knows it.  Such destruction requires both black anger and white guilt. The black-power theologian s goal is to tell the story of American oppression so powerfully and precisely that white men will  tremble, curse, and go mad, because they will be drenched with the filth of their evil , wrote Cone.In an excerpt from Stanley Kurtz s piece drawing on the influence of Malcom X on Black Liberation theology, Kurtz states:So what exactly is  black power ? Echoing Malcolm X, Cone defines it as  complete emancipation of black people from white oppression by whatever means black people deem necessary.  Open, violent rebellion is very much included in  whatever means ; like the radical anti-colonial theorist Frantz Fanon, on whom he sometimes draws, Cone sees violent rebellion as a transformative expression of the humanity of the oppressed Theologically,  Cone affirms,  Malcolm X was not far wrong when he called the white man the devil. The false Christianity of the white-devil oppressor must be replaced.   Couple these words to Obama s pastor Jeremiah Wright s statement that  there will be no peace in America until whites begin to hate their whiteness  and you can begin to understand that the rhetoric behind Black Lives Matter that blames  white privilege  for virtually everything is rooted in Black Liberation theology. However Wright was radicalized , notes Bud White of NoQuarterUSA,  it is clear that he consciously appropriated the language and tenor of the Nation of Islam.  White documents the following:Wright s statement that 9/11 was deserved retribution ( We have supported state terrorism against the Palestinians and black South Africans America s chickens are coming home to roost ) is a perfect echo of Malcolm X s statement that  The assassination of Kennedy is a result of that way of life and thinking. The chickens came home to roost.  Although it appears that Wright began his focus on Black Liberation Theology sometime after 1966, his racial attitudes and rhetoric have imitated that of NOI since at least 1970. Wright s blaming the United States for creating AIDS to kill minorities is but just one example of his thinking being in lockstep with NOI. The Nation of Islam and Black Liberation Theology are two doors to the same room. Black Liberation Theology is a  palatable  form of  Christian  black nationalism. The fiery anti-American, race-baiting words of Wright, Cone, and others behind the theology of Black Liberation  are from the same philosophical cauldron as the Nation of Islam , concludes White.From the beliefs that served as Obama s bedrock foundation for his ideology, is it any wonder that today that the radicals behind Black Lives Matter and the Nation of Islam are allowed a free pass to incite as much hatred and retaliation against those they deem are the oppressors? As violence has ramped up in the first half of 2015 in targeted assassinations against police officers, little to no coverage by the media is given to a meeting that was hosted by the White House on December 1st.On December 1, 2014, Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Attorney General Eric Holder met with seven Black and Latino organizers   from Ferguson, Mo.; Columbus, Ohio; Miami, Florida; and New York City, who had been leading the ongoing actions to disrupt the status quo. In an article posted by the website FergusonAction, it is explained that during this meeting activists such as Ashley Yates were given the platform by the White House in order to reaffirm their belief that  most violence in our (their) community is coming from the police departments, and something needs to be done about it.  On December 20th  something was done about it  as two uniformed NYPD officers were assassinated in their marked car by Ismaaiyl Brinsley in what Brinsley himself boasted as an act of retaliation for the death of Michael Brown in Missouri and Eric Garner in New York at the hands of the police.The reason Yates is emphasized here is because she, like BlackLivesMatter founder Alicia Garza, praise cop killer and former Black Liberation member Assata Shakur as a martyr for their cause. Yates even created T-shirts and hoodies that read  ASSATA TAUGHT ME  in a reference to Shakur that has become part of BLM s iconography. The fact that the president would even entertain the thought of meeting with those like Yates and other  activists  who hold cop killers as icons for their movement further goes to show how Obama s belief in Black Liberation theology, primarily that retaliation and violence should be used to further their cause, has never left him. Why else would Obama have met with these  activists  unless he was sympathetic to their plight, which given the fact that Obama spent over twenty years of his life listening to Jeremiah Wright s sermons, he very much is. Since this meeting though, what cannot be dismissed is the fact that violence in the form of targeted assassinations of both white people and police officers, have ramped up.And it will only get worse the longer we continue to allow Obama s Department of Justice to remain idly complicit.",0
14569,UNDERCOVER VIDEO EXPOSES Obama’s Lies About “Gun Show Loopholes”,Steven Crowder exposes the lies Obama has been telling Americans every time he steps in front of a microphone to address gun control. The Left will stop at nothing to take our guns. Lying about how easy it is to get a gun through the  gun show loophole  seems to be a coordinated effort by the Left.Please share this video (the truth) with everyone you know.Watch this video expose the lies of the gun control Left: ,0
14570,SPOILED BRAT STUDENTS Getting Taxpayer Dollars Protest Border Patrol With Vulgar Chants,"I was just going to put up the video of this disgusting display of brattiness when I happened to read that Janet Napolitano is the president of UCSB. Well, well, well, Does anyone remember she went straight to UCSB after leaving the Obama administration as head of the DHS. Napolitano is an open borders advocate and is part of the reason we re where we are today with our border crisis. I also happened to see that the college had just approved that illegals attending UCSB can participate in the student loan program funded with TAXPAYER DOLLARS. How many of you have applied with your children for a student loan only to be turned down? Yea, it s very difficult to obtain one of these loans. How in the world did we get here? It s because we have lying, two-faced politicians who selling the taxpayers down the river Shameful!The protest at UC Santa Barbara occurred on the same day that UC President Janet Napolitano announced more than 3,000 undocumented undergraduate students would now have access to a system-wide student loan program funded by taxpayers.SANTA BARBARA   A cadre of University of California-Santa Barbara students took to the quad Thursday to protest the participation of U.S. Customs and Border Protection recruiters at a campus job fair, loudly chanting  f*ck your borders, f*ck your walls  among other slogans.The 50 or so student protestors who lined the outside of the campus building hosting the career fair held aloft a large banner stating  Undocumented Unafraid,  and also chanted  Hey hey, ho ho   CBP has got to go. We do have undocumented students here on campus who are at potential risk,  said UCSB graduate student Idalia Robles in an interview with The College Fix.  This is a very triggering event for people in those circumstances. There is no space on this campus for an organization that continues to threaten the safety of students. A video taken by a College Fix reporter shows students continuing to chant similar slogans   sometimes in English and other times in Spanish   as the demonstration continued into the afternoon.Several students declined to be interviewed by The College Fix, but the group appeared to include a mix of members from several student organizations on campus. Robles said demonstrators had mostly converged to show solidarity with undocumented students. This event is a university endorsed event, right? And there is the presence of Customs and Border Patrol. We are in a Hispanic serving institution. One of the concerns that are very present in the Chicano-Latino-Mexicana community is that of immigration and the abuse of power at the hands of immigration officers,  she said.  As someone committed to social justice, I know that this is something crucial. Students at the public university were notified Monday via email about career fair participants, along with a statement by U.S. Customs and Border Protection.The CBP statement read: Uniformed CBP staff will be on site with the sole purpose of providing students with BorderPatrolHiring1information about a broad range of career opportunities. The CBP personnel will be attending in a recruitment capacity. CBP recently launched a national recruiting strategy to aggressively recruit women, minorities, veterans, and college students. Current openings entail not only frontline law-enforcement positions, but also a variety of administrative, professional, and technical functions. Read more: The College Fix",0
14571,CLINTON CAMPAIGN MANAGER Drops Bombshell On Who He Thinks Will Win 2016 Presidential Election,"Hillary Clinton s campaign manager dropped a bombshell in his prediction for the winner of the 2016 elections and it s not Hillary. It s a signal that the Democrats need to get serious about a candidate to run against some very strong competition. The Drudge poll from last night s debate has Trump killing the competition in a YUGE way. No matter what candidate you support, it s great to have the Democrats worried. I think they need to be!In a stunning admission, Hillary Clinton s campaign manager predicts in an email that Donald Trump will become president if he wins the Republican nomination.  If Donald Trump takes the Republican nomination, our party will lose more than the presidency,  Robby Mook writes to supporters. Years of progress will be ripped away. Obamacare will be repealed. Marriage equality will be rolled back. Get excited to visit the wall on the Mexico border   and get ready to pay for it if President Trump can t magically get Mexico to cough up the cash for it. While Mook stokes fear over an apparently inevitable Trump presidency, he s also panicking over a surging Bernie Sanders.Late last night, Bernie Sanders  campaign announced they d raised $1.4 million from 50,000 donations in a single day. The day before, they announced that the Reddit community had contributed more than $1 million to his campaign.There s no denying this: His supporters are stepping up. They see a chance to win in Iowa and they re willing to go all in for their guy.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14572,OBAMA’S OPEN BORDERS Crisis Just Got Real…WHO Warns Of “EXPLOSIVE SPREAD” Of Dangerous Virus [VIDEO],"We recently reported about the deadly Zika virus coming to America from Central America. Today, the WHO Organization is issuing a stern warning about the spread of this deadly virus in the Americas.  US Border Agents warned us about the potentially deadly viruses illegal aliens were bringing across our borders over a year ago. Even CDC employees openly complained about being sick of dealing with the number of sick illegal aliens flowing across our borders. The World Health Organization warned today it expects that the Zika Virus that has spread rapidly through the Americas, particularly South America, to being  spreading explosively  throughout the Americas. One official it expects up to 4 million cases in the region in just the next year.The virus, which is spread by mosquitoes, affects mainly pregnant women, causing debilitating, sometimes deadly, brain damage to fetuses. Although there isn t a direct link, statistics are strong that children born from women who have the virus are more likely to suffer microcephaly, a neurological disorder that result in babies with unusually small heads. Many of the children also suffer Guillain-Barre syndrome, a rare autoimmune disorder that can lead to life-threatening paralysis.The level of concern is high, as is the level of uncertainty,  WHO s director general Dr. Margaret Chan said. We need to get some answers quickly. Dr. Chan called an emergency committee meeting Monday in Geneva, Switzerland, to address the Zika virus  spread. Currently, there is no way to treat Zika and authorities are concentrating their efforts on controlling the mosquito population. Via: OraTVThe virus is transmitted by the bite of Aedes aegypti mosquitos, which are found in all countries in the Americas, including the U.S., bar Canada and mainland Chile.Reports that the disease can be transmitted by sex are unconfirmed by the World Health Organization or the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Protection (CDC). It is unclear if the virus can be transmitted through human blood.Aedes mosquitos also spread the more-common dengue fever and chikungunya. Zika symptoms are typically similar to these viruses, but milder, including fever and skin rash, usually accompanied by conjunctivitis and muscle or joint pain.The outbreak has led to reports of increased numbers of women in Brazil giving birth to babies with microcephaly, a rare condition that causes the brain to develop abnormally in the womb and results in a very small head.In addition, there are reports of adult Zika suffers subsequently developing Guillain-Barre syndrome, another rare but serious nervous system disorder that can cause muscle weakness, poor coordination and paralysis.No direct links between Zika and Guillain-Barre syndrome have yet been established. It is unclear if the virus can be transmitted from mother to child during pregnancy or birth, although this is can occur with both dengue and chikungunya.Cases among travelers returning to mainland U.S. have already been reported and these instances were seen increasing by the CDC, which has warned that imported cases could cause the virus to spread in some areas of the country.The World Health Organization warned on Tuesday that the outbreak would likely reach all countries and territories in the Americas with Aedes mosquitos.Barbados Bolivia Brazil Cape Verde Colombia Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador French Guiana Guatemala Guadeloupe Guyana Haiti Honduras Martinique Mexico Panama Paraguay Puerto Rico Saint Martin Samoa Suriname Venezuela ",0
14573,WATCH TED CRUZ Insult Everyone On the Debate Stage For A Very Surprising Reason [Video],Ted Cruz provided a funny moment during the Republican debate last night: ,0
14574,"WERE HIS HANDS UP? NEW VIDEO EMERGES Showing FBI Shooting And Killing Father of 11, And Oregon Protester In Face","This is such a sad, tragic and misunderstood story by so many. Was the now deceased father of 11, LaVoy Finicum simply defending his rights as defined in the U.S. Constitution, or did he cross the line?Oregon protest leader Ammon Bundy and seven others were arrested Tuesday night. Protester LaVoy Finicum was killed in the confrontation with police and the FBI.video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo playerThe daughter of Malheur Refuge occupation spokesman LaVoy Finicum, reportedly killed by federal agents during a traffic stop north of Burns, said Wednesday her father was a loving man and loved freedom more than his life.Finicum s daughter Thara Lynn Tenney posted a message on her Facebook page last night asserting that her father had already surrendered before he was gunned down.  I want the world to know how my father was murdered today. His hands were in the air and he was shot in the face by the American authorities. Ammon Bundy reported there are 6 witnesses to this evil,  wrote Tenney.Her testimony was echoed by another eyewitness, Victoria Sharp, who was in the car with Finicum when the group were pulled over by cops and federal agents. Sharp claims that Finicum put his hands out of the car window and asked the police to allow the women to leave the car.  They shot at him, but they missed him,  said Sharp, adding that the group then attempted to drive away in the car but were shot at again by police.  When we crashed and stopped for a second, he got out of the car, he had his hands in the air, he s like  just shoot me then .and they did, they shot him dead,  said Sharp.Challice Finch said she is heading back to Arizona from her home in Texas to be with her family.Finch s father reportedly was killed by federal agents during a traffic stop on Highway 395 in Harney County, law enforcement officials are quoted as saying.The traffic stop led to the arrest of Ammon Bundy and several militia members, who appeared in U.S. District Court in Portland Wednesday afternoon.LaVoy Finicum had told reporters he would die before he would go to prison.Finicum, a rancher from Colorado City, Arizona, traveled several hundred miles to join the Bundy militia at the refuge.Now there s video  The FBI released video of LaVoy Finicum s shooting. He had his hands up. He s a great man, and just because he s dead doesn t mean his fight will not go on. He s now a martyr,  Finch said.Nevada Assemblywoman Michelle Fiore tweeted  My heart and prayers go out to the LaVoy Finicum s family. He was just murdered with his hands up in Burns, OR. Ryan Bundy has been shot in the arm. Federal agents say all in the two obeyed orders to surrender, except for two people, Finicum and Ryan Bundy.Finch said her father texted her hours before leaving to meet with the Grant County Sheriff Glenn Palmer on Tuesday, a trip interrupted by the fateful traffic stop. He sent me a text to just check on me, making sure that I was doing good and to remember to pray and to let me know that he was thinking of me, and that he loved me and was praying for me every day.  Finch said.On Wednesday Cliven Bundy, father of Ammon Bundy, told reporters his son told him the FBI murdered militia spokesman LaVoy Finicum with his hands up. LaVoy Finicum was murdered. Cold-blooded murder. They shot him with his hands up. https://youtu.be/kkIw2F6cfeoVia: Gateway Pundit",0
14575,FOX NEWS Chooses Muslim “Victim” To Question GOP Debate Candidates…You’ll Love Who She’s Supporting For President,"Islamic terrorism is the #1 issue with most Americans, so why would FOX News choose to make the debate about Muslims who believe they are  victims  in America?  Shouldn t they have addressed how Americans are becoming victims of violence by followers of Islam instead?The Islamic advocate and fashion-blogger invited by Google and Fox to question the GOP s 2016 candidates at the Jan. 28 debate is also a supporter of far-left 2016 candidate, Democrat Sen. [score]Bernie Sanders (I-VT)[/score]Noor, who describes herself as an advocate for Islam, earlier posted a video portraying Adolf Hitler in agreement with Trump.Noor s affiliation with far-left Sanders showcases the post-1960s radical political shift among America s far-left advocacy groups.Before the 1960s, these left-wing groups pushed for Marxist-style economic policies they thought would aid poorer, working-class Americans, regardless of color, by transferring wealth and power from industry and factory-owners.But after the 1960s, the far-left leaders gradually shifted their focus away from economics and towards cultural policies. Under this  cultural Marxism,  progressives believed they would aid racial and sexual minorities   and now Islamic minorities   by transferring cultural power and status from ordinary Americans, especially from white working-class Americans and away from individualistic-minded Christian churches.Many large business groups and very wealthy individuals have welcomed and funded this shift from  Economic Marxism  to  Cultural Marxism. Since then, the left s culture-war against ordinary Americans  long-evolved, equality-promoting and pro-ideal culture has forcibly imposed  diversity  on society, which has divided Americans into angry factions and sharply reduced the pre-1970s political pressure for higher taxes on very wealthy individuals.The shift has also caused the Democratic Party to fight for increased immigration, much to the delight of business groups and Wall Street, who make enormous financial gains from an increased inflow of cheap workers and welfare-supported immigrant customers. Those economic gains flow to many major companies, including Google and Fox, who are producing the Jan. 28 debate.Because of this divide-and-rule diversity strategy, progressive Democrats   including President Barack Obama   are also encouraging the migration of devout Muslims and their theocratic political leaders into the United States.The resulting spike in jihad attacks, the migrants  high use of welfare and the spread of their religious ideology   which stigmatizes woman and sexual minorities and ordinary non-Muslim Americans that are the base of the Democrats  disparate political coalition   and progressives  increasingly shrill contempt for Americans who dislike of Islamic ideology, are just the costly civic side-effects imposed on Americans by progressives  reach for political power and social status.Muslim advocates are useful for progressives because they rally immigrant Muslim voters and they help to spike American social conflicts, which boosts the civic conflict, or  diversity,  that benefits business groups and far-left, secular, anti-Christian, progressive leaders. For example, Noor s anti-Trump video initially displayed a fake twitter image claiming that Trump tweeted  Muslims should be treated no differently than sex offenders. Via: Breitbart News ",0
14576,WHOA! HOW JEB BUSH Blew Through His Campaign Cash,"Is this any way to run a campaign? Jeb Bush was living La Vida Loca with his soirees at the Four Seasons and jet set campaigning. He s not the only one to spend big. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker spent nearly $10 million before dropping out after three months. Silver spoon or just unable to run a campaign efficiently?HERE S JUST ONE GLARING EXAMPLE:Bush s prospects were far brighter last summer. Trump had yet to join the race and Bush was making headlines for the size of his war chest. His Super PAC had just cracked its goal of raising more than $100 million in just six months   an unprecedented haul in American politics.To celebrate, Jeb s parents and family welcomed their large network of well-heeled donors to their oceanside compound in Kennebunkport, Maine, where attendees were treated to rides in private trolley cars, lobster rolls and group photos with the sprawling Bush clan.There were stays at boutique hotels featuring rooftop pools, private soirees at members-only, jacket-and-tie clubs and fundraisers at the Four Seasons, the St. Regis and the Mandarin Oriental.In the world of Jeb Bush, the campaign for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination has at times been a whirl of private planes and high-end affairs, according to the federal filings of Bush s campaign and his super PAC, Right to Rise, which can raise unlimited funds for Bush as long as it does not coordinate directly with him.It is not unusual for US presidential candidates to fly private or even sometimes stay in luxury hotels. But some disgruntled donors say they are unhappy with Bush s large outlays, which also include big spending on staff and tens of millions of dollars in ad buys.Eleven of 16 major donors contacted by Reuters questioned whether it was money well spent, especially given how the one-time frontrunner has stumbled badly in the polls and is now facing questions about whether he should withdraw from the race.Via: NYP",0
14577,OBAMA’S RADICAL DHS Chief Vows To “Protect” Muslims From Americans During Speech At DC Mosque,"The Muslims faith must be protected at all costs it s the Obama way During a news briefing delivered at the All Dulles Area Muslim Society mosque in Washington, D.C., following the San Bernardino shooting, Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson vowed to  protect  Muslims from the same sort of  fear, suspicions and prejudice  that haunted suspected communists during the era of McCarthyism.And in making this vow, Johnson specifically pointed to his grandfather, reported the government watchdog group Judicial Watch, whose members managed to observe the briefing despite the mosque s leaders attempting to kick them out. In 1949, during the McCarthy era, my own grandfather was called upon to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee, to deny he was a member of the Communist Party and defend the patriotism of African-Americans,  Johnson said.  Today his grandson is responsible for the homeland security of this entire nation. Johnson sees a connection between the actions of deceased Sen. Joseph McCarthy, who used unsubstantiated accusations of communism to target anyone who dared criticize either him or the federal government, and the burgeoning movement to clamp down on radical Islamic terrorism. As Muslim terrorism hits closer and closer to home, our Homeland Security chief views the war on Islamic terrorism as a another Red scare, where Muslim terrorist suspects are Red-baited like his grandfather,  the editorial board for Investor s Business Daily wrote regarding this revelation.  No wonder this administration isn t interested in monitoring radical Muslims for terrorist connections. The irony seems thick, given that the only ones behaving like McCarthy have been President Barack Obama and his cronies, including Johnson, all of whom use disingenuous labels like Islamophobe and bigot to shut down anyone who dares speak critically about Islam or point out its obvious ties to radical terrorism. Via: CT",0
14578,FLASHBACK: Reagan Skipped Debate Before Iowa And Won In A Landslide,"Will history repeat itself, or is skipping the debate a bad idea? On Tuesday night Donald Trump and the Trump campaign announced that GOP frontrunner Trump will skip the FOX News GOP Primary debate this week in Iowa. Via: Gateway Pundithttps://youtu.be/wjKVlVLgs3MTrump is not the first Republican candidate to skip a debate. Ronald Reagan skipped the Republican debate ahead of the 1980 Iowa caucus and went on to win in a landslide.Watch stunned, leftist media, as they are stunned by reports that Ronald Reagan is winning in a landslide:Here is what the map looked like after Reagan s shocking landslide win: Bloomberg reported:Trump isn t the first top-tier presidential candidate to skip a debate. Ronald Reagan did not attend a Republican debate ahead of the 1980 Iowa caucuses, which he lost to George H.W. Bush. Reagan went on to the win the nomination and the presidency.On her Fox News program Tuesday night, Kelly said she will still co-moderate the debate.  The truth is he doesn t get to control the media,  Kelly said.  I ll be there.   The debate will go on with or without Trump. The network said in an e-mailed statement that  capitulating to politicians  ultimatums about a debate moderator violates all journalistic standards, as do threats.  Fox said it had  warned  Lewandowski  not to level any more threats  against Kelly, as when he allegedly told the network that  Megyn had a  rough couple of days after that last debate  and he  would hate to have her go through that again.   We can t give in to terrorizations toward any of our employees,  the network said.Trump told reporters the campaign will  raise some money for the Wounded Warriors.   We ll raise money for the vets,  Trump said.  I was all set to do the debate. I came here to do the debate. When they sent out the wise-guy press releases a little while ago, done by some PR person, along with Roger Ailes, I said:  Bye, bye. Trump s campaign also released a statement saying that  Mr. Trump knows a bad deal when he sees one. ",0
14579,LET’S MAKE A DEAL: CRUZ SUPER-PAC’S Will Make YUGE Donation To Veterans If Trump Agrees To One-On-One Debate,"Is this a deal Trump should take? If he walks away, will he make voters wonder if he s afraid to debate Cruz?DES MOINES, Iowa   A pair of pro-Sen. [score]Ted Cruz (R-TX)[/score] Super PACs just offered $1.5 million for veterans if Donald Trump will debate Cruz one-on-one in Iowa before Sunday evening.Keep The Promise I and Keep The Promise II offered up the sizable donation for America s veterans on Wednesday evening.The principal donors of Keep the Promise I, the Mercer family, and Keep the Promise II, the Neugebauer family, in a joint statement released Wednesday evening said:Senator Cruz and Mr. Trump both respect the veterans and hold them in the highest regard but Senator Cruz respects the process and we are calling on Mr. Trump to do the same and debates are the purest form of democracy. Iowans   and Americans   deserve to hear from the frontrunners in this  two-man race  one last time. Not only would this be a heck of a debate, but it would also be a terrific opportunity to generate millions of dollars for the veterans.The press release made clear the parameters of the pro-Cruz Super PACs  offer: The debate must be between just Trump and Cruz, must take place on or before Sunday Jan. 31 in Iowa, must be one-hour long, and the candidates can pick a jointly-agreed-to moderator themselves.The two organizations said in a press release:In response to Senator Ted Cruz s challenge of a one-on-one debate, the principal donors of the Keep the Promise I and II super PACs are offering presidential candidate Donald Trump a truly fantastic deal, pledging to donate $1.5 million to charities committed to helping veterans if Mr. Trump agrees to debate Senator Cruz in Iowa. This money is in addition to the millions of proceeds available to the veterans as a share of the revenues that this debate could secure from a host network.It s unclear at this time whether Trump would move forward with this offer. But at a rally in Des Moines here on Wednesday evening, Cruz announced he has a venue and time and place already set for it. We have a venue, we have a time   all we re missing is a candidate,  Cruz said.Via: Breitbart News",0
14580,ACTOR ROB LOWE Blasts Greedy Socialist Bernie Sanders,"It s always fun when Hollywood shows a conservative side. Rob Low does just that with his Twitter bashing of socialist whack job Bernie Sanders. Good stuff! Actor Rob Lowe invoked his  West Wing  character Sam Seaborn to blast Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders  communication style Monday night in CNN s Democratic Town Hall.Mr. Sanders attacked Wall Street for corporate greed and  recklessness,  while warning that the wealthy would have to pay more taxes under his presidency. Watching Bernie Sanders. He s hectoring and yelling at me WHILE he s saying he s going to raise our taxes. Interesting way to communicate,  Mr. Lowetweeted to his 1.22 million followers.This prompted some to ask Mr. Lowe what his  West Wing  character, a Democratic deputy White House communications director, would have advised Mr. Sanders to do instead. He would say:  modulate, senator,  Mr. Lowewrote, linking to a clip from the show, where his character took issue with some people on his own side pushing for increased taxes on the country s highest earners, CNN reported. I m not talking about policy. I m talking about rhetoric, and the men you work for need to dial it down to five,  Mr. Lowe says in the clip.VIA: WT",0
14581,FLASHBACK: DONALD TRUMP Remarks To Megan Kelly About GOP Presidential Candidates Not Attending Debate: “We’re not seeing a lot of courage here” [VIDEO],"What do you think of these comments made by Donald in December, 2011? Does it even matter to Trump followers when these clips surface of Donald contradicting his current positions?  Is he the only candidate in American history who is immune to criticism by his followers? Or are Americans so desperate to elect a non-politician who isn t beholden to the major donor class that they just don t care?Here is Donald telling the media the reason he won t agree to do FOX News Debate today:https://youtu.be/wjKVlVLgs3MWatch Donald s interesting response to Megyn Kelly in December, 2011, when she asks him:  Do you really think that you re a better moderator than I am? pic.twitter.com/cYHpjXZSc8  Stephen Wiley (@swileyNC) January 27, 2016And then, there was Donald Trump s tweet about Michele Bachmann skipping the debate:Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race  when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 4, 2012",0
14582,SMOKING GUN REVEALED: 2013 Video Of Clinton Emailing Classified Info In Negotiations [Video],Here s another revelation with video from 2013 of a State Department employee speaking about Clinton s handling of classified information. ,0
14583,MICHELLE OBAMA Dishes Dirt On Barack: “He barely got his work done…He was a bum!” [VIDEO],"Thanks for the intel Mooch. Outside of his ambition to fundamentally change America, we re pretty sure nothing has changed since the first day our entitled  President  entered the Oval Office ",0
14584,WATCH: EBONY MAGAZINE EDITOR Destroy Hillary With One Embarrassing Question,"For years now, Hillary has been able to avoid answering tough questions by simply cackling laughing. Ebony Magazine s editor-in-chief Kierna Mayo, doesn t appear to be willing to let Hillary off the hook so easily when it comes to her pandering for the  Black vote. Enjoy the ride Hillary, it looks like this may finally be the end of the road for you and your U.S. Presidential aspirations https://youtu.be/ckJg7hZubMA",0
14585,EXPOSED: REASON FOX NEWS Doesn’t Want Donald Trump On The Debate Stage… And Which Candidate They’re Pushing For,"Julia Hahn is a young, brilliant reporter with Breitbart News. She already has a reputation for fearlessly exposing corruption on both sides of the aisle. Julia does a brilliant job of exposing the truth about why FOX News will likely not be too disappointed that Trump has declined to appear on their upcoming debate. There are few news outlets that conservatives can turn to for the truth. This piece is disappointing because I, like many others have been relying on FOX News for years for unbiased reporting. When it comes to the truth about illegal immigration and amnesty, we need to keep a closer eye on FOX News, who appears to be no different than the rest of the networks when it comes to the invasion of our nation by illegals and Muslim refugees The announcement from Donald Trump s campaign that the Republican frontrunner will  definitely not  partake in Thursday night s Fox News debate has sent shock waves throughout the nation s political scene.At a press event Tuesday evening, Trump seemed to cite disparate treatment from the network as his reasoning for not participating.  What s wrong over there, something s wrong,  Trump said of the  games  Roger Ailes and the network are  playing. In asking the question of  what s wrong over there?  Trump has shined a spotlight on one of Washington s best kept secrets: namely, Fox s role via its founder Rupert Murdoch in pushing an open borders agenda. The Trump campaign is a direct threat to Murdoch s efforts to open America s borders. Well-concealed from virtually all reporting on Fox s treatment of Trump is the fact that Murdoch is the co-chair of what is arguably one of the most powerful immigration lobbying firms in country, the Partnership for a New American Economy (PNAE).In addition to blanketing the country, media, and politicians with literature, advertisements, and a barrage of lobbyists pushing for open border immigration policies, the Partnership for A New American Economy (PNAE) was a prime lobbyist for one of the biggest open borders pushes in American history: Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) 2013 Gang of Eight immigration bill.While Donald Trump has pledged to deport those illegally residing in the country and temporarily pause Muslim migration, Rubio s immigration bill would have granted immediate amnesty and eventual citizenship to millions of illegal aliens, it would have doubled the annual admission of foreign workers, and it would have dispensed 33 million green cards to foreign nationals in the span of a single decade despite current record immigration levels.While Megyn Kelly made headlines with her heated questioning of Donald Trump, not one of the Fox News anchors asked Rubio in the first Fox News debate about his signature piece of legislation, which Murdoch s immigration lobbying firm had endorsed. Instead, they lobbed Rubio a series of softballs, such as asking Rubio if he could put God and veterans in the same sentence.Interestingly, Bill Sammon   FOX News s vice president of News and Washington managing editor   is the father of Brooke Sammon, who is Rubio s press secretary.As Sen. John McCain (R-AZ)and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) told The New Yorker s Ryan Lizza back in 2013, Fox News was essential to the Rubio-Schumer effort to expand immigration levels beyond all known historical precedent. As Lizza wrote at the time:McCain told me,  Rupert Murdoch is a strong supporter of immigration reform, and Roger Ailes is, too.  Murdoch is the chairman and C.E.O. of News Corp., which owns Fox, and Ailes is Fox News s president. McCain said that he, [Lindsey] Graham, [Marco] Rubio, and others also have talked privately to top hosts at Fox, including Bill O Reilly, Sean Hannity, and Neil Cavuto   God bless Fox,  Graham said.  Last time [i.e. during the 2007 immigration push], it was  amnesty  every fifteen seconds.  He said that the change was important for his reelection, because  eighty per cent of people in my primary get their news from Fox.  He added that the network has  allowed critics to come forward, but it s been so much better. Murdoch s support of open borders immigration policies has been identified as a potential conflict of interest for years. As ABC reported in 2013:Murdoch, Australian born and a naturalized U.S. citizen, has become an outspoken advocate for immigration reform and mass legalization of the country s undocumented immigrants, partnering with New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg in this cause. Whether Murdoch s personal views will percolate through his network, or at least temper criticism on the airwaves of those who don t share it, remains to be seen.In 2013, during the Rubio-Schumer Gang of Eight push, Mickey Kaus similarly pointed out:In 2007, John McCain s  comprehensive  immigrant-legalization bill failed after opponents flooded the Senate with calls, shutting down the switchboard  It won t be that easy this time  The GOP donor class is asserting itself  One of the more influential members of this  donorist  class is Rupert Murdoch, which means that FOX News has for all intents and purposes switched sides, giving immigration  comprehensivists  a monopoly in the MSM five networks to none.Indeed, Murdoch has himself expressed his support for large-scale immigration. In a 2014 op-ed published in the Wall Street Journal s open borders opinion pages, titled,  Immigration Reform Can t Wait,  Murdoch wrote:When I learned that House Majority Leader Eric Cantor had lost his Republican primary, my heart sank. Not simply because I think he is an intelligent and talented member of Congress, or because I worry about the future of the Republican Party. Like others who want comprehensive immigration reform, I worried that Mr. Cantor s loss would be misconstrued and make Congress reluctant to tackle this urgent need. That would be the wrong lesson and an undesirable national consequence of this single, local election result.In his Wall Street Journal op-ed, Murdoch echoed Rubio s position on granting citizenship to illegal immigrants. Murdoch wrote,  We need to give those individuals who are already here  a path to citizenship.  Murdoch even decried Americans who opposed amnesty as,  nativists who scream about amnesty    a statement which is perhaps even more significant given the fact that Murdoch is himself a beneficiary of the nation s generous immigration policy.Murdoch praised President Obama for showing  wise restraint  on immigration, even though, at the time of Murdoch s writing, Obama had already implemented his first unconstitutional executive amnesty, giving away American jobs to illegal aliens   including the jobs of black Americans whose have suffered some of the greatest harms from mass immigration.When asked about the president s unconstitutional 2012 executive amnesty, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals [DACA], Marco Rubio has said that, if he is elected president, he  wouldn t undo it immediately.  This was another statement of Rubio s which the Fox News anchors utterly failed to probe in their first debate to which they came loaded with questions for Trump, who   unlike Rubio   had not pushed an immigration plan backed by the network s founder.Murdoch also called for an unlimited number of foreign workers to fill coveted tech jobs through the H-1B visa program, which experts have described as an  indentured servitude  program:We need to do away with the cap on H-1B visas, which is arbitrary and results in U.S. companies struggling to find the high-skill workers they need to continue growing. We already know that most of the applications for these visas are for computer programmers and engineers, where there is a shortage of qualified American candidates.Contrary to Mr. Murdoch s assertions, there are more than 11 million Americans with degrees in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) who lack employment in these fields, and U.S. schools are graduating two times more students with STEM degrees than are annually finding employment in these fields.FOR ENTIRE STORY: Julia Hahn, Breitbart News ",0
14586,TRUMP MAKES BIG ANNOUNCEMENT After FOX News Says They’ll Keep Megan Kelly On As Debate Moderator,"Do you agree with Trump s decision? Will Trump s non-appearance at the upcoming debate hurt him in the polls?Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump said on Tuesday night that he is backing out of Thursday s primary debate in Des Moines, Iowa, which will be broadcast by Fox News Channel. The decision comes with just days until the Iowa caucuses, which polls show very competitive between Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.)Trump had been publicly mulling the move for a few days, complaining that Fox News host Megyn Kelly, one of three moderators for the event, is biased against him.Via: Washington Post ",0
14587,BREAKING: FEDS ARREST AMMON BUNDY With Fellow Militiamen Occupying Wildlife Refuge,"Breaking and developing news on the occupation of the Oregon wildlife refuge: Ammon and Ryan Bundy, the brothers leading anti-government protesters occupying Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, and several other people were arrested Tuesday in a confrontation with authorities, the FBI said. One person was dead, the FBI said.Officials said it all began with a traffic stop while Bundy and some of his followers were en route to a community meeting in John Day, about 70 miles away.Shots were fired after FBI agents, Oregon State troopers and other law enforcement agencies made the stop.Details of the arrest remain unknown, but charges are pending related to the group s 25-day takeover of the wildlife refuge.Bundy and about three dozen of other individuals occupied the wildlife refuge earlier this month after two local ranchers were sent to prison. Here s more detail on this case:OREGON RANCHERS VS THE FEDSVia: katuVia: nbc",0
14588,ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE IN FRANCE…,"How socialism and political correctness are destroying a nation We reported about the crime and chaos taking place in France, as Muslim migrants who have no intention of assimilating, have flooded their country. The border town of Calais is a disaster, with migrants camping in  the jungle  hoping to catch a ride across the border into the UK. France is also seeing a massive increase in rapes and sexual assault crimes by the  grateful  refugees.  Every day 33 rapes are reported in France, that s one every 40 minutes!  So far today, 20 have been arrested in French taxi driver, air traffic controller and  teacher protests as riots are taking place in 2 major cities. Farmers blocked roads and burned tires, as they protested only yesterday against the prices of dairy and meat products in the province of Brittany. It would appear to the casual observer, that socialism and political correctness are not working out too well for France. What do you think?  Taxi drivers in France are blockading roads with burning tires in protest at the low-cost Uber app, resulting in at least 20 arrests. Air traffic controllers are also staging a demonstration, leading to dozens of canceled flights.At least 20 arrests had already been made by 10 a.m. local time, following taxi driver protests around major cities including Paris and Marseille.Drivers blocked roads with burning tires, prompting the arrival of riot police and firefighters. Some drivers had set pre-dawn bonfires which authorities had to put out.Des pneus br lent sur le p riph rique #PorteMaillot pic.twitter.com/CfMyOKhyJQ  Paul Louis (@paul_louis11) January 26, 2016Hundreds of taxis, joined by a few from Belgium and Spain, blocked a massive intersection leading into western Paris, causing huge disruption to the area.The taxi drivers are protesting over working conditions and competition from non-traditional services such as Uber.Uber drivers  vandalize professionals who are paying taxes, who respect the rules,  Rachid Boudjema, president of the taxi drivers union in Marseille, told AP.In response to the protests, Uber sent a message to its French customers which said that the goal of the demonstrations was  to put pressure on the government to limit competition. Here is an example of a violent clash today in Paris:Meanwhile, a planned walkout from air traffic controllers prompted the French civil aviation authority, DGAC, to call on airlines to cancel one in five flights.EasyJet said it had cancelled 35 flights, although Air France said it would operate more than 80 percent of its short and medium-haul flights in France and Europe. It did, however, stress that  last-minute delays or cancellations cannot be ruled out. Hundreds of thousands of civil servants and teachers also went on strike on Tuesday, protesting against a pay freeze and poor salaries. Teachers are scheduled to march in cities across the country on Tuesday afternoon.It s the newest challenge to Francois Hollande s Socialist government and its stop/start efforts to modernize the economy, in response to low economic growth and record-high unemployment. Earlier this month, Hollande announced what he called a  state of economic and social emergency,  involving a  2 billion (US$2.1 billion) plan to revive hiring and catch up with the world s economy.The protests come just one day after French farmers demonstrated against the prices of dairy and meat products in the province of Brittany, blocking roads and burning tires. The farmers demanded that prices be increased because the proceeds from their sale don t cover the cost of production. Via: RTWatch shocking video of Calais residents attacked by migrants in front of their home: ",0
14589,10 YR OLD BOY REPEATEDLY RAPED By Male Muslim Migrants…Swedish Cops Trying To Rescue Boy Are Chased Away [VIDEO],"Don t worry, the US government will rely on the UN to ensure any Muslim migrants being shipped to America are carefully vetted POLICE had to run for safety after being surrounded by an angry mob of migrants when they went to rescue a 10-year-old boy who had been repeatedly raped.The ten-strong squad of officers had to flee after arriving at the asylum centre to look for the boy after reports he had been raped many times.They leapt through a fire exit after being surrounded by the baying mob at the Signalisten asylum centre V ster s, Sweden.The terrifying incident was detailed in a police report and has emerged just days after a woman was stabbed to death at a refugee centre in Sweden.In the report, obtained by Vestmanlands L ns Tidning, a police officer said:  Even more people appeared behind us. I was mentally prepared to fight for my life. We were 10 police officers in a narrow corridor. And I hear someone yell that there is an emergency exit. The drama unfolded as the Swedish authorities decided to relocate some of the refugees from the centre after reports of child abuse.However, as the staff at the centre tried to implement the move, some of the migrants grew angry and frantic workers called the police.There is growing tension in Sweden as the country struggles to cope with the influx of migrants it is hosting. Via: Express.co.UK",0
14590,"WATCH: ERIC TRUMP Discusses Donald’s Stay In Iowa Holiday Inn Express: “My father’s an all-American guy…Believe me, that’s not beneath him”","Eric Trump gives a great interview on Fox and Friends this morning. Trump s kids always come across as very likable and respectful young adults who are, understandably incredibly proud of their father. Eric covers a lot of territory in this interview. He talks about Hillary, Ted Cruz, his dad s passion for fixing our nation, the Holiday Inn Express where Donald stayed in Iowa, and how he wasn t raised with a silver spoon in his mouth.",0
14591,"CUBAN INVASION: 7,000 Crossing Border Into U.S. With The Help Of The Feds [Video]","Thanks to Obama s open border policy and a recent agreement with Costa Rica (where these Cubans were waiting), we re bringing in thousands of Cubans. Once again, our open borders president and our DHS are in cahoots with Central America in screwing the American people who ll be footing the bill for this. What the local article below doesn t tell you is that the Cubans are being assisted by the feds which only promotes more and more Cubans to come to the U.S. Hey, didn t we just normalize relations with Cuba so things are supposed to be just peachy there now, right? WHY IS THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION APPROVING THOUSANDS OF CUBANS TO BE BUSSED INTO AMERICA?Central American nations have agreed to let stranded Cubans be airlifted and then bussed into America. Why not send them home? Well, it s because of yet another stupid policy to accept Cubans who ve made it to dry land from Cuba. Do we really need to keep this stupid policy in place? We re just making it more appealing for more and more Cubans to come to America. Heck, we re even providing transportation for them! Crazy!This is just more lawlessness from the Obama administration thinking nothing of bringing even more people to take care of. Unreal!Central American nations have reached an agreement to allow several thousand Cuban migrants stranded in Costa Rica for over a month to continue their journey towards the United States.The migrants will be airlifted to El Salvador and put on buses, which will take them to the US. American legislation gives Cuban migrants preferential treatment. If they arrive at the US border by land they are allowed to enter the country and apply for residency. Those who are intercepted at sea are sent back, under the special immigration policy known as  wet foot, dry foot .Read more: !00% FED Up!The activity at the Hidalgo International Bridge continues. For 40 years, Jose Angel Rodriguez has made his living driving a cab.He said he s seeing more Cubans crossing the port of entry.  They get here every night, in the morning, and at night they get here. They go to Laredo, too,  Rodriguez said.Rodriguez remembered taking a few to a hotel or store. It gets busier each week that passes by.Down the road from the bridge were a handful of 15-passenger vans. They had Florida license plates. Giovanni Acosta is one of them. In Cuba, there s nothing. There s no freedom. We came from Cuba because the pressure that we have there,  Giovanni Acosta said.Acosta said he s waiting for his wife to come to the bridge so he can take her back to Miami. She s taking the same track as he once did.  I did the same path, like all the Cubans did. I came from Ecuador. I walked for 27 days on the road,  he said.Congressman Henry Cuellar s office said Cuban refugees are coming to Laredo s Point of Entry every day and the numbers are increasing. They re coming from Central America through Mexico to the border.Acosta s van can take more than just his family. He said he can help the Cuban refugees, but his goal is to pick up his family, to bring them safely back home.CHANNEL 5 NEWS spoke to U.S. Customs and Border Protection to see if they were prepared for the influx. They released a statement that said in part,  U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is prepared to process the expected increase in Cubans applying for admission at South Texas ports of entry. CBP officers will process Cuban nationals in accordance with established procedures as expeditiously as possible while maintaining requirements and standards for individuals in our care. Via: krgv",0
14592,WARNING: FEDS PREDICT $30 TRILLION DOLLAR DEBT Because Of These Two Key Things,"You can blame the escalating debt on Obamacare and taxes We can thank Obama for this The federal government will be flirting with $30 trillion in debt within a decade, the Congressional Budget Office reported Monday, blaming an aging population, new spending and tax cuts approved on Capitol Hill, and the growing burden from Obamacare for erasing the progress Washington had made over the past few years.Analysts said Obamacare will chase more workers out of the labor force over the next five years, adding pressure to an economy still struggling to spring to life more than seven years into the Obama recovery.The Affordable Care Act itself is still struggling to attract a customer base, the CBO said, lowering its estimate for the number of people who will sign up for the exchanges from 21 million to 13 million   a drop of nearly 40 percent in projections. Customers collecting taxpayer subsidies this year will be 11 million, down from the 15 million the CBO projected a year ago.The grim news comes with less than a year left for President Obama to put the law on firmer footing as he seeks to head off what is likely to be a last effort at repealing the act after November s elections.The economic front is somewhat brighter for Mr. Obama, who seven years into the recovery will finally see significant sustained growth of 2.5 percent this year and 2.6 percent next year, the CBO said.That will be followed by a cooling off, with growth dropping below 2 percent in 2019 and 2020. The economic gains will continue to go disproportionately to the wealthy, helping boost income tax revenue but limiting payroll taxes, which will put even more pressure on the entitlement programs that are driving up deficits.The biggest fiscal dent, however, was made late last year when Mr. Obama and the Republican-run Congress struck a deal. The president won significant spending hikes, and Republicans insisted on a new round of special tax breaks that, combined, reversed years of progress and added nearly $750 billion to projected deficits over the next decade. After six consecutive years in which the deficit has declined relative to the size of the economy, this year s deficit   at 2.9 percent of gross domestic product (GDP)   is anticipated to increase for the first time since it peaked at 9.8 percent in 2009,  the CBO said.Deficits will continue to rise over the next 10 years, topping $1 trillion again in 2022 and reaching $1.4 trillion in 2026, the analysts said.The accumulation of those deficits will deepen the gross public debt from $18.1 trillion at the end of 2015 to $29.3 trillion in 2026. By contrast, the debt stood at $10.6 trillion when Mr. Obama took office in 2009.Looking decades into the future, the picture only gets worse, the CBO said.READ MORE: WT",0
14593,FLINT RESIDENTS TOLD TO PAY BILLS FOR POISON WATER Or They May Have Their Children Taken Away,"You seriously can t make this up. This Democrat run city is officially out of control. We reported before that the EPA knew about this crisis long before they told anyone, yet the media and the Left continues to try to pin the blame squarely on Michigan s Republican Governor. This latest threat is just another  black eye  for the officials handling the Flint, MI water crisis As the water crisis in Flint deepens, it is becoming apparent that the effects of the lead-infested water are not just a health hazard, but the situation has the potential of ruining many more lives outside of the poison issue. There is no denying that the water in Flint is undrinkable and that it is contaminated with lead and other substances, and it is clear that the government of Flint is responsible for the problem.However, the city s government continues to charge people for the poison water and then threatening to foreclose their home or take their children if they refuse to pay. Michigan law states that parents are neglectful if they do not have running water in their home, and if they chose not to pay for water they can t drink anyway, then they could be guilty of child endangerment.Activists in Flint say that some residents have already received similar threats from the government if they refuse to pay their bills.Flint residents have recently filed two class action lawsuits calling for all water bills since April of 2014 to be considered null and void because of the fact that the water was poisonous. We are seeking for the court to declare that all the bills that have been issued for usage of water invalid because the water has not been fit for its intended purpose,  said Trachelle Young, one of the attorneys bringing the lawsuit, in court. Essentially, the residents have been getting billed for water that they cannot use. Because of that, we do not feel that is a fair way to treat the residents,  Young added.Recent estimates have indicated that it could take up to 15 years and over $60 million to fix the problem, and the residents will be essentially forced to live there until the problem is solved. Despite the fact that the issue is obviously the government s responsibility, they have made it illegal for people to sell their homes because of the fact that they are known to carry contaminated water. Meanwhile, residents are still left to purchase bottled water on their own, in addition to paying their water bill.Although this problem is finally getting national media attention in Flint, they aren t the only city with contaminated water supplies. In fact, a recent report published by The Guardian showed that public water supplies across the country were experiencing similar issues.This crisis highlights the many dangers of allowing the government to maintain a monopoly on the water supply and calls attention to the fact that decentralized solutions to water distribution should be a goal that we start working towards.Via: DC Clothesline",0
14594,TOM DELAY DROPS A BOMB On What FBI Sources Say About Clinton E-mail Scandal [Video]," One way or another, she s going to have to face these charges    Former Republican Congressman Tom Delay Note that Tom Delay says the  FBI is ready to indict . The FBI cannot indict but the DOJ can indict. If the DOJ chooses not to indict, Hillary will be tried in the court of public opinion. This will be an interesting test for DOJ Director Loretta Lynch. The revelation that the Clinton team took highly classified e-mails and copy and pasted them is a big bombshell in itself. Just a bunch of amateurs on this team  ",0
14595,OBAMA FEAR MONGERING: Republican Party Becoming “Unrecognizable”,"Leave it to Obama to take to fear mongering to try and convince voters to vote for socialism What a putz!President Obama would much rather critique the Republican presidential race than the Democratic contest between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, arguing that the GOP is headed way beyond the political mainstream. To me, the relevant contrast is not between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, but (the) relevant contrast is between Bernie and Hillary and Donald Trump and Ted Cruz and the vision that they re portraying for the country,  Obama told Politico in an interview.Voters need to pay attention to  the degree to which the Republican rhetoric and Republican vision has moved not just to the right but has moved to a place that is unrecognizable,  Obama said.Obama told Politico the gap between Democrats and Republicans   on  everything from tax policy to immigration to foreign policy    is as wide as he has seen.There were  real differences  with GOP nominee John McCain during the 2008 election, Obama said,  but John McCain didn t deny climate science. John McCain didn t call for banning Muslims from the United States. You know, John McCain was a conservative, but he was well within, you know, the mainstream of not just the Republican Party but within our political dialogue. Via: USA Today ",0
14596,CHECK OUT NEW BEN & JERRY’S FLAVOR: Touting America’s Favorite Socialist,"In 2016, Ben & Jerry s co-founder, Ben Cohen s net worth was estimated to be $150 Million. In typical liberal fashion, Ben s fine with sitting on an astronomical net worth, he just wants to make sure the government has the ability to take even more from the every day American s paycheck Ben & Jerry s co-founder Ben Cohen announced Monday he has created a new flavor celebrating Benrie Sanders s White House run. Nothing is so unstoppable as a flavor whose time has finally come,  Cohen wrote on his Facebook page alongside a picture displaying a pint of  Bernie s Yearning  ice cream.The new flavor isn t an official Ben and Jerry s ice cream. Jerry and I have been constituents of Bernie Sanders for the last 30 years,  Cohen said of the longtime Vermont senator. But he noted that his company with fellow co-founder Jerry Greenfield is not directly involved with the flavor.Who knew the political revolution could taste so sweet? https://t.co/zMMt60MHRe h/t @YoBenCohen #BerniesYearning pic.twitter.com/2v2MSbDMU5  WorkingFamiliesParty (@WorkingFamilies) January 25, 2016 We ve seen him and we believe him,  he continued on a website touting the ice cream.  When we re out speaking on his behalf people always ask if there s a Ben and Jerry s flavor. There s not,  Cohen added.  But if I were going to come up with one, this is what it would be. Cohen s website describes  Bernie s Yearning  as plain mint ice cream beneath a solid layer of chocolate on top. The chocolate disc represents the huge majority of economic gains that gone to the top 1 percent since the end of the recession,  the flavor s packaging states.  Beneath it, the rest of us.Eating instructions include taking a spoon and whacking the chocolate disc  into lots of pieces ; mixing the chocolate pieces around; and sharing the result with  your fellow Americans. Via: The Hill",0
14597,BLACK FEMALE DEMOCRAT ON HER SUPPORT FOR TRUMP: “I never thought I’d be saying these words.” [Video],"An Atlanta Democrat makes some very valid points on what America needs to become better. She believes that Trump is her candidate. It s so interesting because this woman is not a Republican. Trump gives me real hope and change, not fake hope and change. I m voting for America because I believe in America. I never thought I d be saying these words about the country. Democrats don t speak about the country but I ve woken up, I ve seen the truth and the truth is Trump, I believe in this guy to make our country better because our country is going to hell! My daughter can t find a job, she s a college graduate. Black men are 50% unemployed. Our borders are wide open. I love everybody don t get me wrong, but we have to close our borders. Trump is speaking the truth and that is why I m here. The woman went on to add that,  Democrats are crazy   I can t believe I thought that way.  She said her husband supports Bernie Sanders and that she told him,  If he don t vote for Trump, we re getting a divorce.  ",0
14598,"PROMINENT DEMOCRAT CLAIMS Old, White, Leftist Males Are Waiting In The Wings For Hillary To Fall","The  party of diversity  waits for Hillary to be dragged out of the primary in handcuffs kicking and screaming  Former GOP presidential candidate George Pataki is predicting that Democrat Hillary Clinton s  legal issues  will force an outside candidate to jump into the 2016 White House race as a white knight. People talk about the problems in the Republican Party, but I think Democrats have a bigger problem,  the former New York governor told host John Catsimatidis on  The Cats Roundtable  on New York s AM-970 on Sunday. Hillary Clinton is cratering, the scandals just keep coming. She has grave legal issues that could totally prevent her from continuing her campaign, and the alternative is a self-avowed socialist who has never run anything. Pataki added that it would not surprise him to see an  outsider jump into the race  like Vice President Joe Biden, California Gov. Jerry Brown or Secretary of State John Kerry. Despite his previous pronouncements that Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has no chance at the GOP nomination, Pataki conceded that his prediction isn t borne out by reality. He s just tapped into anger towards Washington, anger towards politicians,  he said. I understand the anger, but the solution is not to get behind someone who expresses the anger but does not have the necessary solution. I hope people coalesce around somebody who has a positive vision about how to bring Americans together. Via: The Hill",0
14599,JESSE JACKSON STYLE SHAKEDOWN: NAACP President Caught Selling Endorsements For Political Candidates,"Making a political endorsement by the NAACP completely irrelevant You d think in order to get an endorsement from the NAACP or its members that you d have to demonstrate loyalty and allegiance to black causes, but you d be wrong. All it takes is some cold hard cash. An NAACP chapter president is offering up political endorsements from a Political Action Committee he represents in exchange for a fat stack of Ben Franklins.Hezekiah Jackson is the Birmingham, AL NAACP chapter president. He is also the co-chair of Team Seven, a powerful local PAC whose endorsements promise to deliver votes from the black community. Team Seven is hosting a banquet on February 4 for local candidates to connect with voters. Of course this banquet is not free to the candidates, but there s something even dirtier about it.I know that I wrote in my headline that Jackson was busted for selling endorsements, which implies he was sneaking around and got caught. In actuality, he was flaunting this pay-off scheme and didn t care who noticed. According to AL.com, Jackson sent the following e-mail to candidates he hoped would slide a little money his way. It s basically a list of how much things cost and what you get for it:1. Deadline to submit payment is Friday, January 23, 2016 to me (Jackson) or Pastor Webb (Ad committee co-chair Gwen Webb).2. Candidates purchasing an ad ($500) will have two minutes to speak.3. Candidates purchasing a table ($500) will have two minutes to speak.4. Candidates purchasing a combo (ad   $250 and table for eight   $500 = $750) will have three minutes to speak.Pay close attention to the next one:5. Candidates who do not purchase an ad nor a table WILL NOT be considered for endorsement.Did you get that? The candidates either pay up or they won t even be considered for an endorsement from Jackson s PAC. No matter how you look at it, that s unethical as hell and probably illegal. Political Action Committees are bound by certain laws and I d like to believe shaking down politicians for endorsements is a big no-no.This is a classic Al Sharpton race-hustling scheme. You want an endorsement? You want to be absolved of offending the black community? You want to avoid bad press and a boycott? Just pay some tribute to the good Reverend and he ll handle everything. Some may see this as extortion, but to Sharpton it s just black activism. Via: DownTrend",0
14600,WHITES NEED NOT APPLY: OBAMA’S NEW MORTGAGE SCAM Targets High Risk Minority Immigrants,"Here we go again NO CREDIT, NO PROBLEM Obama has a new program called HOME READY that focuses on getting immigrants into mortgages. Fannie Mae says that 1 in 4 Hispanic households share dwellings   and finances   with extended families. It says this is a large  underserved  market.  The catch is that, for the first time this lets lenders qualify borrowers by counting income from non-borrowers living in the household.  What could possibly go wrong? You guessed it HOUSING BUBBLE 2016/2017. Remember that this is what Obama did in Chicago long before he was president. His effort along with ACORN was to target anyone who refused a home loan and accuse them of discrimination: Obama helped Chicago ACORN s campaign to intimidate banks into making high-risk loans to low-credit customers, Stanley Kurtz reported.  Eric Holder was also heavily involved in the same targeting.See also: UNREAL! OBAMA ADMIN PRESSURES LENDERS TO LOAN TO HIGH-RISK SECTION 8 WELFARE TAKERSRemember the mantra when Obama was first in office? He believes everyone should be a home owner but what he doesn t say is how the responsible American taxpayer would be footing the bill. Obama and Holder went after the banks if they refused a potential minority mortgage customer. Now we have this new program that targets another minority in an attempt to garner votes for the Dems. The 2008 housing market collapse was bad enough, but it appears now that we re on the verge of experiencing it all again. And the financial sequel, working from a similar script as its original version, could prove to be just as devastating to the American taxpayer.The Federal National Mortgage Association (commonly referred to as Fannie Mae) plans a mortgage loan reboot, which could produce the same insane and predictable results as when the mortgage agency loaned so much money to people who had neither the income, nor credit history, to qualify for a traditional loan.The Obama administration proposes the HomeReady program, a new mortgage program largely targeting high-risk immigrants, which, writes Investors.com,  for the first time lets lenders qualify borrowers by counting income from nonborrowers living in the household. What could go wrong? The question should answer itself.The administration apparently believes that by changing the dirty words  subprime  to  alternative  mortgages, the process will be more palatable to the public. But, as Investor s notes, instead of the name HomeReady, which will offer the mortgages,  It might as well be called DefaultReady, because it is just as risky as the subprime junk Fannie was peddling on the eve of the crisis. Before the 2008 housing bubble burst, one s mortgage fitness was supposed to be based on the income of the borrower, the person whose name would be on the deed and who was responsible for making timely monthly payments. Under this new scheme   and scheme is what it is   the combined income of everyone living in the house will be considered for a conventional home loan backed by Fannie. One may even claim income from people not living in the home, such as the borrower s parents.If, or as recent history proves, when the approved borrower defaults, who will pay? Taxpayers, of course, not the politicians and certainly not those associated with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, whose leaders made out like the bandits they were during the last mortgage go-round. As CNNMoney reported in 2011,  Mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac received the biggest federal bailout of the financial crisis. And nearly $100 million of those tax dollars went to lucrative pay packages for top executives, filings show. In case further reminders are needed of the outrageous behavior of financial institutions that contributed to the housing market collapse and a recession whose pain is still being felt by many, Goldman Sachs has agreed to a civil settlement of up to $5 billion for its role associated with the marketing and selling of faulty mortgage securities to investors.Go see the film  The Big Short  to be reminded of the cynicism of many in the financial industry. It follows on the heels of the HBO film  Too Big to Fail,  which revealed how politicians and banks were part of the scam that harmed just about everyone but themselves.According to The New York Times, only one top banker, Kareem Serageldin, went to prison for concealing hundreds of millions in losses in Credit Suisse s mortgage-backed securities portfolio. Many more should have joined him.Under the latest mortgage proposal, it s no credit, no problem. An immigrant can qualify with a credit score as low as 620. That s subprime. And the borrower has only to put 3 percent down.Investor s reports,  Fannie says that 1 in 4 Hispanic households share dwellings   and finances   with extended families. It says this is a large  underserved  market. Is this another cynical attempt by Democrats, along with protecting illegal immigrants, to win Hispanic votes without regard to the potential cost to taxpayers? Wasn t that the problem during the last housing market collapse? Could it happen again? Sure it could. Do politicians care? It doesn t appear so.Via: Rapid City Journal",0
14601,"HARD-CORE, CONSERVATIVE, Street Artist, Sabo Videotapes Visit From Secret Service…Who Is This Guy? Why Does Obama Fear Him?","He s a controversial, conservative artist and he s coming after the Left. He s an outspoken, brave, modern-day Patriot, and he s not afraid to venture where conservatives have never gone. Sabo (his pseudonym) has shocked many liberals, and conservatives alike with his edgy artwork. It would be an understatement to say that he is constantly pushing the envelope. Whether you agree or disagree with him, conservatives should be thanking Sabo for utilizing his 1st Amendment Right, as he takes the fight against the Left to the streets of cities across America.If you want to help Sabo to create more of these important anti-Left messages leading up to the next election and beyond, please consider donating to him HERE. He s working to get an important message out to Americans, and more specifically to the younger voter. The only thing that pays for his supplies and his bill are donations from his supporters. Please consider helping him out. Here is his website: unsavoryagents.com and his STOREHere is an example of Sabo s most recent work:  Here is one of our personal favorites:  Hillary s baggage   When Democrat candidates come to town for a fundraiser, Sabo tries to have a surprise message waiting for them, like this great piece waiting for Hillary in Greenwich, CT: Here s a great welcome sign waiting for Hillary on the way to one of her fundraisers (courtesy of Sabo): And then there were the  special mile markers  created just for the Los Angeles Marathon:   The Obama Drone signs are some of our personal favorites. If Americans were smart, they d forgo a few hours of entertainment and stop funding these Hollywood freaks who support the destruction of our nation: He s not afraid to call out race baiters like Al Sharpton: And cry-baby college students looking for  safe spaces  are not immune to his counter-message. This poster mocks the #BlackLivesMatter (Anti-White) movement, and was plastered across the street from a college fraternity house: Sabo used this great illustration to point out the entitlement mentality of the Clinton Crime Syndicate who believes the throne (our White House) rightfully belongs to Hillary: Sabo makes no secret of his support for Ted Cruz. He has been a loyal supporter for years. This piece of art he created illustrates the kick ass, take-no-prisoners style of Ted Cruz that both the GOP and Left despise: Here is an interview with Glenn Beck that explains what motivates Sabo, and why he chose to use street art to get a conservative message out to Americans:Is it any wonder when Sabo saw this message from Obama s Secret Service hanging on his door, he wasn t too surprised? Sabo called the agent listed on the door hanger and scheduled a meeting at his home for 10 a.m. on Wednesday. Before the interview, Sabo posted the above image and alerted his Facebook friends and Twitter followers about the pending visit. Shortly after the Secret Service visit, Sabo posted a video that claims to cover most of the entire interview. Sabo told TheBlaze there was a little more to it, but  I just wanted to get it out.  You can watch the video of the visit here: (Warning: The video has some objectionable images and the dialogue contains profanity)Here is one of the tweets that supposedly brought the Secret Service to Sabo s door:A MESSAGE TO THE SECRET SERVICE. I HAVE $10,000 IN HAND WHICH I WILL USE BUY A MONTH OF COLUMBIAN HOOKERS FOR YOU TO LOOK THE OTHER WAY.  unsavoryagents (@unsavoryagents) September 29, 2014Here is a video showing how Sabo creates his street art:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>THE BITCH IS BACKPosted by Unsavoryagents on Sunday, October 23, 2011From Sabo s Website unsavoryagents.com : Bush the Younger was elected President and the claws came out in Hollywood. I lost my friends along with a great deal of peace. It was not a good time to be a Republican in Hollywood. There was no place I could go where I wasn t punched in the face by some sort of art defining who I was for being a Republican. Evil, Bigotted, Homophobic, Out of Touch, Rich, Greedy, on and on. And then I snapped. Why was the Left allowed to define me and where are the dissenting voices from the Right setting the record straight? Creatively speaking, no one. I believe the Right has a great message, sadly the only people telling it are those on the Left and they do a damn fine job making us look like ass holes and what do Republicans do about it, NOT A DAMN THING!!! Fuck it! I guess it s just going to have to be me, I thought. My aim as an artist is to be as dirty, ground level, and mean as any Liberal artist out there, more so if I can. Use their tactics, their methods, appeal to their audience, the young, urban , street urchins with a message they never hear in a style they own. My name is SABO, I m an UNSAVORYAGENT.",0
14602,"TORONTO IMAM WANTS MUSLIMS To Only Do Business With Muslims, Work Together To Implement Sharia Law","We hear so much talk from the Left about working to help foreigners  assimilate. Yet here we have a prominent Imam calling for the segregation of Muslims from their host nation. How is this okay? Shaykh Said Rageah (     ) was born in Somalia and in the late 80s and moved to North America. Rageah has a Bachelor s in Islamic studies and a Masters in Shari ah and he has had several posts over the years, including: founder of Masjid Huda in Montreal and Masjid Aya in Maryland, advisor for Muslim Youth magazine, and member in the Aqsa Association.He is also the founder of both Muslim Magazine and Al Aqsa Association, and served as the Chaplain at both the University of Calgary and the Southern Alberta Institute of Technology (SAIT). He served as an Imam at the Abu Hurairah Mosque in Toronto, the Chairman for the Journey of Faith Conference and as an instructor for the AlMaghrib Institute.In a sermon delivered at Abu Hurairah Centre in Toronto (the video was uploaded to YouTube on February 8, 2009), Imam Rageah called on Canadian Muslims to unite and translate their demography into a political and economic power that is necessary to make the government allow Muslims to implement the Islamic Law (Sharia) in their communities and to change the foreign policy.Rageah spoke in favour of following the example of the Sikh neighbourhood in Edmonton, Alberta, by bringing the Muslim community to live together in one area in which the authorities will not be able to make any decision without the approval of the Muslims.He urges Muslims to hire only Muslim workers, to buy products or services only from Muslim-owned businesses and to avoid advertising with media outlets owned by kafir, meaning unbeliever or infidel. In this way, he maintained, Canadian Muslims can strengthen themselves and live according to Islam.The following is a transcript of segments from Rageah s sermon:  With four, five [hundred] thousand Muslims you can create the most powerful lobby in Canada  with that number of Muslims you can create one of the strongest Muslim business in Toronto   If you just put our resources, if we put our resources together, if we can work together as an Ummah [Muslim nation] we can change a lot As Muslims, we are scattered all over the city. You have people living in Brampton, you have people living in Mississauga, you have people living in Whitby, you have people living in Richmond Hill. Imagine if we all get together in one area. In the City of Edmonton, the Sikh, Sikh, they live in one neighbourhood and nothing can be changed or done without their approval. We here we may as well benefit from the system that they have here. What can you do with unity? A lot. You can change a lot. You can change the foreign policy of this country. You can change how the Muslims think. You can even when need help, when you need help you call Muslim for your need you will help the Muslim community Brothers in the masjid [Mosque] right now, they are coming up with the magazine or newspaper called Ummah Times. What Ummah Times is that? Ummah Times is advertising all your businesses all the Muslim businesses [are] Ummah.  All you need to do   I will never advertise with a kafir [unbeliever, infidel], there you go. I hear some advertisements giving to 680 News $5,000. Before your Muslim brothers $50 and $80 or $100 we think twice before we do it. Unless we work together, the day we need a truck driver we know where to find truck drivers. The day that I need a cab I should have a number of a Muslim cab it s ok, pick me up. When I wan to see a doctor, only Muslim doctor. When I want to hire someone only Muslim worker. Then we can strengthen ourselves. This is the way and this is the only way we can exist in the society, living according to Islam. When the Sharia [Islamic Law], when the government of Toronto, Ontario gave us a break and said: deal your internal affairs based on your Sharia [Islamic Law] we did not go and say: Those few people are Ismailis and Ahmadis, they are not even Muslims. Why would they speak on behalf of Muslims. But, we say no, we keep quiet and see and watch what happens, and then the result was that they said  we will never allow you to rule yourselves, your internal affairs based on the Shariah My brothers in faith [     ], anything that happens in your Muslim community, in the City of Toronto, anything that can be done, five hundred thousand Muslims that is a great number, large number, you can do a lot, work together. Let s be an Ummah [nation] Take your children to Islamic schools. Take your vehicle to Muslim owned business. If you buy a vehicle make sure there is a Muslim business or car dealer that sells cars. If you want to do anything just ask if that individual is a Muslim or not. If he is not, then look for a Muslim, because I m sure you ll find a Muslim. I m sure you ll find a Muslim in that field    O Allah, Raise the standing of Islam and the Muslims [       ], and humiliate the infidels and the polytheists.  [     ]Via: Creeping Sharia",0
14603,VIRAL VIDEO: German Youth Deliver Powerful Anti-Refugee Message To Political Leaders: “We are ready for the Reconquista!”,"Reconquista, English Reconquest, in medieval Spain and Portugal, a series of campaigns by Christian states to recapture territory from the Muslims (Moors), who had occupied most of the Iberian Peninsula in the early 8th century.They may be young, but they re taking a clear and decisive stand against a government who clearly has no concern for their faith, their heritage, the rich history of their nation, an unbiased education or the future of the citizens of Germany.This is a powerful message and needs to be share with everyone:Translated from YouTube:A youth is forming to recapture their identity! #ZukunftEuropaA generation, a fate one last chance!This is not just a motto, but daily incentive of a movement that sees itself as a living covenant and as a community of fate! We are a movement of young people who resists the left liberal indoctrination!We can no longer remain silent! We see how the values and cultural decline progresses, as our home and our traditions are increasingly destroyed and how the freedom of political correctness gives way.We are united by fate to be the last generation that can turn things around again! What unites us is the self-knowledge to be the phalanx, which it needs to take action against the self-destructive, prevailing multicultural ideology that drives the mass immigration and Islamization, and thus the ultimate disappearance of thousands of years old family of nations and cultural tradition called Europe.We stand together in our quest to protect our homeland, the restoration of freedom and sovereignty of our country and fight for the preservation of our ethno cultural identity!But with idealism alone this fight is not to lead! Courage, dedication and sacrifice will not suffice to stand up as a young person against the predominant players in the debt pride and multicultural madness for a livable Germany. We need your support! ",0
14604,DANISH CITY OVERRUN WITH MUSLIM MIGRANTS Makes Pork Mandatory On All Municipal Menus,"Assimilate or go hungry  Human rights lawyers descend in 5 4 3 2 1 COPENHAGEN, Denmark   A Danish city has ordered pork to be mandatory on municipal menus, including for schools and daycare centers, with politicians insisting the move is necessary for preserving the country s food traditions and is not an attack on Muslims.Frank Noergaard, a member of the council in Randers that narrowly approved the decision earlier this week, says it was made to ensure that pork remains  a central part of Denmark s food culture. Denmark is a major pork producer and it is the most popular meat, but it is forbidden to Muslims and Jews. Most of the asylum-seekers who have arrived in the country in the past months are Muslim.Noergaard, a member of the anti-immigration, populist Danish People s Party that proposed the council motion, said Thursday that it wasn t meant as a  harassment of Muslims,  but added that he had received  several complaints about too many concessions  being made to Muslims in the small, predominantly Lutheran country. The signal we want to send here is that if you re a Muslim and you plan to come to Randers, don t expect you can impose eating habits on others. Pork here is on an equal footing with other food,  Noergaard told The Associated Press. He said that halal meat, vegetarian dishes and diets for diabetics would still be available.In 2013, then-Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt lashed out at some nurseries after they started serving halal-butchered meat instead of pork because Muslim children had refused to eat it. Via: AP Newsh/t Weasel Zippers",0
14605,"FLASHBACK: BERNIE SANDERS’ Socialist Democrat Party Asks, “Why Not Peace With Hitler?” [VIDEO]","If I found out my college-age daughter was attending a Bernie Sanders rally, she would #FeelTheBern when her tuition payments were shut off. And for all of the parents who say  it s just a phase  or  they ll eventually come around,  you re not teaching your kids anything. If your child is out campaigning for a declared Democrat Socialist, whose primary goal it is to take what you ve earned and give it to someone else, you should be ashamed of yourself for providing financial support to your self-absorbed child.We live in the greatest nation on earth. It s hard to even fathom that we have a declared Democrat-Socialist even registering in the polls.  Here s a great flashback video that was taken in NYC in 1941, and posted by Weasel Zippers.  It perfectly illustrates what the pacifist, Socialist Democrat party is all about. Can you imagine what our world would look like today if the majority of Americans took these people seriously?We ve spent the last 7 years watching our President go from nation to nation apologizing for the greatness of America. We don t need another pacifist leading our nation, we need strong leader who will restore our international reputation. We need a President who believes in the greatness of America and will do everything in their power to reverse the damage our current President has done.Make sure you share this video with friends and family. ",0
14606,HOLY TAX PLAN! Bernie Sanders Released His Plan For “Freebies” For All,"Hey Bernie fans! You might want to take a look at this:BernieSanders.com, Medicare for All: Leaving No One Behind:How Much Will It Cost and How Do We Pay For It?How Much Will It Cost? This plan has been estimated to cost $1.38 trillion per year.The Plan Would Be Fully Paid For By:A 6.2 percent income-based health care premium paid by employers. Revenue raised: $630 billion per year.A 2.2 percent income-based premium paid by households. Revenue raised: $210 billion per year.This year, a family of four taking the standard deduction can have income up to $28,800 and not pay this tax under this plan.A family of four making $50,000 a year taking the standard deduction would only pay $466 this year.Progressive income tax rates. Revenue raised: $110 billion a year.Under this plan the marginal income tax rate would be:37 percent on income between $250,000 and $500,000. 43 percent on income between $500,000 and $2 million. 48 percent on income between $2 million and $10 million. (In 2013, only 113,000 households, the top 0.08 percent of taxpayers, had income between $2 million and $10 million.) 52 percent on income above $10 million. (In 2013, only 13,000 households, just 0.01 percent of taxpayers, had income exceeding $10 million.) Taxing capital gains and dividends the same as income from work. Revenue raised: $92 billion per year.Warren Buffett, the second wealthiest American in the country, has said that he pays a lower effective tax rate than his secretary. The reason is that he receives most of his income from capital gains and dividends, which are taxed at a much lower rate than income from work. This plan will end the special tax break for capital gains and dividends on household income above $250,000.Limit tax deductions for rich. Revenue raised: $15 billion per yearUnder Bernie s plan, households making over $250,000 would no longer be able to save more than 28 cents in taxes from every dollar in tax deductions. This limit would replace more complicated and less effective limits on tax breaks for the rich including the AMT, the personal exemption phase-out and the limit on itemized deductions.The Responsible Estate Tax. Revenue raised: $21 billion per year.This provision would tax the estates of the wealthiest 0.3 percent (three-tenths of 1 percent) of Americans who inherit over $3.5 million at progressive rates and close loopholes in the estate tax.Savings from health tax expenditures. Revenue raised: $310 billion per year.Several tax breaks that subsidize health care (health-related  tax expenditures ) would become obsolete and disappear under a single-payer health care system, saving $310 billion per year.Most importantly, health care provided by employers is compensation that is not subject to payroll taxes or income taxes under current law. This is a significant tax break that would effectively disappear under this plan because all Americans would receive health care through the new single-payer program instead of employer-based health care.Via: TAXPROFBLOG",0
14607,BENGHAZI VICTIM’S SISTER Shocked By Bill Clinton’s Comments: “Clearly misguided sympathy runs in the family.” [Video],"Wow! If you heard Glen Dogherty s sister tonight on Megyn Kelly, you had to think Kate Quigley is one incredible person. Would you be as forgiving? After all, Hillary Clinton told Quigley that she should feel sorry for the Libyan people just as Quigley s brother was bought to Andrew s Air Force Base in a coffin. Now Bill Clinton has shown the same insensitivity regarding Benghazi:Kate Quigley, sister of Benghazi victim Glen Doherty, joined Megyn Kelly tonight to react to Bill Clinton saying that he was amazed what his wife was  put through  when she had to answer hours of questions from the Benghazi Select Committee. The insensitivity of that comment is shocking,  Quigley said.  But clearly misguided sympathy runs in the family. Quigley explained that when her brother s coffin was brought to Andrews Air Force Base, she met Clinton and was told that her family should feel sorry for the Libyan people. Clearly, they have it all wrong,  Quigley said, adding that Clinton clearly came in that day with a script and an agenda.  It just blows my mind that she would choose to take that stance on that of all days. Quigley said that Clinton blamed the Benghazi terror attack on a spontaneous protest when she met with Doherty s loved ones. She s had so many opportunities to just tell the truth. And had that happened from the beginning, Benghazi would be a distant memory.  ",0
14608,IS LONDON About To Elect Its First MUSLIM Mayor? [VIDEO],London is about to find out why putting political correctness before your country is a bad idea By BI: Sooner than you think if the Labour (far left) Party has anything to do with it. Labour has chosen Sadiq Khan as its candidate for Mayor of Londonistan in 2016   a Muslim career politician with strong sympathies for Islamic radicals and extremists.https://youtu.be/dHOYOrThmdsVia: Shoebat.com,0
14609,SHOCKED! FORMER CIA DOUBLE AGENT: Hillary Played ‘Russian Roulette’ With Spies’ Lives [Video],"Morten Storm is a former CIA Double Agent who s shocked by the ineptness of our former Secretary of State in her lack of security with top secret info related to American spies: He said that during his time infiltrating Al Qaeda for the CIA if he had learned that U.S. government officials were treating highly classified intelligence so haphazardly, he would not have worked with them. ",0
14610,"GERMANY CRISIS ESCALATES: Muslim Migrants Masturbating in Pools, Defecating In Showers And Pool, Storm Women’s Locker Rooms","What a great place to take the whole family!Welcome to the liberal utopia of Germany Things are so bad authorities are posting no defecating in the shower signs.Via Instapundit:The migrants have also tried to storm them women s locker room. Der Bild reported (translated) via Vlad Tepes:Outrageous accusations coming from the Zwickau Townhall: According to B der GmbH, (Baths Inc.) refugees are masturbating and defecating into the water. And they also harass women in the Sauna and have tried to storm the women s changing rooms.All this and more is written in a report from January 19th. Rainer Kallwait, ordinance department leader for B der GmbH, wrote the report for the safety related services of B der GmbH. The city administration has confirmed the authenticity of the report.Kallweit writes of a memo from Johannisbad Swimming Pool. In it it says, among other things: One asylum seeker masturbated in the whirlpool and ejaculated into the water. It is recorded on surveillance camera.  And,  The swimming pool supervisor threw him out. The asylum seeker came back with comrades to get his cell phone. Together the  visitors , hooting and jeering, took a selfie in the whirlpool. The day before  8 foreign men  were in the Sauma .  The local people felt harassed. When women are in the Sauna, asylum seekers are now told that the Sauna is closed. In general refugees only have free access to the swimming pool. They would have to pay for the use of the Sauna. But they won t do that, according to B der GmbH:  When they were prompted to pay up at the register, they turned around, laughed and left. Similar can be read in a memo of  Gl ck-Auf-Schwimmhalle , Halle, in Kallwait s report. A group of  youths, single men and children with guardians  visited said pool in Halle on January 9th. Since none of them could swim,  they used the kids pool. The users contaminated the pool by way of emptying their intestines. Local guests immediately left the pool. Here s another sign telling migrants to not grab women s butts at the pool.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14611,WATCH: Only 6 People Show Up To See Hillary At TX Airport…And She IGNORED All 6 Of Them," Heavy security, but a small crowd for Hillary. She didn t say  hello  or visit with anyone while at the airport. https://youtu.be/eNj2ScPW-egYou know what they say about Karma ",0
14612,MUSLIM Illegal Alien Claims SEX WITH DEAD GIRL Is Not A Crime…Lawyers Fight To Have Charges Dropped,"The Obama trifecta: A Muslim an Illegal Alien and a victim of the unfair laws of the United States that target minorities An illegal migrant who was convicted in Wisconsin of sexually molesting the body of a dead girl is seeking to have his conviction on sexual violence charges overturned, by claiming that a dead body can t be sexually assaulted because it cannot be forced or coerced into a sex act.The vibrantly diverse migrant, Eusebio Varible-Gaspar, was convicted in Wisconsin of a violent sexual act as well as entering the country illegally, and was given a 57-month sentence.His lawyers have now filed a motion to have the conviction reversed because, they say, a corpse can t be raped or sexually abused.The trial court disagreed with that claim and held that Varible-Gaspar committed an act of sexual violence by having sex with the dead body.It is this decision that Varible-Gaspar wants to have appealed, so on January 15 he filed this claim:Varible-Gaspar argues that the district court erred in applying the 16-level enhancement for a crime of violence  He contends that his Wisconsin conviction for first degree sexual assault of a child does not qualify as a crime of violence or as an aggravated felony  because the offense does not fall within the generic, contemporary meaning of sexual abuse of a minor. Varible-Gaspar asserts that an individual may be guilty of the Wisconsin offense if the offender had sexual contact or sexual intercourse with a corpse. For the first time on appeal, Varible-Gaspar argues that the conviction does not qualify as a forcible sex offense because a corpse cannot be forced or coerced into sex.Oddly, as the Center for Immigration Studies notes, this isn t the only case where migrants might benefit from someone else being dead.Obama s DHS is seeking a change in rules that would aid illegals entering the country to have their status legalized if their return  would have  harmed someone they left behind even if that someone is already dead. Via: Breitbart News ",0
14613,FBI WARNS Of Potential Terror Attack At SUPER BOWL…White House Completely Silent,"Wouldn t it be great if the Obama administration came out with something regarding the terror risk revealed by the FBI?FBI officials sent out a memo warning of terrorist attacks at Super Bowl 50 that could take out the entire fiber-optics system that feeds the arena. If the fiber-optic cables get cut, it impacts financial institutions, impacts Silicon Valley,  said retired assistant Special Agent in Charge Jeffrey Harp, to KPIX 5.  It impacts a lot of infrastructure in that area. The FBI said it hadn t received a specific threat about the Super Bowl. But agents also said they ve identified several danger zones outside the stadium they re going to protect as well, CBS News reported. It s the lone wolf,  Harp said.  It s the individual who is self-radicalized that creates a problem that you can t detect. There s only so much the FBI can do with regard to surveillance within the guidelines of the Constitution. If someone were to use a drone to disperse something,  he said, CBS News reported,  it could be a potentially hazardous situation. Given that his beloved Chicago Bears were pretty much out of contention on the first week of the regular season, President Barack Obama hasn t really paid that much attention to the Super Bowl. That doesn t mean other people aren t, though   including the savages of the Islamic State group.An FBI bulletin claimed there was a significant threat to this year s Super Bowl 50   being held on Feb. 7 at Levi s Stadium in Santa Clara, California   from terrorist groups. There s going to be law enforcement secreted around the stadium that you are not going to see or know about. They are there,  retired FBI Assistant Special Agent In Charge Jeffrey Harp told reporters. If the fiber optic cables get cut, it impacts financial institutions, impacts Silicon Valley, it impacts a lot of infrastructure in that area,  Harp added.Several attacks have already been carried out against fiber optic systems in the Bay Area, disrupting Silicon Valley s extensive tech industry. None of those crimes have been solved.Via: WNDVia: Conservative Tribune",0
14614,"16 YR OLD GERMAN GIRL IN VIRAL VIDEO PLEADS: “you Muslims have no right to physically assault or rape us…The politicians live alone in their villas, drink their cocktails, and do nothing”","This is what happens when a nation puts liberalism before their own children.The 20 minute video, apparently created by the 16 year old Facebook user Miss Wilhailm, starts with her saying that she is,  so scared everywhere, for example if my family and I go out together, or if I see a movie with my friends. Usually I stay out until 6pm in winter, and it is so scary. It is just very hard to live day-to-day as a woman. The girl   who some social media users report has now been banned from Facebook, though others say she has removed herself   then goes on to talk about an incident that happened to her at a local supermarket saying,  I ran all the way home. I was frightened for my life. There s no other way to describe it. She talks about her experiences over summer, when a group of Muslims said that her and her friends were  sluts  for walking outside in t-shirts. Yes, we were wearing t-shirts. It s summer!  She adds:  Another day, I was wearing this. My friend and I purchased it while shopping. If we feel like wearing it, we will wear it! And you Muslims have no right to physically assault or rape us for it! God willing, never in my life. You have no right to attack us because we are wearing t-shirts. You also have no right to rape .Miss Wilhailm then turns toward what she sees on social media, describing how she has seen,  a 17 year old attacked, a 15 year old attacked, two 12 year olds attacked, so many,  and questions,  why should we, children, have to grow up in such fear? I cannot understand why they do this. But more importantly, I cannot understand why Germany is doing nothing! Why is Germany standing by, watching, and then doing nothing? Please explain, why. Men of Germany, these people are killing your children, they are killing your women. We need your protection,  she goes on to say adding,  The politicians live alone in their villas, drink their cocktails, and do nothing. They do nothing! I do not know what world they live in, but please, people, please help us! Please, do something! Continuing, Miss Wilhailm tells of her own personal experiences with Arab and Muslims migrants saying,  One day, my friend and I were walking down the street, and a group of Arabs were protesting and demonstrating. They shouted,  Allah! Allah! Allah is the one God! Kill those infidels! Allah Allah!  What should I do? Should I wear a burka? Why should I have to convert to Islam? It s fine if you believe in Allah, but why do you want to make everyone else believe in Allah too? I just think it would be better if there were no religion. Stop trying to make everyone else believe in your God when they do not want to .According to the her experiences, the police are no help. She alleges,  they say it is a problem and they ignore it. It is unfair. They laugh at us. They say we are dumb,  and that,  they don t care about our fears. This description matches many other cases where police have been afraid to be labeled as racist for taking a hard line on migrant crime and even victims of migrant crime have been accused of racism for speaking up.Free market liberal group Freiheitliche Aufklaerung or  Liberal Education  posted the video on their Facebook group page and made the following comment when it disappeared from Miss Wilhailm s page: How many have already noticed the video  You make Germany broken!  is no longer there. In this video, the 16-year-old girl said that she now is afraid to go out alone and that they can not understand the insane asylum policy of the German government. Europe and Germany are thus ruined  Unfortunately, we live in a social dictatorship, in what critics of the establishment and its illiberal policies are tackled and accosted in the strongest terms. The group claims it doesn t have evidence, but says it  can not rule out a censorship by Facebook 100% .Breitbart London understands from Facebook that while the matter has not been fully investigated yet, the usual reason for videos disappearing are down to the user taking them down themselves.The censorship fears come after Facebook announced last year that they would help the German government monitor for  hate speech  and as recently as this month Chancellor Angela Merkel s government has demanded Facebook remove posts and videos in the wake of the Cologne sex attacks. The company has not yet responded to Breitbart London s request for comment on the matter.The video ends with a stark message for German Chancellor Angela Merkel:  Thank you, Angela Merkel, for killing Germany! I have no more respect for you, Merkel. I do not think you know what you have done. You do not see how our lives have changed. Open your eyes! Is this normal? Should I, a 16-year old who is almost 17, be so scared to walk outside my house? No, it is not normal. You have killed Germany! She closes:  men please help your women. Help your children. I am so scared. My friends have the same fears. We are shocked that this has happened. I hope this video can convince you, and that these terrible events can stop. https://youtu.be/-BCrL8kDRdITRANSCRIPT: Hello, you can read the newspapers but this video is about the real situation in Germany. I would like to tell everyone about this on Youtube and Facebook. I am almost 16. I would like everyone to know what is going on, what I am authentically feeling at this moment.And I am so scared everywhere. For example, if my family and I go out together, or if I see a movie with my friends. Usually I stay at home, but sometimes I stay out until 6 pm in winter, and it is so scary. It is just very hard to live day-to-day life as a woman.I just want to say that I am not a racist. But one day, a terrible thing happened at the supermarket. I ran all the way home. I was so frightened for my life. There s no other way to describe it.My aunt and her friend have said you have to grow up. Why should we, children, have to grow up in such fear? It s not just me, my friends too. You can see on Facebook, a 17 year old attacked, a 15 year old attacked, two 12-year olds attacked, so many. It is really so sad that this is happening   because of YOU PEOPLE.  I cannot understand why they do this. But more importantly, I cannot understand why Germany is doing nothing! Why is Germany standing by, watching, and then doing nothing? Please explain, why. Men of Germany, these people are killing your children, they are killing your women. We need your protection. We are so scared, we don t want to be frightened to go to the grocery store alone after sunset. The politicians live alone in their villas, drink their cocktails, and do nothing. They do nothing! I do not know what world they live in, but please, people, please help us! Please, do something! I cannot understand why this is happening. One day, my friend and I were walking down the street, and a group of Arabs were protesting and demonstrating. They shouted,  Allah! Allah! Allah is the one God! Kill those infidels! Allah Allah!  What should I do? Should I wear a burka? Why should I have to convert to Islam?It s fine if you believe in Allah, but why do you want to make everyone else believe in Allah too? I just think it would be better if there were no religion. Stop trying to make everyone else believe in your God when they do not want to.Please, people of Germany. Do something!When I try to tell the authorities about what has happened, they hold their hand up towards me and they say it is a problem and then ignore it. and they laugh. It is unfair. They laugh at us. They say we are dumb. They think this not only of me, but of the entire state of Germany. They don t care about our fear. Please help us. This is an emergency! There are more and more of them.One time in summer, the Muslims said we were sluts for walking outside in a t-shirt.Yes, we were wearing t-shirts. It s summer!Another day, I was wearing this. My friend and I purchased it while shopping hehe. If we feel like wearing it, we will wear it! And you Muslims have no right to physically assault or rape us for it! God willing, never in my life. You have no right to attack us because we are wearing t-shirts. You also have no right to rape.The life of Germany has changed because these people cannot integrate. We give them so much help. We support them financially and they do not have to work. But they only want more babies and more welfare and more money. Men of Germany, please, patrol the streets and protect us. Do this for your women and your children. If you do that, I believe that we will have a chance.This sort of action would be wonderful. We would be so grateful and thankful. So many thanks, if steadily, more men would come to protect us. We are so scared.I am so upset about what Merkel has done.Thank you, Angela Merkel, for killing Germany! I have no more respect for you, Merkel. I do not think you know what you have done. You do not see how our lives have changed. Open your eyes! Is this normal? Should I, a 16-year old who is almost 17, be so scared to walk outside my house? No, it is not normal. You have killed Germany!This is the truth. We are no longer allowed to walk outside. We are no longer allowed to wear our clothes. We are no longer allowed to live the German life. This is the sad truth.I think it s about time to end this video. I believe I have given a full account from a normal person. I hope others can see this and understand.I only want to end with one message: Men, please, help your women. Help your children. I am so scared. My friends have the same fear. We are shocked that this has happened. I hope this video can convince you, and that this terrible events can stop.Via: Breitbart News",0
14615,BREAKING: NORTH KOREA Detains American Student For “Hostile Act”,"Apparently it takes just one American student to destroy the unity in North Korea:North Korea has detained a U.S. university student, the third western citizen known to be held in the isolated state, for committing a  hostile act  and wanting to  destroy the country s unity , it said on Friday.and was detained at Pyongyang airport on Jan. 2 ahead of a flight back to China, said Gareth Johnson of Young Pioneer Tours, which organized the visit.According to the North s official KCNA news agency, Warmbier entered North Korea as a tourist and  was caught committing a hostile act against the state , which it said was  tolerated and manipulated by the U.S. government .ADVERTISINGAn official at the U.S. embassy in the South Korean capital Seoul said it was aware of the reported arrest. The U.S. State Department in Washington had no immediate comment.Johnson said China-based Young Pioneer Tours was in contact with Warmbier s family and U.S. officials. We are in touch with Otto s family, the U.S. State Department and the Embassy of Sweden in Pyongyang and doing all we can to secure his release,  Johnson told Reuters.The Swedish Embassy represents U.S. interests in North Korea.KCNA said Warmbier had entered the country with an  aim to destroy the country s unity . It did not elaborate.Via: Reuters",0
14616,SECRET SERVICE PROTECTS OBAMA’S DAUGHTERS While These Illegal Alien Pedophiles Threaten Our Children,"The children were nestled all snug in their beds when OOPS! an illegal alien pedophile slipped through their window. These worst of the worst criminals are crossing our borders every day as our US Border Agents are given the  stand down  order by a man so hell-bent on a one-party system that he will risk the safety and security of our children and grandchildren. Barack Obama s kids will never have to worry about safety, because We The Taxpayer will ensure that for the rest of their lives, they will be protected from the massive number of unchecked pedophiles and violent sexual offenders flowing across our open borders. This is an outrage! Yet the political pundits on the Left seem to be baffled by Donald Trump s popularity with the American voter Go figure McAllen, Texas   Illegal aliens with previous convictions for sexual crimes continue to be a regular sight for U.S. Border Patrol agents working in this border region.On Wednesday, the Rio Grande Valley Sector (RGV) of the U.S. Border Patrol confirmed to Breitbart Texas that they had arrested five criminal aliens with a history of sexual offenses including a Guatemalan man who is considered a  sexually violent predator. On Sunday, agents caught a group of seven illegal aliens near the river and when they took them to the station for processing learned that one of them identified as Walter Leonel Vasquez Zacarias was a violent sexual predator, court records obtained by Breitbart Texas revealed.Court records revealed that Vasquez Zacarias had been convicted of  aggravated sexual battery victim under 13 years of age  in March 20, 2009. For that offense, Vasquez was initially arrested on June 16, 2008 in Augusta County, Virginia and after his conviction was sentenced to 10 years in prison, but for unknown reasons, eight years from his sentence were suspended and he was deported in March 30, 2010 through Houston.Vasquez continues to be listed in various search engines as a violent sexual predator.In recent days, agents arrested four other criminal aliens with a sexually based criminal history, information provided to Breitbart Texas by Border Patrol revealed. One of the aliens was from Guatemala and he had a previous conviction for aggravated sexual battery of a victim under the age of 13. Another of the aliens was also from Guatemala and he had a conviction for aggravated criminal sexual abuse. Two other aliens from Mexico had convictions for indecent liberties with a child and the other for sexual assault. Border Patrol agents remain vigilant in their efforts to protect this nation from all threats including predators and convicted criminals attempting to illegally enter the country,  said Chief Patrol Agent Manuel Padilla Jr. in a prepared statement.  Thanks to the hard work of Border Patrol agents, these dangerous criminals were unable to make it into our communities. Via: Breitbart News",0
14617,CHARLIE DANIELS ON OBAMA’S FINAL YEAR: “Never send a boy to do a man’s job.”,"Legendary singer and great patriot Charlie Daniels has been an outspoken critic of the Obama administration in the past but THIS is the best ever overview of the drip, drip, drip of Muslim refugees coming to every town in the U.S: If what happened in Cologne and other cities in Germany on New Years Eve, when young Muslim men insulted, groped, robbed and raped German women who were on the street celebrating the holiday doesn t wake Germany up, they are in for a long and probably irreversible ride.Angela Merkel s reckless act of allowing one million refugees into the country may seem like a great humanitarian gesture to some, but as the ramifications of such a foolish move begin to reach street level, Germany will be in for a long, national nightmare.The grotesque acts that occurred on New Year s Eve were not isolated incidents, but happened nationwide with the earmarks of single intentioned flash mobs operating in numbers too large to control and overtaxing the law enforcement personnel available to deal with it.Some of the ones who were detained told police that they couldn t do anything to them, that they had been invited into Germany by Ms. Merkel, as if that was a license to harass and abuse the girls without consequences.A million people from another culture, who practice another religion, who have no regard for women s rights and who believe that Western Society is decadent, who refuse to assimilate and don t believe they are bound by the laws of the host country, is a lot to turn loose on any society at one time, and New Year s Eve was just a small harbinger of things to come. Even if the troublemakers represent just 2 percent of the population of refugees, that is still approximately 20,000 people that can cause a lot of problems for Germany.This is before the terrorist component has made itself known. Merkel, in her rush to out politically correct other world leaders has imported the agents of death into her country. The genie is out of the bottle, and German children will suffer the ramifications of Angela Merkel s folly for generations to come. In rejecting a 200,000 limit on the number of refugees entering the country, it seems Merkel plans to allow even more refugees in 2016.It s too late for Germany. They have opened the zoo, and lions walk among them. Soon the terror attacks will begin, and the Muslim population explosion will, in relatively few years, create a significant voting block that will grow exponentially. Unlike native Germans who abort millions of their unborn each year, most Muslims don t practice abortion, and their tradition of having multiple children per family only accelerates the process.And once again, we are beaten over the head with the truth that  not all Muslims are terrorists,  but it doesn t take a majority to be dangerous.It s not too late for America, despite the fact that Obama seems determined to expose our society to the same dangers that Germany faces.This president has a weak spot for things Muslim. Whether it s his father s heritage, his upbringing, his education at an Indonesian madrassa or a combination of all of the above, I just don t know. It s apparent every time he talks about the  holy Koran  or the  Prophet  with such reverence, and it also reveals itself in his insistence that Islam has absolutely nothing to do with terrorism.He got taken to the cleaners by the Mullahs in Iran, who actually did little besides promise not to develop a nuclear device for 15 years, and since their word has all the value of a Zimbabwean penny, nobody but Obama believes they ll honor the terms of his incredibly weak deal   a deal that unfreezes billions of dollars which Iran will no doubt use to continue funding terror.In fact, Iran may have already violated the treaty by taking United States sailors, whose boats reportedly drifted into Iranian waters, into custody and subjecting them to humiliation, even broadcasting it on television all over the Islamic world to show how impotent the  Great Satan  really is.By the time they freed our sailors, they had pulled off a public relations coup farther emphasizing their disrespect and their opinion of just how weak, ineffective and disengaged they consider Obama to be.All of this doesn t seem to bother Obama though. He is determined to turn over one hundred and fifty billion dollars to this bunch of loose cannons, and he seems bent on bringing in thousands (tip of Obama s iceberg) of Muslim refugees, when we have already been told that ISIS has infiltrated operatives into the numbers.I believe that the only thing that protects America from further insults and aggression from Putin, China and anybody else who has an ax to grind with us is the grace of God and the fact that our enemies are afraid that America may elect a president with some backbone and the courage and guts to protect our interests.While there is a whole world out there that respects only power and those willing to use it, Obama extended a limp olive branch, which has been snatched out of his hand and is being used to beat him with.Never send a boy to do a man s job.What do you think?Pray for our troops and the peace of JerusalemGod Bless AmericaCharlie DanielsCharlie Daniels is a legendary American singer, song writer, guitarist, and fiddler famous for his contributions to country and southern rock music. Daniels has been active as a singer since the early 1950s. He was inducted into the Grand Ole Opry on January 24, 2008.Via: cnsnews",0
14618,"BRITISH MAN GOES UNDERCOVER, Makes Chilling Video In “Welcoming” Neighborhood Mosque"," If she doesn t wear a hijab, we hit her This is truly a shocking undercover film. It exposes the wide network of Muslim radicals and how they have no intention of assimilating with Westerners.  The things that are said in this film should make every American and European question what really takes place in these  neighborhood mosques. Marrying off a girl before puberty is permissible. None of this has been stopped in Britain by the government, who did not care to protect thousands of children raped, threatened, sold, drugged and many even killed by Muslim men. This mentality amongst Muslims that the video shows, especially Sunni Muslims, will be common in virtually every single mosque not only in Britain, but throughout Europe, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the US.The Muslim hatred continues to flourish throughout the country, all because of a weak and incompetent leadership and EU policies that protect hate preachers and terrorism. The permission for Islam to grow and exist   a fascist ideology of the medieval ages   is the root cause of growing terrorism growing and expanding into the West.It is not difficult to see what Britain s future will be. Islam is a far greater threat than Nazism. But the Nazi s did not infiltrate the country and was easier to battle.Prime Minister Tony Blair recently described tolerance as  what makes Britain Britain  but in this extensive investigation Dispatches reveals how a message of hatred and segregation is being spread throughout the UK and examines how it is influenced by the religious establishment of Saudi Arabia.Dispatches has investigated a number of mosques run by high profile national organisations that claim to be dedicated to moderation and dialogue with other faiths. But an undercover reporter joined worshippers to find a message of religious bigotry and extremism being preached.He captures chilling sermons in which Saudi-trained preachers proclaim the supremacy of Islam, preach hatred for non-Muslims and for Muslims who do not follow their extreme beliefs   and predict a coming jihad.  An army of Muslims will arise,  announces one preacher. Another preacher said British Muslims must  dismantle  British democracy   they must  live like a state within a state  until they are  strong enough to take over. The investigation reveals Saudi Arabian universities are recruiting young Western Muslims to train them in their extreme theology, then sending them back to the West to spread the word. And the Dispatches reporter discovers that British Muslims can ask for fatwas, religious rulings, direct from the top religious leader in Saudi Arabia, the Grand Mufti.Via: The Muslim Issue",0
14619,"WORDS OF WISDOM FROM ‘THE VIEW’: Whoopie Threatens To Leave U.S. If Trump Doesn’t Stop Picking On Immigrants, While Joy Behar Offers Some Incoherent Thoughts On WWII","When asked by the other hosts on the show,  Where would you go?  Whoopie pauses, then realizes there really is no better country on the earth, as she sheepishly replies,  I don t know, I ve always been in America.  There s usually a good reason that people don t give up their citizenship Whoopie. There s probably a reason so many people are willing to break the law and illegally enter our country. Despite the drivel you and your cohorts push on  The View,  every American doesn t believe they re somehow a victim, and most Americans agree with Trump that we shouldn t be willing to give up all that makes America great just because the Left wants to shore up their voting block. If you wanna know what is really getting under Whoopie s skin, it s the idea that no one in the media can control Trump. That s what s really got the girls on  The View  freaking out Wednesday on ABC s  The View,  co-host Whoopi Goldberg said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump needs to  stop blaming  others for the problems in America and threatened to  move  out of the country.https://youtu.be/NwE2ZvcpKUsGoldberg said,  People don t like being the butt of the jokes and now that people say, listen, you can t make me the butt of your jokes, I don t like it. You can t use me as some sort of stereotype. I don t like it. That s the PC people are talking about. And the bottom line is this find a different way to say what you re going to say. People are not going to take it anymore. So if that s what s pisses you off, you re going to stay angry. Co-host Joy Behar said,  A lot of it has to do with their pocketbook. They re not making as much money as they used to make, that particular group of people. Maybe jobs are overseas, maybe technology has taken over, they don t have the background for it. They re ticked off. Goldberg interjected,  But then you can t blame immigrants for that. Behar continued,  That s scapegoating. It s as old as the hills. What do you think World War II is all about? You know that. It s all about blaming the Jews. Now it s the Mexicans and the Muslims. Blame everybody but yourself. Later in the segment, Goldberg continued her rant. Listen, he can be whatever party he wants to be,  she said.  What he can t be is he can t be the guy that says it s your fault stuff isn t working. That s not the president I want. Find a way to make stuff work. Stop blaming everybody because all of this, as American citizens, this is our   we did all of this. We ve allowed all this stuff, so we have to fix it. But you can t say,  Oh, you re Lebanese or you re black or you re Mexican or you re a woman.  Stop blaming everybody. Let s fix the crap. Let s just fix it. If you can fix it, I will listen to what you have to say. The minute you start pointing and saying that person is a rapist and a murderer, it pisses me off because I ve been part of that when they just use a blanket statement to talk about black people or when they use a blanket statement to talk about white people or women or any other group. I don t think that s America. I don t want it to be America. Maybe it s time for me to move, you know. I can afford to go,  she added.  I ve always been an American, and this has always been my country and we ve always been able to have discussions. And suddenly now it s turning into, you know, not them, not them. And you know, we have a lot of friends whose parents saw this already. They don t want to relive this   So I need all the candidates to get it together. Get back to American values. Behar said,  I must be naive maybe but I do believe that at the end of the day the American people will not vote for that type of xenophobia. The fact that they voted twice for President Obama, twice for President Clinton, people like that. I really do believe they will come to their senses. You know what, he can t win without 40 percent of the Hispanic vote and he has alienated the Hispanics. Via: Breitbart News",0
14620,IS HILLARY’S HOUSE OF CARDS Tumbling Down With The Mutiny Of This Billionaire Green Guru,"Uh Oh! Billionaire Green Guru Tom Stayer says he d possibly back Bernie Sanders over Hillary Clinton. His endorsement would be a huge boost for Hillary yet Mr. Stayer is holding off on that. Does he know that Hillary s campaign is collapsing so he s running from the scandal coming her way? Is Hillary s House of cards tumbling down before us?Billionaire environmental activist Tom Steyer said he is not ready to endorse Hillary Clinton, and he would be open to supporting her main rival, Bernie Sanders, if he becomes the Democratic nominee for president.One of the biggest Democratic donors, Steyer could help Clinton boost her standing among environmentalist activists who are a key constituency within the Democratic Party. Clinton is locked in tight races with Sanders in Iowa and New Hampshire, which both have early nominating contests. Our real goal has been not to support any one candidate, but to emphasize and highlight the issue (of climate change) so that the candidates can lay out their solutions and so the American people can have a chance to make a decision,  Steyer said in a telephone interview on Tuesday.After the Democratic Party picks its presidential nominee, that will change. We have always come out and supported the climate champion,  Steyer said.  The idea that for some reason we wouldn t do that, I d have to understand why in hell we didn t. Because that has been our practice always. Steyer has been a longtime ally of Clinton s. He held a fundraiser for her presidential campaign at his home in San Francisco in May. He was also an early supporter of Clinton s during her 2008 bid for the Democratic presidential nomination.There was no immediate reaction from the Clinton campaign to Steyer s comments.Steyer, 58, made his fortune through investments, some in fossil fuel energy, at Farallon Capital Management, the San Francisco-based hedge fund he founded in 1986.Read more: Yahoo",0
14621,TEACHER’S UNION PROTEST Gets Ugly As Protesters And Cops Duke It Out [Video],"In case you don t live in the Midwest, you might not have noticed that the fight continues between the Democrat-lead powers that just won t let go after decades of disaster in the city of Detroit. It s like the abused wife who s more comfortable with the evil she knows rather than getting the heck out of Dodge to find a better situation. The people of Detroit are still fighting the perceived  racism  from anywhere and everywhere in Republican Governor Snyyder s administration. The Democrats that ran the city into the ground with so much corruption and so many inept officials want the same-old same old back and want Emergency Managers put in place by Snyder to go away. The latest problem is with the Detroit Public Schools and the water scandal in the city of Flint. Here s the take from the Detroit News:Detroit   Hundreds of teachers, activists and students gathered Wednesday outside Cobo Center in a combined effort to protest conditions in Flint and at Detroit Public School buildings.The protest outside Cobo came hours before President Barack Obama s scheduled visit to the North American International Auto Show inside the building. Snyder out, is a must,  the crowd chanted, led by leaders wielding megaphones.  Detroit won t go to the back of the bus. Joel Berger, an English teacher at Cass Technical High School, said the city-wide sickout and protest stemmed from a grassroots effort by teachers, students and parents.He also joined many protesters in directly linking issues in DPS and Flint. Teachers, parents and students are just fed up with the injustices that are being done to our students,  Berger said.  It s about (Darnell) Earley, who was the emergency manager in Flint when they switched their water over, and now he s being charged with looking over Detroit Public Schools. We re building toward a city-wide strike to restore the rights of the people of Detroit now, and to get rid of the (DPS) emergency manager,  he said. It s clear that the state takeovers and the elimination of democratic control across Michigan cities has only created more destruction in black, Latino and poor communities,  he said.  In Flint, we had emergency manager Darnell Earley, who said himself that to save money, they d switch water from the Detroit water system to the Flint River. This is a city-wide struggle about our future,  Douglass said.  It s going to take this movement to prevent the racist attacks. Supporters of ousted teachers union president Steve Conn clash with Detroit police officers and hotel security at the Hilton Garden Hotel in Detroit where a hearing was held on Conn s bid to be reinstated.Some protesters insisted the sickout symbolized support for Steve Conn, the ousted former president of the Detroit Federation of Teachers union.The DFT executive board removed Conn from office and expelled him from the union in August after finding him guilty of internal misconduct charges.Read more: Detroit News",0
14622,WATCH: BLACK ACTRESS Stacey Dash Destroy Argument By Hollywood Race Agitator And Wife Of Will Smith: “Either we want to have segregation or integration”,"Stacey Dash is no stranger to controversy. She was recently suspended by FOX News when she said that [Barack]  Obama doesn t give a shit about terrorism. Today, on Fox and Friends, Stacey takes on Hollywood race hustler, and major Louis Farrakahn donor Jada Pinkett-Smith.Fox News contributor Stacey Dash asserted on Wednesday that Jada Pinkett Smith was a  hypocrite  for expecting some black actors to be nominated for an Oscar while the black community was enjoying special privileges like Black History Month and the BET channel.Watch Dash s appearance on Fox and Friends here:In a video posted to Facebook earlier this week, Smith revealed that she would not be attending the 88th Academy Awards to protest the fact all of the major nominees were white.(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));We must stand in our power.Posted by Jada Pinkett Smith on Monday, January 18, 2016After recently being suspended from Fox News for saying President Barack Obama did not  give a sh*t,  she was back on the network on Wednesday to respond to Smith. I think it s ludicrous,  she opined.  Because we have to make up our minds. Either we want to have segregation or integration. If we don t want segregation then we need to get rid of channels like BET and the BET Awards and the [NAACP] Image Awards, where you are only awarded if you are black. So you say there should not be a BET channel?  Fox News host Steve Doocy wondered. No, just like there shouldn t be a Black History Month,  Dash replied.  You know, we re Americans. Period. That s it. Are you saying there shouldn t be a Black History Month because there isn t a White History Month?  Doocy pressed. Exactly!  Dash insisted.According to Dash, the real problem was that Hollywood s support of President Barack Obama had not inspired filmmakers to create more black roles. We ve had a president who is black in office for the past eight years, who gets most of his funding from the liberal elite in Hollywood,  she said.  Yet, there are not very many roles for people of color. How can that be and why is it just now being addressed?  Via: RAW Story ",0
14623,ARRESTED: Cops Tell Shocking Story Of Domestic Abuse At Sarah Palin’s Home,"Are the Palin s above the law in Alaska? Will there ever come a time when America is no longer obsessed by families who have done nothing to earn our fascination with them? The oldest son of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin was arrested in a domestic violence case in which his girlfriend was afraid he would shoot himself with an AR-15 assault rifle, according to court documents filed Tuesday.Track Palin, 26, is charged with assault, interfering with the report of a domestic violence crime and possessing a weapon while intoxicated in connection with the incident Monday night at the Wasilla home of his parents, where he lives, according to an affidavit by police.The girlfriend told authorities she was punched in the face by Palin, who is the oldest child of Sarah Palin, the 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee and conservative icon.The charges were filed Tuesday, the same day Sarah Palin endorsed Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses.There is no telephone listing for the girlfriend. The court documents say the woman, Track Palin s girlfriend of one year, had bruising and swelling around her left eye, and she said her right knee hurt after Palin kicked her there.Palin family attorney John Tiemessen declined to comment on the matter other than to say in an email that respect for the family s privacy is appreciated  as Track receives the help that he and many of our returning veterans need.  Palin s arraignment was held Tuesday, but Tiemessen was not sure if he entered a plea yet.According to the three-page affidavit, both Palin and his girlfriend called 911 that night. Police Officer Andrew Kappler wrote that he arrived at the Wasilla home and found Track Palin walking outside and talking on a phone. The officer said Palin had an injury to his right eye and surrounding area, smelled strongly of alcohol and acted with escalating hostility, prompting Kappler to put him in handcuffs.Police say a breath sample provided by Palin showed he had a blood alcohol level of 0.189.The affidavit says other officers found the girlfriend hiding under a bed inside the home and crying.The argument continued at the home, according to the affidavit, which says Palin struck the woman with his fist on the left side of her head near her eye. She curled up in the fetal position because she didn t know what else he would do, the woman told police. She said he then kicked her in the knee and threw her phone across the driveway, according to the court document. The woman said she went inside after getting her phone.Inside, Palin held the rifle, with the barrel just away from his face pointed to the side, the affidavit states. The affidavit adds that the woman told police Palin was yelling  Do you think I won t do it? The girlfriend  was concerned that he would shoot himself and ran outside and around the house,  the affidavit says.  She didn t see where Palin went, so she went inside and up the stairs, where she hid under a bed. It s not the first encounter with the law for Palin or other members of his family. In September 2014, he and other Palins were involved in a brawl that broke out at a party in Anchorage.No arrests were made in the melee, and no one wanted to press charges. But according to a police report, Palin had blood around his mouth and his hands. He was belligerent until his mother told him to talk to a police officer. Via: FOX News",0
14624,BREAKING: Obama-Holder Fast N’ Furious Rifle Found In El Chapo Hideout Capable Of Downing A Helicopter,"Where s the accountably? As our President ramps up his gun control rhetoric in the U.S., we continue to see the fallout from of a botched government gun running program dubbed  Fast N  Furious.  How can this duplicitous President carry on about guns falling into the wrong hands in the U.S. while sending illegal guns over to Mexico to be used by drug lords against U.S. law enforcement and possibly against American civilians? A .50-caliber rifle found at Joaquin  El Chapo  Guzman s hideout in Mexico was funneled through the gun-smuggling investigation known as Fast and Furious, sources confirmed Tuesday to Fox News.A .50-caliber is a massive rifle that can stop a car, or as it was intended, take down a helicopter.After the raid on Jan. 8 in the city of Los Mochis that killed five of his men and wounded one Mexican marine, officials found a number of weapons inside the house Guzman was staying, including the rifle, officials said.When agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives checked serial numbers of the eight weapons found in his possession, they found one of the two .50-caliber weapons traced back to the ATF program, sources said.Federal officials told Fox News they are not sure how many of the weapons seized from Guzman s house actually originated in the U.S. and where they were purchased, but are investigating.Out of the roughly 2,000 weapons sold through Fast and Furious, 34 were .50 caliber rifles that can take down a helicopter, according to officials.Federal law enforcement sources told Fox News that  El Chapo  would put his guardsmen on hilltops to be on guard for Mexican police helicopters that would fly through valleys conducting raids. The sole purpose of the guardsmen would be to shoot down those helicopters, sources said.The Fast and Furious operation involved federal agents allowing criminals to buy guns with the intention of tracking them.Instead, agents from the ATF lost track of 1,400 of the 2,000 guns involved in the sting operation.The operation allowed criminals to buy guns in Phoenix-area shops with the intention of tracking them once they made their way into Mexico.After years of legal battles between the House Oversight Committee and Attorney General Eric Holder, 64,280 redacted Operation Fast and Furious documents held under President Obama s assertion of executive privilege since 2012, have been turned over by the Department of Justice after an order from U.S. District Court Judge Amy Berman Jackson. When Eric Holder wants to know why he was the first Attorney General held in criminal contempt of Congress, he can read the judge s order that compelled the production of 64,280 pages that he and President Obama illegitimately and illegally withheld from Congress. Since these pages still do not represent the entire universe of the documents the House of Representatives is seeking related to the Justice Department s cover-up of the botched gun-walking scandal that contributed to the death of a Border Patrol agent, our court case will continue,  Chairman Darrell Issa said in a statement.  I am deeply concerned that some redactions to these documents may still be inappropriate and contrary to the judge s order in the case. These documents being turned over is long awaited confirmation from both DOJ and the White House that officials withheld 64,280 documents that do not, and never did, fall under President Obama s executive privilege claims. As a reminder, President Obama asserted executive privilege in this case just moments before Holder was voted in contempt of Congress in June 2012. The President and the Attorney General attempted to extend the scope of the Executive Privilege well beyond its historical boundaries to avoid disclosing documents that embarrass or otherwise implicate senior Obama Administration officials,  an Oversight Committee release states.  In effect, last night s production is an admission that the Justice Department never had legitimate grounds to withhold these documents in the first place. Approximately two-thirds of the universe of documents that the Justice Department withheld from Congress has now been shown to be well outside the scope of Executive Privilege. The operation became a major distraction for the Obama administration as Republicans in Congress conducted a series of inquiries into how the Justice Department allowed such an operation to happen.Former Attorney General Eric Holder was held in contempt after he refused to divulge documents for a congressional investigation into the matter.This is the third time a weapon from the Fast and Furious program has been found at a high-profile Mexican crime scene.Via: FOX News",0
14625,"NEW POLL SHOWS DEMOCRATS Under 50 Prefer Old, White Marxists To Serial Criminals In Pants Suits","Nah nah nah nah hey hey hey good bye Support for Hillary Clinton among Democratic voters under 50 has tanked in the past month, according to a new Monmouth University poll.In December, she led fellow Democratic presidential contender Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., 52%-35% in that demographic. Now she trails him 39%-52%.She also has lost significant support among Democratic women, with her lead over Sanders shrinking from 45 points to 19 points in that group. Her support went from 64%-19% last month to 54%-35% now.Clinton still beats Sanders 52%-37% overall among Democrats, though Sanders  gains have cut into her lead, Monmouth found. And she has considerable support among important primary voting blocs. Voters over 50 prefer Clinton 64%-24%, and black and Latino voters side with her 71%-21%. With a shrinking margin, a strong showing by Sanders in Iowa and New Hampshire could cut Clinton s national lead even more,  said Patrick Murray, director of the Monmouth survey.  However, he would still have to overcome Clinton s demographic advantage in the ensuing contests. That means in places like South Carolina, Nevada and Super Tuesday states in the South where blacks and Latinos make up a sizable portion of the electorate. Murray points out that the same situation helped President Obama beat Clinton. It looks like the demographic that hurt Clinton in 2008 may be what helps her in 2016,  he said.Last week, Sanders  campaign announced it was launching a tour of historically black colleges and universities with stops in a number of Southern states.The Monmouth measurement of Sanders s support among young people resembles the results of a recent USA TODAY/Rock the Vote survey that found he leads Clinton 46%-35%, among millennial Democrats and independents. Via: USA TodayDear Hillary, Here s a message from every American who watched you lie about the 4 brave men you left to die in Benghazi: ",0
14626,"IF YOU’RE EASILY OFFENDED, Don’t Watch This American Pastor’s Rant: “Has America Gone Stupid?”","You re gonna love this patriot! He speaks for each and every one of us who are 100% FED Up! with  offended  Americans! Enjoy this awesome rant and God bless America!// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>HAS AMERICA GONE STUPID? Warning!!!! this video will most likely offend the majority of the population.!Posted by Highways and Hedges Ministries on Monday, January 18, 2016",0
14627,HOLY BETRAYAL OF AMERICA’S NATIONAL SECURITY: New Evidence Shows Hillary Emailed “Most Secretive” Classified Material On Private Unsecured Server,"She s the most dangerous, self-centered woman in America Hillary for Prison 2016.  Hillary Clinton s emails on her unsecured, homebrew server contained intelligence from the U.S. government s most secretive and highly classified programs, according to an unclassified letter from a top inspector general to senior lawmakers.Fox News exclusively obtained the unclassified letter, sent Jan. 14 from Intelligence Community Inspector General I. Charles McCullough III. It laid out the findings of a recent comprehensive review by intelligence agencies that identified  several dozen  additional classified emails   including specific intelligence known as  special access programs  (SAP).That indicates a level of classification beyond even  top secret,  the label previously given to two emails found on her server, and brings even more scrutiny to the presidential candidate s handling of the government s closely held secrets. To date, I have received two sworn declarations from one [intelligence community] element. These declarations cover several dozen emails containing classified information determined by the IC element to be at the confidential, secret, and top secret/sap levels,  said the IG letter to lawmakers with oversight of the intelligence community and State Department.  According to the declarant, these documents contain information derived from classified IC element sources. Intelligence from a  special access program,  or SAP, is even more sensitive than that designated as  top secret    as were two emails identified last summer in a random sample pulled from Clinton s private server she used as secretary of state. Access to a SAP is restricted to those with a  need-to-know  because exposure of the intelligence would likely reveal the source, putting a method of intelligence collection   or a human asset   at risk. Currently, some 1,340 emails designated  classified  have been found on Clinton s server, though the Democratic presidential candidate insists the information was not classified at the time. There is absolutely no way that one could not recognize SAP material,  a former senior law enforcement with decades of experience investigating violations of SAP procedures told Fox News.  It is the most sensitive of the sensitive. Executive Order 13526   called  Classified National Security Information  and signed Dec. 29, 2009   sets out the legal framework for establishing special access programs. The order says the programs can only be authorized by the president,  the Secretaries of State, Defense, Energy, and Homeland Security, the Attorney General, and the Director of National Intelligence, or the principal deputy of each. The programs are created when  the vulnerability of, or threat to, specific information is exceptional,  and  the number of persons who ordinarily will have access will be reasonably small and commensurate with the objective of providing enhanced protection for the information involved,  it states.According to court documents, former CIA Director David Petraeus was prosecuted for sharing intelligence from special access programs with his biographer and mistress Paula Broadwell. At the heart of his prosecution was a non-disclosure agreement where Petraeus agreed to protect these closely held government programs, with the understanding  unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized retention or negligent handling   could cause irreparable injury to the United States or be used to advantage by a foreign nation.  Clinton signed an identical non-disclosure agreement Jan. 22, 2009.While the State Department and Clinton campaign have said the emails in questions were  retroactively classified  or  upgraded    to justify the more than 1,300 classified emails on her server   those terms are meaningless under federal law.The former federal law enforcement official said the finding in the January IG letter represents a potential violation of USC 18 Section 793,  gross negligence  in the handling of secure information under the Espionage Act.  Via: FOX News",0
14628,THE HEARTLESS MARXIST: What Bernie Sanders Did To Over 300 Homeless People Proves He Only Cares About Himself,"Who kicks homeless people out onto the streets so they can host a rally? If Sanders really cared so much about the  little guy,  he would have given them a hot meal and a front seat. But alas, they aren t likely registered voters, so kicking them to the curb is the next best thing .Democrat presidential candidate Bernie Sanders describes himself as a  Democratic socialist.  I guess he thinks that sounds a lot nicer than  communist  or  Marxist.  After all, the source of his constant ridicule, attacks, and plans to target should, heaven forbid, he become president are private insurance companies and privately-owned banks.Though the Democrat party likes to sell itself as one of youth and compassionate, that theory is blown when you look at the stage of the Democrat debates and see an old white woman who is as corrupt as the day is long and an older white man who is a crotchety socialist/Marxist who has capitalized on progressives filling the minds of our youth with lies about capitalism being bad and socialism, which has failed everywhere it s been tried in the world, as the saving grace.Sanders  constant railing against the  rich  and his efforts to pit Americans of different socioeconomic levels against one another makes Obama s last seven years of divisiveness look like amateur hour. But, for all his talk about his compassion for the poor and his attempt to create envy and jealousy so that he can capitalize on his promise to make the rich pay for their success for confiscating larger amounts of their money so he can play Santa Claus, like all socialists, communists, Marxists, Bernie s personal actions don t quite mesh with his words.Some people told me Alabama was a conservative state. I guess not. Watch live: https://t.co/5W9i3XN1US #BernieInAL pic.twitter.com/6EH4fTJ1lH  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) January 19, 2016On Monday night, Sanders held a rally in Birmingham, Alabama. Since it was the celebration of Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, he decided to use that day to sell his snake oil of  socialism  where MLK rose to prominence. Of course, he bragged about it on Twitter as well as the crowd that showed up. Here s what the auditorium normally looks when a marxist isn t hosting a Presidential primary rally in Birmingham, ALWhat he failed to mention, not surprisingly, was that the auditorium where his rally was held served as a warming station for the city s homeless. On what was the coldest night of the year, with temperatures falling to 20 degrees overnight, but feeling more like 15 degrees with wind chill factor, over 300 homeless people were kicked out onto the street so that Sanders could peddle his socialistic lies.I guess they weren t good enough to be allowed to remain in the warmth of the auditorium for his rally. Via: Politistick",0
14629,WATCH LIVE STREAM: SARAH PALIN To Endorse Trump – Big Day Of Endorsements For “The Donald” [VIDEO],"This is a stake to the heart of Senator Ted Cruz! Sarah Palin is shocking everyone with a big endorsement today LIVE STREAMING BELOW (6:00 p.m. Eastern):Sarah Palin, the former Alaska governor and 2008 vice-presidential nominee who became a Tea Party sensation and a favorite of grass-roots conservatives, will endorse Donald J. Trump in Iowa on Tuesday, officials with his campaign confirmed. The endorsement provides Mr. Trump with a potentially significant boost just 13 days before the state s caucuses. I m proud to endorse Donald J. Trump for president,  Ms. Palin said in a statement provided by his campaign.Her support is the highest-profile backing for a Republican contender so far. I am greatly honored to receive Sarah s endorsement,  Mr. Trump said in a statement trumpeting Mrs. Palin s decision.  She is a friend, and a high-quality person whom I have great respect for. I am proud to have her support. In Iowa, where Ms. Palin spent years developing support, the endorsement could be especially helpful. Over the years Palin has actually cultivated a number of relationships in Iowa,  said Craig Robinson, the former executive director of the Republican Party of Iowa and publisher of the website The Iowa Republican.  There are the Tea Party activists who still think she s great and a breath of fresh air, but she also did a good job of courting Republican donors in the state,  he added.Other conservatives said that Ms. Palin serves as a particularly effective shield against Senator Ted Cruz, who is battling Mr. Trump for the lead in Iowa polls by courting the state s evangelical voters.LIVE STREAM: WINTERSET, Iowa   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is kicking off a swing through Iowa at the John Wayne Birthplace Museum, where he received an endorsement from the Western film actor s daughter, Aissa Wayne. The endorsement was announced Tuesday in front of a life-size, rifle-toting model of the actor in full cowboy gear.Aissa Wayne said the country needs a strong and courageous leader like her father. She said John Wayne would be offering his endorsement if he were still alive.Trump said he was a big fan of Wayne and that the actor represented strength and power   which the American people are looking for.He said,  We have exactly the opposite from John Wayne right now in this country. The museum includes an extensive collection of memorabilia from Wayne s movies.VIA: NYPTRUMP S FACEBOOK POST ON THE ENDORSEMENT:A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne s daughter, Aissa Wayne.  So proud that if John were here today, he would have endorsed Trump    strength! ",0
14630,UNBELIEVABLE! VINTAGE VIDEO EXPOSES Racist First Family: Michelle Obama’s mom says Barack’s mixed race “didn’t concern me as much as if he was completely white”,"This is an old video that exposes so much about the phony race issues that Obama and the Robinson s (Michelle s maiden name) seem to be so obsessed with. Please watch this very informative video to the end. You will see pictures of Obama s white uncle and aunt that, for some reason, have been hidden from plain site. There is also an interesting picture of Barack s extended White and Asian family. Why did the press work so hard to keep these photos, and this video hidden during his campaign and presidency?  It s pretty clear that Barack learned how to work the system from his father/sperm donor, Barack Hussein Obama Sr.  But life changed dramatically when he was only two, and his father abandoned his wife and son to accept a scholarship at Harvard. After completing his PHD, Obama Sr. returned to Kenya. Barry saw his father only one more time when he was 10 and his father returned to Hawaii for a visit.At age 6, young Barry did gain a stepfather. His mother met and married a Muslim graduate student at the University of Hawaii who was from Indonesia. Barry and his mother moved to Indonesia and soon, a half-sister was born.  Indonesia s poverty and its politics, which had victimized (Is it possible to be a part of Barack s life if you re not a victim?) his step-father, left a lasting impression on the young bi-racial child trying to fit into yet another culture.It was in Indonesia where Barry first saw magazine stories and ads about blacks bleaching their skin. That was (apparently) when he realized, (at the age of 10 yrs) there were  power relationships in race. So when most boys Barry s age are worrying about building tree forts, catching frogs, riding their bikes or securing the neighborhood paper delivery job, Barack was concerned with  power relationships in race?  Really?Punahou occupies a privileged position, not just on the hillside, but in Hawaii society. In his memoir, Dreams From My Father, Barack Obama recalled how his grandfather pulled strings to get him in. [F]or my grandparents, my admission into Punahou Academy heralded the start of something grand, an elevation in the family status that they took great pains to let everyone know,  Obama wrote.For generations, Punahou educated the children of plantation owners, businessmen and politicians. Pal Eldredge graduated from Punahou in the 1960s. In the beginning, we were known as the  haole school,    says Eldredge.Haole is Hawaiian for foreigner   or white person. Eldredge says that when young Obama arrived as a fifth-grader in 1971, the school s complexion was just beginning to change. We didn t have a lot of African-Americans. So your first thing is,  Oh, we ve got an African-American. Terrific!    says Eldredge.He was teaching at Punahou at the time, and he remembers the future president as a pudgy, cheerful kid. He used to wear these shorts and striped T-shirts a lot, and sandals. But after you got to know him, not only was he a bright student, but he was just a funny, all-around kid, and everybody liked him,  says Eldredge.As usual, Barry can turn a story of privilege into a story of victimhood like nobody s business: In his memoir, Obama dwells on moments at Punahou when his race made him feel conspicuous, such as the time he was teased for playing with the only other black child in his grade. When I looked up, I saw a group of children, faceless before the glare of the sun, pointing down at us.  Coretta has a boyfriend! Coretta has a boyfriend!    Obama writes.In the book, Obama s struggles with racial identity grow as he reaches high school, and he recalls intense discussions with another black student, an embittered boy he calls  Ray. Ray  is really Keith Kakugawa. He s part black, part Japanese.Kakugawa says he and young Obama did have some heart-to-hearts about race but, in general, it wasn t a big issue at the school because Punahou kids had to stick together. Because we knew once we left that school, there was a target on our backs. No matter what race you are, you re Punahou. You re the rich, white kids. Period,  Kakugawa says. He wasn t raised black, because he was raised in a white family, and raised as if he were a  white boy.'  -Barack Obama s uncleReporter asks Obama:  Were you essentially raised as a white child? Obama:  No. I don t think so. I mean I was raised as an Indonesian child, and as a Hawaiian child and as a black and white child. Sorry Barry wrong again! As much as you try to deny it, you were not only raised as a white child, but a white child with more  privilege  than 90% of the rest of the White population. You were in the 1% of the White population, but you quickly learned to take advantage of all the benefits that come with being black when it was time to apply for college scholarships. Like his dad, young Barry accepted a scholarship (FREE education) to the mostly White Occidental College in Los Angeles. But he was dissatisfied and transferred to Columbia University in New York City in his Junior year.  Hoping to find more black students or at least a broader black community. That is where Barry changed his name to Barack.Michelle Obama met Barack when she was tasked by her law firm to recruit him. Michelle was surprised when she saw he was from Hawaii and asked her (racist) self:  What normal black people grow up in Hawaii? WATCH at the 13 minute mark:Michelle s racist mom was a little worried about the mixed heritage of her future son-in-law. When asked about her concern about his race, she had this to say about Barack:  That [his mixed race] didn t concern me as much as if he was completely white. When Barack Obama lost his first election, many questioned if, given his heritage and Harvard Law degree, if he was  black enough?  Michelle Obama was furious over the charge of her husband not being  black enough.  She had this to say about Barack being black enough:  I m as black as it gets. I was born on the south side. I come from an obviously black family you know, we weren t rich. I ll put my blackness up against anyone s blackness in the the state. ",0
14631,SUPREME COURT AGREES TO TAKE ON Obama’s Un-American Plan To Shield Millions Of Illegals From Deportation,"So far, the Supreme Court has not prevented one single unconstitutional act committed by Obama. Is there any reason to believe they will stop the invasion of illegals to save America and the American worker?The Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to review President Obama s plan to shield up to 5 million illegal immigrants from deportation, after lower courts blocked the president s sweeping executive actions from taking effect.The decision sets up an election-year clash over the controversial plan that many Republicans have likened to  amnesty. The justices said Tuesday they will consider undoing lower court rulings that blocked the plan from taking effect. The Obama administration had appealed to the Supreme Court last fall.The decision to review the case may be welcome on both sides of the aisle. Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch, of Utah, issued a statement praising the court for taking it on   and urging the justices to rule against the administration. President Obama s executive action is an affront to our system of republican self-government,  Hatch said.  The Constitution vests legislative authority in Congress, not the President. With his actions, President Obama has attempted to bypass the constitutionally ordained legislative process and rewrite the law unilaterally. The case probably will be argued in April and decided by late June, about a month before both parties  presidential nominating conventions. The issue of illegal immigration has taken a center-stage role in the Republican primary battle, as Donald Trump calls for a wall between the U.S. and Mexico and candidates spar over who is toughest on the issue.The immigrants who would benefit from the Obama administration s plan are mainly the parents of U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents.But more than two-dozen mostly Republican-led states challenged Obama s executive actions after they were rolled out in 2014, and the plan has been tied up in litigation ever since.Critics say the plan is unconstitutional. Shortly before the administration took the case to the Supreme Court, the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of the states in early November.Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. later said in a court filing that allowing those rulings to stand would force millions of people  to continue to work off the books, without the option of lawful employment to provide for their families. At issue is the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans program, which Obama said would allow people who have been in the United States more than five years and who have children who are in the country legally to  come out of the shadows and get right with the law.  Via: Fox News ",0
14632,ANGELINA JOLIE HUMILIATED Barack Obama On World Stage Over Weak Leadership On Terrorism,"It s good to know there are a few Hollywood celebrities who haven t bought into Obama s false messiah B.S During an appearance before the U.K. s House of Lords on Tuesday, Hollywood actress and human rights advocate Angelina Jolie spoke out about how Islamic State group militants use sexual violence as a means to perpetuate terrorism   and about how we need strong leadership (unlike that of President Barack Obama) to overcome this threat.Jolie s excoriating speech laid bare just how anemic and pitiful Obama s response to ISIS has been, and how ISIS is being allowed to build a society based on rape, violence, and of course Shariah law. They are dictating it as policy beyond what we have seen before,  Jolie said.  They are saying,  We should do this, this is the right way to build a society, so we tell you to rape. Islamic militants are basically building a civilization not focused on growing food or educating children, but rather on kidnapping, enslaving and raping women, to perpetuate the endless cycle of terrorism, and Obama has allowed these barbaric radical Muslims to thrive. The most aggressive terrorist group in the world today knows what we know, knows that it is a very effective weapon and they are using it as a centrepoint of their terror and their way of destroying communities and families, and attacking and dehumanising,  Jolie explained. For over 10 years, I had been visiting the field and meeting families and survivors of sexual violence who felt for so long that their voices simply didn t mater, they weren t heard, and they carried a great shame,  Jolie continued.She added that we need  a very, very strong response at this time  to stop this horrific behavior. Of course, we have been calling on Obama to make that strong response for years, but he s far more interested in race baiting back home than dealing a death blow to radical Islam.Jolie does have some measure of expertise in the matters she s speaking of. As she told the Houses of Parliament, she has been campaigning for Middle Eastern victims of sexual abuse for over a decade (H/T The Gateway Pundit).Below is an excerpt of Jolie s address, this part dealing with some of her encounters with young rape victims.https://youtu.be/KBmHnzjgwSkIt seems like Jolie is someone whose words President Obama should heed. Will our president actually take the time though to listen, learn and adjust his failed strategy against what he once referred to as the  JV team? Only time will tell   but we wouldn t want to put any money on it. Via: Conservative Tribune",0
14633,OOPS! WATCH THE BRILLIANT TV AD Trump Made For Cruz,Brilliant ,0
14634,"EYE-OPENING: Why Liberals Won’t Talk About White, Poverty-Stricken, Rural Americans","This is a story you will never find in the mainstream media What seldom gets talked about and when it is, often with irreverent humor and contempt is the poverty of rural America, particularly rural white America: Appalachia, the Ozarks, the Mississippi Delta, the Dakotas, the Rio Grande Valley, the Cotton Belt.If you spend time among coastal liberals, it s not unusual to hear denigrating remarks made about poor  middle Americans  slip out of mouths that are otherwise forthcoming about the injustices of poverty and inequality.Yet, since the 1950s, Americans living in non-metropolitan counties have had a higher rate of poverty than those living in metropolitan areas. According to the 2013 American Community Survey, the poverty rate among rural-dwelling Americans is three percent higher than it is among urban-dwellers. In the South, the poorest region of the country, the rural-urban discrepancy is greatest around eight percent higher in non-metro areas than metro areas.Watch here, as Levi Holstein, 22 explains what Obama s shut down of the coal industry has done to his community: Holstein s youth was spent hunting deer,turkey and bears,fishing for catfish with his father and riding four wheelers through the hills of Boone County. Now,the mountains he grew to love have been leveled in pursuit of coal,and their debris scraped into the hollow above his childhood home,destroying old haunts. I would be the first to tell you I hate strip mines. I hate it,I don t like it one bit,  Holstein said.  But at the same time it gives a man a job. Unfortunately, for 8 years we had a President who was committed to shutting down the coal industry in rural America, where primarily low income white families live.For Holstein,and many others throughout the region,the changes to the landscape and negative environmental impacts are weighed against paychecks to support their families. However,in the past few years career miners have seen their jobs vanish or move to other parts of the state.Once the most formidable industry in West Virginia,coal is progressively losing its economic dominance throughout Central Appalachia as production slows due to tightening pollution controls,greater availability of cheap natural gas and growing competition from other coal basins.From 2007 to 2012 West Virginia s annual coal production dropped by 31.7 million tons annually,falling over 20 percent,from 165.7 million to 129.5 million. Over half of that decline,17.9 million tons,came from Boone County,which until 2012 had long been the state s top producer.So why is the poverty of rural America largely unexamined, even avoided? There are a number of explanations.Rural and urban poverty are similar to the degree that both occur when people do not have access to jobs specifically ones that pay a living wage (i.e. enough to provide themselves and their dependents with basic necessities like food and shelter). Many of the causal factors for poverty, however, are exacerbated in remote areas where the job and labor markets are smaller and less diverse, and communities lack the human capital of city economies. Often a single industry (in some cases single employer) will dominate a vast region.The geographic distance between some rural communities and higher education institutions, as well as technical and vocational schools, is also a factor. According to U.S. Department of Agriculture Economic Research Service, 20 percent of non-metro residents complete their college degrees compared to 30 percent in metropolitan areas.Similarly, when it comes to providing social services in rural America, spatial challenges arise in making those services accessible and visible to a remote public. The repertoire of services available to [rural people] is smaller,  Lobao says. Her research indicates that 50 percent of metropolitan counties provide subsidies for emergency medical services, while only 30 percent of non-metro counties do. Similarly, 30 percent of metro counties make elder care available, but only 20 percent of non-metro counties do. And 25 percent of metro counties provide childcare care, but only 16 percent of non-metro countries do. Each of these deficits contributes to the higher rate of poverty that we see among the rural poor.Lisa Pruitt, a law professor at the University of California at Davis, studies the intersection of law and rural livelihoods. She also runs a site called the Legal Ruralism Blog, where she writes about the problem of rural American poverty. Pruitt grew up in a working-class rural Newton County in the Ozarks of northwest Arkansas. She tells Rural America In These Times that one important misconception about rural poverty is that it is an exclusively white problem. While the majority of rural Americans struggling with poverty are white, Pruitt says, the racial makeup of the rural poor is far more diverse than the image most Americans realize. We tend to associate rural poverty with whiteness,  Pruitt says.  When we think about rural poverty, most associations with rural poverty are with white populations and in fact, that is true to some extent but it s actually far from being monochromatic. The demographics of poverty in rural and urban America are quite similar. Though whites make up the majority of both metropolitan and non-metropolitan populations in the United States resulting in a higher numbers of whites living in poverty poverty rates throughout rural America are much higher among the rural minority population. According to the 2013 American Community Survey, 40 percent of blacks living in non-metro counties fall below the poverty line, compared to 15 percent of whites. Poverty rates among non-metro Hispanics and American Indians are also considerably higher than they are among whites.This popular association between rural American poverty and whiteness is key to understanding why the media, and liberal America as a whole, doesn t talk about rural American poverty. While black poverty in the United States is attributed to the legacies of slavery, Jim Crow, housing discrimination, incarceration, and other forms of institutionalized racism, we have no national narrative that explains white poverty. As a result, there is an implicit belief that whites who have benefited from all of the advantages that come with being white don t have a good reason to be poor. In other words, that when whites live in poverty, it is their fault, or even their choice.Since the 1960s, the current U.S. economic system has had as a constant feature 15 percent of the population living below the poverty line. For better or worse,  says Pruitt,  when we talk about poverty, we focus on black poverty, and we focus on Hispanic poverty. We ve collapsed our nation s poverty problem into our nation s racism problem and it leads us to turn a blind eye to rural poverty. One of Pruitt s overarching arguments is that this political polarization between the liberal mainstream and the rural poor is self-perpetuating, and will only worsen with time as the rural poor are  excluded from the pipeline to power. There is such a disconnect between the people in power in this country and the rural poor. It s a negative feedback loop,  says Pruitt.  If you re deciding who you are going to admit to Harvard and you see they grew up socio-economically disadvantaged from rural America, the knee-jerk reaction is,  We don t want those people among us. They re racist. They re uncouth. They re unsavory.   Though the left has all but cornered the subject of poverty and its myriad dimensions, the fact that rural Americans tend to espouse conservative positions on social issues like abortion and gay rights does not make the liberal media or Democratic candidates any more sympathetic to rural American poverty. And if the 2008 Presidential Election is any indicator, poor rural Americans, especially whites, feel increasingly at odds with liberal politics and liberal candidates. I think the assumption is that rural white voters are racist and illiberal and intolerant,  says Pruitt.  And so there are all sorts of incentives to distance ourselves for the Democratic presidential candidates to distances themselves from rural whites. I think that most rural white voters are pretty alienated from politics generally, and the Democratic Party in particular. Yet the left and working class rural Americans have many reasons to forge a stronger relationship specifically in challenging the authority of corporate America and growing the bargaining power of workers. Lobao, clearly frustrated, says rural sociologists have spent a lot of time thinking about how the left could appeal to rural Americans and often find themselves mired in  platitudes. The one thing that we could stress in terms of social values is the value of building community,  she said.    Do you like your community? Do you want to build it? Well why can t we?  We can try to emphasize building the community, you know, because people identify with their community whether they re Republican or Democrat.  Via: In These Times",0
14635,BREAKING UPDATE ON Obama’s War On Cops: Ohio Police Officer Murdered By Thug “looking to kill an officer” [VIDEO],"This random cop killing trend is almost like punishing every black man in America for the crimes Obama has committed against our nation. Most of us are smart enough to understand that you don t blame an entire group of people who are largely innocent of wrong doing, for a few bad apples. Now that Obama, Holder, Sharpton and DeBlasio have made blaming our law enforcement as a whole, for the crimes of a few, expect to see more of these hate crimes committed across America. This is a despicable new trend, and people need to start demanding those who started this war against our law enforcement are held accountable.Officials say they were warned a gunman was hunting cops in Ohio this weekend, and by Sunday evening they realized the terrible truth behind the warning when they found a bloody hat but no patrol car and no officer.Police say a woman in Danville called dispatch Sunday evening around 11:20 p.m. to warn them her ex-boyfriend, identified as 34-year-old Hershel Ray Jones III, was armed and  looking to kill an officer,  reports CBS affiliate WBNS-TV in Columbus.The woman said officers in the area of Danville, near Columbus, were in danger.Dispatchers frantically put out a call and failed to make contact with Danville Officer Thomas Cottrell. Deputies from the Knox County Sheriff s officer were dispatched, but all they turned up initially was a Cottrell s hat with blood on it, and nothing more.Their worst fears were later realized 20 minutes later when they Cottrell s body behind the Danville Municipal Building, clearly dead from gunshot wounds. His gun and patrol car had been stolen.He was the first officer killed in the state of Ohio in 2016, reports WBNS.Jones was tracked down a short while later, and spotted at 1:30 a.m. running out of a house. Police gave chase, and caught him near Danville Park. He has been named as the prime suspect in the murder.No charges have been announced yet.Via: CBS News",0
14636,VIRAL VIDEO: Bernie Sanders Shoots Hillary The Evil Eye During Dem Debate,"This is pretty hysterical and is a reaction during the Democratic debate last night:Feel free to use this in your memes, kids #DemDebate pic.twitter.com/9pEdFdGmYr  Justin Fenton (@justin_fenton) January 18, 2016  ",0
14637,RARE INTERVIEW WITH WHITE HOUSE SECRETARY: Bill Clinton Had Affairs With “thousands of women”…”Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made”,"This is a mind-blowing interview that confirms much of what many of us suspected about the Clintons. For some, it may be even worse than what they believed to be true. Kudos to Linda Tripp for agreeing to do this interview. People who cross the Clinton s do usually fare too well In a rare interview, Linda Tripp, a pivotal figure in the Monica Lewinsky scandal, revealed on Sunday it was common knowledge while she worked in the West Wing that Bill Clinton had affairs with  thousands of women. Speaking on  Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,  Tripp for the first time divulged that she personally knew another White House staffer aside from Lewinsky who was also having an affair with Clinton. That unnamed staffer was mentioned by Tripp in various depositions but she has not spoken about it publicly.She charged that Hillary Clinton not only knew about her husband s exploits,  She made it her personal mission to disseminate information and destroy the women with whom he dallied. Tripp says she cringes at the sight of Clinton presenting herself as  a champion of women s rights worldwide in a global fashion, and yet all of the women she has destroyed over the years to ensure her political viability continues is sickening to me. Tripp documented evidence of Lewinsky s phone calls about her relationship with Bill Clinton and submitted the evidence to independent counsel Kenneth Starr, leading to the public disclosure of the affair. She explained to Klein that she did so because she believed her own life and Lewinsky s were in danger, saying that Lewinsky was threatening Clinton with outing the relationship.Tripp also used the interview to criticize what she says is the news media s unwillingness to investigate the Clintons. She singled out and thanked Matt Drudge of the Drudge Report, declaring that without him  things would have been very, very different. Drudge s website was the first media outlet to break the Lewinsky scandal after Newsweek sat on the story.Tripp had unique access to the Clintons because her office was directly adjacent to Hillary s second floor West Wing office for the entire time she served in the Clinton White House from 1993 to the summer of 1994 with the exception of the first three months of the Clinton administration, when she sat just outside the Oval Office.Tripp s nonpartisan position was a carryover from the George H. W. Bush administration in which she served. Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made She told Klein that her role in the Lewinsky case followed  years of alarm at what I had seen in the Clinton White House, particularly Hillary and the different scandals, whether it was Filegate, Travelgate, Whitewater, Vince Foster. All of the scandals that had come before and were so completely obliterated in the mind s eye of the American people because of the way all of them were essentially discounted. So I watched a lying President and a lying First Lady present falsehoods to the American people. So my dismay predated the January 1998 period when the Monica Lewinsky scandal surfaced. To me it was very important that the American people see what I was seeing. My years with the Clintons were so disturbing on so many levels. Tripp maintains that she went public with the Lewinsky evidence to ensure the intern s safety as well as her own.She told Klein:I say today and I will continue to say that I believe Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made and action I took. That may sound melodramatic to your listeners. I can only say that from my perspective I believe that she and I at the time were in danger, because nothing stands in the way of these people achieving their political ends.I think that had it not become public when it did, particularly in light of the Paula Jones lawsuit, which was coming to a head with President Clinton s deposition, that we may well have met with an accident. It s a situation where unless you lived it as I did you would have no real framework of reference for this sort of situation.Tripp said the young Lewinsky, 21-years-old when she entered the White House as an intern, was unaware of the danger that she faced.She described Lewinsky as a  young girl, smart, clever   but in this one area she was blinded and she fancied herself in love. He fancied himself entitled. It was nothing more than a servicing agreement. She romanticized that there was an affair. And when it didn t pan out the way she had hoped it would   he had promised her he would bring her back to the White House as soon as the 1996 election campaign had finished. When he didn t, she essentially lost her mind and started acting in erratic and frightening ways. Threatening the president.There came a point in July of 1997 when she not only threatened to expose the affair, as she referred to it. But also she at that time informed him that I knew all about it. So at that time it became dangerous for Monica and for me. This was something that absolutely could never see the light of day. And she never realized the implications of threatening a president or her behavior. And I did.Tripp told Klein that  the biggest fallacy that most people believed is that this was a unique occurrence. Monica was somehow special. And regrettably that s the farthest thing from the truth. She said,  Everyone knew within the West Wing, particularly those who spent years with him, of the thousands of women. Now most of your listeners might find that difficult if not impossible to believe. And I can tell you in the beginning I felt the same way. But let me be clear here. This is a pattern of behavior that has gone on for years. And the abuse of women for years. Asked whether Clinton was having affairs with others in the West Wing, Tripp replied,  I know that to be true. One in particular who I will not name told me this herself. But as to the hundreds or thousands, remember I worked closely with the closest aides to the president. And it was a loosey-goosy environment so there was not a lot of holding back. So it was common knowledge, let s put it this way, within the West Wing that he had this problem. It was further common knowledge that Hillary was aware of it. Tripp described the tense West Wing atmosphere between what she characterized as two almost diametrically opposed Clinton camps.The dynamic between the two groups   the Bill Clinton people and the Hillary Clinton people. It was as though they were almost opposing forces. But I can tell you that the one with the power and the one that instilled the fear in the other was the Hillary camp.And the [Bill] Clinton people would cower if she were coming into the area, just as an example, of the Oval without notice. There would be scurrying around to make sure there was no one in the wrong place at the wrong time, shall we say. It was a fascination to see the amount of energy that was expended covering up his behavior. It was horrifying.Tripp said Hillary personally targeted Bill s female conquests and accusers, with the future presidential candidate exhibiting behavior that is  egregious and it s so disingenuous. In my case, for instance, right after the Lewinsky story broke, she was heard directing her staff to get anything and everything on Linda Tripp. So the defamation of character and the absolute assurance that my credibility would be destroyed began right away. And it happens with any woman who is involved in any way, either with him in a physical relationship or an assault or anything that can endanger their political viability.Tripp recalled Hillary s January 27, 1998 appearance on NBC s The Today Show in which she was seen as standing by her husband while blaming the Lewinsky scandal on a  vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president. She didn t do it in an honest way,  said Tripp of Clinton s NBC interview.  Instead she lied, which didn t surprise me. And I will give her credit. She is enormously effective. And became a victim. A wife who was betrayed. This is someone who had no real personal problem with any of this behavior. The problem was in it becoming public. They had to continue to become electable  She was the more aggressive one in ensuring that the political viability was not endangered in any way. Tripp told Klein that Hillary  does not possess integrity on any level. I just wish that your listeners could know the person that I knew. Because if they did there is not a chance she would be elected president. Tripp s ringside seat afforded her rare insight into the scandals of the 1990s and perhaps alleged wrongdoings to come, with the West Wing employee personally witnessing behavior that may have foreshadowed Clinton s email scandal, in which she is accused of sending classified materials through her personal server.Tripp said she noticed major differences in the manner in which classified material was handled by both the Clinton and Bush administrations in which she served.President George H.W. Bush s administration had  a completely different way of operating on every level, including on classified and secret material,  she said.She continued:All the regulations were followed, right down to a cover sheet being essential if the document had had any sort of classifications. The securing of classified documentation in safes. The burn bags that were used if any sensitive material was to be disposed of. All of this was familiar to me and followed every security protocol that I had experienced in the past.When the Clintons came in this was one of the things that I found appalling right from day one. And it went hand and hand with the disdain for the military. The military was present in the White House in the form of presidential aides. The aide that carried the nuclear football, just as an example. And in the Bush White House they were respected, as they should be. In the Clinton White House, they were disdained. To see it treated this way and to see these people treated this way was disturbing.Tripp referred to Clinton s private mail woes as  classic Hillary Clinton in a nutshell. She gets to decide what she does. Look, the rules don t apply to the Clintons. If you understand that basic premise you understand the Clintons. For Tripp, Clinton s use of a private server was  all about control. She has a need to control every single aspect of her life. And you know anyone in government knows that any key stroke on a keyboard within a government agency belongs to the government  it is not up to the employee on any level to control what happens to it for posterity. FOR ENTIRE INTERVIEW, CLICK HERE: Breitbart News",0
14638,BRITISH WOMAN LOSES VIRGINITY To Asylum Seeking Rapist On Her Way To Church,"Europe is likely not going to be a top destination for families with young daughters, and they have no one to blame but themselves for this idiocy. Political correctness will be the death of Europe as we know it. Do Americans have the fortitude to stop the bleeding here, before the invasion of foreigners on our soil is officially out of control? PREDATORY asylum seeker who  chillingly  raped a 21-year-old devout Christian woman next to a church was starting a 10 year jail sentence today.Eritrean-born Mebrehtom Abrha, 25, stalked the vulnerable virgin for 10 minutes as she walked through Liverpool city centre to her boyfriend s house at 6am last July 19.Liverpool Crown Court heard he dragged her off the pavement and into a grassy area before raping her twice in a harrowing four-minute ordeal.The terrifying attack left the devout Christian  angry at God  and fearing she had contracted HIV, an appalled judge was told.Abrha, who lived in Liverpool before fleeing to Birmingham, was arrested following a BBC Crimewatch appeal on October 12.Today he started an extended sentence of 10 years  imprisonment with a further five years on licence as his victim told the court:  I felt ashamed, dirty and unclean. Going to church has always been in an important part of my life but since the attack I was not able to go to church for many months. I was angry at God and I was angry at myself for feeling this way. The victim also admitted the attack caused her to end her relationship with her boyfriend, adding:  I have lost any desire to do anything in my life. I feel terrified in the shower. I get the feeling that someone is going to get me and I start to panic. The victim   who cannot be named for legal reasons   had been out clubbing on Saturday July 18 last year and agreed to meet her boyfriend the following morning.Prosecutor David McLachlan told the court she could not get a taxi so opted to walk the mile-and-a-half route.Despite warnings to not cut through the park from her boyfriend, she did   and was confronted by the East African man who dragged her off into a wooded area nearby.He then subjected her to a horrific attack, ripping open her dress before raping her and  chillingly  walking away.Afterwards the woman   covered in dirt and with injuries to her back and neck   ran to her boyfriend s house and he raised the alarm.Michael O Brien, defending Abhra, read out part of a letter of apology from his client, which went:  This was an un-Christian act and I did a horrible thing to this woman. I ask for forgiveness. Ahbra was granted asylum for five years in June 2014 after claiming he was forced to flee his native country after being conscripted to the Eritrean army aged 18.Ahbra, who has no previous convictions and spoke through a Tigrignan interpreter, claimed he had no memory of the attack as he was too inebriated.Ahbra held his hand to his eyes as David Aubrey QC sentenced him before he made the sign of the cross as he was led down in to custody.Judge Aubrey told him:  You watched her, you followed her, pursued her, threatened her and raped her before, somewhat chillingly, walking away calmly. I cannot ignore the tragic irony of this case that you attacked her next to a church. Afterwards Merseyside Police Det Insp Terry Davies said: There is no doubt that this had had a significant impact on his young victim, who will now have to live with this for the rest of her life. Via: Express UK",0
14639,BREAKING UDATE: IRAN CONFIRMS $1.7 BILLION Was RANSOM Payment For Prisoners And NOT Part Of “Nuclear Deal” ORIGINAL STORY: OBAMA AND KERRY Agree To Give Iran $1.7 BILLION U.S. Taxpayer Dollars As “Settlement”,"Whiskey Tango Foxtrot!The United States  sent Iran $400 million in debt plus $1.3 billion in interest, and the money was disbursed as a ransom payment for four American hostages of the Islamic regime, a top Iranian commander said Wednesday afternoon. Therefore, the U.S. paid the Iranian regime $425 million dollars per American hostage, according to the commander. The annulment of sanctions against Iran s Bank Sepah and reclaiming of $1.7mln of Iran s frozen assets after 36 years showed that the US doesn t understand anything but the language of force,  said Iranian Basij Commander Brig Gen Mohammed Reza Naqdi, addressing his forces in Tehran. This money was returned for the freedom of the US spy and it was not related to the (nuclear) negotiations,  he claimed, according to state-controlled Fars News Agency.Four Americans who were held hostage by the Islamic Republic   Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, U.S. Marine Amir Hekmati, Pastor Saeed Abedini, and Nosratollah Khosrawi Roudsari (who decided to stay in Iran)   were part of the deal that included the ransom payment, along with the release of seven Iranians who were sitting in American jails on charges of thwarting international sanctions, and the delisting of 14 Iranian nationals from Interpol s Red List, which seeks international criminals for extradition.A fifth American, Matthew Trevithick, who was imprisoned by Tehran, was also released, but under the terms of a separate deal, according to reports.The U.S. State Department tells Breitbart News that the payment to Iran was  separate but simultaneous,  and not a ransom. We did not pay ransom to secure the return of these Americans. The funds that were transferred to Iran were part of a separate but simultaneous arrangement we agreed to with Iran related to the U.S.-Iran Claims Tribunal at the Hague,  a State Department spokesperson told Breitbart News late Wednesday.State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters earlier on Wednesday in Washington that no ransom was paid, rejecting the remarks of the Iranian commander. There was no bribe, there was no ransom, there was nothing paid to secure the return of these Americans who were, by the way, not spies. We ve spoken to this in the days after their release on Sunday morning in great detail about how this process worked. There was this consular channel that was opened up to secure their release,  Toner said. Via: Breitbart NewsHere is the question we posed after discovering the interesting timing of this $1.7 BILLION payment to Iran while 4 American prisoners were being simultaneously released:Was this transfer of funds to a terrorist state (via the American taxpayer), the REAL reason the prisoners  (hostages) Iran was holding were suddenly released? Did the incompetent Obama-Kerry duo use this  settlement  as a bargaining chip to make it appear as though freeing these hostages was part of the Iran nuclear deal all along? This is absolutely sickening The United States and Iran on Sunday settled a longstanding claim at the Hague, releasing to Tehran $400 million in funds frozen since 1981 plus $1.3 billion in interest, the State Department said.The funds were part of a trust fund once used by Iran to purchase military equipment from the United States but which was tied up for decades in litigation at the Iran-US Claims Tribunal.The settlement announcement was made after Tehran released five American detainees in a prisoner swap as a nuclear deal was implemented. Via: Business Insider ",0
14640,WATCH HILLARY SQUIRM When Mainstream Media Asks If She Plans To Watch “13 Hours” Movie,"Hillary was too busy to be bothered with making Benghazi a safer place for Ambassador Stevens, so it should really come as no surprise that she s too busy to watch  13 HOURS,  the true story of Benghazi. By the way, whoever told Hillary that calling the families of the four men killed in Benghazi  liars,  just as the true story of what really happened under her watch is coming out in theaters nationwide, should be fired One of the enduring mysteries of the Benghazi tragedy is why anyone ever took seriously Hillary Clinton s blaming some obscure maker of a YouTube video for the attack. That mystery, however, is dwarfed by the way the media try to pretend that Hillary s denials of that happening are anything other than bald-faced (that bald-face would be pasty white, wrinkled, and bewhiskered). In testimony elicited by the Benghazi Committee and in released emails, it has become apparent that no one ever thought the video was to blame and Clinton has, herself, attempted to claim that she never blamed the video.Now there is a new  wrinkle  to the story. Hillary told the families that the video was the cause of the attack that led to the deaths of their family members. Now she is saying they are lying.First, there is her statement when she, shamelessly, stood in the hangar at Dover AFB as the bodies of the dead men returned home:CLINTON: Many others from across the Middle East and North Africa have offered similar sentiments.This has been a difficult week for the State Department and for our country. We ve seen the heavy assault on our post in Benghazi that took the lives of those brave men. We ve seen rage and violence directed at American embassies over an awful Internet video that we had nothing to do with.Then we have the families themselves:Transcript via TownhallTyrone Woods  father (who took notes about their meeting):  I gave Hillary a hug and shook her hand. And she said we are going to have the film maker arrested who was responsible for the death of my son She said   the filmmaker who was responsible for the death of your son Sean Smith s mother:  She s absolutely lying. She told me something entirely different at the casket ceremony. She said it was because of the video. Sean Smith s uncle:  Mrs. Clinton really has a problem embracing the truth. Glen Doherty s sister:  When I think back now to that day and what she knew, it shows me a lot about her character that she would choose in that moment to basically perpetuate what she knew was untrue. On ABC s This Week, Clinton family retainer, George Stephanopoulos, revisited the issue   I have no idea why other than some misbegotten effort to  set the record straight    and got this response:https://youtu.be/jAUDS-aLGjISTEPHANOPOULOS: Did you tell them it was about the film? And what s your response?CLINTON: No. You know, look I understand the continuing grief at the loss that parents experienced with the loss of these four brave Americans. And I did testify, as you know, for 11 hours. And I answered all of these questions. Now, I can t   I can t help it the people think there has to be something else there. I said very clearly there had been a terrorist group, uh, that had taken responsibility on Facebook, um, between the time that, uh, I   you know, when I talked to my daughter, that was the latest information; we were, uh, giving it credibility. And then we learned the next day it wasn t true. In fact, they retracted it. This was a fast-moving series of events in the fog of war and I think most Americans understand that.So we have Hillary blaming the video at the arrival of the caskets. We have all four families agreeing that they were told it was a video. We have Hillary on record blaming the video in the week after the attack. And now she says it never happened.This woman is a pathological liar. The sad thing is that she could probably pass a lie detector test. Via: Red State ",0
14641,MUSLIM ASSIMILATION UPDATE: Migrants Arrested For STONING Transgender Women In GERMANY,"This is a story is for anyone who thinks these Muslim migrants are going to change their stone-age tactics because they are living at the expense of taxpayers in another country. Three young men from North Africa were arrested on Saturday in the western German city of Dortmund for stoning two transgender women.According to a report on Friday on television station SAT1.NRW, the men attacked Yasmine und Elisa, two transgender women, near the city s main train station. Within seconds we were tossed around and they took stones from a gravel bed on the corner and threw them at us,  said Elisa.A police car appeared at the train station as the stoning attack unfolded and arrested the men.The German media as a general rule do not disclose the last names of victims to protect their privacy. The three men are between 16 and 18 years-old and are known to the authorities from theft and assault arrests.Dortmund police official Kim-Ben Freigang said the suspects told the police that  such persons must be stoned. Yasmine installed a security camera at the residence where she lives with Elisa after the attacks.  That was barbaric what they did. They are barbarians,  Yasmine said.She added that she could not believe that such an act of shamelessness occurred.  In 2016, in Germany, with stoning!  According to the SATI.NRW report, Yasmine said it was the first time in 30 years she felt unsafe as a transgender woman.According to Yasmine and Elisa, the three young men propositioned them, but after they realized that Yasmine and Elisa are transgender women, they attacked them with stones.Stoning people to death is a penalty used in nine Muslim-majority countries. In November, a criminal court in Iran s northern province of Gilan sentenced a woman to be executed by stoning for alleged complicity in the murder of her husband, Arash Babaieepour Tabrizinejad. Via: Jerusalem Post",0
14642,"MEET CLASSY “F*ck the police, F*ck the NRA, F*ck the law” Professor Who Met With Obama After Speech","What a nice role model for young Americans who hope to someday grow up to be a Saul Alinsky radical just like Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoero. Don t you think America is owed an explanation as to why this scumbag was able to meet with Obama following his speech a couple days ago in Omaha? A University of Nebraska-Omaha university professor who used a December 28 Facebook tirade to say  F**k the law,   F**k police,  and  F**k the NRA  was allowed to meet President Obama after his January 13 speech in Omaha.The professor s name is Amanda Gailey. She is also the director of Nebraskans Against Gun Violence.Here is Gailey s Facebook rant in it s entirety:F**k the society that has allowed itself to become so saturated in guns that it s plausible a child might have one at a park. F**k the laws that allow toy makers to make toys that look like real guns and that allow gun makers to make guns that look like toys. F**k racists who think black children look like adults. F**k a legal and police system that allows grown white men to pose with sniper rifles on a university campus or in a grocery store and allows insurrectionists to train guns on government agents with no consequences but sounds the alarms when a black child is carrying a toy gun. F**k police officers who undertook a job that carries inherent risk but think any perceived threat to them whatsoever justifies instantaneous lethal force. F**k police officers who pull up as close as possible to an alleged threat so that they can execute the person as quickly as possible without assessing the situation first. F**k prosecutors who can indict a ham sandwich but can t indict a cop who executed a child. And f**k the NRA for greasing this machine every fucking day with the blood of American children.On January 14 weeks after the original post was put up Gailey put up another post in which she attempted to explain that her criticism of police was limited to  bad-apple officers,  not good ones. And she was specifically outraged by the fact that the no charges were filed against officers who shot 195 pound, 12-year-old Tamir Rice after a 911 dispatcher told officers  a young man [was] playing with a weapon and pointing it at people outside of a local recreation center. Gailey wrote:I did write a Facebook post that expressed my outrage at the police shooting of a 12-year-old child and the failure to indict the bad-apple police officers involved. My criticism of the police was limited to those officers who engage in that kind of policing, which I believe is clear in my post. I did not malign the police in general, nor did I want to, because I respect the many good officers who serve our communities and have even helped me in the past. I know that most police officers are doing hard work in hard conditions, and they are in the front lines of a society saturated in guns, facing threats that police in our peer nations do not. They are key players in our struggle for safe and fair communities.This is Gailey s explanation for  F**k the police  as well as  F**k the society,   F**k the laws,  and  F**k the NRA,  among other things.  Via: Breitbart NewsHere is a screen shot of her Facebook rant: ",0
14643,MARKET CRASH! Obama’s Speech 3 Days Ago: “Anyone claiming that America’s economy is in decline is lying” [VIDEO],"1.5 TRILLION Net Wealth Lost In 15 Days!It s never about America, when it comes to this fraud.  It s not about telling the truth about our economy or about the accepting responsibility for 93.8 million unemployed Americans. It s only about this egomaniac and his false legacy The stock market route is starting to get really expensive   destroying $2.3 trillion from the market s top last year and $1.5 trillion in net wealth just this year.The giant companies that predominantly populate the Standard & Poor s 500 have fallen an average of 9.2% this year   which when translated into dollars   is real money. Real big money. The S&P 500 is down 8.1% this year already   including another 2.3% Friday   in what s been one of the worst starts to a year ever. Since the market peak on May 21, 2015, the market has declined 11.9%.Here s our Liar In Chief, who s clearly more concerned about his legacy than the actual truth:Latest on markets:The biggest wealth destroyers in the S&P 500 from the high have been gadget maker Apple (AAPL), pipeline company Kinder Morgan (KMI) and corporate software company Oracle (ORCL)   crushing $224 billion, $63 billion and $49.6 billion in market value, respectively, from the May 21, 2015 top.S&P 500 STOCKS THAT DESTROYED THE MOST SHAREHOLDER WEALTH FROM THE MAY 21, 2015 TOPCompany, Symbol, % lost from high, $ market value erased from the high ($ billions)Apple, AAPL, -26.9%, -$224.4Kinder Morgan, KMI, -69.5%, -$63.5Berkshire Hathaway, BRKA, -22.7%, -$49.6Wal-Mart Stores, WMT, -13.3%, -$47.5Qualcomm, QCOM, -18.3%, -$46.4Source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAYThis year, most of the money is being shredded by the giant companies that many U.S. investors loaded up on during the bull including gadget maker Apple, online retailer Amazon.com (AMZN) and online advertising firm Alphabet (GOOGL).When it comes to destroying market value, Apple is in a class of its own. The company has erased a staggering $51.1 billion in investor wealth this year following its 8.8% decline this year to $96 a share. More than $200 billion in market value has been erased by just this one stock from the market high   which is more than a vast majority of big companies are worth.Red hot retailer Amazon is down a whopping 16% this year   after more than doubling in value in 2015. That means investors in Amazon are down $49 billion this year.Google s parent Alphabet is also taking the shredder to investors  money   falling 8.6% this year to $46.2 billion.When you see how much money is being erased by the biggest companies   you can see why this sell-off is getting uncomfortable   and expensive.Nothing s changed in the past 6 years. He s still lying. Too bad our friend, Rep. Joe Wilson (R-SC) wasn t available for comment at this year s SOTU.S&P 500 STOCKS THAT DESTROYED THE MOST SHAREHOLDER WEALTH THIS YEARCompany, Symbol, % lost YTD, $ market value erased YTD ($ billions)Apple, AAPL, -8.8%, -$51.1Amazon.com, AMZN, -15.6%, -$49.3Alphabet, GOOGL, -8.6%, -$46.2Microsoft, MSFT, -7.8%, -$34.4JPMorgan Chase, JPM, -13.4%, -$32.7Facebook, FB, -9.9%, -$29.4Wells Fargo, WFC, -9.9%, -$27.5Citigroup, C, -17.4%, -$26.9General Electric, GE, -8.4%, -$24.6Bank of America, BAC, -14%, -$24.5Intel, INTC, -14%, -$24.5Cisco Systems, CSCO, -11.8%, -$16.2Home Depot, HD, -9.3%, -$15.6Source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY",0
14644,CAUGHT ON TAPE: RNC Committeeman Urges Republicans To Rally Against Trump [Video],"Is the Republican establishment is in panic mode over Trump s staying power in nationwide GOP polls? Instead of sitting around gnashing their teeth, perhaps they should let the voters decide you know,try something new and actually listen to the American people  Your thoughts?A Republican National committeeman delivered a call-to-arms against Donald Trump during a closed-door GOP meeting on Thursday, urging his colleagues to take a forceful stand against those who he said are destroying the party s brand.At a breakfast at the RNC winter meeting, Holland Redfield, an RNC committeeman who represents the minority-rich Virgin Islands, rose to address party Chairman Reince Priebus. In the five-minute impromptu speech, a video recording of which Redfield provided to POLITICO, Redfield did not explicitly mention Trump s name. But he made clear that angry voices in the party pose a grave threat to the GOP s future, and expressed alarm at what he described as crushing pressure to play nice. You can argue with me, but we re almost terrorized as members of our party.  Shut up. Toe the line, embrace each other, and let s go forward.  I understand that. But there is a limit to loyalty. I am loyal to this party by speaking out on these very issues,  he said at the private breakfast meeting.At one point, Redfield essentially argued that those in the room have been held hostage by Trump s threat to run as a third-party candidate if the party hierarchy treats him unfairly. Read more: Politico",0
14645,2 MILLION HITS IN 2 DAYS: See Why Trump’s “USA Freedom Kids” Are A YUGE Viral Hit! [VIDEO],"The lyrics seem to have been inspired by Donald s  Trumpisms.  These are not your typical little beauty pageant girls. These girls are rockin  liberty and Trump s fans can t get enough of them!Watch, and you ll see why this video has already received over 2 million hits in 2 days:",0
14646,BREAKING: Obama Administration To Expand Number Of Refugees Brought To America,"So basically the Obama administration is making it easier for Central American illegals to come to America without just sneaking in. John Kerry and Obama should be called out on this effort to totally flood America with Central Americans and Muslims. YOU ARE PAYING FOR THIS! I cannot stress enough how bad this is for America. Entire towns have been broken with the influx of  refugees . Now, by expanding the definition of refugee to include the illegal aliens from Central America, we re going to be INCREASING  the number on the dole to nearly 100,000. PLEASE make the effort to contact ANY or ALL of your elected officials to raise heck about this. WE CANNOT AFFORD THIS!The United States will increase the number of refu gees it admits to allow in more people fleeing violence in Central America, Secretary of State John F. Kerry said Wednesday.In a speech at the National Defense University, Kerry said the expansion of the Refugee Admissions Program will be directed toward people from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, to  offer them a safe and legal alternative to the dangerous journey many are currently tempted to begin, making them easy prey for human smugglers who have no interest but their own profits. The United States already plans to admit 85,000 refugees from around the world in the fiscal year that began in October, but only 3,000 spaces are set aside for Central Americans. The total allotment is 15,000 more refugees than in the previous year and includes 10,000 Syrians referred by the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees under a special vetting process that typically takes 18 to 24 months. The ceiling for refugees is even higher for 2017, when it will rise to 100,000.Kerry did not say how many more Central American refugees would be admitted and when the expansion would take effect.The State Department said refugees will be selected for resettlement in the United States in collaboration with the UNHCR and a number of nongovernmental agencies it works with to orient and relocate new refugees around the country. Among those who will be considered in need of refu gee protection are people targeted by criminal gangs, human rights defenders and  those who may be at imminent risk of harm. Since the Syrian crisis began with peaceful anti-government protests in 2011, the United States has donated more than $4.5 billion in humanitarian aid related to Syrians alone. Most has gone directly to help shelter, feed and clothe refugees, but some has helped governments in neighboring countries that are burdened with massive numbers of refugees. Officials say that helping refugees near the countries they have fled will prevent them from going to other countries, as has happened in Europe when humanitarian aid to Syrians dried up.Read more: WaPo",0
14647,"THEY KNEW! Federal Government Knew Flint, MI Water Was POISONED, Kept It Hidden…10 Have Already Died","This story is for anyone who believes the government is capable of basic addition. Even though this news is out there for everyone to see, the Left continues to use this crisis as an opportunity to try to pin the gross negligence of the EPA on the Republican Governor of Michigan. Flint, MI is a Democrat ruled, crime ridden, poverty stricken hell-hole. Stay tuned for the  environmental injustice  narrative Obama will soon be pushing. He s just waiting for the right time to demand federal funds be funneled into Democrat ruled, failing cities across America you know, to prevent further environmental crises. We all know #BlackLivesMatter would have already been there if someone was able to pin this on the rich, white Republican Governor of MI The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s top Midwest official said her department knew as early as April about the lack of corrosion controls in Flint s water supply   a situation that likely put residents at risk for lead contamination   but said her hands were tied in bringing the information to the public.Starting with inquiries made in February, the federal agency battled Michigan s Department of Environmental Quality behind the scenes for at least six months over whether Flint needed to use chemical treatments to keep lead lines and plumbing connections from leaching into drinking water. The EPA did not publicize its concern that Flint residents  health was jeopardized by the state s insistence that such controls were not required by law.Instead of moving quickly to verify the concerns or take preventative measures, federal officials opted to prod the DEQ to act, EPA Region 5 Administrator Susan Hedman told The Detroit News this week. Hedman said she sought a legal opinion on whether the EPA could force action, but it wasn t completed until November.The state didn t agree to apply corrosion controls until late July and didn t publicly concede until October that it erroneously applied the federal Lead and Copper Rule overseeing water quality.An EPA water expert, Miguel Del Toral, identified potential problems with Flint s drinking water in February, confirmed the suspicions in April and summarized the looming problem in a June internal memo. The state decided in October to change Flint s drinking water source from the corrosive Flint River back to the Detroit water system.Critics have charged Hedman with attempting to keep the memo s information in-house and downplaying its significance.As soon as the lack of corrosion controls became apparent, state and federal officials should have acted to protect the public, said Virginia Tech researcher Marc Edwards, whose water analysis in 2015 helped uncover Flint s lead contamination. At that point, you do not just have smoke, you have a three-alarm fire and should respond immediately,  said Edwards, who, along with the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan, has obtained dozens of key documents related to Flint s crisis through public record requests.  There was no sense of urgency at any of the relevant agencies, with the obvious exception of Miguel Del Toral, and he was silenced and discredited. About five months after being alerted to the lack of corrosion controls, a researcher at Hurley Medical Center in Flint began in August detecting high levels of lead in the bloodwork of city children. Lead poisoning can cause learning disabilities and, at high levels, may lead to seizures, coma and death, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.Hedman defended her agency s handling of the Flint water situation, saying her water quality staff repeatedly worked to convince the DEQ that corrosion controls were needed   to no avail. Let s be clear, the recommendation to DEQ (regarding the need for corrosion controls) occurred at higher and higher levels during this time period,  Hedman said in a Detroit News interview.  And the answer kept coming back from DEQ that  no, we are not going to make a decision until after we see more testing results.   Michigan Governor Rick Snyder announced yesterday that 10 people have died from Legionnaire s disease in Flint, Mich. Eighty-seven cases of Legionnaire s disease have been found in and around Flint in the past 18 months.Flint s long-running water problems with drinking water have shaken Michigan s government, leading to last month s resignation of DEQ Director Dan Wyant and last week s state declaration of an emergency in the city. An independent task force appointed by Gov. Rick Snyder to review the situation placed the bulk of the blame for Flint s crisis on the DEQ.The federal government s actions are worth exploring, said Chris Kolb, co-chairman of the task force. We have made a request to speak with a number of EPA employees,  said Kolb, president of the Michigan Environmental Council and a former Democratic state representative.Flint s water crisis gained a national profile in the past week, as President Barack Obama s chief of staff said Sunday the White House is  very concerned  and is monitoring the situation  very closely.  Former Obama Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a Democratic presidential hopeful, called on the administration Tuesday to  step up  with assistance for Flint as well as do an  expedited review  of the city s water infrastructure.DEQ-EPA battleDEQ and EPA staffers were at loggerheads over dueling interpretations of the Lead and Copper Rule   a 25-year-old regulation designed to protect drinking water from metals contamination. The interpretation of the rule proved to be crucial after the city   under Snyder-appointed emergency managers   switched from Lake Huron water provided by the Detroit system to Flint River water as a cost-saving move in the spring of 2014.Following the switch, DEQ officials argued water testing, including two six-month periods of sampling, needed to be completed before making a decision on the need for corrosion controls. EPA officials, according to Hedman, wanted the controls implemented immediately out of concern for public health.If they knew Flint s lack of corrosion measures would likely result in lead reaching the drinking water   by June, testing would show it had   why didn t EPA officials inform the public when the DEQ failed to act?Hedman said federal law clearly lays out the state and federal responsibilities in overseeing safe drinking water. The EPA s role is to establish treatment standards and monitoring techniques, and provide technical assistance, she said. The state acts as the primary regulator of water operations. It is important to understand the clear roles here,  Hedman said.  Communication about lead in drinking water and the health impacts associated with that, that s the role of DHHS, the county health department and the drinking water utility. In addition, EPA officials argue that there wasn t sufficient early evidence for any sweeping steps to be taken.Hedman said the EPA talked with its legal counsel about its authority to compel action   a question that wouldn t be straightened out for months. In the interim, she said her agency urged Michigan to have its Department of Health and Human Services provide information on precautions for residents.EPA s lack of urgencyBut critics such as Edwards contend Hedman acted with no urgency, even behind the scenes. A week after the June 24 memo was circulated, an email exchange between Hedman and then-Flint Mayor Dayne Walling showed no sense of alarm over the threat to public health and more concern about procedure. The preliminary draft report should not have been released outside the agency,  Hedman wrote in the July 1 email.  When the report has been revised and fully vetted by EPA management, the findings and recommendations will be shared with the city and DEQ will be responsible for following up with the city. The revised and vetted memo was released four months later   in November. Edwards has described Del Toral s original memo as  100 percent accurate  in its assessment of the looming problem.Flint s drinking water ills led to the resignations last month of both Wyant and DEQ spokesman Brad Wurfel. It also caused the October reassignment of Liane Shekter Smith, then chief of DEQ s Office of Drinking Water and Municipal Assistance. The crisis prompted Snyder to switch Flint back over to the Detroit water system in mid-October until a new regional water authority using Lake Huron as its source is completed later this year.Despite all of the moves, officials warn that unfiltered Flint water is still not safe to drink.There has been no fallout for federal environmental officials. There s been a failure at all levels to accurately assess the scale of the public health crisis in Flint, and that problem is ongoing,  said state Senate Minority Leader Jim Ananich, D-Flint.  However, the EPA s Miguel Del Toral did excellent work in trying to expose this disaster. Anyone who read his memo and failed to act should be held accountable to the fullest extent of the law. Congressman Dan Kildee, D-Flint Township, stressed that the lion s share of responsibility for Flint s situation lies with the state DEQ.Yet he has questions about how the Lead and Copper Rule   ostensibly a safeguard for the public   may have contributed to EPA s response. If changes are necessary, he wants them made. There is a legitimate concern about EPA s performance in terms of alerting the public,  Kildee said.  And frankly, as a member of Congress, I want to know when there s the potential of a health crisis in my district.   Via: The Detroit News",0
14648,BOOM! Danish Government Considers Seizing Migrant’s Valuables To Pay For Benefits,"Is the European gravy train finally coming to an end?The Danish parliament is considering a bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their benefits.The leftists are very upset about this commonsense legislation. Daily Sabah reported:A controversial Danish bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their stay in asylum centers looks set to pass in parliament after the government on Tuesday secured a parliamentary majority.Parliament was set to begin a series of debates on the bill yesterday, ahead of a vote on Jan. 26. Faced with a storm of criticism, Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen, whose right-wing Venstre party is behind the plan, called it  the most misunderstood bill in Denmark s history. His minority government and its right-wing allies, the far-right Danish People s Party (DPP), the Liberal Alliance and the Conservative People s Party, reached an agreement on the bill on Tuesday with the opposition Social Democrats, meaning it is now supported by a majority of parties in parliament.The amended bill would allow Danish authorities to seize migrants  cash exceeding 10,000 kroner ($1,450), as well as any individual items valued at more than 10,000 kroner.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14649,HARD CORE: Ten GITMO Detainees Released To Oman,"Ten more hard core prisoners from GITMO have been released only to go to Oman where they ll probably continue their terrorist ways. The recidivism rate for former detainees is pretty high so we can only assume The Obama administration on Thursday quietly transferred 10 Yemeni detainees from the prison at Guantanamo Bay to neighboring Oman   so quietly, in fact, that the news was first reported by state-run Middle East news agencies. And once the news got to Capitol Hill, it set off alarm bells given the host country s proximity to Al Qaeda s most active branch.The transfer is the largest batch of detainees shipped out of the Cuba prison camp so far this year. It is part of a wave of transfers as the administration steps up efforts to shrink the prison population, with the ultimate goal of closing the facility despite congressional resistance.Fox News reported earlier this week that the 10 detainees were slated for transfer, but the destination at the time was not known. The state-run Oman News Agency published a brief statement Thursday morning saying the detainees had arrived in Oman. Read more: FOX News",0
14650,IS GOP ESTABLISHMENT Responsible For Pro-Amnesty Spanish Version Of Nikki Haley’s GOP Response To Obama’s SOTU? [Video],"This is a very big development. We all knew the GOP establishment has been pandering to pro-amnesty corporations and the Chamber of Commerce, but this is a new low, even for the GOP establishment There is a bigger controversy about to break wide-open that s potentially far more significant than Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell approving Nikki Haley s non-subtle attack on GOP frontrunner Donald Trump. That bigger controversy is the Spanish version of the GOP State of the Union rebuttal containing an  amnesty pledge .As this is written, Governor Nikki Haley is trying to get out ahead of the building expose . Haley just gave a DC press conference claiming she does not support  amnesty ; however, against her earlier admission of Speaker Ryan and Leader McConnell approving her script   the Spanish version must have held similar approvals.Governor Haley gave the English version, Miami Representative and party-insider Mario Diaz-Barlat delivered it in Spanish.ENGLISH:SPANISH:Here s a (paragraph by paragraph) comparison as translated by the Miami Herald (emphasis mine):  English (Via Haley): No one who is willing to work hard, abide by our laws, and love our traditions should ever feel unwelcome in this country.Spanish (Via Diaz-Barlat): No one who is willing to work hard, abide by our laws, and love the United States should ever feel unwelcome in this country. It s not who we are.  English: At the same time, that does not mean we just flat out open our borders. We can t do that. We cannot continue to allow immigrants to come here illegally. And in this age of terrorism, we must not let in refugees whose intentions cannot be determined.Spanish: At the same time, it s obvious that our immigration system needs to be reformed. The current system puts our national security at risk and is an obstacle for our economy.  English: We must fix our broken immigration system. That means stopping illegal immigration. And it means welcoming properly vetted legal immigrants, regardless of their race or religion. Just like we have for centuries.Spanish: It s essential that we find a legislative solution to protect our nation, defend our borders, offer a permanent and human solution to those who live in the shadows, respect the rule of law, modernize the visa system and push the economy forward.  English: I have no doubt that if we act with proper focus, we can protect our borders, our sovereignty and our citizens, all while remaining true to America s noblest legacies.Spanish: I have no doubt that if we work together, we can achieve this and continue to be faithful to the noblest legacies of the United States.It is important to remember the backdrop to this current dual narrative (one the GOPe leadership want to say publicly and one they wish to keep hidden).Back in June 2014 Speaker John Boehner was only two days away from calling up the vote on the Senate  gang-of-eight  amnesty bill, when House Majority Leader Eric Cantor was defeated in the Virginia Primary.Mario Diaz Balart along with Paul Ryan and Luis V. Gutierrez were in secret negotiations throughout the spring/summer of 2014 planning the pathway for comprehensive immigration reform. John Boehner asked Kevin McCarthy to  whip the house  and identify if they had votes for passage:[ ] On Tuesday June 10th Speaker Boehner, Eric Cantor (Majority Leader) and Kevin McCarthy (Majority Whip) had lunch together discussing timing the vote Thursday night or Friday Morning.However, later that same night the results from the 2014 Virginia primary showed an unknown conservative outsider, Dave Brat, had defeated (primaried) Eric Cantor. At 7:00pm Tuesday night the first word went out that Cantor had lost.~ Full Back StorySo this hidden narrative within the 2016 Republican State of the Union Rebuttal should come as no surprise. Comprehensive Immigration Reform is the GOPe agenda they continue to hide from the electorate.Via: Conservative Treehouse",0
14651,THIS INTERNATIONAL COMPANY Is Luring Refugees And Illegals To America…Do You Buy Meat From Them?,"Are you tired of supporting companies who are couldn t care less about the future of this nation? Are you tired of giving jobs to people who break laws to enter our country or who are being vetted by the UN and coming here through a State Department sponsored program on our dime? Then take a stand and STOP supporting them! When I saw the article at the Wall Street Journal this morning that gushes about how wonderful it is that the International Rescue Committee is giving out loans to refugees to start businesses, but goes on to talk about the industries in need of cheap immigrant labor, I wanted to scream.Four meat giants are changing the face of rural America, Cargill is one of those. It is all about cheap labor! It is all about money!Meet globalist and CEO of Cargill, David MacLennan, in Davos. One of the key players in changing rural towns in America by working with the US State Department and refugee contractors to bring in large numbers of Somali workers.Today we posted about how Amarillo, TX is under enormous social and economic tension. It is Cargill that was originally responsible for overloading (with the help of UN/US State Department refugee resettlement contractors) that city.Last week it was Cargill caving to CAIR demands in a dispute about prayer break times at their plant in Ft. Morgan, CO.One of the most important features of this new blog  American Resistance 2016! is to showcase the enemy. I want those responsible for mass migration to America to become household names! Here is a list of the products you will find on Cargill s website: Swift Pork productsList of Beef productsList of Chicken productsList of additional FOOD productsHere is a map showing Cargill s facilities across North America:And, for your work in Election 2016, I want you all to identify which of your elected officials are in the pockets of BIG MEAT! and expose them!Refugee resettlement is not about  humanitarianism!  It is about globalists and greedy industries wanting to improve their bottom lines the social and economic condition of your towns and cities be damned! Via: Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
14652,"OBAMA GIVES UN Authority To Vet 9,000 “Refugees” From Latin America To U.S.","As Obama begins his campaign for UN General Secretary on the US taxpayer s dime, keep a close eye on the many responsibilities of our federal government he ll be ceding to a corrupt body of human rights violators and political whores. Remember when people used to laugh at Americans who talked about a  one world order?   It s not so funny anymore, is it? The Obama administration is turning to the United Nations to help screen migrants fleeing violence in Central America, senior administration officials said Tuesday, and to help set up processing centers in several Latin American countries in the hopes of stemming a flood of families crossing the southern border illegally.Designed to head off migrants from three violence-torn countries in the region before they start traveling to the United States, the new refugee resettlement program will be announced by Secretary of State John Kerry on Wednesday in Washington. Under the plan, the United Nations refugee agency will work with the United States to set up processing centers in several nearby countries, where migrants would be temporarily out of danger.As it does in other places, the United Nations will determine if the migrants could be eligible for refugee status. The administration officials said thousands   perhaps as many as 9,000   migrants each year from the three countries, El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, could eventually settle in the United States. But some refugees would also be sent to other countries in the hemisphere, officials said.For entire story: NYT",0
14653,DID IRAN RELEASE This Footage Of Captured U.S. Sailor Apologizing To Humiliate America?,"And what about the female sailor in the headscarf? What was that all about? Do all the female hostages of Iranian Revolutionary Guard have to wear headscarfs so as not to offend them? This whole capture of the Navy boats and the hostage taking of our U.S. Sailors just wreaks of something that s been in the workings and was not as spontaneous as Obama s spokes liar would have us believe Iranian state-controlled news outlet Tasnim released video Wednesday afternoon that shows a U.S. sailor apologizing for purportedly infringing upon Tehran s sovereignty.Pictures published by #Iran state TV from the moment #US marine were arrested. pic.twitter.com/bcEKaJGPb9  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016Pictures published by #Iran state TV from the moment #US marine were arrested. pic.twitter.com/YQakdKmqi3  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016On Tuesday, Iran seized two U.S. naval boats, arguing they illegally entered Iran s territorial waters. The Pentagon said they encountered mechanical troubles, forcing their boats to go off course.First footage from the moment when #US sailors were captured by #Iran's #IRGC. #Marines pic.twitter.com/7BeJLlGfNn  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016Part 2: First footage from the moment when #US sailors were captured by #Iran's #IRGC.#marines pic.twitter.com/vFyto44oGD  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016Footage of #US marines having Iranian #food while they were held in #Iran.#marines#navy#Pentagon pic.twitter.com/mtk2J0Yef9  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016 It was a mistake, it was our fault, and we apologize for our mistake,  an unidentified sailor told the Iranian interviewer, who then asked him if his GPS system penetrated Iran.  I believe so,  he responded.#Iran state TV showed a footage in which the commander of #US sailors made an apology.#navy#Pentagon pic.twitter.com/VCdjEZiY54  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016In another segment of the interview, the sailor held by the Iranians is asked,  How was the Iranian behavior with you?  He responds,  The Iranian behavior was fantastic while we were here. We thank you very much for your hospitality and your assistance. Did you have special problem  with us, the interviewer asked.  We have no problem, sir,  the U.S. sailor responded.Video: One of #US sailors says Iranians behavior with them was ""fantastic"" & they had no problem. #Iran pic.twitter.com/vgVlrkzdvh  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016What do you think? Does anyone else believe this was a test run for something more serious?Via: Breitbart News",0
14654,AWESOME! TED TURNER JR Hammers Commie Loving Hillary And Bernie [Video],I saw this live on Cavuto and it s just so great! Ted Turner jr. is stumping for Ben Carson. You ll love this! ,0
14655,‘THE DUCK MAN’ Has Spoken: DUCK DYNASTY’S Patriarch Announces His Choice For President In This Great Video,"Don t underestimate the value of securing the Christian vote in this election. The Robertson family endorsement goes a long way towards that goal The patriarch of the Robertson Family, famous for their TV reality show Duck Dynasty, has a lot of sway with his viewers. He has a list of criteria he used to determine who he would endorse for the next President of the United States.Here is the list:First question:  Is he or she Godly? Second question:  Does he or she love us? Third question:  Can he or she do the job? Final question:  Would they kill a duck and put him in a pot and make him a good duck gumbo? I ve looked at the candidates, Ted Cruz fits the bill. Ted Cruz is my man, I m voting for him.   ",0
14656,MIGRANTS BRUTALLY GANG RAPE 3 YR OLD BOY At Asylum Center In Norway,"The world is stunned by the number of women and children who are being raped by Muslim  refugees  in Europe. Obama just announced today, that he would  aggressively defend  plans to accept  refugees  from Muslim majority nations. He even went so far as to say he would actually increase the number of refugees the US accepts overall this year A three-year-old migrant has allegedly been raped by multiple people at an asylum centre in the Norwegian city of Stavanger.Police are investigating the incident amid claims the boy was abused in the shared common area of the asylum centre, possibly within view of many people. We have no suspects yet,  police superintendent Bj rn K re Dahl told local paper Stavanger Aftenblad.  We are investigating the case as if the worst thing has happened and that we are talking about the rape of a child. He did not rule out that there may be several perpetrators:  We will investigate further to find out what happened. If it is what we fear   a rape   then this is very serious. But we do not know for certain yet. The Local reports the boy has been taken to a rape crisis centre along with his mother and is now at the children s ward in Stavanger Hospital. He has been questioned by authorities along with several others. We also had crime technicians on the site. Material was sent to the Norwegian Institute of Public Health for analysis. There, they will look for DNA among other things,  Mr Dahl added. We had many people at work, both sanitation workers and security guards, but nobody saw anything. But we immediately took the case to the police, as is the routine, and they came out. We have had a good dialogue with them throughout. A spokesman for the asylum centre said they received a phone call about the incident last Wednesday, but did not want to go into details about the conversation. We had many people at work, both sanitation workers and security guards, but nobody saw anything. But we immediately took the case to the police, as is the routine, and they came out. We have had a good dialogue with them throughout,  the spokesman added.There are around 800 migrants at the asylum centre, including men, women and children. The boy was reportedly at the centre with his family. Via: Breitbart London",0
14657,OBAMA READY TO DO BATTLE With America: Will “aggressively defend” Bringing Muslim Refugees To U.S.,"Thanks to the funding our GOP majority Congress approved at the end of the year, Obama plans to actually increase the number of refugees (Muslims) he will bring to the US. To hell with our national security. It s all about the votes White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough on Wednesday said that the Obama administration is prepared to  aggressively defend  the United States  plans to accept refugees from Syria as some American lawmakers demand that the government apply stricter background checks to refugees from Syria and Iraq.When asked at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast in Washington, D.C. how the administration will address some lawmakers  calls for the government to apply greater scrutiny to certain refugees entering the country, McDonough said that the administration sees the resettlement of Syrian refugees as a priority and also as a policy it will have to defend. My hunch is that it will continue to be controversial, for the reasons the President pointed out in the speech last night,  McDonough said.He said that the administration will continue to make the point that accepting refugees adds  immeasurably to the national interest  and is prepared to put up a fight against those who oppose current policies. We re going to get out there and aggressively defend that,  he said. That will be tough to beat, as it was last year,  McDonough said of the administration s focus on accepting refugees.  And we ll see how it goes. But we won t shy from it. The chief of staff also said that the administration plans to expand the number of refugees the U.S. accepts overall and that he believes the budget passed by Congress allows them to do so.Via: TPM",0
14658,IRAN Announces Reason For Arresting US Sailors…They Were Teaching Congress A Lesson?,"Of course, our Secretary of State has everything under control. It is being reported, that John Kerry has already apologized to Iran. Obama s total avoidance of this issue during his SOTU speech speaks volumes about how these jack-holes handle a military crisis with terror states It almost makes one wonder if this was Obama s idea? Congress has been standing in the way of his  progress  with Iran for some time now (even some in his own party). And we all know by now, there is really nothing Barack Obama will stop at to get his way Iran s army chief said on Wednesday the seizure of two U.S. navy boats and their 10 sailors should be a lesson to members the U.S. Congress trying to impose new sanctions on Tehran. This incident in the Persian Gulf, which probably will not be the American forces  last mistake in the region, should be a lesson to troublemakers in the U.S. Congress,  Major General Hassan Firouzabadi, head of Iran s armed forces, was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency. Via: Yahoo NewsAli Fadavi, commander of the IRGC Navy, said that Tehran had missiles locked on the United States at the time of the incident. They were in sight of our missiles,  Fadavi said in Persian, according to a statement carried by the IRGC s official news outlet.  If this had happened, it would have led to their annihilation. We had high preparedness with coast-to-sea missiles, rocket-firing fast boats, and various capabilities,  he said.  We prevented their additional irresponsible movement with the statements we broadcasted internationally. It was proven to them that the IRGC Navy has the first and final word. The U.S. cannot stand up to Iran, according to Fadavi. The result of that battle is the annihilation and sinking of their battleships,  he said.  This is while in those 40 minutes [when the U.S. sailors were apprehended], it was clear that Americans were under psychological pressure, to the extent that they did not behave in a manner expected from a professional and responsible force. The Obama administration denied that an apology was offered to Iran. Vice President Joe Biden told CBS that  there was no looking for any apology. When you have a problem with the boat, [do] you apologize the boat had a problem? No,  Biden said.  And there was no looking for any apology. This was just standard nautical practice. Iran  realized [the sailors] were there in distress and said they would release them, and released them like ordinary nations would do,  Biden said.State Department Spokesman John Kirby also issued a denial on Twitter. ",0
14659,YOU WON’T BELIEVE Why Students In Communist Wisconsin Are No Longer Allowed To Chant “U.S.A.” At Sporting Events [VIDEO],"This is out of control! Is there anything more un-American than telling high school students they aren t allowed to cheer  U.S.A.!  at a sporting event because they may OFFEND someone from another nation?PLEASE CALL the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association in Stevens Point, WI  Phone (715) 344-8580 Let them know how you feel about their decision to prevent students from chanting  USA!  in the United States Of America!The wussification of Wisconsin has begun.Last month the state s governing body for high school athletics declared that chanting  U-S-A, U-S-A,  is unsportsmanlike behavior.The Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association also directed schools to stop fans from booing, or chanting  Air Ball,   Season s Over,   Fundamentals,   Scoreboard,  and  Over-Rated. Any action directed at opposing teams or their spectators with the intent to taunt, disrespect, distract or entice an unsporting behavior in response is not acceptable sportsmanship,  the WIAA wrote in an email obtained by the Post-Crescent.  Student groups, school administrators and event managers should take immediate steps to correct this unsporting behavior. I should point out that a spokesman for the WIAA told television station WISC that the sportsmanship guidelines are a point of reference and  not a requirement. It s up to each school or district to create their own sportsmanship conduct policies and enforcing them with appropriate consequences,  the spokesman told the television station. Wisconsin s football stadiums, basketball arenas and wrestling mats have become safe spaces for the perpetually-offended generation.Vince Lombardi must be rolling over in his grave.Oh, you should see the 40-page sportsmanship manual complied by the fragile snowflakes at the WIAA.Take, for example, the section that frowns on  booing of any kind. If errors in judgment is (sic) made, all are human and we must accept that. Individuals do the best to execute in a way they ve been trained,  the WIAA wrote.They also took issue with the  Na Na Na Na   Hey Hey Hey Goodbye  song. They called it  taunting and disrespectful. The WIAA found the  U-S-A  chant to be problematic, too   along with  any acronym of derogatory language or innuendo. Their guidelines became national news after a high school basketball player got in trouble for posting a profane message about the sportsmanship rules on her Twitter account.April Gehl, an honor s student and basketball standout at Hilbert High School, suggested the WIAA should (let me put this delicately) eat excrement.Based on national media coverage, her opinion was shared by many. Nevertheless, April was suspended for five games. Her family does not plan on appealing the decision.Paul Ackley is the athletic director at McFarland High School. He told WISC that he supports the recommendations. If a kid gets an answer wrong on the white board, they re not going to start chanting,  You can t do that,  he said.  This is not Division I athletics. This is an extension of the classroom and it s education-based. What in the name of Bear Bryant is going on Wisconsin?Granted, you don t want the children hollering out profanities and running around the gym buck-naked. But, these guidelines are not so much about sportsmanship as they are about political correctness.We re talking about high school basketball. It s not a croquet match. Via: FOX News",0
14660,TOP TEN LIES From Obama’s State Of The Union Speech,"Obama promised to keep his SOTU speech short but he couldn t even keep that promise. For anyone who watched it, it went on and on It was full of fairy tales about pretty much everything. So what s new, right? Obama s been able to lie his way through his entire presidency so why not in his last SOTU speech. We think this list of lies by Joel Pollack of Breitbart News is pretty dead on:1.  We ve done all this while cutting our deficits by almost three-quarters. This is pure fiction. Obama has doubled the national debt, and it s not because he cut the deficit. Rather, he spent staggering amounts of money in his first months in office which he assigns, dishonestly, to the previous fiscal year, under George W. Bush. He  cut  (i.e. spent more gradually) from that spending, but only under protest, after Republicans took the House in 2010.2.  Anyone claiming that America s economy is in decline is peddling fiction. With that line, Obama took a shot at his would-be Democratic successors, as well as his Republican critics. But the truth is that despite the slow recovery the slowest since World War II labor force participation is the lowest it has been in decades. Wages are stagnant, household incomes still have not recovered from the recession, and young people see ableak future.3.  That s what the Affordable Care Act is all about. It s about filling the gaps in employer-based care so that when we lose a job, or go back to school, or start that new business, we ll still have coverage. That is a cruel joke, given that Obamacare canceled insurance coverage for millions of Americans who did not change jobs. It also raised deductibles and premiums so high that many insurance companies are leaving the Obama exchanges totally.4.  Food Stamp recipients didn t cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did.  Actually, food stamp recipients, metaphorically speaking, were indirectly responsible as well as Wall Street sharks. Obama leaves out the government s role, under the Community Reinvestment Act, in pushing mortgages on people who could not afford them, and in backing the derivatives based on those mortgages that ultimately burst the whole bubble.5.  We ve protected an open internet . Obama s policy of Net Neutrality has turned Internet service providers into public utilities under an ancient regulatory regime. The result has been a sharp decline in broadband investment and a much less free and open system. In addition, the Obama administration is rushing to shift control of ICANN to the international community, which will ensure that the Internet is less free, and subject to overseas censorship.6.  Seven years ago, we made the single biggest investment in clean energy in our history. Here are the results.  It is laughable that Obama would claim his failed clean energy spending think Solyndra led to the fracking-fed energy boom we have enjoyed for the past several years, especially when the administration did all it could to stop oil and gas development. He also nixed the Keystone pipeline and started a plan to kill coal plants.7.  No nation dares to attack us or our allies because they know that s the path to ruin.  Of all the lies in Obama s speech, this was undoubtedly the worst, coming hours after Iran seized two U.S. Navy boats and ten sailors. Obama did not even mention those Americans in captivity at any point in his speech, declining the chance to reassure the nation that they would come home safely. It is an omission that will define this address in history.8.  As someone who begins every day with an intelligence briefing, I know this is a dangerous time.  Obama does not attend most of his daily intelligence briefings, preferring instead to read intelligence reports so he claims on his iPad, a stark contrast to the attentive approach of his predecessor. Late last year, even as Obama claimed that there was little risk from attack, radical Islamic terrorists carried out brutal attacks in Paris and in San Bernardino.9.  We are training, arming, and supporting forces who are steadily reclaiming territory in Iraq and Syria [from Islamic State].  The Obama administration s attempt to train and arm Syrian rebels has been a disaster. Belatedly, the administration has helped Kurdish peshmerga forces, and the Iraqi military has made gains lately, but Obama has not made a serious effort to defeat the Islamic State, and is even giving up on regime change in Syria.10.  Fifty years of isolating Cuba had failed to promote democracy, setting us back in Latin America.  And a year of appeasement has not promoted democracy, either. The Castros remain firmly in power, and we are not helping the opposition. Worse, the Cuban regime continues to arrest thousands of political dissidents, to cozy up to enemies like Iran and North Korea, and to carry out provocative acts such as stealing a U.S. Hellfire missile.Read more: Breitbart News",0
14661,MAN MAKES VIRAL VIDEO: Demonstrates How Obama Made Himself Cry During Gun Control Speech,"(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Obama Tears Share thisPosted by Dave Sayen on Thursday, January 7, 2016Don t take our word for it, watch Obama s speech on gun control in December, 2012. Pay close attention to the 1:01 mark, where he rubs his left index finger into the corner of his eye (exactly like he did last week) pauses, (like he did last week) puts his head down and pauses a bit longer (waiting for the menthol to work) and then (exactly like last week) he lifts his head and exposes the tears flowing, but only from the eye he put his finger in before tears ever began flowing:This is a character issue. Whether you disagree or agree with his gun control agenda is not the issue here. The point is, if the elected leader of the greatest nation on earth is willing to stand in front of millions and place menthol in his eye in order to make himself cry fake tears, to persuade Americans we need gun control, why should Americans believe ANYTHING he has to say?",0
14662,RUBIO DOUBLES DOWN ON Putting Illegal Aliens Before Americans,"If Rubio isn t smart enough to see that Trump s catapult to the top of the GOP contenders happened the moment he took a strong stand against politicians putting illegal aliens before Americans, then is he really smart enough to run our nation? And maybe even more importantly, if Rubio does recognize the majority of voters across the board want to elect a President who will stop the invasion of illegal aliens into our country, who is he planning to represent if he were to get the nomination?Sen. [score]Marco Rubio[/score] (R-FL) is doubling down on his support for in-state tuition for illegal aliens.On ABC, George Stephanopoulos asked Rubio about his work in the Florida statehouse in which he  co-sponsored legislation to provide in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants.  Stephanopolous asked Rubio directly:  Do you stand behind that position now? Rubio said that he  absolutely  stands behind that legislation:RUBIO: It was a very narrowly drafted bill. You had to have a certain GPA, you had to live in the U.S. a long time, you had to graduate from a Florida high school. It was very narrowly tailored to high-performing students who found themselves in a situation where they were brought here by their parents when they were 5, didn t even speak another language except English and therefore couldn t attend college because they were being charged like they were from out of state. They still had to pay for college but they paid for what people paid when they lived in Florida. They had to be high school graduates of Florida.STEPHANOPOULOS: So you stand behind that?RUBIO: Yes, of a narrowly tailored bill like that, absolutely.In theory, this legislation means that an American student wishing to attend a Florida state university, who is from the neighboring state of Georgia, would have to pay higher tuition costs than an illegal immigrant from El Salvador, who has been living unlawfully in Florida and attending American public schools for the past thirteen years on the taxpayer dime. Illegal aliens are also eligible for generous child tax credits, a benefit protected in the Gang of Eight bill. Indeed, the  taxes  requirement in the Gang of Eight bill would have meant illegal aliens could receive tax payments in the form of free cash from the IRS, since poor illegal aliens have no tax liability.Rubio s plan to discount college tuition for illegal aliens will serve as a further magnet to new illegal immigration, and will also increase competition for college slots and post-college jobs for American youth who are already struggling. Moreover, due to affirmative action policies, these illegal aliens will not have their tuition discounted but their applications given preferential treatment as well.By contrast, front-runner Donald Trump told NBC s Chuck Todd that same day that he opposes Rubio s legislation to give illegal aliens taxpayer-funded tuition discounts.TODD: Senator Rubio sponsored a bill back in Florida (back when he was in the State House) to give in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants. There s a lot of states that allow in-state tuition for the children of undocumented immigrants. I ve not heard your position on that.TRUMP: I m opposed to it.TODD: Totally opposed?TRUMP: They re here. They re not here legally. I m opposed to itTODD: Even kids born to illegal immigrants?It is perhaps interesting to note that Chuck Todd seems a bit confused about U.S. immigration policy illegal alien tuition discounts are for foreign-born youth who are themselves illegal immigrants. Under current policy, the US-born children are automatic birthright citizens, meaning no legislation is required to make them eligible for all the benefits enjoyed by Americans. Indeed, illegal immigrants primarily access welfare programs through their U.S.-born children. As a September 2015 report from the Center for Immigration Studies noted,  analysis shows that legal immigrant households make extensive use of most welfare programs, while illegal immigrant households primarily benefit from food programs and Medicaid through their U.S.-born children. Regardless, Trump made clear in the interview he would ensure that neither illegal alien youth (DREAMers) or birthright citizenship children, would be eligible for such benefits. Trump made clear he would move to eliminate birthright citizenship so that the US-born children of illegal aliens would no longer made automatic citizens. Again, by contrast, Rubio supports birthright citizenship a position which is supported by only 20% of Republicans according to the most recent Rasmussen Reports immigration survey issued on December 27, 2015.Rubio s Sunday endorsement of discount college tuition for the foreign-born illegal alien youth is in keeping with his longstanding support for DREAM amnesty proposals, which have been a passion of Gang of Eight co-member [score]Dick Durbin[/score].While Rubio briefly distanced himself of his support for DREAMer amnesty in 2010 in order to get elected to the U.S. Senate and indeed attacked attacked his opponent [score]Charlie Crist[/score] specifically for his support of the DREAM Act upon arriving in the U.S. Senate, Rubio quickly used his new position of power to begin working on a plan to legalize so-called DREAMers. In 2012, Rubio wrote: They re not in compliance with immigration law, and, thus, not American citizens. But they are culturally as American as anyone else s children Rubio s statement might be news to Laura Wilkerson whose 18-year-old son, Joshua, was gruesomely murdered by his DREAMer classmate. In her Congressional testimony last summer, Wilkerson told lawmakers how her son was,  beaten, strangled, tortured until he died. He was tied up, thrown in a field, and set on fire  [During his trial], we had to hear this kid on the stand muttering about,  In my country   In my country  never to finish that sentence. We listened to him tell us repeatedly that his  killing skills took over .  Wilkerson told lawmakers,  You cannot you cannot stand by and ignore our families   our American families. You re elected by Americans, not any other country. You should be for Americans. Yet Rubio remains so committed to amnesty for illegal immigrants who allegedly entered as minors that he has said he will not immediately revoke President Obama s lawless 2012 executive amnesty for DREAMers. In a Spanish-language interview with Jorge Ramos, Rubio said:  Well, DACA is going to have to end at some point. I wouldn t undo it immediately. The reason is that there are already people who have that permission, who are working, who are studying, and I don t think it would be fair to cancel it suddenly. But I do think it is going to have to end. And, God willing, it s going to end because immigration reform is going to pass. Rejected-Majority Leader [score]Eric Cantor[/score] similarly supported Rubio s efforts to grant amnesty to illegal immigrants. Cantor declared,  One of the great founding principles of our country was that children would not be punished for the mistakes of their parents.  This prompted Cantor s then-primary challenger Rep. [score]Dave Brat[/score] (R-VA) to describe Cantor s declaration as  one of the most radical pro-amnesty statements ever delivered by a sitting representative.  Brat wrote,  In what was billed as a new agenda for the Republican Party, Cantor declared that citizenship for illegals was required by  the great founding principles of our country.  With this remark, Cantor declared his support not only for amnesty now, but amnesty forever. Ken Palinkas, the former head of the nation s immigration caseworkers  Citizenship and Immigration Services has similarly explained how the DREAM Act would represents a promise of  perpetual amnesty :If it is improper to apply immigration law to one specific group of illegal aliens, then why should we expect future illegal aliens in this group to be treated any differently?Indeed, government reports have documented how the 2014 illegal alien minor surge on our southern border was caused, in large part, by the promise of amnesty for alien youth.As Senator [score]Jeff Session[/score] has written,  It cannot be the policy of the United States that any of the 2 billion people in the world who have yet turn to turn 18 have a right to illegally enter the United States and claim residency. Polling data suggests that in the event Rubio s position on this controversial DREAMer amnesty begins to receive large-scale media coverage  something that has not happened yet  it could pose problems for him in New Hamspshire, where he is currently in second place. As The Hill reported in 2014,  More people in New England oppose illegal immigration compared to the rest of the country  Nearly 80 percent of people in that region said illegal immigrants threaten U.S. beliefs and customs,  according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll.New Hampshire also voted for Pat Buchanan in 1996 who, like Trump, is opposed to both the cheaper foreign labor and cheap foreign imports Senator Rubio has sought to import.Via: Breitbart News",0
14663,"While LIBERAL MEDIA Promotes Hillary, Big Endorsements And Surprising Polls Roll In For Bernie Sanders","It s hard not to notice the liberal media gushing all over Hillary Clinton. CNN defends her every move while hammering Trump on just about everything. Even Obama has said he s not endorsing a candidate but it obvious his best hope for continuing his legacy of far left ideology is with Clinton. They are both students of well known radical Saul Alinsky. MSNBC is another news outlet that loves Hillary and is always pushing her agenda. The only problem is that the Dems didn t get the memo that Bernie Sanders is the guy for the voters and some lefty organizations. Oops! It s clear that Bernie Sanders has taken a rather large lead in the NH polls (14 percent) and that lefty organization Moveon.org just endorsed Sanders. Yes, the writing is on the wall for all to see except the liberal media this should be interesting!CNN had this gushing article today:Obama hopes to pave way for Clinton with farewell State of the UnionThough the White House says Obama will not endorse a candidate in the 2016 primary race, there is no doubt that he has long seen Clinton as the best hope for preserving his legacy.In fact, that belief was one reason many people in the administration s inner circle were wary of a run by Vice President Joe Biden. I think Barack Obama believes that it is incredibly important that Hillary Cinton succeeds him,  said a former close aide to Obama who is still connected with the White House.  The only way that we have an economy where people aren t losing their health care is if Hillary Clinton becomes president. Jeff Shesol, who is familiar with the dynamic between a president and his preferred successor after working in the final years of the Clinton White House as a speechwriter, including on the State of the Union address, highlighted Obama s reliance on Clinton for his place in history. The single most important thing that could happen from here on out for the Obama legacy is the election of Hillary Clinton,  he said. ",0
14664,BREAKING: OBAMA JUST RELEASED GITMO Prisoner Who Said He Would “Kill Americans” If He Was Released [VIDEO],"// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Gitmo detainee, who said he would kill Americans if he was released, has just been freed Posted by Fox & Friends on Tuesday, 12 January 2016Representative Louie Gohmert (R-TX) eviscerates Obama and his regime for the release of this terrorist:",0
14665,MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD AFFILIATE INVITED To Obama’s State Of The Union…Will This Terror Group Also Be Invited?,"So in an effort to reach out to Muslims living in America, we need to invite groups that are tied to terrorists? Why stop at groups like CAIR? Why not invite ISIS? Perhaps we missed it, but we haven t seen the list of prominent Christian leaders invited to Obama s SOTU, who will represent the worldwide mass persecution of Christians As many as 25 House Democrats are expected to have Muslim guests during Tuesday night s State of the Union speech. It s in response to a call from Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison, the first Muslim voted into Congress, to counter an  alarming rise in hateful rhetoric against Muslim Americans and people of the Islamic faith worldwide. The gesture might not generate much more than a shrug, except that in at least two cases, Democrats invited officials from a group the FBI formally avoids due to historic ties to a Hamas support network.Delray Beach Rep. Alcee Hastings invited Nezar Hamze, regional operations director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) in Florida. And San Jose, Cal. Rep. Zoe Lofgren invited Sameena Usman, a 10-year veteran government relations official with CAIR s San Francisco chapter, the Investigative Project on Terrorism has learned.CAIR officials routinely accuse federal law enforcement of entrapping otherwise innocent and peaceful Muslims in order to gin up terrorism prosecutions. Hamze s colleagues in CAIR-Florida are helping a family sue the FBI over the 2013 fatal shooting of a terror suspect who attacked agents after extensive questioning. Usman s office published a notorious poster urging Muslims to  Build a Wall of Resistance [and] Don t Talk to the FBI.  For its part, the FBI cut off contact with CAIR, except in investigations, in 2008 based on evidence its agents uncovered which placed CAIR in a Hamas-support network in the United States. Until it can be shown that those connections no longer exist, an FBI official explained in 2009, CAIR is not  an appropriate liaison partner. In addition, several CAIR officials have compared Israel to ISIS.Calls to press contacts in Lofgren and Hastings  offices were not returned Monday.Last month, the IPT provided exclusive details from eyewitness accounts about CAIR s creation, including an account of how a co-founder sought approval from the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood for CAIR s bylaws, and how Executive Director Nihad Awad s move to Washington was  in order to represent Hamas. Hastings and Lofgren either failed to check out their guests  employer or they don t care. These connections have nothing to do with the faith of CAIR officials. But the organization has a record that elected officials stubbornly insist should be ignored. Unfortunately, this is part of a pattern of outreach House Democrats seek out with the wrong people. Last month, CAIR-Florida s Hassan Shibly was invited to the White House for a discussion about religious discrimination. Then, as with the State of the Union speech, no one from the new Muslim Reform Movement   which issued a declaration clearly rejecting  interpretations of Islam that call for any violence, social injustice and politicized Islam  and standing for  peace, human rights and secular governance.  Via: Family Security Matters ",0
14666,MASS NYE SEXUAL ASSAULTS IN EUROPE EXPLAINED: [Video] Just An Innocent Rape Game Played By Muslims In Arab Nations,"This is possibly the most disturbing video we have ever posted on our website. This is an example of the  rape game  called  Taharrush  German authorities now admit the Muslim migrants brought the  Taharrush  rape game to Europe and showcased it New Year s Eve. Sexual attacks on Western women were reported in Cologne, Berlin, Hamburg, Bielefeld, Frankfurt, D sseldorf and Stuttgart, Germany. Taharrush attacks were also reported in Sweden, Finland, Austria and Switzerland on New Year s Eve.Welcome to the New Europe. Speisa reported:After the NYE mass assaults against women in several European cities, the German Federal Criminal Police Office, BKA, now say that the Arab  rape game  Taharrush has established itself in Europe.In addition to the events in Cologne, police in Berlin, Hamburg, Bielefeld, Frankfurt, D sseldorf and Stuttgart have reported of similar incidents. In addition, police in Vienna and Salzburg in Austria and Zurich in Switzerland have raised the alarm about similar mass assaults against women by newly arrived Arab migrants. Also Sweden and Finland experienced the same on New Year s Eve.  The attacks range from sexual molestation to rape, says head of BKA, Holger M nch.The  rape game  Taharrush is about a large group of Arab men surrounding their victim, usually a Western woman or a woman wearing Western-style clothing, and then the women are subjected to sexual abuse.They surround the victim in circles. The men in the inner circle are the ones who physically abuse the woman, the next circle are the spectators, while the mission of the third circle is to distract and divert attention to what s going on.If there is enough men, the woman is dragged along by the mob, while the men take turns ripping her clothes off, grope her, and inserting fingers in her various body orifices.In December a Muslim migrant in Germany bragged on video about participating in a gangrape of a virgin in Germany:https://youtu.be/-3MvinY66r0Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14667,Delusional Obama On How Divided America Has Become: At least it’s not a Civil War [Video],It turns out we re not as divided as people make us out to be Really? ,0
14668,Tavis Smiley Drops A Truth Bomb About Obama And The Black Community [Video],Tavis Smiley was on Megyn Kelly and was asked if the black community is better off after 7 years of Obama: ,0
14669,FOX NEWS BUMPS TWO Surprising GOP Candidates To Bottom Tier Of Debate,"Something about this decision really stinks of favoritism and cronyism. We d love to know who made the decision to punish the American viewers with yet ANOTHER painful appearance by John Kasich on the debate stage over Carly Fiorina and Rand Paul Rand Paul and Carly Fiorina have been booted to the undercard in Thursday night s Republican primary debate as the number of main-stage candidates was cut to seven by stricter polling criteria.Paul, who is struggling to gain traction in the presidential race, immediately cried foul, and vowed to not participate in the event.Fox Business Network, which will televise the sixth GOP presidential debate this week, announced the debate fields on Monday evening, after weeks of speculation that Paul would for the first time not make the cut for the primetime event. The seven candidates who will appear on the main stage in North Charleston, S.C., are Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Jeb Bush, and John Kasich. Kasich qualified as a result of his strength in New Hampshire. Paul and Fiorina are set to join Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum in the undercard   if Paul decides to participate. The Kentucky senator told CNN Monday evening, just before the official announcement, that Fox Business had made  a mistake,  and he wouldn t attend. We will not participate in anything that s not first-tier,  Paul said. His campaign confirmed to POLITICO that he will sit out Thursday s debate.His campaign elaborated in a statement that multiple polls showed him well within the network s criteria for qualifying, and contended that the margins of error in polls make them a poor tool for determining who makes the main stage. To exclude candidates on faulty analysis is to disenfranchise the voter,  the statement said.  Creating  tiers  based on electoral results of real votes might make sense but creating  tiers  on bad science is irresponsible. Regardless of whether he takes part in the undercard debate, the downgrade could be a crippling blow for Paul   who has insisted that he would remain in the race through the Feb. 1 Iowa caucuses, even though he also faces a reelection campaign this year for his Senate seat.In an interview with POLITICO last week, Paul called for organizers to abolish the earlier undercard debate.  I m not sure what the purpose is anymore, if there ever was one,  Paul said. The Paul camp has fought hard to keep its candidate on the main stage, where he has appeared for the prior five debates. Earlier Monday, the campaign released a memo stating that  multiple national polls  have the Kentucky senator  in 5th or 6th place    even though he s in seventh place in the average nationally and in both early states.  By any reasonable criteria Senator Paul has a top-tier campaign and has qualified for the stage,  the memo said.But it was clear that Paul didn t meet the criteria Fox Business had outlined prior to Monday s qualification deadline. The network said it would average the five most recent polls nationally, and in both Iowa and New Hampshire. The top six candidates nationally would qualify   and if any other candidate appeared in the top five in either early state, they would be added.Paul was in seventh place nationally and in both early states, according to POLITICO s calculations.Fox Business outlined specifically which polls were used in a subsequent statement to reporters, saying the outlet used  the most recent national and state polls from non-partisan, nationally-recognized organizations using standard methodological techniques.  Via: Politico ",0
14670,Clinton Campaign Attack Dog Warns Trump And Sanders To Stay Away From Bill’s Infidelity,"Hey, everything is fair game in this war to win the White House. The Clintons have their attack dog in John Podesta who s about as radical and devious as they come. It s pretty interesting that all of a sudden the Democrats are saying you need to keep it clean. They certainly don t have the moral high ground in anything political. Podesta must be desperate. What a putz!A top aide for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s campaign on Monday ripped attacks on Bill Clinton s past infidelity by GOP rival Donald Trump, saying Trump has gone  in the gutter. Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta also issued a warning to Clinton s Democratic rival Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) to stay away from the topic. I hope he s not going there,  Podesta said of Sanders during an appearance on MSNBC s  Andrea Mitchell Reports  after the host noted it seems  there s some piling on here  by Sanders. He said that he s going to run a positive campaign, that he wasn t going to go in for personal attacks and I take him at his word on that,  Podesta continued. But I hope he s not thinking about going there, because, again, I think what Trump has done to go in the gutter is reprehensible,  the Clinton campaign chairman added. PODESTA ON BRINGING BILL S SEXUAL EXPLOITS INTO THE CAMPAIGN:  Sanders fielded a question late Friday at a town hall in Iowa about Bill Clinton s affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky. Hillary Clinton is not Bill Clinton. What Bill Clinton did, I think we can all acknowledge was totally, totally, totally disgraceful and unacceptable. But I am running against Hillary Clinton. I am not running against Bill Clinton,  Sanders told the questioner, according to The Washington Post.Trump has for several weeks knocked the Clintons over Bill Clinton s sexual history, and on Sunday argued that Hillary was  an enabler  for her husband.Clinton s campaign manager maintained on Monday that Bill Clinton  remains an asset for us. Via: The Hill",0
14671,GA TOWN MANDATES GUN OWNERSHIP: Here’s What Happened To The Crime Rate…,"The results of this town s gun ownership mandate shows what happens when there are armed civilians out there In 1982, the little town of Kennesaw, Georgia passed an ordinance that every able bodied family must own a gun. Here is the text of the ordinance:(a) In order to provide for the emergency management of the city, and further in order to provide for and protect the safety, security and general welfare of the city and its inhabitants, every head of household residing in the city limits is required to maintain a firearm, together with ammunition therefore.(b)Exempt from the effect of this section are those heads of households who suffer a physical or mental disability which would prohibit them from using such a firearm. Further exempt from the effect of this section are those heads of households who are paupers or who conscientiously oppose maintaining firearms as a result of beliefs or religious doctrine, or persons convicted of a felony.An amendment to the gun ownership law grants exceptions to convicted felons, conscientious objectors and those who cannot afford a gun.In 2007, there was a follow up, showing the effects of the law on crime and the city. The liberals of course warned that Kennesaw would become the Wild West. Like all liberal predictions, this one belongs in the sewer. (Make sure you flush twice, it s a long ways to DNC HQ) In the 25 years that the law had been in place as of 2007 not one murder or defensive shooting took place. The first murder finally did occur in 2014, 32 years into the ordinance. The population soared from 5,242 to 28,189. The year prior to the passage of the ordinance, the city had a crime rate of (4,332 per 100,000). That was higher than the national average of (3,899 per 100,000). As of 2007, the crime rate had dropped to (2,268 per 100,000). The current crime rate for Kennesaw has dropped to (1,760 Per 100,000)In fact, Family Circle Magazine ranked Kennesaw as one of the ten best cities for families to live in. Kennesaw came in at Number 5. Kennesaw is far from being the one exception to the rule.The DOJ released a report that covered the years 1993 to 2011, a period in which gun ownership soared. What did they find? In 1993 there were 18,253 gun deaths. In 2011 there were just 11,101. Even more startling is that non fatal shootings dropped by 69%!!What about the liberal propaganda that gun shows are the case of most gun shootings because there are no background checks? The DOJ found that gun felons in federal prisons got just 2% of their guns from gun shows. 10 percent said they purchased their gun from a retail shop or pawnshop, 37 percent obtained it from family or friends, and another 40 percent obtained it from an illegal source.Concealed carriers also assisted in dropping crime rates during the years of the Obama caliphate. The number of concealed carry permits in 2007 was 4.6 million and has now soared to 12.8 million. That number is actually much higher since 8 states now do not require a concealed carry permit. During this same period, gun deaths dropped from 5.6 million to 4.2 million per 100,000.Harvard studied gun policies around the world and found to their astonishment that more guns mean less crime.One last item. What about the vaunted Gun free Zones? Are they working? Yes, but only for mass murderers. Since the 1950s, all but two mass shootings took place in gun free zones.Via: The PC Graveyard",0
14672,Hillary Clinton’s Anti-Israel E-mails Raise Questions About Influence On Foreign Policy,"Hillary Clinton s new e-mail release exposes her relationship to some very anti-Israel people. Sydney Blumenthal is a very close friend of the Clintons and exchanges quite a few e-mails with Clinton that are disturbing. Did he have much influence of foreign policy and the inner workings of the State Department. While Clinton claims Blumenthal was a minor character, the e-mails reveal a different story entirely:As Hillary Clinton s email scandals goes  nuclear  with more and more classified material coming to light (including some described as  explosive ), one disturbing trend is coming to light: Hillary s deep contempt for the state of Israel in general, and Prime Minister Netanyahu in particular.When the State Department released more than 5000 pages of Clinton s emails from her private server on New Year s Eve, it included correspondence with her one-time advisor Sidney Blumenthal. The communications revealed an exchange regarding Israel, and Blumenthal cited the work of his son, journalist Max Blumenthal, a self-described  anti-Zionist  known for his radical anti-Israel views.According to the Times of Israel,  In March 2010, Blumenthal plugged his son s work   this time, playing up links between evangelical Pastor John Hagee and Netanyahu   in the context of an article (written by a different writer) discussing a controversial Pentagon briefing on U.S. relations with Israel and the Arab world.   The briefing had dealt with the lack of progress in resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and American concerns over a growing perception among Arab leaders that the US was incapable of standing up to Israel. The senior Blumenthal sent several articles written by his son and referenced the younger man s plans to move to Israel for several months to write a book.  He tracks a lot of things that do not appear in the mainstream press,  he wrote to Hillary.Just in time for the 2016 election, hear Hillary Clinton say she would NOT run for president, in  Hillary Unhinged  by Thomas KuiperHillary then took the articles in question and instructed a staffer to print five copies  without the heading from Sid.  She noted the articles came from Max Blumenthal s book  Goliath: Life and Loathing in Greater Israel,  a widely criticized and rabidly anti-Semitic volume that castigated Israeli policies. The Nation s media editor Eric Alterman referred to it as the  I Hate Israel handbook  and wrote Blumenthal s  case against the Jewish state is so carelessly constructed, it will likely alienate anyone but the most fanatical anti-Zionist extremists, and hence do nothing to advance the interests of the occupation s victims. According to the Times of Israel,  Blumenthal also sent Clinton a piece by leftist Israeli Uri Avnery, who also analyzed the Pentagon briefing by leveling a damning critique against Netanyahu. Clinton asked Blumenthal, in response, how she should use this material in an upcoming talk she was supposed to have with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC). Blumenthal speculated on Netanyahu s psychological makeup by suggesting his actions were motivated by a desperate attempt to live up to his father s expectations.In an email sent immediately after the May 2010 Israeli raid on the Gaza-bound Turkish ship Mavi Maramara in which nine activists were killed, Blumenthal referred to the operation as  Bibi s Entebbe in reverse.  Noting that Netanyahu s brother Yoni was  heroically killed  in the 1976 hostage rescue mission, he said the brothers  father Benzion  adored  Yoni, while the younger Benjamin has always lived in his brother s shadow.  Bibi desperately seeks his father s approbation and can never equal his dead brother (he) has never measured up,  Blumenthal suggested.The senior Blumenthal continued to push his son s anti-Israel views on Hillary. As noted by the Times of Israel,  In 2012, Blumenthal sent his son s article in al-Akhbar,  The Bibi Connection,  to Clinton, who then relayed it onward. The article emphasized Netanyahu s intent to campaign against Obama s reelection in 2012, arguing that  Netanyahu s shadow campaign is intended to be a factor in defeating Obama and electing a Republican in his place.    The article reflected upon Netanyahu s ties to prominent Republicans such as Newt Gingrich, as well as the prime minister s right-wing pedigree. It noted that when his father, Benzion Netanyahu,  returned to Israel to launch a political career, the elder Netanyahu was rejected by Menachem Begin, the (then-)Likud Party leader, who, as right wing as he was, considered him dangerously extreme. Hillary offered a  terse  response on some of Sidney Blumenthal s policy suggestions regarding Israel, upon which he backed off. However,  Blumenthal could not keep Netanyahu out of his semi-retraction, hinting at missed peace opportunities by the Israeli leader:  Of course, if Bibi were to have engaged Syria in negotiations taking its previous gestures seriously   he wrote, before changing the subject without concluding the hypothetical. The email dump revealed Blumenthal was not the only one commenting on Middle East policy. Foreign-policy analyst Anne-Marie Slaughter, formerly the State Department s director of policy planning, wrote to Clinton the  time was right  for the U.S. to recognize Palestine during the emerging of the Arab Spring. It would allow you and POTUS to have accomplished the goal POTUS laid out at UNGA last year and would make it much harder for Syrians, Iranians, even Saudis to use this issue to divert domestic opposition, strengthening the seismic shift across the region to create fault-lines around reform/no reform instead of Arabs/US-Israel,  wrote Slaughter.The Times of Israel notes,  The emails also indicate the existence of a lengthy correspondence over attempts to reconcile Israel and Turkey following the events of the 2010 Gaza flotilla, but the emails are so heavily redacted as to expunge any clue as to what was actually discussed.   Another series details attempts in 2010 to broker direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority, with significant input from the parties involved in the Arab Peace Initiative. Learn more about the Hillary Clinton Investigative Justice Project, conceived by two veteran investigative journalists who plan to take their findings to state attorneys general in jurisdictions in which the nonprofit, tax-exempt Clinton Family Foundation does businessClinton s hostility toward Israel is well documented.Read more: wnd",0
14673,STUDENTS SENT HOME From School For Wearing Traditional Swiss Clothing Considered “racist”,"You certainly don t want to get caught showing pride for your nation  Kinda reminds us of the kids who got sent home from school for wearing an American flag on their shirts because they offended the Mexican immigrant students Ten pupils at a secondary school in Gossau turned up for their lessons wearing an edelweiss shirt on Friday.A teacher was very unhappy at the sight of this typically Swiss clothing; he asked them to go and put something else on.According to the  SonntagsZeitung , the teacher considered that this manner of dress conveyed  racist and xenophobic  ideas. The ten pupils decided to come to school wearing peasant shirts and to sing patriotic songs to show their  pride in being Swiss .Tensions with classmates of Balkan origin are said to be at the origin of this initiative, reports the German-speaking weekly. The school s headmaster is trying to calm things down. Patrick Perenzin points out that peasant shirts do not violate any institutional dress code and that they are not forbidden. But he adds that, in his view, the ten pupils behaved badly. When worn by one pupil, this clothing is not insulting. But when ten pupils decide to wear it at the same time, they are trying to  send a message , says the headmaster. Via: 20min.com",0
14674,RAMBO LOVES “THE DONALD”: Hollywood Icon Expresses His Support For Trump As Liberal Heads Explode,"Hollywood Icon And Superstar Sylvester Stallone gave an interview with Variety to pump his latest project  Creed  now in theaters. The only thing the libs didn t count on was Stallone s total support for Trump. He really likes a fighter but who s surprised about that. Rambo!!!Stallone told Variety,  I love Donald Trump.  Variety reported:Although he s been called a Republican, for supporting John McCain s 2008 presidential run, Stallone says he s not a member of the GOP.  May the best fighter win,  he said.  I don t think you can be totally one-sided forever. Then you close your mind to all sorts of possibilities. It s just,  Who comes along better at that time for what the planet is going through?  Right now, it s pretty confusing on every side. What does he think of the Republican frontrunner?  I love Donald Trump,  he said.  He s a great Dickensian character. You know what I mean? There are certain people like Arnold, Babe Ruth, that are bigger than life. But I don t know how that translates he let out a laugh to running the world. ",0
14675,Taxpayer Funded Left-Wing Church Organization Will BREAK LAW To Hide ILLEGAL ALIENS (2016 Democrat Voters) From Authorities,"This isn t just any church organization, this is a  church organization  that takes in $45 MILLION in taxpayer funds every year! Why do we give them so much money? Because they re bringing MOSTLY MUSLIM refugees into our country where they ll get housing, food, clothing, education and spending money with MORE of  OUR tax dollars. They ll also be fast-tracked to citizenship. What s the end goal? The fundamental transformation of America Ohio  peace and justice  groups getting ready to break the law and hide aliens from Obama illegal alien raids, click here.The recent Obama Administration order to round up illegal aliens (a tiny number!) and deport them is simply a ploy to fire up the No Borders movement, the Democrat base, in this all important election year.Church World Service will be hiding illegal aliens!Here is a story about the hard Left Church World Service, a federal refugee resettlement contractor, which uses $45 million of your dollars every year to change America by changing the people, is setting up hiding places throughout America where illegal aliens can be placed out of the reach of federal ICE agents.There should be a law, if you break federal immigration law, you lose your federal funding (come on wimps in Congress!).They want to resurrect the glory days (as they saw them) where churches broke the law and helped Central Americans get into America and then hid them until they could be spread out to towns across the US. It was called The Sanctuary Movement.***It is so apparent that this deportation order is part of a Democrat strategy, most likely cooked up in the White House, because (have you noticed!) no one blasts Obama personally (as they would if this were George Bush or Donald Trump).Religious groups and activists vowed Wednesday to offer refuge to illegal immigrants who are the targets of ongoing federal raids meant to combat a new wave of border-crossing from Central America.The announcement recalled the sanctuary movement of the 1980s that provided safe haven to several thousand people fleeing civil wars in El Salvador and Guatemala, with churches in Los Angeles, Chicago and other cities sometimes filled with people seeking asylum in the United States.At the start of the year, the Obama administration launched a large-scale effort targeting those who have already been ordered to leave the country. About 120 adults and children have been apprehended in raids in several states.Central American illegal aliens are NOT refugees. They do not fit the long-understood definition that a refugee or asylum seeker must prove they would be persecuted if they returned to their home country.Escaping poverty or run-of-the-mill crime is not persecution, but these NO Borders activists have been for years attempting to blur the definition. And, that is mostly because when someone is defined as a refugee all welfare goodies flow their way and they can then bring in the family they left behind. (Of course the WaPo isn t going to explain any of that to its readers!).The effort, which is expected to include several hundred more apprehensions, has drawn sharp criticism from those who advocate for undocumented immigrants. They argue that Central Americans who are entering the country illegally should be offered the same protections extended to Syrian refugees.Via: Refugee Resettlement WatchHere is the list of churches affiliated with the radical Church World Services group:Member CommunionsAfrican Methodist Episcopal Church African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church Alliance of Baptists American Baptist Churches USA Armenian Church of America (including Diocese of California) Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Christian Methodist Episcopal Church Church of the Brethren Community of Christ The Coptic Orthodox Church in North America Ecumenical Catholic Communion The Episcopal Church Evangelical Lutheran Church in America Friends United Meeting Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America Hungarian Reformed Church in America International Council of Community Churches Korean Presbyterian Church in America Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church Mar Thoma Church Moravian Church in America National Baptist Convention of America National Baptist Convention, U.S.A., Inc. National Missionary Baptist Convention of America Orthodox Church in America Patriarchal Parishes of the Russian Orthodox Church in the U.S.A. Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends Polish National Catholic Church of America Presbyterian Church (USA) Progressive National Baptist Convention, Inc. Reformed Church in America Serbian Orthodox Church in the U.S.A. and Canada The Swedenborgian Church Syrian Orthodox Church of Antioch Ukrainian Orthodox Church in America United Church of Christ The United Methodist Church",0
14676,THE CASE AGAINST SEAN PENN: Why Do Americans Who Love Their Country Still Support Him? [VIDEO],"From claiming any American who speaks out against Hugo Chavez should be jailed, to a photo op and interview with one of the most brutal Mexican drug lords in history. Sean Penn has openly supported Cuba s brutal dictator Fidel Castro, and made known his radical opposition to capitalism by supporting the former occupy movement (now the #BlackLivesMatter terrorist group). Despite the fact that he was a gun owner, Penn came out one year ago against the Second Amendment.The journalistic coup of the two-time Oscar winner secretly interviewing El Chapo   and posing for a handshake pic with the world s once-most-wanted drug lord  is only the latest surreal saga in Penn s personal life. Since the early 2000 s, Spicoli has staked himself as one of the politically active stars in America   whether or not anyone likes it.Scores of people however, have called for Sean Penn to be arrested for meeting the world s most wanted drug lord El Chapo while he was on the run and not turning him in to the authorities. Twitter users demanded Penn be questioned by investigators as to why he met with the violent cartel leader and did not help the military track him down.The double Oscar-winning actor and Mexican actress Kate del Castillo   who brokered the meeting with the self-confessed biggest drug trafficker in the world   are now under investigation in Mexico.His secret meeting with the notorious drug lord, is just one of many activist stunts by leftist actor Sean Penn.Penn s previous diplomatic doozies have led to eye-rolling Oscar jokes, dubious friendships with foreign leaders and accusations of hiring a PR team to show off his odd brand of good will.Here is Penn in a repulsive attempt to paint brutal dictators, Hugo Chavez and Fidel Castro as leaders we should respect. Penn says,  the demonization of these people is a myth :Here s a short look at Penn s past political antics.As America s violent response to the 9/11 attacks started escalating in 2002, Penn spent $56,000 to publish an open letter in the Washington Post urging President Bush to ease up on Middle East involvement. You lead, it seems, through a blood-lined sense of entitlement,  Penn wrote to the president.Many others in Hollywood may have found Penn sentiments sensible   but some of his specific recommendations, not so much.Among his peacetime prescriptions for the prez:  I beg you Mr. President, listen to Gershwin, read chapters of Stegner, of Saroyan. But at least one world leader apparently agreed with Penn s prose: Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, who used Penn s letter to trash Bush during some of his own speeches, according to The Telegraph.The Washington Post apparently wasn t a big enough forum for Penn s Bush bashing.Here s an excerpt from an interview with Piers Morgan where Penn explains his support for a second term for Barack Obama in a completely incoherent manner:Penn pulled off one major upset at the 2004 Oscars by nabbing the Best Actor statue for  Mystic River,  beating out Bill Murray in  Lost in Translation  as the expected winner.But the second shock came as soon as Penn opened his mouth following a standing ovation. If there s one thing that actors know   other than that there were no WMD s   it s that there is no such thing as best in acting,  he said at the start of his speech, earning some scattered claps and cheers before beginning his long-winded thank yous.More than a decade later, his ill-timed political jab hasn t fared much better: The film site Next Movie cited Penn s speech as one of the worst in Oscar history.At first, Penn defensively denied rumors that he was close with the Venezuelan president, who reportedly took an interest in Penn thanks to his anti-Bush newspaper ads. You don t know that I have a friendship with Hugo Ch vez, you just read it in some piece,  he told the Telegraph in 2007.Watch here at the 1:12 mark, where Penn talks about imposing a jail sentence on anyone who speaks out against Chavez:But over the years, Penn opened up about his Chavez love as many others accused the president of running his country as dictator. Penn admitted a relationship and told Bill Maher that American journalists who slam Chavez should be imprisoned.Penn sealed the deal upon Chavez s death from cancer in 2013, calling the president a  friend  in a statement and adding:  Today the United States lost a friend it never knew it had. For entire story: NYDailyNews",0
14677,KING OBAMA Plans To Finish Term Traveling Around The World,"There are so many reasons for this little coward to leave America and travel abroad for the duration of his term. Does he have knowledge of an imminent attack on America and wants to be overseas when it happens? Is he using taxpayer money to travel around the world campaigning for UN Secretary General? Perhaps he wants to be on the other side of the world when criminal proceedings against Hillary heat up? Plotting against America for seven straight years can be exhausting. Maybe he just needs a break? Or perhaps it s just as simple as wanting to hit some international golf courses on our dime. Whatever his reasons, we can be sure that the American taxpayer will once again, be stuck with a hefty bill as this fraud travels across the globe contributing to  the greatest danger our nation faces  as he spews dreaded CO2 into the environment.While Obama s scorched-earth policies continue to ravage America and beyond, the president will be busy touring the world for much of the duration of his term.The purpose is to  seal his foreign policy legacy,  according to Politico.Obama is planning to travel the globe to seal his foreign policy legacy https://t.co/iUK6SvPv8O | Getty pic.twitter.com/iwe5Zub5te  POLITICO (@politico) December 29, 2015Hold onto your hats folks, it could be a bumpy ride.According to Politico:Obama has asked aides to set a busy international travel schedule for him in his final year, with  half a dozen  trips already in the works and more potentially coming together. The travel will be aimed at cementing a foreign policy legacy he hopes will include the Trans-Pacific Partnership, increased attention to Asia, an opening of Latin America, progress against the Islamic State and significant global movement on climate change.Air Force One will tack on a lot of miles courtesy of American taxpayers, and no doubt, folks stuck at home trying to make enough money to pay increased healthcare premiums (if they re lucky enough to have a job) will be treated to countless photo-ops of the president here, there, and everywhere.All this and more wasn t lost on those who didn t appreciate the  news  of Obama s  legacy  Via: BPRWe d love to know why you think Obama will spend the duration of his term overseas .",0
14678,"Dear Liberal, Why I’m So Hostile…And How “Your political beliefs are a threat to liberty – not just for me, but for my three boys”","WOW! This is a powerful, must read letter that should be shared with every American Lately, I must admit that my hostility towards your political ilk has ramped up, pretty dramatically. No, it s not because we, at this point in my life, have a half-black president in the White House, and I m some closet racist who is becoming increasingly frustrated at the prospects of the White Man s power slipping through my fingers. I know that you ve accused our side of such nonsense, and the thought keeps you warm at night, but I can assure you that it is a comfortable fiction of which you should probably divest yourself.Now before I waste too much of your time, let s establish who I m talking to. If you believe that we live in an evil, imperialist nation from its founding, and you believe that it should be  fundamentally transformed , lend me your ears. If you believe that the free market is the source of the vast majority of society s ills and wish to have more government intervention into it, I m talking to you. If you believe that health care is a basic human right and that government should provide it to everyone, you re the guy I m screaming at. If you think minorities cannot possibly survive in this inherently racist country without handouts and government mandated diversity quotas, you re my guy. If you believe that rich people are that way because they ve exploited their workers and acquired wealth on the backs of the poor, keep reading. Pretty much, if you trust government more than your fellow American, this post is for you.First of all, let me say that we probably agree on more things than you think. Even between Tea Party Patriots and Occupy Wall-Streeters, I ve observed a common hatred of the insidious alliance between big business and big government. As Representative Paul Ryan (R-WI) so correctly noted, government should never be in the business of picking winners and losers in corporate America, and no person, organization, union, or corporation should have their own key to the back door of our government.Second, contrary to popular belief, conservatives really are concerned with the plight of the poor in this nation. You accuse us of being uncompassionate, hateful, racist, and greedy, but studies have shown that when it comes to charitable giving, conservatives are at least (if not more, depending on the study you read) as generous as liberals in caring for the poor. The difference between us is not in our attitude towards the problem   it s our attitude towards the solution. We believe that the government does practically nothing well (since without competition or a profit motive there is no incentive to do well) and has made the plight of the poor far worse than it would have ever been had government never gotten involved. For a stark example of this, look no farther than the condition of the black family in America since the  War on Poverty  began. You believe that more government is the answer, and that if we only throw more money at the problem, the problem will go away. We believe, as Reagan so aptly stated,Government is not the solution to our problems; government is the problem.Third, as people who might actually have to avail ourselves of a doctor s services at some point in our lives, we are just as concerned with the condition of America s healthcare system as you are. While we believe that America has the world s most capable physicians, has the world s most innovative pharmaceutical industry, and is on the cutting edge of medical technology, we also understand that the delivery system is far from perfect. However, unlike you, we see a grave danger in turning the administration of that delivery system over to the same entity that is responsible for giving us the United States Postal Service. There are private sector solutions that should certainly be explored before we kill the system, altogether, by giving it to the government to run.Now that we ve touched on a couple of points of common ground, allow me to explain my aggressiveness towards your efforts to implement your progressive agenda. First, let s talk about the word  progressive , since you now seem to prefer that word to  liberal . In order to label something as progressive or regressive, one must have some idea as to what constitutes progress. What is the ideal towards which you are striving? An idea is considered progressive if it moves us closer to the ideal and regressive if it moves us further away. So, what is your ideal society?Though I can t begin to discern the thoughts of every liberal who may read this, nor can I assume that every liberal has the same notion of an ideal society, in my arguments with liberals over the years, I couldn t help but notice the influence that FDR s Second Bill of Rights has had in shaping the beliefs of the modern liberal with regards to domestic policy. The rights that FDR cited are: The right to a useful and remunerative job in the industries or shops or farms or mines of the nation; The right to earn enough to provide adequate food and clothing and recreation; The right of every farmer to raise and sell his products at a return which will give him and his family a decent living; The right of every businessman, large and small, to trade in an atmosphere of freedom from unfair competition and domination by monopolies at home or abroad; The right of every family to a decent home; The right to adequate medical care and the opportunity to achieve and enjoy good health; The right to adequate protection from the economic fears of old age, sickness, accident, and unemployment; The right to a good education.At this point, you re probably screaming,  Right on!! , and who can blame you? What sane person in the world doesn t want everyone to be gainfully employed, adequately fed, smartly clothed, appropriately sheltered, and properly educated? These are the goals of every moral society on the planet, however we cannot ignore the fundamental question of,  At what cost? I m not sure whether FDR was a shallow thinker or simply a shrewd, Machiavellian politician, but the fact that he framed each of these ideals as a human right should be troubling to every freedom-loving person in America. After all, what does it mean for something to be a human right? Doesn t it mean that it s something to which you are entitled simply by virtue of your being human? Let s think about some of the basic rights that the real Bill of Rights delineates: freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom to petition the government, freedom to bear arms, freedom from illegal search and seizure, etc.If you re moderately intelligent and intellectually honest, you ll quickly see what separates the rights laid out in the real Bill of Rights from those laid out in FDR s misguided list   none of the rights listed above require the time, treasure, or talents of another human being.Your right to speak requires nothing from anyone else. Your right to practice your religion requires nothing from any of your fellow citizens. Your right to bear arms means that you are allowed to possess weapons to defend yourself and your family, but it makes no demand that a weapon be provided to you by anyone. A true human right is one that you possess, even if you re the only person on the entire planet   and it is unconditional.FDR s list is no  Bill of Rights . It s a list of demands. If I have a right to a job, doesn t that mean that one must be provided to me? If I have a right to adequate food, clothing, and recreation, doesn t that mean that I am entitled to those things, and someone should provide them to me? If I have an inherent right to a decent home, once again, doesn t that mean it should be provided to me, regardless of my ability to afford one or build one for myself?You might protest that FDR only meant that we have the right to pursue those things, but that s not what he said, and why would he? If we live in a free society, our right to pursue those things is self-evident, is it not? Besides, if he only believed in our right to pursue those things, he would not have felt the need to implement the New Deal.You may be getting anxious, now, wondering what FDR s Second Bill of Rights has to do with my antipathy towards your political philosophy. It s quite simple   your political beliefs are a threat to liberty   not just for me, but for my three boys and their children as well. I care much less about the America that I m living in at this very moment than I do about the one that I m leaving Nathaniel, Charlie, and Jackson.How does your political bent threaten my and my sons personal liberty, you ask? In your irrational attempt to classify things such as clothing, shelter, health care, employment, and income as basic human rights, you are placing a demand upon my time, my treasure, and my talents. If you believe that you have a right to health care, and you are successful in persuading enough shallow thinkers to think as you do, then it will place a demand upon me to provide it to you. If you believe that you have a right to a job, and more than half of America agrees with you, as a business owner, I am obligated to provide one to you, even if it means making my business less profitable.The fact is, you can rail against my conservatism all you wish. You can make fun of my Tea Party gatherings, and you can ridicule patriots in tri-corner hats until you wet yourself from mirth, but one thing is for certain: my political philosophy will NEVER be a threat to your freedom. If you feel a burning responsibility to the poor, conservatism will never prevent you from working 80 hours per week and donating all of your income to charity. If you feel a strong sense of pity for a family who cannot afford health insurance, my political philosophy will never prevent you from purchasing health insurance for this family or raising money to do so, if you cannot afford it, personally. If you are moved with compassion for a family who is homeless, a conservative will never use the police power of government to prevent you from taking that family in to your own home or mobilizing your community to build one for them.However, you cannot say the same for liberalism. If I choose not to give to the poor for whatever reason, you won t simply try to persuade me on the merits of the idea   you will seek to use the government as an instrument of plunder to force me to give to the poor. If we are walking down the street together and we spot a homeless person, using this logic, you would not simply be content with giving him $20 from your own pocket   you would hold a gun to my head and force me to give him $20, as well.Everything that modern liberalism accomplishes is accomplished at the barrel of a government rifle. You do not trust in the generosity of the American people to provide, through private charity, things such as clothing, food, shelter, and health care, so you empower the government to take from them and spend the money on wasteful, inefficient, and inadequate government entitlement programs. You do not trust in the personal responsibility of the average American to wield firearms in defense of themselves and their families, so you seek to empower the government to criminalize the use and possession of firearms by private citizens. Everytime you empower the government, you lose more of your personal liberty   it s an axiomatic truth.What angers me the most about you is the eagerness with which you allow the incremental enslavement to occur. You are the cliched and proverbial frog in the pot who has actually convinced himself that he s discovered a big, silver jacuzzi. Somehow, you re naive enough to believe that one more degree of heat won t really matter that much.I have the utmost respect for a slave who is continuously seeking a path to freedom. What I cannot stomach is a free man who is continuous seeking a path to servitude by willingly trading his freedom for the false sense of security that government will provide.I am reminded of Samuel Adams  impassioned speech where he stated: If ye love wealth (or security) better than liberty, the tranquillity of servitude than the animating contest of freedom,   go from us in peace. We ask not your counsels or arms. Crouch down and lick the hands which feed you. May your chains sit lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen!  Servitude can exist in a free society, but freedom cannot exist in a slave nation. In a free country, you have the liberty to join with others of your political ilk and realize whatever collectivist ideals you can dream up. You can start your own little commune where the sign at the front gate says,  From each according to his ability; to each according to his need , and everyone can work for the mutual benefit of everyone else. In my society, you have the freedom to do that.In your society, I don t have the same freedom. If your collectivism offends me, I am not free to start my own free society within its borders. In order for collectivism to work, everyone must be on board, even those who oppose it   why do you think there was a Berlin Wall?In conclusion, just know that the harder you push to enact your agenda, the more hostile I will become   the harder I will fight you. It s nothing personal, necessarily. If you want to become a slave to an all-powerful central government, be my guest. But if you are planning to take me and my family down with you, as we say down here in the South, I will stomp a mud-hole in your chest and walk it dry.Bring it.Jeremy N. Choateh/t Zero Hedge",0
14679,"OBAMA RAMPS UP Militarization Of EPA, FDA, VA While Obsessing Over Taking Guns From Citizens","Every American should be concerned and should be demanding answers from Washington about why we need to militarize these federal government agencies As the U.S. engages in a national debate over the militarization of the police, federal data shows that government agencies charged with largely administrative roles are spending tens of millions of taxpayer dollars to purchase SWAT and military-style equipment.Since FY 2006, 44 traditionally administrative agencies have spent over $71 million on items like body armor, riot helmets and shields, cannon launchers and police firearms and ammunition, according to federal spending data from watchdog group OpenTheBooks.comThis comes in addition to the $330 million spent on such equipment in that period by traditional law enforcement agencies like the FBI, Secret Service and Drug Enforcement Administration.Some examples of the purchases include:  Nearly $2 million spent by the Department of Veterans Affairs on riot helmets, defender shields, body armor, a  milo return fire cannon system,  armored mobile shields, Kevlar blankets, tactical gear and equipment for crowd control.  Over $300,000 spent by the Food and Drug Administration on  ballistic vests and carriers  in fiscal 2014. Via: Washington Times ",0
14680,THE HOTTEST TICKET IN TOWN: Watch LIVE Trump Rally In Iowa Here,"People across America are waiting in line for hours to see Trump speak about how he plans to  Make America Great Again.  Many are being turned away, simply because the venue doesn t have enough seats. If you ve been unable to get your hands on the  hottest ticket in town,  here is your chance to see a LIVE Trump rally in its entirety. The live rally starts at 2pm EST:https://youtu.be/wZpDfMrJo4Y ",0
14681,IS GLENN BECK PUSHING FOR A HILLARY PRESIDENCY When He Says This About Trump? [VIDEO],"We re gonna go out on a limb, and guess that Glenn Beck s open hatred for Donald Trump will destroy his Tea Party and conservative base Glenn Beck was back on his game today. And that game is Trump bashing. In between the sophomoric jokes, the mindless banter, it was cutting edge conversation about how Donald Trump is a progressive.Trump has taken a lot of  in-coming  as Rush Limbaugh famously pointed out following Donald s campaign launch. And a ton of it has been from Glenn Beck.Today, Beck decided to read an article by Rich Lowry entitled The Right s Post Constitutional Moment. Lowry does a yeomen s job lambasting Trump, the Tea Party and the right for falling for Trump s brand of populism.Who knew there would be a day when the Constitution would be used as a whipping boy for conservative geeks who like to lose elections. Lowry complains that Trump plans on using the same pen that Obama used to undo all of the president s unconstitutional executive orders.So is Lowry suggesting Trump go before congress? What Beck and Lowry are taking umbrage with is Trump s willingness to use the eraser. They aren t laws, their meaningless executive orders. Does that stuff need to stop cold turkey? Yes. But it will have to wait for Donald s second term in office.The inference here is that Trump supporters are the other side of the coin to Obama supporters. Our anger is justified, but we should be picking a pristine Constitutional scholar like Ted Cruz. Cruz may have a brain filled with rulings and arguments, but none of what he says connects to the average American voter. Trump connects on a level that no other candidate in my lifetime has managed to do.And quite frankly that pisses Glenn Beck off to no end. All of his hard work talking about Freedom Works and orchestrating rallies. And then Trump comes along with a populist message that finally makes the GOP tent big enough to win an election. How dare someone relate to the common man.Here s Glenn Beck explaining how he ll vote 3rd party (for Hillary) if Trump is the nominee:What both Lowry and Beck miss is the fact that the average Joe has not studied the Constitution. They may tacitly approve of what s in it, but they are more concerned about jobs, the economy and national security.In addition, the article gets things wrong. Lowry claims that Trump wants to shut part of the internet down. Just some generic part. No mention of how Donald wants someone from Silicon Valley to surgically take out ISIS related sites.Lowry goes on to praise Beck for earnestly exploring the founders with his audience. No offense, but Beck did us no favors. His show became a myriad of things that Beck, and Beck alone was interested in. We get it, Woodrow Wilson was a bad dude. Now, can we get on with fixing the damn country?Here s YouTube sensation and Tea Party darling, Wild Bill For America. He offers a scathing rebuke of Glenn Beck and his  hateful sabotaging of the Tea Party and Donald Trump:Beck s mind meld with Lowry on his show proves one thing. He would rather lose the election than win with Trump. He knows that Donald Trump will damage The Blaze brand and possibly put Beck back in the unemployment line.It s ludicrous to think that all of these veterans and military people who support Trump know nothing about the Constitution. And then there s Ann Coulter. Sarah Palin. Jeff Sessions. Rick Scott. Ted Nugent. Michael Savage. Sean Hannity. Rush Limbaugh. And dozens of other Constitutional conservatives who support Donald Trump.If you haven t pulled the plug on your Blaze membership, it s about time you looked into it. Glenn Beck s personal animosity towards Donald Trump and his wife Melania have proven that he is not ready for prime time anymore. Via: Scorched Earth",0
14682,WATCH DESPERATE GRANNY HILLARY CLINTON: Hip Selfies And TV Appearances On Ellen As She Sinks In The Polls,"As Hillary sinks in the polls, she s becoming a regular on the Ellen show. Her campaign is pretty desperate to play to Hillary s base with these appearances and with all the selfies with celebrities. I guess she hasn t been told Americans are on to her grifting ways and lies. A sure sign we re 100% FED Up! with the clintons is the new poll that says she s down by 20 points to Trump.(Not an endorsement for Trump But it s a fact Jack) Booya! OH,THIS SHOULD GET THOSE HIPSTERS:  I ve never seen this anywhere else .it has light all the way around it. Like little tiny, tiny light bulbs,  Clinton said during a taping of the Ellen DeGeneres show that airs Monday, referring to Kardashian s LuMee phone case with LED lights on the face.Clinton dropped the set of DeGeneres daytime program on Wednesday afternoon, where she was reunited with actor Tony Goldwyn, better known as President Fitzgerald Grant from Scandal. Goldwyn s endorsed her presidential bid and campaigned for her in Iowa. During the appearance she revealed that she struggles to carry a tune.  I sang to Chelsea until she developed an ear and told me not to sing anymore,  the former first lady said of her daughter. That hasn t kept her from serenading Chelsea s first child, Charlotte, who will be joined by a sister later this year.  Chelsea stopped me around 18 months, so I ve got about 3 months to go I think. That s my grace period,  she said. Clinton said producers on Saturday Night Live wanted her to sing at the end of sketch with Kate McKinnon when the actress, as Clinton, asks the Democratic presidential candidate, playing  Val  the bartender, to join in on a rendition of  Lean on Me.   And I said,  you really don t want to hear me sing, Read more: Daily Mail",0
14683,BREAKING: “The Real Donald Trump Story” [VIDEO],A New Campaign Video was just released from the Donald Trump Campaign   Your thoughts on this? ,0
14684,"OBAMA STARES DOWN AMERICAN SNIPER Widow Taya Kyle, As CNN Gives Her Time To Confront Him About Gun Control On Live TV [Video]",Taya Kyle speaks to Obama regarding the illogical strategy of his new gun control measures: ,0
14685,“HILLARY WILL BE INDICTED”,"The question is who Obama will protect? Will he stand by his  Yes woman,  Attorney General Loretta Lynch, or will he provide cover for Hillary, allowing her to emerge as the successor to his corrupt two terms in office? Our money is on Obama protecting Attorney General Loretta Lynch if Valerie Jarrett has anything to do with it A former U.S. Attorney predicts a Watergate-style showdown in the Department of Justice if Attorney General Loretta Lynch overrules a potential FBI recommendation to indict Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. The [FBI] has so much information about criminal conduct by her and her staff that there is no way that they walk away from this,  Joseph diGenova, formerly the District of Columbia s U.S. Attorney, told Laura Ingraham in a Tuesday radio interview.  They are going to make a recommendation that people be charged and then Loretta Lynch is going to have the decision of a lifetime. I believe that the evidence that the FBI is compiling will be so compelling that, unless [Lynch] agrees to the charges, there will be a massive revolt inside the FBI, which she will not be able to survive as an attorney general. It will be like Watergate. It will be unbelievable. DiGenova is referring to the Watergate scandal s  Saturday Night Massacre  Oct. 20, 1973, when President Richard Nixon sacked Special Prosecutor Archibald Cox and Attorney General Elliot Richardson and Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus resigned in protest. Via: Daily Caller ",0
14686,"MUST WATCH Trump Ad Highlights Hillary’s War On Women: Bill, Monica And Other Perverts Make Guest Appearances","The days of Hillary s past being  off limits  are officially over Bill s escapades and sexual assaults with various women throughout their marriage will all be coming out in this election. Stories about how Hillary threatened victims of Bill s sexual assaults are beginning to emerge. Hillary s closest friend, ally and top aide Huma Mahmood Abedin is also an enabler of a perverted husband, former Democrat NY Congressman Anthony Weiner, who thanks to Andrew Breitbart, was caught sexting several women during his term as a NY Congressman while his wife, Huma was pregnant with their first child. Birds of a feather Enjoy his latest Instagram ad here:Hillary and her friends!A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Jan 7, 2016 at 9:19am PSTHere s Trump s tweet announcing his new Instagram ad:Hillary and her friends! https://t.co/q45tTapqMI  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 7, 2016",0
14687,"HILLARY LANDS COVETED Taxpayer Funded, Planned Parenthood Endorsement","Sadly, this will be the only reason many women will vote for her. Hillary s crimes will suddenly become a distant memory to many female (and some male) voters. Because when it comes to defending a woman s right to kill her baby, every criminal act Hillary s ever committed takes a backseat There are many on the GOP side thankfully, who are still defending the lives of the most vulnerable among us:Planned Parenthood, the national women s health organization that Hillary Clinton often mentions on the campaign trial, will endorse the 2016 candidate for president on Sunday in New Hampshire.This will be the first time the group, which has been mired in controversy since a series of videos by anti-abortion activists were released in 2015, will endorse in a presidential primary. As a lifelong Planned Parenthood supporter, I m honored to have the endorsement of the Planned Parenthood Action Fund,  Clinton said in response to the endorsement.  There has never been a more important election when it comes to women s health and reproductive rights   and Planned Parenthood s patients, providers, and advocates across the country are a crucial line of defense against the dangerous agenda being advanced by every Republican candidate for president. The group will make the endorsement official at what they are billing as their election kickoff event in Manchester, New Hampshire on Sunday. The group plans to spend at least $20 million in this election cycle, according to a press release.The endorsement was somewhat of a forgone conclusion. Clinton regularly mentions Planned Parenthood on the campaign trail    I will defend a woman s right to choose,  she says   a line that draws applause from Democratic crowds. In Congress and on the campaign trail, Republicans that claim they just hate big government are only too happy to have government step in when it comes to women s bodies and heath,  Clinton said at the New Hampshire Democratic Party s Jefferson-Jackson Dinner in 2015.  It is wrong, and we are not going to stand for it. Planned Parenthood s endorsement, which was first reported by CBS, is sure to draw scorn from Republican presidential candidates, many of whom regularly pledge to defund the group is elected president.In accepting the endorsement, Clinton said the United States needs  a president who has what it takes to stop Republicans from defunding Planned Parenthood and taking away a woman s right to basic health care. If I m elected,  she added,  I will be that president. This is the second national women s health group to back Clinton. NARAL Pro-Choice America PAC endorsed Clinton earlier this week, their president stating that Clinton  has what it takes to fight Republican attacks on women s reproductive rights, and has the vision and experience to ensure women and families thrive. Via: CNN",0
14688,[VIDEO] DINESH D’SOUZA Warned Us About What The World Would Look Like If We Gave Obama Another Term In “2016: Obama’s America”…Was He Correct?,"Dinesh made some frightening predictions in his blockbuster movie,  2016: Obama s America.  Was he correct in his predictions? ",0
14689,BREAKING BOMBSHELL: State Department Busted In Cover Up Regarding Hillary’s Server,"They knew! Can you believe these people? FOX News reported earlier that the release of this report was delayed twice today. Now we know why they released it late. These people are sickening! Please never forget these American heroes left to die by this woman. The U.S. State Department told a watchdog group in 2013 that it didn t have any information about former secretary Hillary Clinton s emails, even though  dozens of senior officials  knew she was using a private server for all her electronic communications.A report released Thursday by the agency s inspector general   a powerful and impartial internal investigator   described a cavalier culture about transparency inside Clinton s agency, saying that 177 requests for documents about Clinton are still  pending  nearly three years after she left office. The Freedom of Information Act requires federal agencies to respond to requests for information within 20 business days. The botched FOIA request, filed in December 2012 just before Clinton left office, specifically asked whether or not Clinton used an email account other than one hosted at state.gov. Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a liberal group, was reacting to news that former Environmental Protection Agency administrator Lisa Jackson had used an alias    Richard Windsor    to send and receive emails in a way that couldn t be tied to her when FOIA requests came in. In May 2013 the State Department responded to CREW s request, saying it had  no records  related to what the group asked for. By then, Clinton had spent four years emailing department employees from her private home-brew account, but had never turned the messages over to the State Department. That CREW request was filed in December 2012, just before Mrs. Clinton left office, and specifically asked whether Mrs. Clinton used anon-State.gov email account for government business.  At the time the request was received, dozens of senior officials throughout the Department, including members of Secretary Clinton s immediate staff, exchanged emails with the Secretary using the personal accounts she used to conduct official business,  the Office of Inspector General concluded.  OIG found evidence that the Secretary s then-Chief of Staff was informed of the request at the time it was received and subsequently tasked staff to follow up. However, OIG found no evidence to indicate that any of these senior officials reviewed the search results or approved the response to CREW.  The employees responsible for searching the State Department s records, the report says, never  searched any email records, even though the request clearly encompassed emails.  State has received an unprecedented crush of requests for Clinton-related documents   240 in all, a number bigger than those related to secretaries Madeline Albright, Colin Powell, Condoleeza Rice and John Kerry combined. But the inspector general found that the agency cut the number of people processing those FOIA requests as they poured in. Clinton s emails sat on her private server for years until the State Department asked her in 2014 to turn them over. She deleted more than half of the messages, calling them  personal  in nature, before complying. In the meantime, however, her emails were out of reach when federal employees searched for records that might satisfy FOIA requests.Read more: Daily Mail",0
14690,FEEL THE BERN: Supporters Line Up At 4:30 A.M. To See Trump…In Bernie Sander’s Home State,"It would appear that socialism is not the only answer in the ultra-liberal state of Vermont Tonight s Donald Trump rally in Burlington Vermont has all the makings of a doozy political event. Burlington Vermont is ground-zero for Democrat Bernie Sanders and both Trump supporters and Bernie s political protesters have plans on attendance.In essence Trump is quite popular and viewed very favorably by the general citizenry of Vermont. However, the professional political apparatus in/around government enterprise is quite hostile (openly so) toward the Trump campaign. Yes, Trump is walking in to Mordor to show his supporters what fearless campaigning looks like in person .BURLINGTON, Vt.   Hours before Donald J. Trump was set to hold a rally in the Flynn Center here, a crowd of supporters, hecklers and curious observers braved freezing temperatures to get a glimpse of the Republican presidential candidate who dared to set foot on the traditionally liberal turf of Senator Bernie Sanders.Wearing  Make America Great Again  hats and hoodies, dozens of people   some of whom had arrived as early as 4:30 a.m.   snaked around the block along Burlington s Main Street in the hope of getting one of the theater s 1,400 seats. The Trump campaign distributed more than 20,000 tickets to the event, sending the theater s administrators and the local police department into a frenzy on how to handle the huge overflow.Those bundled up outside just wanted to see the billionaire businessman in the flesh. Surprisingly, some were fans of both Mr. Trump and Mr. Sanders, the Vermont senator seeking the Democratic nomination, and were trying to decide which one to back. I think he s smart, and he has the best chance of winning support and maybe flipping the state,  Daniel Nadeau, 22, of St. Albans, Vt., said of Mr. Trump.  Bernie is my No. 1 choice, and Trump is No. 2. They re not that different. Voters who were on the fence between the seemingly polar-opposite candidates said that both communicated well with working-class people and made strong cases for how they would boost the economy, despite their differing policy ideas.For entire story: Conservative Treehouse",0
14691,“SNEAKY” School Caught Red Handed Recruiting Kids To Work For The Clinton Campaign,"Recruiting kids is what Obama s campaign did so well. This must be a loony lefty tactic to train the kids early to accept socialism. Remember this creepy video from the Obama campaign: WE RE GONNA CHANGE THE WORLD Could you imagine the national media firestorm had the school been recruiting for Donald Trump s campaign?Students at Marshwood High School in South Berwick received an email from the Clinton campaign   urging them to sign up for positions as unpaid  fellows . Hillary for New Hampshire is looking for smart, energetic winter fellows who are committed to winning the New Hampshire primary for Hillary Clinton,  read the email from a campaign staffer.  Everyone working on the campaign now started off as a fellow at some point so it is a great way of getting a different skill set whilst helping an important cause. Tim and Elita Galvin were furious that their teenage son had received the solicitation   calling it  disingenuous and sneaky. My son didn t appreciate being targeted by anybody via his school email for a political campaign,  Mrs. Galvin told me.  I ll be honest   he s not a fan of Hillary Clinton to begin with. He s done his homework and he doesn t like her. The Galvins reached out to Paul Mehlhorn, the principal of the high school. They provided me with a copy of his emailed response. We often receive information from outside sources regarding opportunities for students to get involved in their communities,  he wrote.  We pass on this information to provide students with ways they may meet the requirement to perform 50 hours of community service to graduate. Mehlhorn went on to explain that students are not obligated to volunteer for Clinton s campaign,  nor does it suggest the school supports a particular political candidate, religious doctrine or branch of military. If other  campaigns  were to seek volunteers, we would pass that on also,  he noted.The principal went to say that the email solicitation sounded like a great way to have a conversation with their children about understanding their choices in getting involved or not.As you might imagine, Mr. and Mrs. Galvin were not all that thrilled with the principal s explanation. Politics doesn t belong there   Republican, Democrat, green, purple, white, whatever,  Mrs. Galvin told me.Read more: FOX",0
14692,Former NYPD VIP Security Detail Says Hillary’s Debate Stage Disappearance Was Due To “problems from [previous] brain injury”,"Almost as scary as the idea that Hillary would lie about a major health concern, is the fact that we have no idea who Hillary will choose as her running mate Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton s disappearance from the debate stage last month left people speculating that the former First Lady took a long bathroom break, but now a law-enforcement source with inside connections is alleging that Clinton was missing from the stage due to health issues stemming from a previous brain injury.These long-lasting symptoms stemming from a concussion and blood clot, according to a neurologist, suggest Clinton is suffering from post-concussion syndrome, which can severely impact her cognitive abilities.All that said, however, Clinton s campaign maintained to Breitbart News that she is in good health and can serve as President of the United States. Strong source just told me something I suspected. Hillary s debate  bathroom break  wasn t that, but flare up of problems from brain injury,  wrote John Cardillo on Twitter.Cardillo, who previously worked as an officer who provided VIP security details for the New York Police Department (NYPD), told Breitbart News that he knows of two additional sources who have commented about Clinton s health problems, which have even impacted her ability to walk to her car after delivering a speech. I got this from both a [federal agent]   and I also got it from a New York [NYPD] guy who worked security at a Hillary event in New York City,  Cardillo told Breitbart News, adding:These are two people that aren t just personal friends. I worked with one and then post law-enforcement worked with another on some related things. So, these aren t anonymous people. These are good friends. Both of them told me the same thing, that after her speeches, whether she did a talk or a policy speech, she had to sit behind   she would come off the podium backstage   and have to sit and rest before making it back to the car because she was so fatigued, dizzy and disoriented.Cardillo said these two security officials don t know each other and do not live in the same state, but  their stories were almost identical. One of the men told him that Clinton was  very pale, kind of disoriented. He said she looked like she was about to faint. She was very pale, almost sweaty. Cardillo said one of the incidents occurred while she was Secretary of State. The event worked by the NYPD official was roughly a year ago.Veteran Republican strategist Roger Stone, who previously worked with GOP frontrunner Donald Trump, told Breitbart News that he has also heard about Clinton s long-term health problems. A number of New York Democrats, very prominent, well-known, wealthy New York Democrats, told me last year that Hillary had very significant health issues and that they were surprised that she was running in view of her health problems and her lack of stamina,  Stone told Breitbart News.  So far, she s run a very controlled campaign, I don t think she has the physical stamina to be president,  he stated.  I have no doubt that Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) won t call her on it, but Trump certainly would. We also know that in the emails, of course, Huma Abedin  says that she is easily confused,  Stone added, referencing Clinton s close confidant Abedin comment in an email,  She s often confused,  referring to Clinton.Trump, Stone s former boss, certainly hasn t been shy in questioning whether Clinton has the  stamina  to be president. She goes out and she sees you guys for about 10 minutes, she sees you for a little while, it s all rehearsed and staged,  Trump said in a recent interview on Fox News  Media Buzz. They ll pick a couple of people out of the audience that are like, you know, 100 percent. She ll sit around a little plastic table, they ll talk to the people for a while. It s ridiculous,  Trump added.  And then she goes away for five or six days and you don t see her. She goes to sleep. Neurologist Dr. Daniel Kassicieh, D.O., reviewed news reports of Clinton s head injury in light of the recent information revealed from the security sources that are raising questions about her current health status.Kassicieh, who has run his own Sarasota, Florida, practice for 20 years, is a board-certified neurologist and the medical director of the Florida Headache and Movement Disorder Center. He is a doctor of osteopathic medicine, which is similar to a medical doctor but can involve at a minimum of 100 more classroom hours of specific training. That additional training is focused on the osteopathic or the musculoskeletal system aspects of medicine. He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Neurology (FAAN) and a Fellow of the American College of Neuro-psychiatrists (FACN). Kassicieh is a registered Republican in Sarasota, but his purely medical analysis is troubling for Clinton. They were trying to poo-poo this off as a minor concussion, but I would just say that reading it and trying to take all the politics out of it, and just read it purely from a medical standpoint,  Kassicieh explained:Considering the point of what happened with Hillary over this time period  the timeline  and then what has happened here more recently  the break at the debate, I saw that and even the commentators that were sitting there made a comment that,  Gee, that seems awful long for a break.  Just looking at it from a neurological standpoint, the risk factors for developing post-concussion syndrome, one of them is age, and she was 65 when this happened  just from a physiologic standpoint that s an older individual. Being female is a risk factor for post-concussion syndrome as well. For someone who has treated many post-concussion syndrome patients and that s what I really believe she s suffering from based on reading these reports and reading what s happened,  Kassicieh said.  I think she has latent post-concussion syndrome, and I can understand that as a politician they would want to be covering that up.  He stated:I would say as a neurologist having seen many post-concussion syndrome patients that I would not want a president who I knew had post-concussion syndrome being president because their super high-level cognitive abilities are clearly impaired and even their routine multitasking high-stress abilities are affected because post-concussion syndrome patients in general don t tolerate even moderate work, stress-related environments.Kassicieh added that if suffering from post concussion syndrome, Clinton s symptoms could appear  well beyond a year  after her concussion. A transverse sinus thrombosis [blood clot] is a rare condition of a clot forming in the venous sinus cavities surrounding the brain,  Kassicieh told Breitbart News, referencing an ABC News report from 2012 that detailed Clinton s head injury and blood clot following a fall. He explained:These venous sinuses drain blood out of the brain. The [injury] incidence is only about 3 per 1,000,000 adults. The transverse sinus is less commonly affected than the main sagittal venous sinus. The cause of transverse sinus clots is not well understood although trauma and dehydration have been described as risk factors. Mrs. Clinton suffered from both.Dr. Nicholas C. Bambakidis also analyzed the facts for Breitbart News. He is the director of cerebrovascular and skull base surgery, and the program director of neurological surgery at University Hospitals Case Medical Center in Cleveland, Ohio, and a professor of neurosurgery and radiology at the CWRU School of Medicine in Cleveland, These types of clots are usually formed spontaneously without an obvious cause,  Bambakidis said in an email:They can be associated with dehydration, a predisposition to blood clotting disorders, are more common in women and may be associated with oral contraceptive medication, severe head trauma, brain surgery, or infection. If untreated, they can progress and lead to bleeding in the brain or swelling, and a stroke or even death. The treatment is generally anticoagulation and treatment of any underlying cause.Bambakidis said that if treated early and quickly, there are no longstanding issues with a person s health. Typically, if caught early and treated adequately (as seems to have been done in this incident) there is a full recovery without any consequences (normal cognition, memory, etc),  he said.Dr. Jane Orient, the executive director of the politically conservative Association of American Physicians and Surgeons also reviewed the 2012 ABC News report about Clinton s concussion and blood clot. She said she thought the ABC report appeared medically accurate. Factors predisposing to clots include air travel, dehydration, hormones, immobilization as during surgery, blood abnormalities, cancer,  Orient said.  Concussions can cause long-term damage including cognitive problems, even when standard studies including CT or MRI look normal. Not saying Mrs. Clinton has any of the above just speaking generally and hypothetically,  she clarified.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
14693,BOMBSHELL: More Women Threatened By Hillary Are Ready To Come Forward With Sexual Assault Accusations Against Her Perverted Husband [VIDEO],"The Clinton Crime Syndicate may find a few bumps in the road, as they attempt to claw their way back into he White House.  Women who have been intimidated and silenced by the Clinton Crime Syndicate in the past, have recently been inspired by other women who are bravely speaking out against this serial pervert and the woman who has enabled Bill s war against women for decades Since returning to the campaign trail as an advocate for Hillary, Bill Clinton has been harried by renewed interest in his past sexual misconduct as well as Hillary s alleged role in intimidating his victims into silence.Roger Stone, author of the New York Times bestselling  The Clinton s War On Women , claims that he has personal knowledge of previously unknown victims who are preparing to come forward with accusations against the former president. I identified 24 women who ve been assaulted by Bill Clinton,  Stone said on The Sean Hannity Show.  Now some of these women are still terrified. Some of them have had IRS audits. Some of them have had their families threatened. But others have come forward. Are you saying there s women whose names we don t know that are mentioned in your book or not mentioned in your book that are going to come forward and start telling those stories?  Sean asked. Yes, I think it s very probable,  Stone responded.  Not all of them because some of them are still terrified, their families have been threatened, their lives have been threatened. Are we talking about affairs, or are we talking about assaults?  asked Hannity. We re talking about assaults,  declared Stone.  I don t want to get out ahead of myself but I think as Broaddrick, and [Kathleen] Willey, and Jones speak out, other women are encouraged who have been assaulted, who have been threatened by Hillary are encouraged by the courage of those three women. Listen to Roger Stone s bombshell revelation along with author Ed Klein on The Sean Hannity Show:Via: Hannity Show",0
14694,BREAKING: Man Rushes To Paris Police Station Doors With Knife Screaming “Allahu Akbar”…Was He Another “Muslim Clock Boy?”,"It doesn t appear the man rushing to doors of a Paris police station with a knife, screaming  Allahu Akbar  wearing a fake suicide vest will garner a visit to France s President Francois Hollande s office. While France has made the decision to take a hard-line on Muslim terrorists, Obama and his Attorney General, Loretta Lynch have taken a hard-line against any American who uses language that they consider  hate speech  against Muslims. The idea that the  Muslim Clock Boy  (a term that we coined) was able to take a fake bomb to school and become an overnight celebrity, as our  victim of the month  in America tells us all we need to know about how seriously the Left has taken the threat of terrorism in America. Paris police shot dead on Thursday a man wielding a knife after he tried to enter a police station shouting  Allahu Akbar  (God is Great) and wearing what turned out to be a fake suicide belt.The incident took place exactly one year after deadly Islamist militant attacks on the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine in the French capital and also just minutes after President Francois Hollande had given a speech in an another part of Paris to mark the anniversary. The man may have been wearing something that could be a suicide belt,  Interior Ministry spokesman Pierre-Henry Brandet told BFM TV. Brandet later confirmed to Reuters that the suicide belt was fake.France has been on high alert ever since the shootings last January at the Charlie Hebdo office and at a Jewish supermarket in which 17 people died over three days.Security concerns were further heightened in November, when 130 people were killed in the capital in coordinated shootings and suicide bombings that targeted a music hall, bars and restaurants and a soccer stadium.Islamic State, the militant group that controls swathes of Iraq and Syria, claimed responsibility for the Nov. 13 attacks. Several of the militants involved in those attacks were, like last January s killers, French-born.In Thursday s incident, the man tried to force his way into the police station in the 18th district in northern Paris, an area that Islamic State said it had been planning to hit as part of the November attacks.WIRES PROTRUDING According to our colleagues, he wanted to blow himself up,  an official at the Alternative Police union said.  He shouted Allahu Akbar and had wires protruding from his clothes. That s why the police officer opened fire. Officials said bomb disposal experts were on site.Journalist Anna Polonyi, who could see the outside of the police station from the window of her flat, posted photos on social media that showed what appeared to be a bomb-disposal robot beside the body.She told Reuters that her sister, in the flat with her, had seen the incident happen. She said the police shouted at the man and that he then started running towards them before they shot him.Last year s attacks have boosted the popularity of the far-right National Front party ahead of a presidential election due in 2017.In his speech, Hollande promised to better equip police to prevent further militant attacks.The president also defended draconian security measures implemented since November that his Socialist government had once shunned. Via: Reuters",0
14695,"[VIDEO] BLACK TWO-TIME OBAMA VOTER LASHES OUT: “I got tricked, I got bamboozled. I voted for him twice. I’m voting for Trump”","The tide is turning and the Democrats are losing passionate black voters to Donald Trump. Minorities are watching jobs and benefits  going to foreigners that should be going to Americans first. This kind of rhetoric doesn t bode well for the Democrat party. We taking back America. We taking back America. I stand for him [Trump]. They (illegal aliens and refugees)  We don t got no jobs.We got babies too. I got a little girl. I can t hardly support her. No,no, no. But the foreigners driving around in new cars. They ve got the jobs. Obama has failed us. It s time for someone to make a stand. Obama has let me down. I voted for him twice and he broke my heart. We need Donald Trump. Obama has failed. He let us down. We don t have nobody fighting for us. We gotta fight for Obama I mean for Donald Trump not no damn Obama.  I m sick of him [Obama]. I got tricked. I got bamboozled twice. Not gonna do it to me anymore, because Donald Trump s the man. He s [Trump] gonna take care of our veterans. He s gonna take care of our military. He s gonna take care of our babies. They talk about  black and white?'  That s a lie! We built this country together. I love blacks too. Of course I m with blacks. But I gotta keep it real. I m an American not no terrorist. Obama won t even call them  terrorists.  If you fly a plane into a building. If you blow yourself up and the American people you are a terrorist!  White little babies and black little babies don t have food to eat, but you [Obama] gives away $150 billion! ",0
14696,"[VIDEO] GERMAN MAYOR Blames Victims Of Mass Rape, Sexual Assault By Muslim Migrants For Not Defending Themselves","Because blaming the Muslim migrants who raped and sexually assaulted an untold number of women on New Years Eve would be politically incorrect and certainly not very hospitable A political scandal is developing in Germany as ordinary citizens wake up to the scale of the migrant crime cover-up, and the callous reaction of the mayor of Cologne to mass-sex crime on new year s eve.The Mayor of Cologne has spoken out about the attacks, but her carefully chosen words are unlikely to delight many. Rather than addressing the root causes of the violence   unlimited mass migration and a totally failed system of integration   the newly elected pro-migrant mayor instead blamed the victims of the sexual abuse for having failed to defend themselves against the immigrant attackers.Here is a video of the shocking chaos that took place on New Years Eve:Speaking on live television this afternoon mayor Henriette Reker, who was near-fatally stabbed in the run up to October elections by an anti mass migration campaigner, said in future women would have to be better prepared in her city to deal with migrants.She remarked:  The women and young girls have to be more protected in the future so these things don t happen again. This means, they should go out and have fun, but they need to be better prepared, especially with the Cologne carnival coming up. For this, we will publish online guidelines that these young women can read through to prepare themselves .What form this guidance will take is presently unclear, the mayor could take inspiration from young victim whose modest clothes protected them from the worst consequences of walking at night in areas controlled by migrant men. The woman said:  Fortunately I wore a jacket and trousers. a skirt would probably have been torn away from me .Despite her words of warning towards women in the city they could prepare for more violence against them, she refuted the suggestion there was any link between the attacks and migrants, contradicting her own chief of police.An opposition council member has today sounded the alarm bell on the deteriorating state of control the local government has over the city of Cologne, and in an official letter from the council group has warned those planning to come to the famous Cologne council next month  the city and the police  are unable to guarantee the safety of locals and tourists .Council group leader and lawyer Judith Wolter said in her letter to the people of Cologne today:  I want as a member of the Cologne City Council  to submit a travel warning for the carnival time in Cologne city centre. Especially the area in and around the central station, the cathedral and the adjoining area towards the banks of the Rhine for tourists (and locals) is no longer considered even in normal times as safe. For months, there is in these areas numerous thefts, open drug dealing, robberies and harassment of all kinds  Dozens of women were sexually harassed in public and there was at least one rape. Neither the city nor the police are able to guarantee in the territory described the safety of tourists and locals. Especially for women it must be assumed that a high security risk is here in the evening and night hours. At New Year s Eve there was a legal vacuum and a no-go area for women. With the climax of the Carnival season it is unfortunately expected to be a similar situation .German police have admitted to losing several urban areas to migrant gangs as so-called no-go zones, but this is possibly the first time a public square in the centre of a European city has been acknowledged by officials as having been lost to criminality, and out of the control of police at night.News of the attacks was suppressed for days, with just short reports of isolated incidents in Cologne city centre making it to local outlets on New Year s Day.The Kolnifsche Rundschau described the scene at the railways station as  largely peaceful  and made no effort to describe those who attacked the young women, one of which told press she had  fingers on every orifice  after she was stripped near naked.Only after nearly 100 victims of assault and abuse came forwards to police, and stories of attacks started circulating on social media did the truth of the situation start to slowly emerge, forcing local police to hold a press conference on Monday afternoon.Despite the chief of police admitting the enormous scale of sexual assault and confirming the attackers were of  North African and Arab  origin, much of the mainstream media is still in damage control mode, either trying to shift the focus from migrants, or avoiding the events completely. Via: Breitbart News",0
14697,"IN YOUR FACE! Following Obama’s Gun Control Rally, Ted Cruz Announces Engraved Shotgun Giveaway…One Lucky American Will Win","We don t need to tell you that Ted Cruz is no fan of Obama or of his insatiable desire to strip Americans of their Second Amendment right. On the heels of Obama s gun grabber rally, Ted Cruz is announcing a FREE engraved shotgun to the lucky winner of his raffle.Presidential hopeful and gun lobby favorite Ted Cruz is raffling off a shotgun engraved with his official campaign logo.To win the prize, a 12-gauge Remington 11-87 with an engraving on the stock, contestants have to submit their name, email, zip code and phone number, according to contest.When contestants enter to win, they re asked to contribute but contributions are not necessary. Per the fine print, contributing does not improve the chances of winning. Via: Guns.comThe promotion is subject to rules of eligibility. Entries must be received before midnight on Jan. 30, 2016.",0
14698,WOW! Watch Former Democrat Hammer Obama On His Weak Leadership And Hatred For America,"Unlike our racist, anti-American President, this brilliant Louisiana State Senator, Elbert Lee Guillory is color blind. He is not however, blind to Obama and his radical agenda. His comments represent what so many Americans believe about Obama and the liberal Democrat party. His plea for Obama to stop leaving America vulnerable to terrorists and nations who hate us is heartbreaking History will remember you, Mr. President as a weakling. From his Facebook page:  Today America is at war with ISIS. They attack our soldiers, our homeland and our friends. When our law abiding citizens need to protect our streets and communities most, President Obama chooses this same moment to limit OUR gun rights. This is my response to his unbelievable position. // <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Mr. President: Disarm ISIS, not Us.Today America is at war with ISIS. They attack our soldiers, our homeland and our friends. When our law abiding citizens need to protect our streets and communities most, President Obama chooses this same moment to limit OUR gun rights. This is my response to his unbelievable position. Mr. President: Disarm ISIS, not Us.Posted by Elbert Lee Guillory on Tuesday, January 5, 2016",0
14699,"BAM! Reporter Calls Out Obama White House: You ‘live in this illusion or fantasy where you pretend that things are, are not’ [Video]",You ll love this guy   he tells it like it is! ,0
14700,BEHIND THE CURTAIN: How Obama Plans To Prevent “Certain” Social Security Beneficiaries From Owning Guns,"There is nothing about Obama s executive order gun grab. Barack Hussein Obama has an agenda that, for some reason, no one in America seems to be able to stop. From the video showing fake tears flowing from Obama s left eye, to every false word uttered from his mouth, it is clear he will stop at nothing to fundamentally change America, just as he promised the American voter when he campaigned back in 2007. The White House released a fact-sheet Jan. 4 which previews the executive gun control Obama will unveil Tuesday and one aspect of the new controls is the inclusion of  information from the Social Security Administration in the background check system about beneficiaries who are prohibited from possessing a firearm. On July 18 Breitbart News reported on Obama s push to ban gun-possession for Social Security beneficiaries who are believed incapable of handling their own finances.At that same time, the Los Angeles Times reported that a ban was being put together  outside of public view,  so all the details were not known. But the Times did know that the ban would cover those who are unable to manage their own affairs for a multitude of reasons from  subnormal intelligence or mental illness  to  incompetency,  an unspecified  condition,  or  disease. The ban pertaining to Social Security beneficiaries is now tucked into the  mental health  aspects of Obama s executive gun control.According to the White House executive order preview:Current law prohibits individuals from buying a gun if, because of a mental health issue, they are either a danger to themselves or others or are unable to manage their own affairs. The Social Security Administration (SSA) has indicated that it will begin the rulemaking process to ensure that appropriate information in its records is reported to NICS. The reporting that SSA, in consultation with the Department of Justice, is expected to require will cover appropriate records of the approximately 75,000 people each year who have a documented mental health issue, receive disability benefits, and are unable to manage those benefits because of their mental impairment, or who have been found by a state or federal court to be legally incompetent. The rulemaking will also provide a mechanism for people to seek relief from the federal prohibition on possessing a firearm for reasons related to mental health.Again, the push for a ban on gun possession for certain Social Security beneficiaries was already in the works during the summer, but it is also incorporated into the  mental health  aspect of Obama s executive gun control.And this means that information on beneficiaries who meet the criteria of mental impairment demonstrated in part by an inability to manage their own benefits will be added to the National Instant Criminal Background System (NICS) so that the beneficiaries cannot buy a gun. Via: Breitbart News",0
14701,CHER ATTACKS TRUMP: Compares Bill Clinton’s Infidelities To Trump’s 3 Marriages…Forgets One Important Fact,"Really Cher? We re not excusing infidelity, but it should be pointed out that Donald Trump, who fell in love with Marla Maples, ended up marrying her. How many twisted affairs that Bill had during his marriage to Hillary had a happy ending for the women involved? Did Bill have multiple affairs with women because he loved them, or simply because he s a pervert who clearly has no respect for the sanctity of marriage? We all make mistakes, and comparing a single affair that Trump had, to a serial philanderer is simply not a fair comparison.TRUMP CANT THROW ONE STONE AT PRES CLINTON, REGARDING CHEATING. TRUMP HUMILIATED BOTH HIS WIVES IN HEADLINES 4WKS,BECAUSE OF HIS CHEATING  Cher (@cher) January 5, 2016Marla Maples and her true feelings about Donald Trump:And then there s the our former President, convicted liar and serial pervert, Bill Clinton: SAID THIS B4,BUT MUST REITERATE,IF THERES PRES TRUMP2016,U CAN THANK THE MEDIA NEWS SOURCES HAVE HANDED HIM WIN ON A SILVER PLATTER,4FREE  Cher (@cher) December 30, 2015Honestly Think Pathological Side Of Trump Has Always Existed..However,This Campaign has opened Pandora s Box.He s Lowest Common Denominator  Cher (@cher) December 29, 2015By way of comparison,(aside from the famous White House affair with teenager and intern, Monica Lewinsky) here s the list of accusations against serial pervert, Bill Clinton:Juanita Broaddrick (AR)- rapeEileen Wellstone (Oxford)   rapeElizabeth Ward Gracen   rape   quid pro quo, post incident intimidationRegina Hopper Blakely    forced himself on her, biting, bruising her Kathleen Willey (WH)   sexual assault, intimidations, threatsSandra Allen James (DC)   sexual assault22 Year Old 1972 (Yale)   sexual assaultKathy Bradshaw (AK)   sexual assaultCristy Zercher   unwelcomed sexual advance, intimidationsPaula Jones (AR)   unwelcomed sexual advance, exposure, bordering on sexual assaultCarolyn Moffet -unwelcomed sexual advance, exposure, bordering on sexual assault1974 student at University of Arkansas   unwelcomed physical contact1978-1980   seven complaints per Arkansas state troopersMonica Lewinsky   quid pro quo, post incident character assaultGennifer Flowers   quid pro quo, post incident character assaultDolly Kyle Browning   post incident character assaultSally Perdue   post incident threatsBetty Dalton   rebuffed his advances, married to one of his supportersDenise Reeder   apologetic note scanned",0
14702,Hillary Clinton Is Asked The Difference Between A Socialist and A Democrat [Video],Awkward! I am a progressive  ,0
14703,TRUMP’S RIGHT AGAIN: North Korea Says It Just Tested The ‘H Bomb Of Justice’ After Nuclear Test [Video],"Donald Trump is right again: He warned in a Presidential debate that no one was paying attention to North Korea. Well, North Korea just tested a hydrogen bomb so big that it registered as a 5.1 earthquake. Yes, we might want to pay more attention to them North Korea wanted what it called  the H-bomb of justice  as protection from the  ever-growing nuclear threat and blackmail by the U.S.-led hostile forces, The Wall Street Journal:An earthquake hit North Korea early Wednesday near the site of the nation s previous nuclear tests and South Korean experts said the seismic activity appeared to be triggered by a man-made explosion.North Korean state radio said Pyongyang would make an  important  announcement at 12 p.m. North Korea time, according to Seoul s Unification Ministry, which monitors its neighbor s media.The U.S. Geological Survey reported the magnitude of the quake at 5.1, with the epicenter in the northeast of the country, 49 kilometers (30 miles) from the nuclear test site of Pyunggye-ri.North Korea s last nuclear test in February 2013 was of the same magnitude. In December, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said the country was ready to detonate atomic and hydrogen bombs, according to state media.AT THE 54:28 MARK TRUMP SPEAKS ABOUT NORTH KOREA: Ted and I have spoken, a lot of us have spoken, because we re talking about Iran -and they are bad actors   bad things are going to happen   but in the meantime you have somebody right now in North Korea who s got nuclear weapons, and who is saying almost every other week  I m ready to use them , and we don t even mention it. ~ Donald Trump Via: Conservative Treehouse",0
14704,BREAKING: Iran Publicly Humiliates Obama…Unveils Second Underground Missile Capable Of Carrying Nuclear Warhead,"A clear violation of Obama s lopsided  deal  with Iran Hey Barry do you still think Iran wants to be our friend? What was the rush for America to cave to Iran while totally ignoring their nuclear ambitions?  Iran unveiled a new underground missile depot on Tuesday with state television showing Emad precision-guided missiles in store which the United States says can take a nuclear warhead and violate a 2010 U.N. Security Council resolution.The defiant move to publicize Iran s missile program seemed certain to irk the United States as it plans to dismantle nearly all sanctions on Iran under a breakthrough nuclear agreement.Tasnim news agency and state television video said the underground facility, situated in mountains and run by Iran s Revolutionary Guards, was inaugurated by the speaker of parliament, Ali Larijani. Release of one-minute video followed footage of another underground missile depot last October.The United States says the Emad, which Iran tested in October, would be capable of carrying a nuclear warhead and U.S. officials say Washington will respond to the Emad tests with fresh sanctions against Iranian individuals and businesses linked to the program.Iran s boasting about its missile capabilities are a challenge for U.S. President Barack Obama s administration as the United States and European Union plan to dismantle nearly all international sanctions against Tehran under the nuclear deal reached in July. Via: Reuters ",0
14705,CROCODILE TEARS: Watch Obama Use Phony Outrage To Gain Sympathy For Gun Control,"Following Obama s phony tears, he launched directly into attack mode of the Republican majority Congress (who have already proven their not on our team) and the gun lobby. All of us need to demand a Congress brave enough to stand up to the gun lobbies lies. Every time I think about those kids it gets me mad,  he said, as he bowed his head for ultimate effect, and then boom as though he never shed a tear, the attack against Republicans and gun lobbies began.Where was his outrage when Kate Steinle was killed by an illegal alien in a Sanctuary City? Where was his outrage when cops were being killed as a result of his war against cops? Obama s selective outrage and faux tears aren t fooling anyone who s paying attention This isn t the first time Obama used a fake dramatic scene to promote his agenda. Remember this phony scene? Obama was in the middle of his speech promoting socialized medicine, but somehow was able to see a woman behind him about to pass out. Watch him save her just in the nick of time. ",0
14706,"WHEN IT COMES TO IRAN, Obama Just Can’t Help Himself: U.S. Allies Say Obama Has Secretly Chosen Sides In Saudi Arabia, Iran Conflict","The new cold war between Saudi Arabia and Iran has been going on for a while, but has now escalated to a critical stage.  It would be great if our President would take a stand and make his position known to the American public. But we re not dealing with just any President. We re dealing with Barack Hussein Obama, the guy who buddies up to terrorist and communist nations. We re talking about a President who treats our enemies like friends and many of our allies like enemies. Pay attention to this very important situation in the Middle East. It could get very ugly As the cold war between Iran and Saudi Arabia heats up, the Barack Obama administration is trying to straddle the fence and not take sides, but its actions tell a different story   they all seem to favor Tehran.Following the Saudi government s announcement Saturday that it had executed 47 prisoners, including a popular Shiite cleric, the U.S. State Department did two things. First, it issued a statement expressing concern that Riyadh s actions were  exacerbating sectarian tensions.  Then Secretary of State John Kerry called Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif, urging him to try to de-escalate the crisis.Spokesmen for the White House and State Department on Monday insisted that the U.S. was not taking a side, and that Kerry was set to call Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir. But U.S. and Arab diplomats tell us that America s Gulf allies, who feel most threatened by Iran, see things very differently.The State Department has criticized Saudi Arabia before for executions and its human rights record. But this time, its spokesman, John Kirby, undermined the Saudi claim that Iran s government was culpable for the attacks on its embassy, noting in his opening statement that Iran appears to have arrested some of those responsible.What s more, the Saudis argue that this time the U.S. criticism went too far because the cleric, Nimr al-Nimr, was inciting terrorism.  We do not accept any criticism of the kingdom s judicial system,  al-Jubeir said Sunday.  What happened was that those who have led terrorist operations that led to the killing of innocent people, were convicted. Following Saudi Arabia s decision Sunday to cut diplomatic ties and end Iran-bound commercial flights, Bahrain, Sudan and the United Arab Emirates also downgraded relations. One senior Gulf diplomat told us he expected other Sunni Arab states would follow suit.At the root of the problem for Sunni Arab states is the nuclear deal reached last summer by Iran and Western nations. When the White House sold the pact to Congress and Middle Eastern allies, its message was clear: Nothing in the deal would prevent the U.S. from sanctioning Iran for non-nuclear issues. Yet that has not been the case.Last week, the Treasury Department balked at the last moment on sanctioning 11 entities and individuals it deemed responsible for helping the Iranian government develop its ballistic missile program in violation of United Nations sanctions. Treasury officials had told lawmakers the new sanctions would be announced Dec. 30, but then the announcement never came.Hill staffers briefed on the issue said that the State Department had intervened at the last minute, following objections by the Iranian government. A senior administration official told us the sanctions weren t dead and that the U.S. was still working through some remaining issues, but didn t specify any timetable.A week earlier, Kerry wrote personally to Zarif to assure him that the Obama administration could waive new restrictions in a law passed by Congress that would require visas for anyone who had visited Iran to enter the United States. The Iranian government had objected that the visa requirement would violate the terms of the nuclear agreement.Read more: Bloomberg View",0
14707,PRICELESS: Watch Bill Clinton’s Awkward Response When Asked If His Perverted Past Is “Fair Game”,"Let s be honest when it comes to the Clinton clan, is there really any criminal or morally corrupt act they ve committed that the media doesn t consider  off limits? I think there s always a temptation to take the election away from people, so I m just gonna give it to them.  -Bill Clinton s utterly incoherent answer to question about his perverted past posed to him by ABC s Cecilia Vega..@ABC Exclusive: Bill Clinton responds to Trump's claim that his past is fair game in interview with @CeciliaVegaABChttps://t.co/4ARzemKcRY  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) January 4, 2016",0
14708,WATCH: CNN HOST GETS SCHOOLED By Guest After Comparing Oregon Protesters To #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists,"Facts are funny things Ever wonder why the Left is so opposed to using them in an argument?CNN law enforcement analyst Art Rodericktold explained to CNN host Brian Stelter, armed protesters in Oregon who took over a federal building to protest a tyrannical federal government, were not being surrounded by federal agents because:  They re not destroying property, they re not looting. ",0
14709,"BUNDY SON AND RANCHERS POST VIDEOS On Facebook: Speak Out Against “Lies on social media,” Explain Why They’re Fighting Tyrannical Government","// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]> We re here because we re tired of the lies in the social media. Our federal government has run amuk. Everybody has guns. Just because you have guns, doesn t mean that you re violent. Oregon rancher asking for our help!Posted by Bundy Ranch on Sunday, 3 January 2016// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Come help the ranchers in Oregon gain back their rights!Posted by Bundy Ranch on Monday, 4 January 2016 // <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Oregon rancher asking for our help!Posted by Bundy Ranch on Sunday, 3 January 2016This rancher traveled from Michigan to show his support for the ranchers. He s calling for a peaceful resolution to this issue:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Calling all to come and help the people of Harney CountyKen Rhoads, (71) calling all to come and help the people of Harney County. Come to the Malheur Wildlife Refuge 30 mile from Burns Oregon. We have a warm place for you to lay your head and food to eat. We need you to make this happen without violence.Posted by Bundy Ranch on Sunday, 3 January 2016",0
14710,BREAKING: Trump Unveils First Ad Focusing On The Real Danger To America – NOT Global Warming!,"Donald Trump revealed his first ad of the political season. No matter what candidate you support, this hits home with its focus on terrorism. ",0
14711,"BOOM! Judge Jeanine to Obama: ‘Instead of blaming guns, why don’t you start shooting terrorists?’",Another golden moment from the great Judge Jeanine-We love her! ,0
14712,WATCH: HILLARY BERATE RAPE VICTIM Over Question About Bill At Town Hall,"Of course Hillary cares about rape victims, unless they re tied to her husband, the serial pervert Hillary s ongoing war on women.Sounding like a schoolmarm disciplining a child, Hillary Clinton yelled down a heckler at a a rally in Dover. It turns out the woman who heckled Clinton was a GOP State Rep. from Derry. She was trying to ask about Juanita Broderrick s rape allegations against Bill Clinton.HERE S THE NASTY MOMENT:",0
14713,FLASHBACK: SPY WHO HACKED INTO SECRET CLINTON DATA FOUND DEAD IN DUFFEL BAG IN BATHTUB,"Could this be another casualty of the Clinton Crime Syndicate? The MI6 spy who was found dead inside a holdall bag in his bathtub in London hacked into secret data held on former U.S. President Bill Clinton, The Sun newspaper has sensationally claimed today.Gareth Williams was 31 years old when he was found naked, dead in his own bathtub in Pimlico, just a few minutes walk away from Britain s Houses of Parliament.Speculation has been rife ever since his death in September 2010 about the circumstances surrounding his death. A Metropolitan Police investigation revealed predictably, though suspiciously, that Mr Williams  death was  probably an accident . This was despite an initial inquest concluding that his death was  unnatural and likely to have been criminally mediated. Since then the unexplained death has been the subject of investigation by the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). The BBC reported as early as December 2010 that Mr Williams had been on secondment from Britain s signals intelligence operation GCHQ to MI6, and then subsequently to the United States  National Security Agency.The Sun reports that Williams had  dug out the guestlist for an event the former American president was going to as a favour for a pal. The Murdoch-owned paper reports:The Sun on Sunday can reveal that voicemail messages Mr Williams left for family and pals were deleted in the days after his death. And a rival agent may also have broken into the flat to destroy or remove evidence.The inquest was barred from discussing Mr Williams s work in public. But sources say he was helping on the joint monitoring network Echelon, which uses sophisticated programs to eavesdrop on terrorists and criminal gangs, particularly those in Russia. A source said:  The Clinton diary hack came at a time when Williams s work with America was of the most sensitive nature. It was a diplomatic nightmare for Sir John Sawers, the new director of MI6 at the time. Insiders claim Mr Williams, who had been given a second passport with a fresh identity, was also getting fed up with living a secret life. He is said to have loathed his spy training after having his wrist broken during one hardcore session. Mr Williams, a keen cyclist originally from Anglesey, North Wales, died shortly after returning from a hacking conference in America.He had been to see a drag queen show by himself two days before he was last seen alive, on August 15, 2010.Eight days later his naked body was found folded into the 32in by 19in bag placed in the bath of his flat in Pimlico, central London.His mobile phone and sim cards were laid out on a table. The last computer evidence of him being alive showed him looking at a cycling website.A number of theories exist about Mr William s death, including that of a scorned ex-lover, a  Kremlin car  driving past his house, and some bizarre sexual fantasies that Mr Williams may have played out and taken too far.Mr Williams had no alcohol or drugs in his system when he was found, and the inquest found that he would not have been able to seal himself in the bag alone.The Metropolitan Police refused to comment on the new revelations that Mr Clinton s security details may have been breached by Mr Williams. Via: Breitbart News Originally posted on Aug. 30, 2015",0
14714,GERMAN RESIDENTS FIGHT BACK: Anti-Islamic Song With No Words Knocks Adele Off Top Spot,"Apparently these Germans are not interested in becoming another Sweden A wordless anti-Islamist hymn knocked chart-buster Adele off the top of the charts in Germany.A wordless hymn by the anti-Islamic group Pegida called  Together we re strong  has knocked pop diva Adele off the top of the Amazon singles chart.The song has been available to buy on Amazon since December 21st and has been among the top 100 best selling singles for four days.German media picked up on the songs emerging success on Tuesday when it was still at number 26 in the chart. Die Welt reported that despite widespread ridicule, the hymn, which contains no words, was selling well.Since then it has leaped up to overtake Adele s hit single  Hello. It has also jumped above successful German recording artists Robin Schulz and Sido, who have been knocked down to places three and four, respectively.On YouTube the hymn has also clocked up over 100,000 views so far. However, most of the commentaries underneath ridicule it for its banality.A PEGIDA activist put video of the German anti-Islamist protester to the hymn by Peggy Sounds,  Germainsam Sind Wir Stark.   Via: Local h/t Gateway Pundit",0
14715,TRUTH! Donald Trump: ‘Clinton Created ISIS With Obama’ [Video],It s about time someone called this what it is. The foreign policy in the Obama regime has created ISIS. ,0
14716,Uh Oh! Obama Returns From Vacation ‘Fired Up’ For His Last Year In Office,"This last year could be the most devastating year for America with Obama s attempt at  tackling unfinished business . Gun control, closing GITMO and so many other things Obama s got in store for us. While Congress does absolutely nothing! Please remember this and vote accordingly!HONOLULU (AP)   President Barack Obama is returning to the rancor of the nation s capital after two weeks of fun and sun in his native Hawaii, saying he s  fired up  for his final year in office and ready to tackle unfinished business.At the top of Obama s priority list is executive action that is expected to expand when background checks are required for gun purchases. Obama is meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch on Monday to discuss a three-month review of what actions he could take to help reduce gun violence.The actions, which are staunchly opposed by Republicans and likely to spark a legal fight, underscore Obama s desire to keep up an aggressive agenda in 2016, even as the public s attention shifts to the presidential election.Obama spent much of his vacation out of the public eye, playing golf with friends and dining out on the island of Oahu with his family. He also worked on his final State of the Union address, scheduled for Jan. 12.The address to Congress is a high-profile opportunity for the president to try to reassure the public about his national security stewardship after the terrorism attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, California. Advisers say Obama will also look for other opportunities to keep security issues at the forefront as he tries to ease Americans  concerns.Despite his deep differences with Republicans, Obama has cited two agenda items for 2016 that have bipartisan support: a free trade agreement with 11 other nations called the Trans-Pacific Partnership and changes in the criminal justice system that would reduce incarceration rates for nonviolent offenders. He often points out that the U.S. accounts for 5 percent of the world s population and 25 percent of its inmates.Read more: AP",0
14717,UAW BULLIES Print Names Of Non-Members In Right-To-Work State [VIDEO],"This should come as no surprise to anyone who has watched these thugs in action. There is no line the union bosses won t cross to keep the unions dues flowing .The list, obtained by the 7 Investigators, is creating a stir among current and ex-union members in southeast Michigan.The Warren chapter of the UAW, Local 412, appears to publicly shame those opting out of the union   listing 43 workers who,  choose not to pay their fair share. Paying members are encouraged to virtually shun them, the union saying,  do not share any tools, knowledge or support for any of these employees. Here s a little sample (video below) of MI union workers and how they bully and harass anyone who tries to prevent them from forcing workers from joining. This video was taken in Lansing, MI prior to the passage of the Right-To-Work legislation. Leisa and I (Patty) were present at this event when these bullies spent days walking around threatening anyone who opposed them. They knocked over our podium and cut down banners on the stairs leading up to the State Capitol that we reserved. Male union members physically and verbally assaulted us and even went so far as to cut down the tent that AFP rented with several people inside, including a disabled woman with an oxygen tank. Critics say the union is,  Trying to use co-workers to peer pressure [them] to pay the union,  says Vincent Vernuccio with the Mackinac Center for Public Policy.  We ve seen other locals use it. Its just simply intimidation and bullying. Local 412 has a different take on this. They say its simply informational.In the letter, the chapter claims the list is to make sure those ex-members are barred from events and other benefits.The president of Local 412 didn t answer our calls for comment.One of those ex-members singled out in bold by the union is Robert Patchett. In an interview with 7 Action News, he said he feels like he has a  target on my back. He says a number of union workers have visited his office inquiring about him since the December list came out and he fears what that may mean. Via: WXYZ",0
14718,If Your Biological Plumbing Doesn’t Match Sign On Door You’ll Have To Use Another Bathroom If This Bill Passes,"PC is killing our country. This is called fighting back While counterculture crackpots are working themselves into a lather over the prospect that, in some places, men who think that they re women can go tinkle in the same restroom where a 6-year-old girl is pulling down her panties, one state legislator has decided that it might be time to push back.Indiana State Sen. Jim Tomes, who probably accepts basic biology and believes that people born with a penis are male, proposed a bill that would make it a Class A misdemeanor for trannies to use a bathroom that doesn t correspond to their birth gender.Last week, Tomes uttered the following line that s sure to ignite tempers among the social justice mob:  If you were born a man, then you are obliged to use the males  restroom. What s next? A hereditary monarchy?Anyone convicted of a Class A misdemeanor could face a year in prison and as much as a $5,000 fine.It should be noted, though, that the language in the legislation makes exceptions for janitors, first aid providers, and parents accompanying children under the age of 8.The bill does, however, cover schools. So if it passes and Little Boy Twinkletoes decides that he needs to use the girls  locker room after gym class, then he s facing charges.Indiana saw some action in the culture war last year when the state passed a religious freedom law. That law was widely opposed by American liberals, who hate religious freedom.Via: DownTrend",0
14719,ANDREW BREITBART Warned Us The Occupy Wall Street Movement Would Morph Into An Orchestrated Race War [VIDEO]," No One Listened We had many chances to expose this freak show when it started, but Americans allowed the Left to bully us into submission for fear of being labeled a  racist It s important to understand this  movement  comprised of domestic terrorists and their motives. Please read this story to the end.Here is Andrew Breitbart s warning to Americans just before he died:Why is Breitbart News so on top of the Black Lives Matter movement?Easy. We saw it coming.Not everyone liked what we saw either. In August 2012, the magazine American Conservative did an article on the film Occupy Unmasked. That film was directed by Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon and featured people like Andrew Breitbart, Brandon Darby, and myself exposing the Occupy Wall Street movement for what it was   a socialist, Obama-inspired activist movement. We pointed out that Occupy was the latest incarnation of the far-left, anti-American protest movements that dates back to the 1960s  Students for a Democratic Society and Black Panthers. We also said that the next step in the evolution of Occupy Wall Street would be race-based.Breitbart News has given #BlackLivesMatter more detailed, deep, and honest coverage than any other media outlet on the planet in 2015, and for good reason. From covering every major protest they did to exposing the cop killer that the group worships to revealing the secret funder behind the movement to Milo Yiannopoulos s complete shredding of activist Shaun King, Breitbart News has been the go-to source for original reporting on Black Lives Matter.American Conservative took the film to task for using the term  race war  to describe what we saw as the next phase of the Occupy movement. Remember, Occupy Unmasked came out about a year before three self-described queer black women started Black Lives Matter in July 2013. In 2012, Anita MonCrief was mocked by American Conservative when she defended her use of the term  race war  in Occupy Unmasked by saying:But seriously, that s why you have Barack Obama out there saying if he had a son, he would look like Trayvon Martin.   they want black people running around in hoodies protesting in the streets. That s what he s looking for.   He wants us divided, and he wants us to fight in the streets, so they can basically keep us down.MonCrief said this two years before the hoodie-wearing thugs burned down Ferguson, before they looted and set fire to Baltimore, before they shut down Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% at NetRoots nation, and before they shut down Chicago s  Magnificent Mile  on the busiest shopping day of the year.Anita Moncrief is an amazing patriot who doesn t get enough credit for exposing the truth about the Left. Watch her shocking testimony of how she became a conservative warrior here:The assertion that Occupy Wall Street would morph into Black Lives Matter wasn t a lucky guess. MonCrief, Darby, and I are all former leftists with professional organizational experience. Anita was a whistleblower who worked for ACORN, Darby was a cofounder of Common Ground in New Orleans, and I did work for MoveOn.org and Brave New Films. Because we understand the tactics and the players, it was clear to us that the Occupy movement and its focus on class had failed to resonate with a large enough segment of the American people. We knew that the logical next step was to head back to the 1960s  playbook of trying to tear down America by creating as deep a racial rift as possible.With Barack Obama in the White House and Eric Holder running the Department of Justice, the stage was set for the next iteration of the Occupy Wall Street movement. Black Lives Matter was the new Occupy.We also saw that community organizers were working on developing a new movement based on young black people in the wake of George Zimmerman s not guilty verdict in the Trayvon Martin shooting case. As I wrote at Breitbart News in July 2013, the takeover of the Florida statehouse by the group Dream Defenders was a  magnet for young people. The long-term goal is straightforward and explicit: the 2014 vote. Once in the Capitol, the Dream Defenders are giving the enthusiastic participants organizer training, right in the governor s office. With two generations of educators, media, and legal experts all schooled in New Left political correctness by America s leading universities, the Black Lives Matter movement has been essentially immune to criticism. The result has left universities, businesses, and police departments defenseless   intellectually and physically   against Black Lives Matter.There s been a practical cost as well. We ve seen businesses burned to the ground in Ferguson and Baltimore. We ve seen other businesses shut down at the Mall of America and on Chicago s  Magnificent Mile.  We ve seen the murder rate spike in cities across the country as a result of the  Ferguson Effect  that has caused police officers to pull back from enforcing the law in the face of unrelenting hostility and scrutiny.We ve seen universities from coast-to-coast bullied into staff firings and policy changes that were meant to only aid black students. These college uprisings have been accompanied by a fierce hatred of free speech; and when combined with the bold aggressiveness of multicultural and feminist Social Justice Warriors, they ve created an educational environment that is openly hostile to white students and faculty.With the next presidential election only 11 months away, conservatives and Republicans would be making a huge mistake to ignore the Black Lives Matter movement.At the close of 2015, the pot is getting ready to boil over. The decision not to prosecute Cleveland police officers in the shooting death of 12-year-old Tamir Rice, the ongoing anger in Minneapolis over the death of Jamar Clark, and two recent Chicago police shootings all create an atmosphere where even angier protests are in the works.Already, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and his Democrat machine regard Black Lives Matter activists as an existential threat.The engine that drives the anger is the mainstream media, which has done nothing to seriously vet the Black Lives Matter movement. Much of the anger is caused by the inaccurate reporting that consistently vilifies the police and leaves out key details about the shooting victims. This has led to fables such as  Hands Up, Don t Shoot,  which have continued to be amplified and repeated by Black Lives Matter protesters long after they have been debunked.In fact, one of the key characteristics of the Black Lives Matter movement and the mainstream media s reporting on it is a naked antipathy for facts. Both in real life and on social media like Twitter, leading Black Lives Matter activists are known for shutting down the speech of dissenting opinions and literally blocking anyone who disagrees with them.The result has been a hermetically sealed activist movement that is angry and ignorant, with a hairtrigger temper and a long list of grievances that have no factual basis. Worse, their set of crazed demands have been granted time and again by officials who are too scared to speak out for fear of being branded racists.Like spoiled children, none of this appeasement has done anything to quell the protesters  fury. Every time that politicians or university administrators have given into the outrageous, entitled Black Lives Matter mob, they ve learned that feeding that monster has only given it more power to make more demands.In the face of all this feckless kowtowing, no wonder the blunt and in-your-face style of billionaire Donald Trump has hit home for so many Americans. Trump   like Ronald Reagan in the 1960s   seems to be one of the few people in public life willing to tell Black Lives Matter protesters to sit down, shut up, and stop taking the loser road of self-victimization.This is one of the reasons that Donald Trump, more than any other political candidate on the scene right now, has incurred so much of the wrath and anger of Black Lives Matter. They are keenly aware that he simply will not play their game. The other current frontrunner for the Republican nomination is Texas Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)97% , who has already demonstrated that he is no cupcake either. Should either Cruz or Trump be the nominee, expect Black Lives Matter s army to take to the streets and try to shut them down at every opportunity.For that reason, the current political season is set to be even more divisive than either of the last two election cycles, which had already set a very high bar for vitriol.As the newest incarnation of the activist Left, Black Lives Matter will not back down or rest until it is either stopped by somone gutsy enough to call them out or until it gets what it wants: a bloody revolution leading to a socialist/anarchist America.The one thing the left has not counted on, however, is a dogged, active conservative media culture that can bring real information straight to the American people without being filtered by Black Lives Matter s journalism school comrades. We re not about to let Black Lives Matter or any leftist revolutionary movement destroy America without making sure they re fully revealed for what they are. Via: Breitbart News",0
14720,"Serial Plagiarist Does Victory Dance Over White People Dying, Trump Can’t Save You!","White people the only lives that DON T matter. Imagine the outrage if he were taking a victory lap over a study showing Muslims dying in increasing numbers Citing a study that shows Middle American whites are dying in increasing numbers, like a twisted and bitter eugenicist, serial-plagiarist Fareed Zakaria doesn t even attempt to contain his glee. By painting those who are supposedly dying as useless, drug-addicted ragers, he paints a picture of a weak, angry, and ultimately stupid ethnic group getting what it deserves.If this were any other group, Zakaria would not be using the pages of the Washington Post for a victory dance. Instead, he would be launching an emotional blackmail campaign to cure this  epidemic  with hundreds of billions of federal dollars. Like most of the elite media, though, Zakaria despises Middle America, so he joyously assumes the study is accurate and bloodlessly screams  Told You So! The headline says it all:  America s Self-Destructive Whites,  and naturally the opening paragraph contains the words  Donald  and  Trump. Why is Middle America killing itself? The fact itself is probably the most important social science finding in years. It is already reshaping American politics. The Post s Jeff Guo notes that the people who make up this cohort are  largely responsible for Donald Trump s lead in the race for the Republican nomination for president. What does this  epidemic  mean to Zakaria?That it s time for compassion?Time for government action?Time for understanding?No. It means  more rage  from creepy Middle America:The key question is why, and exploring it provides answers that suggest that the rage dominating U.S. politics will only get worse.Zakaria hints that the study s numbers are a tad shaky, but that doesn t stop him from doing a happy dance around the fact that Middle America s Got It Coming .The main causes of death are as striking as the fact itself: suicide, alcoholism, and overdoses of prescription and illegal drugs.  People seem to be killing themselves, slowly or quickly,  Deaton told me. These circumstances are usually caused by stress, depression and despair.Middle America s a Bunch of Wussies .A conventional explanation for this middle-class stress and anxiety is that globalization and technological change have placed increasing pressures on the average worker in industrialized nations. But the trend is absent in any other Western country   it s an exclusively American phenomenon. And the United States is actually relatively insulated from the pressures of globalization, having a vast, self-contained internal market.Stupid Middle America Should Stop Voting Against the Welfare State Deaton speculated to me that perhaps Europe s more generous welfare state might ease some of the fears associated with the rapid change.Middle America s Spoiled By White Privilege [O]ther groups might not expect that their income, standard of living and social status are destined to steadily improve. They don t have the same confidence that if they work hard, they will surely get ahead. In fact, Rouse said that after hundreds of years of slavery, segregation and racism, blacks have developed ways to cope with disappointment and the unfairness of life[.]They do not assume that the system is set up for them. They try hard and hope to succeed, but they do not expect it as the norm.Donald Trump Can t Save You!Mwuh, huh, huh, huh Donald Trump has promised that he will change this and make them win again. But he can t. No one can. And deep down, they know it. Via: Breitbart News",0
14721,#BlackLivesMatter Terrorists Disrupt Chicago Diners In Lame Attempt To Gain Sympathy,We re thinking it s having the opposite effect. Maybe it s time for a food fight  The Black Lives Matter terrorist began harassing unsuspecting patrons this morning at Dove s Diner on Wicker Road in Chicago.https://twitter.com/ZachStafford/status/682994134395793410h/t Gateway Pundit,0
14722,Desperation? The Clinton Grifters Go Back On The Campaign Trail,"The World Class Grifters aka The Clintons are going on the road to  campaign. Does anyone else smell desperation? Can Hillary not stand on her own two feet? Bill is also known as Slick Willy so perhaps Hillary s thinking everyone forgot his sexcapades while in office. This could make for some great political theatre Ol  Bubba is the gift that keeps on giving. Just when he thought it was safe to hit the road again, Hillary reminds a new generation of voters why wise and prudent men lock up their wives and daughters when Bubba s in the neighborhoodShe has dispatched Bubba to campaign for her next week in New Hampshire. Bubba knows how to do politics   there s nobody better   and Hillary, who s a whiz at squeezing boodle from contributors with payback on their minds, hasn t a clue. When she occasionally has a good week, she follows the next with a blunder.Bubba has stepped forward in recent days to take over the retail end of the family business, and was looking forward to doing what he does best. But he forgot to put a leash and a muzzle on Hillary, who decided it was a good time to take on Donald Trump. Not a good idea.She was offended by the Donald s coarseness and rudeness, forgetting who was talking. She pretended to be shocked by the Donald s locker-room swagger, and specifically his mockery of her campaign prowess against Barack Obama in 2008.  She was going to beat Obama,  the Donald had told a crowd in Grand Rapids.  She was going to beat   she was favored to win   and she got schlonged. She lost.  It s not clear whether the lady was offended by the reminder of how she squandered that opportunity, or by his use of obscure Yiddish slang for a man s most precious junk.Nevertheless, the first lady who frequently turned the White House air blue with her muleskinner language played the delicate-flower card as defender of women against the Donald and the Republican  war on women. Read more: WT",0
14723,OBAMA AND DOJ’S RADICAL DIRECTOR To Meet Monday On Gun Control Executive Action,"When Loretta Lynch was confirmed as the new Director of the DOJ, it was clear that our Senate had once again caved to the radical agenda of the Obama administration. Lynch is nothing more than Eric Holder in a dress. So now we have a power grab on gun control that could have been predicted because Lord knows Obama needs to fulfill his agenda on everything before leaving office. Bottom line is that our Senate failed us Blame them for this mess because it could have been avoided.President Barack Obama will meet Monday with Attorney General Loretta Lynch to discuss options for tougher gun restrictions and is expected to announce in the coming days a new executive action with the goal of expanding background checks on gun sales.Described as  imminent  by people familiar with the White House plans, the set of executive actions would fulfill a promise by the President to take further unilateral steps the administration says could help curb gun deaths.Plans for the action are not yet complete, and those familiar with the process warn that unforeseen circumstances could delay an announcement. But gun control advocates are expecting the new actions to be revealed next week, ahead of Obama s annual State of the Union address, set for January 12.The White House wouldn t comment directly on the exact timing or content of Obama s executive orders. White House spokesman Eric Schultz said that the President expected a set of recommendations on unilateral action to arrive at the beginning of the year.Plans began to become clearer on New Year s Day with a White House announcement accompanying Obama s weekly address that on Monday the president would meet with Lynch. Change, as always, is going to take all of us,  Obama said in his weekly address.  The gun lobby is loud and well organized in its defense of effortlessly available guns for anyone. The rest of us are going to have to be just as passionate and well organized in our defense of our kids. That s the work of citizenship   to stand up and fight for the change that we seek. Read more: cnn",0
14724,DISGRACEFUL: US Air Force Can No Longer Afford 21-Gun Salute At Vet Funerals…Plenty Of Funds For Muslim Immigrants,"We can t afford to give our US Veterans a proper funeral, but we ve got money to burn when it comes to bringing Muslim refugees to the US from countries who hate us. On average, each Middle Eastern refugee resettled in the United States costs an estimated $64,370 in the first five years, or $257,481 per household. When a veteran or member of the armed forces dies, he or she is entitled to a ceremony that includes the presentation of a U.S. flag to a family member and a bugler blowing Taps. Most of the time, there is a three-volley rifle salute if requested by family members. But now, if the deceased served in the Air Force, the three-volley salute is not an option because the Air Force can no longer support riflemen for funeral services for veteran retirees.Seven member services for retirees included six members to serve as pall-bearers, a six member flag-folding detail, and a three riflemen to fire the salute. Veteran s funerals now only receive the services of two-member teams, who provide a flag-folding ceremony, the playing of taps, and the presentation of the flag to the next of kin. To me, without the 21-gun salute, it just does not make it complete a proper military burial,  veteran Wayne Wakeman told Honolulu s KHON 2 News.  I think because of sequestration or the lack of funds or whatever excuse they re giving, that they had to hit the veterans. Wakeman is correct in supposing the cut is due to sequestration, the 2013 automatic federal spending cuts required by the Budget Control Act of 2011.Rose Richeson, from the Secretary of the Air Force s Public Affairs Press Desk, told We Are The Mighty the policy of restricting the funeral honor is an Air Force-wide requirement. The requirement is consistent with DoD policy which require a minimum of two personnel,  Richeson said.  Any number of personnel above two that is provided in support of military funeral honors is based on local resources available.  Via: FOX News",0
14725,HOUSE DEMOCRATS MAKE STUNNING Move To Implement Sharia Law In America,"While US citizens are outraged over the removal of Christ from pretty much every aspect of our lives, including Christmas, Democrat members of Congress are working fast and furiously to implement America s first Sharia Law...If they get their way  They will be stripping us of our basic rights, and we need to be prepared for their TERRIFYING hope and get Americans aware of what is happening!On December 17, Democrat Congressmen quietly sponsored House Resolution 569, a resolution that asks lawmakers to condemn  violence, bigotry, and hateful rhetoric towards Muslims in the United States.  The resolution specifically mentions Muslims, no other religious groups, and will serve as a test by which further criminalizing of  Islamophobia  may be introduced.Democrats have shamelessly lumped together  hate speech  with  violence  in an effort to compare criticism of Islam to physically harming Muslims. H. Res. 569 threatens to restrict our right to even report facts that tarnish Islam s reputation, a law that all Sharia-governed countries already have in place.According to Congress.gov, the resolution reads: Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the House of Representatives denounces in the strongest terms the increase of hate speech, intimidation, violence, vandalism, arson, and other hate crimes targeted against mosques, Muslims, or those perceived to be Muslim; urges local and Federal law enforcement authorities to work to prevent hate crimes; and to prosecute to the fullest extent of the law those perpetrators of hate crimes Muslims are slaughtering innocent people more than any other religious groups combined, all while refusing as a whole to condemn this barbaric Islamic terrorism, yet we are working to ensure these silent, consenting  moderates  have special protection   protection that they have never allowed religious minorities in their own countries.In another passage, Democrats laughably purport that Muslims have contributed to the fabric of American society, but we re assuming they don t mean terrorist attacks on U.S. soil, countless frivolous CAIR lawsuits, whitewashed Islamic education in public schools, or whining about pork products and a lack of taxpayer-funded prayer rooms. Whereas this Muslim community is recognized as having made innumerable contributions to the cultural and economic fabric and well-being of United States society  Still, the bill is purposefully vague in that it mentions prosecuting the perpetrators of  hate speech,  yet gives no definition for what it considers hate speech. Of course, we who have spoken out about the intolerant fundamentals of Islam understand that this means uttering anything critical of Islam or its followers, regardless of facts or relevance to the Quran.In conclusion, the bill ridiculously compares criticizing Islam as a violation of Muslims   civil rights,  as if disagreeing or even openly mocking someone s beliefs is unconstitutional. Our forefathers had exactly political and religious mockery in mind when they penned our amendments, having experience the violation of limited speech and worship by their own King George III.Indeed, free speech was never intended to defend inoffensive speech, because inoffensive speech needs no protection. Freedom of speech is solely for the offensive, meant to prevent those who would limit it because of their opposing beliefs. Via: RWN",0
14726,"IS A REVOLUTION COMING? Former Congressman Throws Down Gauntlet On Obama’s Executive Gun Grab: “It’s War, Defy His Executive Actions”","Spoken like a true American Former Congressman Joe Walsh tweeted on Thursday,  On Monday, Obama, on his own, to go after guns. It s war. Defy his executive actions. Time for Civil disobedience. Walsh, who is now a radio host on AM 560 The Answer in Chicago linked to a CNN article that announced that President Obama is expected to take new executive action on guns in order to expand background checks on firearm sales.On Monday, Obama, on his own, to go after guns. It's war. Defy his executive actions. Time for Civil disobedience. https://t.co/DasTdwv9EQ  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) December 31, 2015The Obama administration s  imminent  announcement comes ahead of the January 12th State of the Union address. Obama s executive actions would further his unilateral steps of gun control.Via: Daily Callerh/t Weasel Zippers",0
14727,SHAMELESS! Hillary Clinton Throws Benghazi Families Under The Bus,"Hillary Clinton s pointing the finger at the victims of the Benghazi attack the families of the four heroes who died there. She says,  not me  when asked who s lying about Benghazi. I have to say with Hillary s track record of telling some big whoppers, I d say I believe the Benghazi families. How about you?Hillary Clinton insists that if anyone is lying about the aftermath of the 2012 Benghazi terror attacks that left four Americans dead, it s  not me. More than three years after the fires inside a U.S. diplomatic compound in the Libyan port city died down, the political heat is intensifying again   with Clinton facing tough questions along her road to the White House.The Daily Sun, a newspaper in rural Conway, New Hampshire, hosted an editorial board meeting with Clinton on Wednesday. Columnist Tom McLaughlin recounted for her the claims of victims  family members who said she had told them a crude Internet video that mocked the Islamic faith was responsible for inciting the attackers who killed their loved ones.Clinton has denied making any such statement, despite the accounts of four people. One, the father of a slain CIA security contractor, took written notes of her words. Somebody is lying,  McLaughlin told her Wednesday.  Who is it? Not me, that s all I can tell you,  Clinton replied, casting blame on the families.Read more: UK Daily Mail",0
14728,No Kidding! Senator John McCain And Hillary Went Head To Head In A Drinking Contest [Video],"Who even admits to doing this? I have to say that I just don t believe it. If it is true, I have to question the sanity of both of these people. It s not even the least bit funny except for result they called a truce!Via: The HillDemocratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton says she once went head-to-head with Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) in a drinking contest. I haven t been in many [drinking contests], but the most famous one, I suppose is the one I engaged in with Sen. John McCain when he and I were on a congressional delegation and he kind of challenged me,  Clinton said in a video posted on her Facebook page Thursday. We have our political differences, but we sat there drinking vodka. Clinton said that no winner was declared   that both contestants agreed to pull out before things got out of control. We both I think agreed to withdraw in honorable fashion I think after having reached the limits that either of us should have had,  she said.// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Quick Question: Have you ever won a drinking competition?What happened when Hillary and John McCain went head-to-head in a drinking competition?Posted by Hillary Clinton on Thursday, 31 December 2015 ",0
14729,EVERY U.S. CITIZEN TAKEN HOSTAGE IN IRAN To Be Awarded Millions…With A Catch…Iran’s Not Paying…YOU Are!,"Just another slap in the face to US citizens. Our government arranges massive payments to hostages taken by the terrorist nation of Iran, as they walk away unscathed .A fund of over $1 billion has been created for the U.S. embassy personnel taken hostage by Iran after the 1979 Islamic Revolution, but it is the U.S. taxpayer, not Iran, who will be paying for it.The new fund, known as the  United States Victims of State Sponsors of Terrorism Fund,  was an addition to the omnibus bill put forward by Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama Dec. 28. As much as $4.4 million could go to each of the 52 Americans held by Iran, with another $600,000 going to each spouse and child of the victims. The provision authorizes $1.025 billion from the Department of the Treasury to be used to pay for the new fund. Additionally, the legislation includes a 25 percent cap on any attorney s fees, which could lead to as much as $250 million total going to lawyers of the various victims involved.The victims were taken hostage during Iran s Islamic Revolution led by former Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomeini. Hundreds of student protesters stormed the U.S. embassy in Tehran taking 52 U.S. personnel hostage for 444 days. Several months after the takeover, former President Jimmy Carter authorized Operation Eagle Claw, a rescue attempt by U.S. special operations forces which would later fail. The hostages would eventually be released after a lengthy negotiation process the day of President Ronald Reagan s inauguration in January, 1981. Victims of the embassy attack have been seeking compensation for their captivity for some time, but have been prevented from taking legal action against Iran. The 1981 Algiers Accords, the agreement which secured the release of the hostages, had a provision barring the victims from suing the Iranian government.  Iran is not paying the money, but it s as close as you can get,  says Thomas Lankford, an attorney for one of the victims, speaking to The Washington Post. Lankford refers to a clause in the new law which mandates that any money collected from the BNP Paribas scandal will be used for the new fund and the various 9/11 victim funds. The U.S. levied a fine of $9 billion on the French bank in June 2014 for its evasion of sanctions against countries like Iran, Cuba and North Korea.The staggering amount of compensation being paid to the victims is remarkably higher than the $262,000 suggested by the George W. Bush administration in 2003.  Some may be surprised that a fiscally conservative Republican-controlled Congress would authorize payments of more than $250 million from the U.S. Treasury to private attorneys, even on behalf of victims of terrorism deserving compensation,  writes attorney John Bellinger in the Lawfare blog. Via: Daily Caller ",0
14730,"WATCH FUNNIEST MAN In American Politics Ridicule Liberals, Atheists And Anti-American Jackasses","You don t want to miss this!Here s a little info about Joe Dan Gorman and his website, Intellectual Froglegs. You can find his website by clicking HERE. My name is Joe Dan Gorman, and you can blame me for Intellectual Froglegs. I created it, I write & produce it and I host it. So, it s pretty much my fault.In case you haven t seen it yet  the  basis  of Froglegs is to be covertly educational with humor, wicked cool graphics and classic tunage.And we re not following the media narrative or chasing the  media-driven outrage of the day - but we will talk about things that matter, from the historical to the hysterical.I have no allegiance to a political party my allegience is to God, truth and freedom . Oh, and funny stuff. LOLThe best part I get to ridicule liberals, atheists and other assorted anti-American jackasses. How fun.The most flattering compliment I get is when someone asks me to  thank my staff  but as far as the writing, editing, researching and production of the show  I m it. I also do all the website work.I ll steal jokes like a democrat, LOL Now  there is nothing more important than God, so I invite you to enjoy some of the cool videos ay my God, Science & History page. Nobody quite articulates the incomprehensibly massive power of God like a physicist. God of Wonders is one of my favorites.You can help Joe Dan who runs an AD-FREE website by donating here: DONATE BUTTON Look for regular installments of Joe Dan Gorman s videos on our website. We found his videos by chance and have fallen in love with his honest and ball-crushing humor. We feel blessed to call him our buddy and hope you will find him as refreshing and hysterical as we do.ENJOY!",0
14731,"FBI POSTS $5,000 REWARD For Person Who Committed “Hate Crime” With Bacon? [VIDEO]","Americans were warned by Attorney General, Loretta Lynch to not offend Muslims or they would pay a heavy price. Did anyone think she, or her boss were kidding? Barack Obama offends Christian Americans on a regular basis when will the FBI place a bounty on his head? The FBI is offering a $5,000 reward for information that helps them find the person who put raw bacon on the door handles of a Las Vegas mosque.The FBI said in a statement Wednesday that agents are trying to find the man seen in a surveillance video putting the meat on the entrances of the Masjid-e-Tawheed mosque. Authorities call it a desecration of the Islamic worship center.The Quran, the holy book of Islam, prohibits Muslims from eating pork, and pigs have been used to taunt or offend Muslims.Both the FBI and Las Vegas police say they re investigating the case as a possible hate crime.Las Vegas police spokesman Larry Hadfield said the bacon was wrapped on the door knobs, and was also found on the ground and fences.Officials at the mosque couldn t immediately be reached for comment.The FBI said the incident happened about 3:15 a.m. Dec. 27. The culprit is described as a white man wearing a dark blue hat, jacket and black-framed glasses. He had black or dark brown hair with long, thin sideburns.The site west of the Las Vegas Strip wasn t damaged, and no one was hurt. The mosque was empty at the time, and the case was reported by members who came to worship later that morning.Several threatening incidents at mosques have been reported in recent weeks. A Molotov cocktail went off at an Islamic center in Tracy, California, days ago, and a severed pig s head was found outside a Philadelphia worship site earlier this month. Via: APThe vandalism, which is being called a hate crime, has left the Las Vegas Muslim community on edge, according to KSNV. ",0
14732,SWISS ARMY CHIEF WARNS CITIZENS About Explosive Refugee Situation: Tells Them To Arm Themselves,"Wouldn t it be great if we had someone in government who would take the import of thousands of Muslims from countries who hate us seriously?Swiss army chief Andr  Blattmann warned, in a Swiss newspaper article on Sunday, the risks of social unrest in Europe are soaring. Recalling the experience of 1939/1945, Blattman fears the increasing aggression in public discourse is an explosively hazardous situation, and advises the Swiss people to arm themselves and warns that the basis for Swiss prosperity is  being called into question. Even though Switzerland has not been involved in an armed conflict since a standoff between Catholics and Protestants in 1847, the Swiss are very serious not only about their right to own weapons but also to carry them around in public. Because of this general acceptance and even pride in gun ownership, nobody bats an eye at the sight of a civilian riding a bus, bike or motorcycle to the shooting range, with a rifle slung across the shoulder.As Deutsche Wirtschafts Nachrichten reports, speaking on the record for the first time since the November Paris terror attacks, Blattmann told the paper that despite a rise in security incidents over the past two years Switzerland s means of defence were being reduced.The situation is growing increasingly risky, Blattman begins. The threat of terror is rising, hybrid wars are being fought around the globe; the economic outlook is gloomy and the resulting migration flows of displaced persons and refugees have assumed unforeseen dimensions. Social unrest can not be ruled out , the vocabulary in public discourse will  dangerously aggressive. The mixture is increasingly unappetizing  Blattmann sees the basis of Swiss prosperity,  has long been once again called into question. He recalls the situation around the two world wars in the last century and advises Switzerland, to arm themselves.Via: Zero Hedge ",0
14733,WOW! Sarah Palin’s Stunning AZ Vacation Home Goes On Market [PHOTOS],"It would be great if  her former running mate, Senator John McCain would make this his retirement home like NOW! Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin has put her luxury Arizona mansion on the market for $2.5million.The six-bedroom estate, which boasts its own private heated swimming pool and spa, is located in acres of equestrian grounds in ScottsdaleThe luxury home offers six and a half bathrooms one of which includes a huge, circular tub in opulent surroundingsThe six-bedroom estate, which boasts its own private heated swimming pool and spa, lighted sports court and even a wine cellar, is located in acres of equestrian grounds in Scottsdale. Behind a private gated entrance, the 7971sq ft home showcases includes 6.5 bathrooms, a six car garage and offers stunning mountain views from virtually every room.Built in Santa Barbara/Tuscan Spanish style, the home is decorated to match with dark wood fixtures and marble style tilesThe room offers plenty of space for entertaining, whether that be family, friends or even the next political campaignBehind a private gated entrance, the brick home s porch is surrounded by cacti and vegetation to match its Arizona surroundingsThe 2008 GOP vice presidential candidate bought the property in 2011 for $1.7 million.The colorful basketball court, which can also be used for other sports such as tennis, can we used late into the night thanks to its set of floodlightsThe two-story house has six bedrooms, six-and-a-half bathrooms and plenty of indoor and outdoor space to entertain Inside the home is finished to a high standard with luxury fittings, fireplaces, chandeliers, soaring ceilings and a media theater Via: Daily Mail",0
14734,TRUMP Destroys NBC Anchor On Clinton/Lewinsky Scandal: It was Not ‘Alleged’… You Don’t have to Use the Word ‘Alleged’ [Video],This is great! I love how Trump destroys Savannah Guthrie on every point. ,0
14735,HOLLYWEIRD LIB SUSAN SARANDON Compares Muslim Refugees To Jesus’ Family,"There are two small problems with your analogy Susan  Jesus was NOT a Muslim and Joseph traveled to Bethlehem with Mary. For anyone who s not paying attention there don t appear to be many female refugees accompanying male Muslim  refugees  to Greece.Susan Sarandon spent the Christmas holiday on the Greek island of Lesbos assisting international organizations with the mounting Syrian refugee crisis   a crisis, she says, that recalls the travails of Joseph and Mary on their way to the Inn in Bethlehem.In a column for the Huffington Post and RYOT, the 69-year-old Oscar-winning actress described meeting a 16-year-old girl who had apparently given birth shortly before arriving on the island. I smile and approach her, but without a translator, our conversation is basic-friendly,  Sarandon wrote of her experience.  She takes the bundle next to her and opens it to me. Inside is a perfect, rosy, newborn. The actress continues:She is beaming, so proud. How did this young girl, just having given birth, manage that trip at sea? How did she do all that walking? Where did she give birth?Wasn t Mary just a kid too when she and Joseph took to the road? So far, there is no manger for this Syrian baby, no room at the inn.Sarandon s short column is part of a new collaborative series with the Huffington Post and the  virtual reality  network RYOT called The Crossing, which will see the actress host a series of reports  chronicling the refugee crisis as it unfolds in Greece. The actress also criticized the political discourse surrounding the refugee crisis in the United States:  It seemed like people who had the loudest voices were the most xenophobic and un-American,  she said.Sarandon isn t the only actor to have visited the Greek island to assist international aid efforts for refugees; Homeland star Mandy Patinkin recently spent time there assisting the International Rescue Committee after wrapping production on the fifth season of the hit Showtime drama. Via: Breitbart News",0
14736,BREAKING: New CA Law Will Allow Cops To Confiscate Legally Owned Guns,"The drip drip drip of communism in the leftist state of California A new California law scheduled to take effect Friday will allow the police to seize private, legally-owned weapons for up to three weeks without charges or allowing the citizen to contest the seizure.AB1014 was passed last year in the wake of 2014 s Isla Vista shooting, where teenager Elliot Rodger went on a rampage near the campus of the University of California, Santa Barbara, killing six people along with himself.Rodger s parents had reported him to the police prior to the shooting, concerned about his mental health and rants he posted online. But after meeting with Rodger, police decided he wasn t a criminal risk, and consequently didn t search his apartment, where he was stockpiling weapons and ammunition.The new law is intended to stop such a situation from re-occurring. Under the law, a judge has the power to grant a restraining order telling police to seize a person s guns, based solely on accounts from family members or police that the person is poses an imminent danger to others. The restraining order can be granted without the affected person knowing it exists or being allowed time to contest it.Under the law, the factors a judge can consider in granting the restraining order include not only threats of violence, but also prior felony arrests (even without a conviction), evidence of alcohol abuse, and even the simple act of recently purchasing a gun or ammunition.Once granted, police can use the restraining order to confiscate all of a person s guns and ammunition, and the person is also barred from buying or possessing guns and ammo for the duration of the order. A full court hearing must then be heard within three weeks. At that hearing, a judge will be able to extend the restraining order for an entire year. The law gives us a vehicle to cause the person to surrender their weapons, to have a time out, if you will,  Los Angeles Police Department Assistant Chief Michael Moore told Southern California Public Radio.  It allows further examination of the person s mental state. The law expands on California gun laws that are already some of the country s toughest. Police already have the power to seize a person s guns if a licensed therapist informs them that the person s mental state makes them a danger to themselves or others. Via: Daily Caller ",0
14737,OBAMA PROMISED No Vacations If Elected So Check Out Your Tab For This Big Lie [Video],"During Obama s campaigning in 2008, he spoke of his total devotion to the job as president if elected. One of the things he said he would give up is vacations. Well, we now know that was one of many, many big lies Obama s told since day one of his presidency. Not only has Obama vacationed, he s vacationed in lavish style racking up HUGE tabs compliments of the American taxpayer. Just listen to the video below from 2008 and know that he s lying through his teeth:When he was a candidate for president in 2008, Barack Obama said during an interview that as the occupant of the Oval Office his vacations, his leisure, even his need for sleep, would be gone in a dedication to the American people that such a position requires.Then he had American taxpayers spend in excess of $70 million on his   vacations.The comment he made came during an interview with New York Times columnist Bob Herbert. It was recorded in 2008 but apparently not published online until 2012.In context, Obama said,  You have to understand that if you seek that office, you have to be prepared to give your life to it. Essentially the burden that any president, I think, strikes, with the American people is, um, you give me this office and in turn my, fears, doubts, insecurities, foibles, need for sleep, family life, vacations, leisure is gone. I am giving myself to you. He continued,  The American people should have no patience for whatever is going through your head because you ve got a job to do. How I think about it is, um, that you don t make that decision unless you are prepared to make that sacrifice   that bargain. And he noted,  I think what s difficult and important for somebody like myself, who has a wonderful forbearing wife, and two gorgeous young children, is that they end up having to make some of those sacrifices, too.  However, the partial expenses for taxpayers even before the Obama family s extended and lavish vacation in Hawaii over the 2015 Christmas holiday, and the vacations for Vice President Joe Biden and his family, totaled $70,563,336.75, according the Washington watchdog Judicial Watch, which has been keeping tabs on the president s vacationing.Total costs are simply not available because some security-related expenses never are released. But a significant part of the costs are the taxpayer-funded jet travel for the Obama family.Only a few weeks ago, Judicial Watch said,  You may want to sit down for this one. We have new records from the U.S. Department of the Air Force revealing that Barack Obama and family had a busy 2015, vacationing on the American taxpayers  dime. The unnecessary travel included an Obama Palm Springs golf trip in June, a trip to New York City in July and a family trip to Martha s Vineyard in August   all of which cost taxpayers $3,115,688.70 in travel expenses alone. The documents regarding the Obama travel expenses came in response to three Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, the first was filed on June 30, 2015, the second on July 23, 2015, and the third on August 24, 2015. The report said the June 20 golf outing for Obama to Palm Springs required 10.6 hours of flying time, costing taxpayers $2.1 million. Then a July 18 outing for Obama and his daughters to New York cost $309,000. And the Obama family s August trip to Martha s Vineyard cost taxpayers about $620,000 in flight time alone.Separate security costs include the salaries and expenses of the various Secret Service and other teams that the government provides. For example, during his annual Hawaii getaway over Christmas going on now, an ambulance remains on stand-by while Obama vacations.Reported Judicial Watch,  In Palm Springs, Obama played golf at the plush, private golf course of Oracle billionaire Lawrence Joseph  Larry  Ellison. The golf course is located on Ellison s 249-acre Porcupine Creek estate, which features a golf club and course, a huge 18,400 square-foot main residence, eight guest houses, a pool, spa, gym and an amphitheater. It was Obama s fifth golf outing to Palm Springs in the past two years. The West Coast trip reportedly included political fundraising and one speech to the U.S. Conference of Mayors. The New York trip was to allow Obama some time  hanging out with his girls,  according to an ABC report.Read more: wnd ",0
14738,SYRIAN DROPS TRUTH BOMB: Germany Asked “Refugees” [On Internet] To Come…”None of us had to flee…we didn’t want to go to the army…easier to get a good job and earn money in Europe”,"This is what happens when you have government leaders who represent their own self interests, putting job opportunities and national security for its citizens dead last. Sound familiar?A well-known Iranian born writer, Ramin Peymani explains in a Huffington Post- Germany article,  Der Syrer   eine Fl chtlingsgeschichte  ( The Syrians, A Refugee Story ), that, while living in Germany, he met up with the Syrian refugee in the checkout line at a local grocery store.Being Iranian, Peymani could speak fluently with the  refugee,  who freely admitted that he, and all the others claiming to be refugees, were not fleeing war, but had merely come in search of jobs and money.The Syrian told Peymani that his mother lived in America, that that his sister was still in Syria. Did you escape with your mother? Why your sister has not come?  Peymani asked. No, I did not flee. None of us had to flee,  the Syrian freely admitted. The Assad regime is cruel and unjust, but you can live in Syria, if you just don t mess with it. Peymani then asked if the Syrian had then fled from the Islamic State terrorists. The Syrian s answer in this regard was revealing as well: I come from Damascus, like most of us [refugees] do that I ve met in the camp. There is no IS [in Damascus]; it is in other regions, for example, towards Iraq. Peymani then asked him the logical next question:  Are you saying that most Syrians do not flee from war and persecution? The Syrian answered:  Yes. My friends and I went because we didn t want to go to the army. And because it is easier to get a good job and earn money in Europe. Peymani then wanted to know why so many Syrians had come so suddenly.  Why now are so many coming? Is it because the Assad regime has become worse? The Syrian replied:  No. He [Assad] has been in power many years already. The regime is cruel and can kill opponents, but my family and I have not been touched, and none of my friends either. So why had they all now come to Europe, Peymani asked, to which the Syrian replied: In the summer we saw on the Internet that Germany wanted people to live there. We were invited to come here. And it was said that the state would take care of us and we would be given jobs. But I cannot find one Peymani also asked him what route he had followed to Germany. I lived in Turkey for some time after my mother had emigrated to the United States to be with relatives. But I could not get a visa for the USA, even though my mother has a green card. Peymani asked him if he had  fled  to Turkey  because of the war in Syria? Laughing, the Syrian replied:  No (laughs). My friends and I are here because we thought we d find work. We did not like Turkey. He was then asked if his  story is typical of the people who leave Syria? The Syrian replied:  I think most go for the same reason as I did. All men of my age, who want to just live better elsewhere. ",0
14739,THE 2016 Calendar That Won’t Be Hanging In ISIS Caves Or Obama’s Oval Office,"Vladimir Putin the anti-Obama Fans of the maverick Russian president can now gaze upon him every day for the bargain price of just 78 Roubles (72p) by buying his bizarre and wonderful 2016 calendar.The momentous tribute to the iron-fisted leader features him in a typically outlandish range of poses, from fishing topless to cuddling a fluffy puppy.Each page portrays the legendary president s tough and sensitive sides, with him boasting about the prowess of the Russian military one month and professing his love of dogs the next.And it seems that Russians simply cannot get enough of their leader with the glossy calendar selling out in Moscow.But it is unlikely to adorn the walls of many Islamic State (ISIS) hideouts, with the hard man supremo s bombing blitz in Syria contributing to the terrorist group s accelerating collapse.Mr Putin seemingly alludes to the current military operations against ISIS, with some critics saying he has outflanked and out-thought Western leaders.The October entry features the stern Russian president wearing a military cap and striped shirt alongside a slogan proclaiming his country s military might.It states:  No one will succeed in gaining military superiority over Russia. Our army is contemporary, capable, and as they now say, polite, but formidable. Via: Express UK",0
14740,"NOT KIDDING: Call A Transexual “He” If He Wants To Be Called “She” In Communist NYC…Pay Staggering $250,000 Fine","The LGBT mafia has never been more threatening or powerful Did you call a transsexual person  he  or  she  when they preferred to be called  zhe?  According to a newly updated anti-discrimination law in New York City, you could be fined an eye-watering $250,000.In the latest, astonishing act of draconian political correctness, the NYC Commission on Human Rights have updated a law on  Discrimination on the Basis of Gender Identity or Expression  to threaten staggering financial penalties against property owners who  misgender  employees or tenants.Incidents that are deemed  wilful and malicious  will see property owners face up to $250,000 in fines, while standard violations of the law will result in a $125,000 fine. For small business owners, these sums are crippling.It s not as simple as referring to transmen  he  or transwomen as  she,  either. The legislation makes it clear that if an individual desires, property owners will have to make use of  zhe,   hir  and any other preferred pronoun. From the updated legislation:The NYCHRL requires employers and covered entities to use an individual s preferred name, pronoun and title (e.g., Ms./Mrs.) regardless of the individual s sex assigned at birth, anatomy, gender, medical history, appearance, or the sex indicated on the individual s identification. Most individuals and many transgender people use female or male pronouns and titles.Some transgender and gender non-conforming people prefer to use pronouns other than he/him/his or she/her/hers, such as they/them/theirs or ze/hirOther violations of the law include refusing to allow individuals to use single-sex facilities such as bathrooms that are  consistent with their gender identity,  failing to provide employee health benefits for  gender-affirming care  and  imposing different uniforms or grooming standards based on sex or gender. Examples of such illegal behaviour include:  requiring female bartenders to wear makeup,   Permitting only individuals who identify as women to wear jewellery or requiring only individuals who identify as male to have short hair,  and  permitting female but not male residents at a drug treatment facility to wear wigs and high heels. In other words, if a bar owner prevents male bartenders from wearing lipstick and heels, they ll be breaking the law. They ve now got a choice between potentially scaring off customers, and paying hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines. Regardless of the establishment s client le or aesthetic, every property owner will be forced to conform to the same standard.This is the latest in what Spiked Online editor-in-chief Brendan O Neill calls  The Crisis of Character  in the west, in which identities become grounded in subjective interpretation rather than objective reality. The state is now forcing society to recognise the subjective identities of individuals, regardless of how absurd or surreal they may seem. In New York City, recognising someone s identity is no longer a matter of case-by-case common sense and courtesy. It s zir way or the highway.",0
14741,THIS IS HUGE! Here’s Proof George Soros Fears Trump’s Presidency And will Do ANYTHING To Bring Him Down,"The evil George Soros wrote a rare op-ed for The Guardian. You see, someone has finally challenged the dark underbelly of the radical far left and that man is Donald Trump. Just knowing that Soros feels it necessary to comment (since he rarely comments) on Trump tells me the left is considering Trump a major threat.The op-ed by Soros is below   please note the deflection:It appears The Establishment has decided to bring in the big guns to dislodge The GOP s nightmare scenario as Donald Trump goes from strength to strength in the polls. Writing in an op-ed for The Guardian, billionaire puppet-master George Soros urges Americans  to resist the siren song of the likes of Donald Trump,  adding that  the terrorists and demagogues want us to be scared. We mustn t give in. Authored by George Soros, originally posted at The Guardian,It s not easy to resist the threats and the hysteria that surround us, but we must do, as fear is the greatest danger to open societyOpen societies are always endangered. This is especially true of America and Europe today, as a result of the terrorist attacks in Paris and elsewhere, and the way that America and Europe, particularly France, have reacted to them. Jihadi terrorist groups such as Islamic State and al-Qaida have discovered the achilles heel of our western societies: the fear of death. Through horrific attacks and macabre videos, the publicists of Isis magnify this fear, leading otherwise sensible people in hitherto open societies to abandon their reason.Scientists have discovered that emotion is an essential component of human reasoning. That discovery explains why jihadi terrorism poses such a potent threat to our societies: the fear of death leads us and our leaders to think   and then behave   irrationally.Science merely confirms what experience has long shown: when we are afraid for our lives, emotions take hold of our thoughts and actions, and we find it difficult to make rational judgments. Fear activates an older, more primitive part of the brain than that which formulates and sustains the abstract values and principles of open society.The open society is thus always at risk from the threat posed by our response to fear. A generation that has inherited an open society from its parents will not understand what is required to maintain it until it has been tested and learns to keep fear from corrupting reason. Jihadi terrorism is only the latest example. The fear of nuclear war tested the last generation, and the fear of communism and fascism tested my generation.The jihadi terrorists  ultimate goal is to convince Muslim youth worldwide that there is no alternative to terrorism. And terrorist attacks are the way to achieve that goal, because the fear of death will awaken and magnify the latent anti-Muslim sentiments in Europe and America, inducing the non-Muslim population to treat all Muslims as potential attackers.And that is exactly what is happening. The hysterical anti-Muslim reaction to terrorism is generating fear and resentment among Muslims living in Europe and America. The older generation reacts with fear, the younger one with resentment; the result is a breeding ground for potential terrorists. This is a mutually reinforcing, reflexive process.How can it be stopped and reversed? Abandoning the values and principles underlying open societies and giving in to an anti-Muslim impulse dictated by fear certainly is not the answer, though it may be difficult to resist the temptation. I experienced this personally when I watched the last Republican presidential debate; I could stop myself only by remembering that it must be irrational to follow the wishes of your enemies.To remove the danger posed by jihadi terrorism, abstract arguments are not enough; we need a strategy for defeating it. The challenge is underscored by the fact that the jihadi phenomenon has been with us for more than a generation. Indeed, gaining a proper understanding of it may be impossible. But the attempt must be made.Consider the Syrian conflict, which is the root cause of the migration problem that is posing an existential threat to the European Union as we know it. If it was resolved, the world would be in better shape. It is important to recognise that Isis is operating from a position of weakness. While it is spreading fear in the world, its hold on its home ground is weakening. The United Nations security council has unanimously adopted a resolution against it, and the leaders of Isis are aware that their days in Iraq and Syria are numbered.Of course, the outlook for Syria remains highly uncertain, and the conflict there cannot be understood or tackled in isolation. But one idea shines through crystal clear: it is an egregious mistake to do what the terrorists want us to do. That is why, as 2016 gets underway, we must reaffirm our commitment to the principles of open society and resist the siren song of the likes of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, however hard that may be.Via: Zero Hedge",0
14742,BOOM! It’s Payback Time For Gun-Grabbing Gov: GOP Works To Strip Him Of Armed Protection Detail,"Do you think our Gun Grabber In Chief should be next?Virginia state senator Bill Carrico (R-Dist. 40) is responding to Governor Terry McAuliffe s (D) relentless gun control push by introducing a budget amendment to remove funding for McAuliffe s protection detail.Carrico said,  If he s so afraid of guns, then I m not going to surround him with armed state policemen. McAuliffe has pushed numerous gun controls as governor and, in August, infamously pushed for expanding background checks after Virginia reporter Alison Parker had been shot on air. McAuliffe made the push for expanded background checks before the gunman who killed Parker had been caught and, therefore, before he had any knowledge of how the gunman acquired his gun. As it turned out, gunman Vester Lee Flanagan acquired his gun via a background check.Moreover, on October 15, McAuliffe issued an executive order banning the open carry of firearms in state buildings used by the Virginia executive branch and calling for enforcement to ensure that the only people  in the business  of selling guns in Virginia are those with a Federal Firearm License (FFL).Senator Carrico is responding to these things and more by trying to be sure McAuliffe does not have to be around guns at all if they bother him so much. According to the Bristol Herald Courier, Carrico said he will address this matter when the General Assembly convenes in January, saying:A lot of the governor s power is deferred to the General Assembly at that point and I ll be getting with my colleagues to circumvent everything this governor has done on this point. I have a budget amendment that I m looking at to take away his executive protection unit. If he s so afraid of guns, then I m not going to surround him with armed state policemen. Via: Breitbart News",0
14743,"PRIORITIES: #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists Protest Cops In Gun-Free Chicago, While Ignoring 6 Murders, 21People Shot Over Christmas Weekend","The December tally in Chicago (so far) is: December to Date Shot & Killed: 29 Shot & Wounded: 189 Total Shot: 218 Total Homicides: 31Six men were killed and at least 21 other people have been wounded in shootings across Chicago over the holiday weekend. The latest homicide happened early Sunday in the Englewood neighborhood on the South Side.About 2:15 a.m., 29-year-old Tyree White was outside with a 28-year-old woman near West 59th Street and South Wentworth Avenue, when someone walked up and opened fire, according to Chicago Police and the Cook County medical examiner s office. White, of the 200 block of East 121st Place, was shot in the chest and was pronounced dead at the scene less than 30 minutes later, authorities said.A pregnant mother of three was killed by a hit-and-run driver, though the baby survived the tragedy.Karla Y. Leanos had been crossing the street in North Lawndale in the 4200 block of West Ogden around 10 p.m. when she was hit by a 2008 Chrysler traveling westbound at a high rate of speed, according to police and the Cook County medical examiner s office. The vehicle did not initially stop, police said. A woman was shot in the back and taken to Stroger, where her condition was stabilized, police said.Saturday night, a 36-year-old man was fatally shot in the Little Village neighborhood on the Southwest Side, police said.The 36-year-old was sitting outside with other people in the 2800 block of West 21st Place about 9:50 p.m. when a white SUV pulled up and a passenger displayed gang signs and then fired shots, police said.Black lives matter .just not the ones who are killed by other blacks in their own neighborhoods.The man was shot in the chest and mouth and was taken by a friend to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he later died, police said. The medical examiner s office could not immediately confirm the fatality.Less than three hours earlier, a 28-year-old man was found shot to death in the West Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side.He was found about 7:20 p.m. in the 600 block of South Tripp Avenue with gunshot wounds to the chest and stomach, according to police and the medical examiner s office. He was pronounced dead at the scene. His name was being withheld Sunday morning pending notification of his family.Another man was killed Christmas Day in Englewood. Officers responding to a call of shots fired at 11:36 a.m. Friday in the 700 block of West 71st Street found 20-year-old Angelo Frazier with multiple gunshot wounds to the thigh, authorities said.Frazier was taken to Stroger Hospital, where he was pronounced dead less than an hour later, authorities said. He lived in the 600 block of Sullivan Lane in University Park. About three hours earlier, a 22-year-old man was shot to death outside his West Side Austin neighborhood home.Kylan D. Collier was discovered unresponsive with a gunshot wound to the head about 8:30 a.m. on the stairs of the back porch of his home in the 5500 block of West Monroe, authorities said. He was dead at the scene. The weekend s first fatal shooting happened about 4:50 p.m. Thursday in the Park Manor neighborhood on the South Side.A witness told police that 30-year-old Craig Harris went outside and four males were waiting for him in a gangway in the 7300 block of South Vernon, authorities said. Police said the witness heard gunshots then ran inside to call police.Harris, who lived on the same block as the shooting, was shot in the temple and pronounced dead at the scene, authorities said. The latest nonfatal attack happened early Sunday in the South Side Chicago Lawn neighborhood.A 55-year-old woman went to answer her door in the 6700 block of South Oakley Avenue about 5:30 a.m. when she was shot in the shoulder and abdomen, police said. Two males were seen fleeing the scene. The woman was taken Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn in serious condition, police said. Less than 90 minutes earlier, a man was shot and critically wounded in Englewood. Officers responding to a call of shots fired about 4:15 a.m. found a 25-year-old man in the driver s seat of a vehicle in the 6000 block of South Laflin, police said. He had suffered multiple gunshot wounds to the body and was taken in critical condition to Stroger Hospital.At 2:27 a.m., two people were shot near the Aragon Ballroom in the Uptown neighborhood on the North Side. A 68-year-old man was standing outside in the 1100 block of West Lawrence when he heard gunfire and realized he d been shot in the leg, police said. A 34-year-old woman sitting in her vehicle nearby also heard the shots and then suffered a graze wound to the forehead. They were both taken to Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center, where they were listed in good condition. Police said an unoccupied SUV that had crashed into a building was discovered in the area of the shooting, but it was not immediately clear how the vehicle was connected to the investigation. About 6:15 p.m. Saturday in Austin, a 16-year-old boy was standing outside in the 5200 block of West Adams when two males came out from the alley and shot him in the left leg, police said. He was taken to West Suburban Hospital in Oak Park, where he is listed in good condition.Less than two hours earlier, a man was shot in the Oakland neighborhood on the South Side. The 18-year-old man was shot in the abdomen about 4:30 p.m. in the 3800 block of South Ellis during an attempted robbery, police said. He was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital, where his condition was stabilized. At least 14 other people have been wounded in other shootings since 12:15 p.m. Thursday.Additionally, three people were shot Saturday by Chicago Police. A man and a woman were fatally shot in the West Garfield Park neighborhood just before 5 a.m. and a man was critically wounded in a separate police-involved shooting that afternoon in Washington Heights. Via: NBC Chicago ",0
14744,OOPS! Here’s Proof The Left Used “Schlonged” When Referring To One Of Their Own In 2011 [VIDEO],"I m sure it just slipped the feeble minds of the leftist media If it weren t for double standards, the left would have no standards at all.Take, for example, the current liberal outrage over Schlonggate: Donald Trump s use of the Yiddish word  schlong  to characterize Hillary Clinton s eventual loss to Barack Obama in her 2008 bid for the Democratic presidential nomination.Among the accusations hurled at Trump was that the use of this pejorative for  penis  was misogynistic. One critic with a vivid imagination even posited that it was a racial slur aimed at Obama.But it turns out that the taxpayer-funded NPR allowed that very term to be used four years ago in reference to another female politician, Geraldine Ferraro, to recall an almost identical political defeat.  Talk of the Nation  host Neal Conan used  schlonged,  moreover, in the same breath in which he mentioned Ferraro s untimely death, as noted by PJ Media s Michael Walsh.Here is the transcript.Sad news to report from this past weekend. Geraldine Ferraro died of blood cancer at the age of 75, the three-term congresswoman from Queens, the first woman to run for vice president of the United States in 1984, the first woman on a major party ticket to do so . And Chris Cillizza, that ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls, but that s a historic moment. [Emphasis added]Here s the Reverend Manning s hysterical take on Trump s use of the word  schlonged ",0
14745,UNIV Of WI Chancellor Contacts Police After Noticing Confederate Flag Displayed On Worker’s Truck On Campus,"Is anyone else concerned that the Left was able to turn the display of a Confederate flag by an American into a criminal offense almost overnight? When a contractor s truck at the University of Wisconsin   LaCrosse sported a Confederate flag across its grille in November, one official was quick to condemn the contractor, call for the flag s removal, and   it turns out   even asked for an informal police investigation into the matter. E-mails obtained by the LaCrosse Tea Party show Paula Knudson, Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs at the school, went farther than previously known in her efforts to get the flag removed and the contractor punished.LaCrosse confederate flagUpon learning of the flag s presence on campus, Knudson e-mailed Doug Pearson, the head of Facilities Planning and Management for the school, to ask that the contractor be told the flag needed to go. The contractor quickly and willingly complied and Knudson went on to e-mail the entire UWL campus   students and faculty   to express her regret over the incident and say that she was  personally. . . offended and. . . very sorry for the fear and angst caused by its presence.  [Emphasis added]At the same time, e-mails reveal, Knudson e-mailed pictures of the truck to interim UW-LaCrosse Police Chief Scott McCullough with the subject line  License please?  After reading Knudson s campus-wide missive, McCullough responded to say he read her e-mail to mean that there was no longer any need for police action since the flag had been removed.McCullough also went on to reference another incident with yet another truck that displayed the Confederate flag and urged Knudson to remember that the police cannot run license plate numbers without a valid excuse to investigate the vehicle.  I would like to take a second and make clear that like the last truck with this emblem, I would need to be conducting a police investigation into some violation (I believe it was harassment last time) before I can run this plate,  he wrote. It could be literally only seconds talking with a complainant but it is an important protection to all of us that even the police cannot simply run records checks for no reason,  he went on to say.  Please don t take this as any hesitation on our part to help just that we have very specific rules that we (the police) need to follow. At least two students who were offended by the flag took action on their own and approached the construction site to express their indignation according to an e-mail from facilities chief Pearson.  The job site superintendent was concerned about two students who walked into the job site and confronted the trucker,  Pearson wrote in an e-mail to Knudson that included UWL Chancellor Joe Gow.  The superintendent indicated they [the students] were rude and were baiting the trucker to say something. I can help resolve these issues, but staff and students should not be walking into a job site without proper personal protective equipment. The following day, Chancellor Gow e-mailed Knudson to chide her for how she handled the situation. He urged her to point out  the trucker kindly complied  with the school s request that the flag be removed.  We need to refute the notion that we have somehow  banned  display of the confederate flag, because we don t have the legal authority to do so. And we wouldn t want to stifle free expression no matter how uncomfortable it might make us feel [emphasis added],  Gow concluded.In public statements made after Media Trackers first broke the news of the incident and published a picture of the truck, Gow said the Confederate flag  clearly is a racist symbol,  but acknowledged that UWL would have allowed the trucker to continue to display it had he refused to remove it. Via: EAG News",0
14746,THE TIME THAT TRUMP LITERALLY “Saved The Farm”…A Story The Media Will Never Tell [VIDEO],"A beautiful story of generosity and kindness the media would never share with American voters One narrative emerging around the surprisingly resilient Donald Trump portrays the brash billionaire as a final card laid down by Republican blue-collar voters who see their way of life   and their political clout   draining away in a bathtub spiral.Trump has been a man of last resort before. Right here in Georgia, in fact. And if his Republican presidential machine doesn t seize upon the tale in the next few weeks, as he and U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas battle for Southern votes, then someone in the Trump campaign will be guilty of gross incompetence.It happened in 1986, in the midst of the worst farm crisis since the Great Depression. In Burke County, on Georgia s eastern border, farm after farm was folding.On Feb. 4, Lenard Dozier Hill III, a third-generation occupant of his cotton-and-soybean acreage, was about to have his land sold out from under him.  That morning, it was going to be auctioned off at the courthouse steps, so he committed suicide,  said Betsy Sharp, his daughter.In the bedroom of the Hill home, along with the .22-caliber rifle that did the work, was a neat stack of life insurance policies and other papers on the nightstand. Hill had intended for the life insurance payout to cover most of his $300,000 debt and so save the family farm for another generation.It was a grievous miscalculation. Most, if not all, life insurance policies include a clause that prohibits payment in cases of suicide.  He didn t realize all that,  Sharp said.Hill s desperate act struck a chord. Reporters and TV crews descended on the Waynesboro church where the funeral was held. Vandals painted  farmer killer  on the door of the local bank.Once the family realized the financial futility of Hill s suicide, the burden of saving the farm fell on his widow, Annabel Hill, a 66-year-old teacher and social worker with gray hair and large glasses.The widow was already familiar with Frank Argenbright, a wealthy and white Atlanta businessman who had made a name for himself by organizing the successful effort to save the farm of a black farmer in Cochran named Oscar Lorick.(Argenbright initially tried to do this anonymously, as a masked benefactor who called himself  A.N. American.  But he was the head of a growing security firm, and his cop friends recognized his voice.)Argenbright arranged a press conference for Annabel Hill in Atlanta.  It went national,  he said. Today, in the age of the Internet, we use the term  viral. Then, as now, clowns came out of the woodwork. In an interview, Argenbright said one of the first calls he received was from a Texas oilman who wanted to come to Atlanta to help.  For some reason I had to pay the ticket,  Argenbright said. First class.The  oilman  turned out to be a soused escapee from a rehab unit for alcoholics. Argenbright put him on the next flight back to Texas. In coach.Above is a video, featuring Betsy Sharp, daughter of Lenard and Annabel Hill, put together by Chad Etheridge of Growing America, a news service for farmers.***Argenbright was still at the airport when his assistant called. Someone claiming to be Donald Trump had just rang, offering to help Annabel Hill.A suspicious Argenbright called the number and demanded proof of identity from the man who answered. Herschel Walker works for me,  the voice said. The former University of Georgia running back was the star of the New Jersey Generals, a United States Football League team owned by Trump. That was good enough. Well, Mr. Trump, I apologize,  Argenbright said.Trump told the Atlanta businessman that his wife, Ivana, had seen the report on the Hill family s plight on the network news, and she suggested that he get involved. The magnate summoned Argenbright and the Hills to New York. After a brief interview, Trump signed onto the cause.Accounts of what followed differ. In his book  The Art of the Deal,  Trump wrote that, in a phone call, he twisted the arm of a vice president of the Georgia bank that held the Hill mortgage. I said to the guy,  You listen to me. If you do foreclose, I ll bring a lawsuit for murder against you and your bank, on the grounds that you harassed Mrs. Hill s husband to his death.  All of a sudden, the banker sounded very nervous and said he d get right back to me. Sometimes it pays to be a little wild,  Trump wrote.Problem solved.Argenbright, a Trump admirer who would go on to provide security at many of the billionaire s properties, describes a Trump who was far less sure of himself   and of the public reaction that would follow. And quieter, too.  It wasn t the Donald that you see now,  Argenbright said.  He wasn t sure that people would respond to him. He didn t want to be embarrassed. Trump provided $20,000 to stave off foreclosure of the Hill farm, but his name was initially kept out of the picture. During a press conference on the courthouse steps in Waynesboro announcing the delay, Argenbright said he spoke only of support from  a New York developer. But Trump s identity was easily and quickly guessed. The billionaire and the Georgia farm wife made the rounds of the morning TV shows. Viewers were asked to send their dollars to the  Annabel Hill Fund, Trump Towers, New York, 10022. Money poured in, but Trump and a Texas oilman   a real one, this time   provided the last $78,000. A  mortgage-burning  ceremony was scheduled for two days before Christmas. The Hill family was again flown to New York, at Trump s expense. I had just graduated from high school. He flew us to New York, and we went to Trump Towers and had breakfast with him,  said Betsy Sharp, who is now 49 and lives in Augusta. We saw a whole different side of him that was kindhearted, to reach out to us, to help us,  the daughter said.  Most people don t know and see that side. All they see is just the  blurt  that people put on the TV. They don t see the other side of him, and that s what my family got to experience. Argenbright feels likewise.  He couldn t have been nicer. He took care of them and stayed in touch with them after that,  Argenbright said.  He had no ulterior motive. But Argenbright said that, in advance of that mortgage-burning ceremony in 1986, he did catch a glimpse of the media-savvy presidential candidate that we are watching now.Trump ordered the waterfalls in his towers turned off, to make it easier for the TV sound technicians. He made sure that at least three tested cigarette lighters were on hand to spark the fire. The mortgage papers were fake, but Trump ordered an assistant to light one up to make sure they would burn quickly and dramatically, said Argenbright, who supplied an engraved tray from Tiffany s for the ashes. Just to watch how detailed he was in understanding the perception of the moment and how significant it was   it was a special time,  Argenbright said.  He was an honorable guy who wanted to do the right thing. If it wasn t for him, that farm wouldn t have been saved. The Annabel Hill episode was just a small piece of the farm crisis. In the two months that followed, 85 other farms in Burke County alone were scheduled for foreclosure. Other celebrities attempted rescues as well   Willie Nelson s series of Farm Aid concerts had begun the year before.But this was the moment that Donald Trump, who had already put his name on the New York City skyline, introduced himself to rural America. Via: AJC",0
14747,"IS OBAMA’S RADICAL AGENDA Responsible For State Department’s Misleading Report On Forced Labor, Prostitution And Human Slavery?","President Barack Obama has called the fight against human trafficking  one of the great human rights causes of our time  and has pledged the United States  will continue to lead it. If Obama really believed that human trafficking was such an important cause, then why would his State Department be working so hard to hide the truth about these horrific human rights violators? In the weeks leading up to a critical annual U.S. report on human trafficking that publicly shames the world s worst offenders, human rights experts at the State Department concluded that trafficking conditions hadn t improved in Malaysia and Cuba. And in China, they found, things had grown worse.The State Department s senior political staff saw it differently   and they prevailed.A Reuters examination, based on interviews with more than a dozen sources in Washington and foreign capitals, shows that the government office set up to independently grade global efforts to fight human trafficking was repeatedly overruled by senior American diplomats and pressured into inflating assessments of 14 strategically important countries in this year s Trafficking in Persons report.In all, analysts in the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons   or J/TIP, as it s known within the U.S. government   disagreed with U.S. diplomatic bureaus on ratings for 17 countries, the sources said.The analysts, who are specialists in assessing efforts to combat modern slavery   such as the illegal trade in humans for forced labor or prostitution   won only three of those disputes, the worst ratio in the 15-year history of the unit, according to the sources.As a result, not only Malaysia, Cuba and China, but countries such as India, Uzbekistan and Mexico, wound up with better grades than the State Department s human-rights experts wanted to give them, the sources said. (Graphic looking at some of the key decisions here: reut.rs/1gF2Wz5)Of the three disputes J/TIP won, the most prominent was Thailand, which has faced scrutiny over forced labor at sea and the trafficking of Rohingya Muslims through its southern jungles. Diplomats had sought to upgrade it to so-called  Tier 2 Watch List  status. It remains on  Tier 3    the rating for countries with the worst human-trafficking records.The number of rejected recommendations suggests a degree of intervention not previously known by diplomats in a report that can lead to sanctions and is the basis for many countries  anti-trafficking policies. This year, local embassies and other constituencies within the department were able to block some of the toughest grades.State Department officials say the ratings are not politicized.  As is always the case, final decisions are reached only after rigorous analysis and discussion between the TIP office, relevant regional bureaus and senior State Department leaders,  State Department spokesman John Kirby said in response to queries by Reuters.Still, by the time the report was released on July 27, Malaysia and Cuba were both removed from the  Tier 3  blacklist, even though the State Department s own trafficking experts believed neither had made notable improvements, according to the sources.The Malaysian upgrade, which was highly criticized by human rights groups, could smooth the way for an ambitious proposed U.S.-led free-trade deal with the Southeast Asian nation and 11 other countries.Ending Communist-ruled Cuba s 12 years on the report s blacklist came as the two nations reopened embassies on each other s soil following their historic d tente over the past eight months.And for China, the experts  recommendation to downgrade it to the worst ranking, Tier 3, was overruled despite the report s conclusion that Beijing did not undertake increased anti-trafficking efforts.That would have put China alongside the likes of Syria and North Korea, regarded by the United Nations as among the world s worst human right abusers.Typically, J/TIP wins more than half of what officials call  disputes  with diplomatic sections of the State Department, according to people familiar with the process. Certainly we have never seen that kind of an outcome,  said one U.S. official with direct knowledge of the department.ABILITY TO EMBARRASSThe Trafficking in Persons report, which evaluated 188 countries and territories this year, calls itself the world s most comprehensive resource of governmental anti-human trafficking efforts. Rights groups mostly agree.It organizes countries into tiers based on trafficking records: Tier 1 for nations that meet minimum U.S. standards; Tier 2 for those making significant efforts to meet those standards; Tier 2  Watch List  for those that deserve special scrutiny; and Tier 3 for countries that fail to comply with the minimum U.S. standards and are not making significant efforts.While a Tier 3 ranking can trigger sanctions limiting access to aid from the United States, the International Monetary Fund or the World Bank, such action is frequently waived.The real power is its ability to embarrass countries into action. Many countries aggressively lobby U.S. embassies to try to avoid sliding into the Tier 3 category. Four straight years on the Tier 2 Watch List triggers an automatic downgrade to Tier 3 unless a country earns a waiver or an upgrade.The leverage has brought some success, including pressuring Switzerland to close loopholes that allowed the prostitution of minors and prompting the Dominican Republic to convict more child trafficking offenders.President Barack Obama has called the fight against human trafficking  one of the great human rights causes of our time  and has pledged the United States  will continue to lead it. But the office set up in 2001 by a congressional mandate to spearhead that effort is increasingly struggling to publish independent assessments of the most diplomatically important countries, the sources said.The rejection of so many recommendations could strengthen calls by some lawmakers to investigate how the report is compiled. After Reuters on July 8 reported on the plans to upgrade Malaysia, 160 members of the U.S. House and 18 U.S. senators wrote to Secretary of State John Kerry urging him to keep Malaysia in Tier 3, based on its trafficking record. They questioned whether the upgrade was politically motivated.Senator Robert Menendez, a Democrat, has threatened to call for a Senate hearing and an inspector general to investigate if top State Department officials removed Malaysia from the lowest tier for political reasons.The final decision on disputed rankings this year was made in meetings attended by some of the State Department s most powerful diplomats, including Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken, Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Wendy Sherman and Kerry s Chief of Staff, Jonathan Finer, according to the sources. NO, NO, NO The unprecedented degree of discord over this trafficking report began to become clear after Reuters early last month revealed plans to upgrade Malaysia from the lowest Tier 3 rank to Tier 2 Watch List.The improved ranking came in a year in which Malaysian authorities discovered dozens of suspected mass migrant graves and human rights groups reported continued forced labor in the nation s lucrative palm oil, construction and electronics industries. As recently as April, the U.S. ambassador to Malaysia, Joseph Yun, urged the country to take prosecution of human trafficking violations more seriously.U.S. officials have denied that political considerations influenced Malaysia s rankings. No, no, no,  said Sewall, when asked by reporters last Monday whether Malaysia was upgraded to facilitate trade negotiations. She said the decision was based on how Malaysia was dealing with trafficking.Representative Chris Smith, a New Jersey Republican who authored a 2000 law that led to the creation of J/TIP, said in an interview that the office s authority is being undermined by the president s agenda.  It s so politicized,  he said.If Malaysia had remained on Tier 3, it would have posed a potential barrier to Obama s proposed trade pact, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. That deal is a crucial part of his pivot to Asia policy. Congress approved legislation in June giving Obama expanded trade negotiating powers but prohibiting deals with Tier 3 countries such as, at that time, Malaysia.Congressional sources and current and former State Department officials said experts in the J/TIP office had recommended keeping Malaysia on Tier 3, highlighting a drop in human-trafficking convictions in the country to three last year from nine in 2013. They said, according to the sources, that some of Malaysia s efforts to end forced labor amounted to promises rather than action.The analysts also clashed over Cuba s record with the State Department s Western Hemisphere Affairs Bureau, whose view took precedence in the final report.Human rights groups and people with knowledge of the negotiations over the rankings said an unearned upgrade for Cuba, especially at a time of intense attention due to the historic diplomatic thaw between Washington and Havana, could undermine the integrity of the report.Cuba had been on the  border line  for an upgrade in recent years, a former State Department official said. And although Cuba ended up with an upgrade, the final report remained highly critical, citing concerns about Cuba s failure to deal with a degree of alleged forced labor in medical missions that Havana sends to developing countries.China was another source of friction. J/TIP s analysts called for downgrading China, the world s second-biggest economy, to Tier 3, criticizing Beijing for failing to follow through on a promise to abolish its  re-education through labor  system and to adequately protect trafficking victims from neighboring countries such as North Korea. The final report put China on Tier 2 Watch List.SHOWING DEFERENCEBut the candor of J/TIP can run afoul of other important diplomatic priorities, particularly in countries beset by instability or corruption where U.S. diplomats are trying to build relationships. That leads every year to sometimes contentious back-and-forth over the rankings with far-flung embassies and regional bureaus   the diplomatic centers of gravity at the State Department. There is supposed to be some deference to the expertise of the office,  said Mark Lagon, J/TIP s ambassador-at-large from 2007 to 2009 and now president of Freedom House, an advocacy group in Washington. If the office is now losing more disputes over rankings than it is winning, that would be  an unfortunate thing,  he said.Most U.S. diplomats are reluctant to openly strike back at critics inside and outside of the administration who accuse them of letting politics trump human rights, the sources said.But privately, some diplomats say that J/TIP staffers should avoid acting like  purists  and keep sight of broader U.S. interests, including maintaining open channels with authoritarian governments to push for reform and forging trade deals that could lift people out of poverty.For entire story: Reuters",0
14748,Will Hillary’s ‘Secret Weapon’ Be A Game Changer For The Campaign?,"So Bill Clinton wants a third term so much that he s coming out to battle Trump. Bringing Bill Clinton in to fight Hillary s battles could be a double edged sword. She might gain some momentum but it s hard to believe that Trump won t come after them with some zingers. The problem with the zingers is that they might earn Hillary some sympathy from the voters. I say that she should fight her own battles but don t you know Bill would love to be sitting in the White House a year from now  A new and more combative phase of Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign opens next month when she sends her husband out to stump for her in important early states.Waiting for him will be businessman Donald Trump, the Republican front-runner.The former president has been a low-key figure since Mrs. Clinton entered the race for the Democratic nomination in April, offering private advice and helping her raise money at closed-door fundraisers. In January, the campaign intends to showcase him in public forums in Iowa and New Hampshire, two states where the front-runner is locked in a tight race against Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders.Speaking to supporters recently, Mrs. Clinton described her husband as a  secret weapon. Throwing Mr. Clinton into the mix could further escalate the rhetoric between the Trump and Clinton campaigns. In the 2008 presidential race, the former president would bristle at criticism directed at his wife and got in hot water when he suggested Barack Obama s victory in the South Carolina primary was less significant because of the large African-American vote.This past week saw back-and-forth volleys over whether comments Mr. Trump made about Mrs. Clinton were sexist. He said Mr. Obama  schlonged  her in the 2008 race and said her brief absence from a recent Democratic debate stage, when she was reportedly using the restroom, was  disgusting. In an interview with the Des Moines Register, Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Trump has  demonstrated a penchant for sexism.  That drew a response from Mr. Trump on Twitter:  Hillary, when you complain about  a penchant for sexism,  who are you referring to. I have great respect for women.    In capital letters he then wrote,  BE CAREFUL! Asked what Mr. Trump meant, his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, said:  Mr. Trump speaks for Mr. Trump and his tweets speak for themselves. And he s very clear about what those tweets say. Another Trump spokeswoman, Katrina Pierson, suggested in an interview with CNN that the Trump campaign intends to make Mr. Clinton s behavior an issue should Mrs. Clinton pursue this point. Mr. Clinton, during his presidency, paid $850,000 to settle a sexual harassment case brought by Paula Jones stemming from an encounter when he was governor of Arkansas. His affair with then-White House intern Monica Lewinsky led to his impeachment by the U.S. House in 1998. He was acquitted by the Senate the following year. Hillary Clinton has some nerve to talk about the war on women and the bigotry toward women when she has a serious problem in her husband,  Ms. Pierson told CNN. Representatives for Mr. Clinton and the Clinton campaign declined to comment.Mrs. Clinton holds a commanding lead among Democrats nationally, but polling shows the contests in Iowa and New Hampshire are up for grabs. Losses in both states could potentially alter the dynamics of a race she is dominating.In a conference call with supporters this past week, Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta said that Mrs. Clinton was in a  dog fight  in New Hampshire.Via: WSJ",0
14749,CHURCHES OFFER SANCTUARY To Protect Illegal Aliens Ahead Of DHS Raids,"The DHS has announced that they ll be raiding places that house illegals and deporting them. This could get ugly and it will only garner sympathy for the illegal aliens who ve broken federal law by crossing our border. Over 10,000 illegal minors came across our border in Sept/Oct which is a record for this time of year. The big question in all of this would have to be why Jeh Johnson s rules for deportation have been so lenient. Because of his leniency, word has gotten back to Central America that you can just surrender to border patrol and you re in. Now we have millions and millions of illegals who re roaming around America and we have no clue who they are. The Sanctuary Movement is taking it upon themselves to bring in and protect illegals while putting Americans in danger. Thousands of criminal illegal aliens were simply released last year. Yes, Obama let them go All Americans are in danger from this open border policy and those in the church community should go to jail for aiding this invasion of our southern border. Leaders of the church-based Sanctuary Movement vowed on Friday to offer their places of worship as refuge for immigrants facing deportation under an Obama administration crackdown on Central American families who entered the United States illegally.The statement came two days after The Washington Post first reported the U.S. government was planning a series of raids to remove hundreds of undocumented families as early as January in the first such large-scale effort targeting the recent flood of border crossers.The Department of Homeland Security preparations to intensify deportations of Central American migrants, confirmed by U.S. government sources, drew immediate fire from Democratic presidential candidates and human rights groups.Leaders of the multi-denominational Sanctuary Movement, which has sheltered at least 10 immigrants from deportation over the past 18 months, joined in the criticism on Friday, alluding to the biblical Nativity story of Mary and Joseph seeking refuge before the birth of Jesus. As pastors we know that each and every family is a holy family,  said the Rev. Alison Harrington, pastor of Southside Presbyterian Church in Tucson, Arizona.  We open our doors to today s Josephs and Marys.   The gift we have to offer on Christmas Day is the gift of sanctuary. The Sanctuary Movement, which Harrington said encompasses about 50 congregations in a dozen U.S. cities, made headlines in January by providing refuge in Philadelphia to a Honduran woman whose two children were born in the United States. She ultimately won a two-year reprieve from deportation.The Rev. Noel Anderson, a coordinator for the affiliated Church World Service, put the overall number of congregations supporting the sanctuary network at about 300 in more than 20 states nationwide.Immigrants from El Salvador, Guatemala and Nicaragua have been streaming into the United States from Mexico by the thousands since early 2014   many of them unaccompanied minors and families   fleeing extreme poverty, gangs and drug violence in their home countries.Most were detained after turning themselves in at the border seeking asylum, but were released to surrounding communities after initial screening to await further proceedings.A 2008 U.S. anti-human tracking law bars undocumented Central American children from being summarily sent back, as they could be if they were from Mexico or Canada.Government sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, have said the new campaign by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency marks an expansion from mostly targeting individuals to pursuing families with undocumented members who have already been ordered to leave.Asked why the agency was singling out families, a spokesperson said the crackdown focused on individuals who pose a threat to national security, public safety and border security,  whether alone or with family members. Support for the move came from U.S. Senate Homeland Security Committee Chairman Ron Johnson, a Wisconsin Republican, who said it would help  eliminate the incentive that results from allowing 95.6 percent of these illegal immigrants to stay. Harrington said she feared the crackdown will ensnare many who lacked sufficient time or legal representation to prepare asylum claims and  were too quickly put through the system. ",0
14750,PAUL RYAN: American Companies Will Close Without Foreign Labor,"Paul Ryan is just like all the other establishment politicians from both sides of the aisle who have sold the American worker down the river for cheap labor. Foreign workers have been coming in to America by the droves to take over jobs that Americans had. In some cases, the American worker is required to train the foreign worker who s taking their job. Disney has been called out on doing this to its workers who fought back against it. The Chamber of Commerce is in the pocket of the establishment and they are all for more and more immigration that will ultimately hurt the American worker. In a Tuesday morning interview with radio host Bill Bennett,Paul Ryan defended his omnibus bill s controversial expansion in the H-2B visa program, which would allow foreign workers to fill blue-collar American jobs, by arguing that if the provision were not included, American companies would be forced to shut their doors.Bennett pressed Ryan on the details of the H-2B visa expansion, slipped 700-pages into Ryan s 2,009-page omnibus spending bill asking Ryan directly,  Do you believe there are not enough Americans to fill these jobs? In response, Ryan described the H-2B visa expansion as  a very small, discrete provision. Despite the nation s high levels of unemployment and stagnating wages, Ryan continued on to assert, without offering evidence in support of his claim, that corporations are facing a shortage of labor, which rendered the provision necessary. Ryan said:The reason that this was passed is because there was some seasonal surge jobs that they can t find local workers to fill, like the seafood packaging industry in Chesapeake Bay. You have seafood season, you need people to package those things, to can them. In the North, we have the summer tourism industry. What it is is there s seasonal industries where they can t find local people to do the jobs: kids are already in college or things like that where you have a surge in workers.Ryan explained that the provision was passed specifically  to help small business who cannot find labor when there s a surge in demand for their labor like seafood processing, or tourism. Ryan warned,  The point is these businesses would have shut down without this and that s what we didn t want to see happen. We didn t want to see businesses, who are seasonal, shut down because they couldn t get the labor. That s why this provision was passed in July. The data, however, demonstrates Ryan s claim to be unsubstantiated. As Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL)80% has highlighted, the Economic Policy Institute has documented how,  wages were stagnant or declining for workers in all of the top 15 H-2B occupations between 2004 and 2014. Unemployment rates increased in all but one of the top 15 H-2B occupations between 2004 and 2014, and all 15 occupations averaged very high unemployment rates  Flat and declining wages coupled with such high unemployment rates over such a long period of time suggest a loose labor market an over-supply of workers rather than an under-supply.Cries of so-called  labor shortages  are frequently invoked by corporations and immigration expansionist who want to see large increases in low-wage labor. As immigration attorney Ian Smith has explained, Ryan s resurrection and expansion of the controversial provision in Sen. Marco Rubio s Gang of Eight bill to increase guest-worker programs will disproportionately  hurt America s most vulnerable workers  such as black workers, single women, the elderly, and first-generation immigrants.While Ryan argues that more low-wage immigrant labor is needed to fill labor shortages, National Review s Rich Lowry has previously declared,  The next time I hear a Republican strategist or a Republican politician say that there are jobs that Americans won t do, that person should be shot, he should be hanged, he should be wrapped in a carpet and thrown in the Potomac River. Ryan s push to expand immigration comes on top of the nation s existing federal policy of autopilot visa dispensations. Under current policy, every day the U.S. brings in enough new immigrants to fill an overcrowded, metropolitan high school. Every week, the United States brings in enough new immigrants to fill the Staples Center, where the Los Angeles Lakers play. Every year, we add an immigrant population the size of Dallas. And every three years, the U.S. adds another entire city of Los Angeles, made up of foreign-born immigrants.Ryan, however, seems to believe these numbers should be even bigger, even as the U.S. foreign-born population is already at an all-time high of 42.4 million.Perhaps the most unusual aspect of Ryan s using conservative talk radio platforms to make arguments for expanded immigration is that the Republican Party is now in the position of having an electorate that is almost universally opposed (92 percent according to Pew) to immigration increases, but it is led by a House Speaker who has a two-decade long history of pushing for higher rates of immigration. This means that one segment of the electorate, perhaps most in favor of immigration reductions, now has as its leader one of the politicians most associated with pushing for expanded immigration.Read more: Breitbart",0
14751,“Dead Broke” Clintons Hanging At 21 Club In NYC Sipping Pricey Bubbly,"Dead broke! yes, that another doozy that Hillary told about their post White House life. But  Clinton grifters are breaking into the Cristal champagne to celebrate another Clinton spawn. Oh joy! If this is dead broke then I think I d like to be dead broke too!Bill and Hillary Clinton celebrated news of their second grandchild at  21,  where spies said Bill asked the ma tre d  to unearth a bottle of bubbly the couple left there to chill in 1997.We re told the Clintons arrived at the storied restaurant with daughter Chelsea, son-in-law Marc Mezvinsky and Marc s parents on Monday   the night before Chelsea tweeted that she s expecting her second child.A regular at  21  told Page Six,  The Clintons asked [general manager] Teddy Suric to go to the wine cellar and check on a magnum of Cristal from 1997, when Chelsea was 17. They d said,  Keep it on ice for when we come back!  They were ready for the bubbly 18 years later.Via: NYP",0
14752,WOW! Why George W. Bush Never Left DC Until After Christmas Day,"Meanwhile, the Obama s jet off to Hawaii every year well before Christmas. When you read the reason why the Bush s wait in DC until after Christmas day, you ll see why its really all about putting others before yourself Like many Americans, U.S. presidents often take time off around the holidays.However, according to journalist Joseph Curl, who previously covered the White House, former President George W. Bush went on Christmas vacation in a way that stands in direct contrast to President Barack Obama. [H]ere s the thing: In December, we never left Washington, D.C., until the day after Christmas. Never. Mr. Bush and his wife, Laura, would always depart the White House a few days before the holiday and hunker down at Camp David, the presidential retreat in Maryland,  Curl wrote in a 2013 column that was republished Thursday.After a few years, curiosity finally got to the former Washington Times reporter and he asked a low-level administration official why. I still remember what she said,  Curl wrote.  So all of us can be with our families on Christmas. Who was  us ? Hundreds and hundreds of people, that s who. Sure, the reporters who covered the president, but also dozens and dozens on his staff, 100 Secret Service agents, maybe more, and all of those city cops required whenever the president s on the move in D.C.,  Curl added in his column.However, things seemingly changed when Obama took office. [T]his president would never delay his trip to his island getaway. He s off every year well before Christmas. Hundreds and hundreds head off with him, leaving family behind,  Curl wrote. No Christmas at home,  he added.  Instead, the Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resort. Nice, but not exactly home.  Via: The Blaze",0
14753,SYRIAN MUSLIM MAN WHOSE Family Perished On Trip So He Could Get Free Dental Care Has New Spokesperson Role,"Who better than a man who risked the lives of his wife and children to get free dental care to ask taxpayers in Europe and America to open their doors to more freeloading Muslims? THE father of a little boy who drowned while fleeing Syria has pleaded with the world to  open its doors  to refugees.Three-year-old Alan Kurdi died along with his mother Rehanna and five-year-old brother Ghalib in September.They paid cruel people smugglers thousands to reach Greece by boat after fleeing their war-ravaged homeland.But pictures of his lifeless body washed up on a Turkish beach forced politicians to tackle the refugee crisis.His father Abdullah Kurdi said:  My message is I d like the whole world to open its doors to Syrians. If a person shuts a door in someone s face, this is very difficult. When a door is opened they no longer feel humiliated. He added:  At this time of year I would like to ask you all to think about the pain of fathers, mothers and children who are seeking peace and security. We ask just for a little bit of sympathy from you. Via: ExpressUK",0
14754,French Journalist Hit With Huge Fine For “Inciting Hate” Against Muslims…Even Though We All Know What He Said Is True,"Americans should pay close attention to this story, especially after Loretta Lynch announced the US Government will punish anyone for anti-Muslim speech.Journalist and writer  ric Zemmour has once again been fined   this time 3,000 euros   for inciting to hate Muslims. Le Parisien reports:Polemicist Eric Zemmour was sentenced on Thursday to a fine of 3,000 euros for provoking hatred towards Muslims, as a result of comments he made to the Italian daily Corriere della Sera in October 2014. In particular, he declared that the Muslims  have their civil code, it s the Koran,  that they  live among themselves in the suburbs. The French are forced to leave.  The prosecution had asked for a fine of 10,000 euros. I believe we re heading for chaos. This situation of a people in the people, of Muslims in the French people, will lead us to chaos and to civil war,  he added.  Millions of persons live here, in France, but refuse to live in the French manner. ric Zemmour was at the time promoting his book Le Suicide fran ais.Note: First, the use of the term  polemicist  to describe Zemmour is a deliberate attempt by the media to emphasize his  warlike  nature and his refusal to debate. The word evokes hostility and single-mindedness. Second, Zemmour s reference to a possible civil war preceded by fourteen months the statement by Manuel Valls, between the two rounds of the regional elections, that an FN victory would lead to civil war. No one prosecuted Valls. Third, there is an implication that Zemmour s words were intended to provoke in order to sell more books, since he was on a book tour in Italy.During the hearing in the Paris criminal court, the polemicist had maintained that he was speaking of  the Muslims in the suburbs who organize and who are planning to secede.  Prosecutor Annabelle Philippe deemed that his remarks that she regarded as  stigmatizing and without nuance , were aimed at the  totality of the Muslim community.  The court agreed stating that at no point in the interview did he reduce his comments to  just a fraction  of Muslims. The whole of Zemmour s remarks  rests on an eminently divisive assumption: that the Muslim community, in its essence and its culture, is in opposition to the French and to the French people,  said the judges. Claiming to relate an ineluctable evolution,  ric Zemmour proposes to his readers the only option capable, in his eyes, of avoiding civil war: an organized and forced departure from France of the entire Muslim community.  The court lambasted his  warlike and catastrophe-prone semantics  that denote  the conceptual passage from a probable reality to a solution at once credible and desirable. Note: So it is a crime in France to express a  credible  solution to a  probable  reality? It s a crime to even envisage a chaotic situation caused by Islamic doctrine?His lawyer Olivier Pardo, who plans to appeal, reacted:  The remarks made by  ric Zemmour before the November 13 attacks are today shared by a large part of those who voice their opinion. I cannot help but note the relentlessness to which he was subjected. The polemicist was also condemned to pay one or one thousand euros, depending on the case, in damages to the associations comprising the plaintiffs. To that will be added court costs, for a total of 13,003 euros.Note: Criminal and civil trials are combined here. While we would have a separate civil suit, in France the damages are meted out in the criminal court.The judges  decision  again has recognized that  ric Zemmour is a propagator of hatred,  deemed Sabrina Goldman, attorney for LICRA (International League against Racism and Antisemitism).  His words are all the more dangerous because he presents himself as the apostle of truth; he claims to tell the truth when in fact he only expresses hatred,  she declared. The president of SOS Racism, Dominique Sopo, expressed satisfaction that the justice system had reminded us that  freedom of expression is not freedom to spread hatred . He also said:  It makes you wonder again how he can hold such a position of authority in the media.  Via: LeParisian",0
14755,"MUSLIM ACTIVISTS LAUNCH VOTER REGISTRATION DRIVE, As They Know 2016 Election Will Decide America’s Future","Who would ve guessed? A coalition of U.S.-based Muslim groups claiming that anti-Muslim backlash is on the rise in the wake of the terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino hopes to register one million people to vote before the 2016 election as part of a  civic empowerment initiative. Oussama Jammal, the secretary general of the U.S. Council on Muslim Organizations, also announced in a press conference held Monday at the National Press Club that the group will  seek to increase emergency preparedness for Islamic institutions and individuals to address the rising number of incidents of hate crimes that are unfortunately happening nationwide. While the press conference participants   who hailed from such groups as the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA), and the Islamic Circle of North America (ICNA)   focused little attention on the recent terrorist attacks, they focused on some of the political rhetoric that has followed.To address what they perceive as public and political backlash, the groups plan the massive Muslim voter outreach as well as a  major educational outreach  which will include a  One America  program aimed at helping non-Muslims understand Islam.One speaker, ISNA vice president Atlaf Husain, urged local, state and federal politicians who  aspire to political victory  to engage Muslims.He also cautioned:  If you as a political candidate choose to spew hatred, bigotry and to vilify Muslim-Americans, you do so at your own political risk. We will use every democratic   small  d    democratic means political strategies to ensure that your candidacy never succeeds. Press conference participants were vague on how the massive Muslim voter registration effort will unfold.Responding to a reporter s question on the matter, Jammal said that the coalition will mobilize the Muslim community through early voting efforts and by busing and shuttling voters to polling stations. Via: Daily Caller",0
14756,COPYCAT DEMS Fundraise Off Of Trump Lookalike Hat,"Can they not find something original? The Democrats are trying to fundraise off of Donald Trump s hat copycatsThe Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) is trying to raise money for 2016 House races with its own version of Donald Trump s infamous  Make America Great Again  hat.The DCCC s hat comes in blue, and says  Make Congress Blue Again.  Unlike various outside efforts to troll Trump ( Make America Hate Again,  et cetera), the DCCC s hat seems an earnest effort to appropriate a slogan that has proven the most effective of the cycle.Democrats, who need 30 seats to win the House, are ambivalent about Trump. Some boast that Trump would be the easiest general election opponent for Hillary Clinton; he is one of the only candidates with worse approval ratings.The DCCC has let it be known that it intends to tie vulnerable House Republicans to Trump.  You can denounce his comments but that only means so much if you would still vote for him,  a DCCC official told Roll Call recently.At the same time, Democrats are quietly worried about Trump s ability to motivate disaffected voters to come to the polls.In November, the Democratic Governors Association blamed  Trump-mania  for the surprise victory of Tea Party favorite Matt Bevin over Attorney General Jack Conway in the race for Kentucky governor:  Unfortunately, he ran into the unexpected headwinds of Trump-mania, losing to an outsider candidate in the year of the outsider. Washington Post commentator Jonathan Capehart has warned Democrats:  Trump s support is deeper than we want to admit. And if we re really being honest, we know his support doesn t just reside within the Republican Party. Thus, Trump s  I really don t give a damn  mien could prove dangerous to a Clinton campaign that prizes control. Via: Breitbart",0
14757,Huge Backlash Against Hillary Clinton’s Pandering To Hispanics #NotMyAbuela,"People sense when they re being pandered to and it s no secret that Hillary Clinton is a master panderer We ve seen her in Southern states turn on the fake accent pandering to the people down there. As a Southerner, this makes me crazy! She doesn t realize we can spot a phony a mile away. Besides the pandering to hispanics by using their language she also gives me the creeps when she acts like she s America s grandma. You just know she s not a warm and fuzzy little grandma but a political hack with a shrill voice who s demanding to be crowned Queen Hillary. It s all just so fake Hillary Clinton s clumsy pandering to racial groups, and her campaign theme of portraying herself as America s Grandma-in-Chief, collided in a website post inviting Hispanic voters to think of her as their abuela, or grandmother.The mockery greeting this post #NotMyAbuela isn t the reaction Clinton s campaign was hoping for.The post is entitled  7 things Hillary Clinton has in common with your abuela.  (It was originally called  7 ways Hillary Clinton is just like your abuela,  but her tone-deaf campaign team hastily changed it after the backlash began.) Those seven things, as described by the vast army of highly-paid political consultants this particular abuela employs, include:She worries about children everywhere. Because no one else running for President worries about children.She knows what s best. (This point wins extra creepy totalitarian points by citing Clinton s enthusiasm for climate change as an example of  knowing what s best.  The climate change movement is increasingly focused on asserting that democracy ends where their theology begins, and unquestioning compliance with their demands is mandatory.)She reacts this way when people le faltan el respeto. In other words, when people fail to show respect. This probably isn t the right tack for a gazillionaire aristocrat noted for her arrogance to present herself to voters.The Clinton campaign demonstrated how she reacts to people who don t show respect with a GIF of Clinton looking exasperated at a congressional hearing   a moment from the Benghazi hearing, perhaps? Double clueless points for campaign staff if so. Too bad Clinton didn t show the men who died in Benghazi some respect, isn t it?She reads to you before bedtime. Yes, this is seriously a point the Clinton campaign thinks will sell a presidential candidate to Hispanic voters. Enjoy being patronized, folks!She isn t afraid to talk about the importance of el respecto (especially when it comes to women). Well, except for women who accuse her husband of sexual harassment or assault, that is. The example of Clinton s soaring respect for women is her lecturing Donald Trump about daring to say he  cherishes  them, which is pretty weak tea for a woman running as Feminist Numero Uno.She likes to highlight accomplishments. The example provided is a GIF of Clinton saying she has  met and worked with DREAMers.  What about all her  accomplishments  as Secretary of State?.. And she had one word for Donald Trump. The word is basta, or  enough. This couldn t be more patronizing if it had been whipped up by Trump s campaign as a phony website to make Hillary Clinton look bad.Via: Breitbart",0
14758,#BlackLivesMatterTerrorists Shut Down Kids Visits With Santa At Mall…Attempt To Shut Down Major Airport In MN,"These poor kids have probably practiced for months for this performance, only to have it cancelled by a bunch of low life terrorists:The Minnetonka West MS 8th grade choir was scheduled to sing in the rotunda of the #MOA. They cancelled their performance. #BLM protest  Mark J. Westpfahl (@MarkJWestpfahl) December 23, 2015As if locking 8th graders out of their Christmas concert for shoppers wasn t enough, this group of terrorists had to shut down Santa s booth as well. What a shameful group of losers Santa is closing up shop.Repeat: Santa is closing up shop. #MOA #BLM Protest https://t.co/GPFBcMzylv  Mark J. Westpfahl (@MarkJWestpfahl) December 23, 2015Santa & his helpers will temporarily stop working 2. Sorry shoppers, no pics till after #BlackLivesMatter demo over. pic.twitter.com/VNSRoia9qG  Doualy Xaykaothao (@DoualyX) December 23, 2015The mall warned these punks they were not welcome on the premises.Announcement saying it is unlawful to protest, inside #MOA or in parking ramps. #BLM #BlackXmas2 pic.twitter.com/RqzLiD3Ktz  Mark J. Westpfahl (@MarkJWestpfahl) December 23, 2015So the cops came:Shoppers, workers prevented from entering on east ramp, East side of #mallofamerica. Via @MPRnews pic.twitter.com/70G3dOLspx  Doualy Xaykaothao (@DoualyX) December 23, 2015Escalators were closed:Escalators have been shut down. #MOA #BLM protest #blackxmas2 pic.twitter.com/dzOpCP9lDh  Mark J. Westpfahl (@MarkJWestpfahl) December 23, 2015And then there are these pathetic progressives, who according the person tweeting, are holiday travelers condoning the #BlackLivesMatterTerrorists shutting down the airport:Crowd cheering and chanting to let more protesters further into the airport #BlackXmas #Justice4Jamar pic.twitter.com/wXHgxXcBRE  Brandon Long (@BLongStPaul) December 23, 2015",0
14759,WHO NEEDS DEMOCRATS? GOP Consultant Says Establishment Needs To “Put a bullet” In Trump’s Head,"No wonder we ve had the worst Democrat President in the history of the United States for 7 long years!GOP Consultant Rick Wilson says GOP establishment needs to  put a bullet  in Trump s head.Wilson has also hurled insults at Trump supporters the past few months.Breitbart reported: On Tuesday evening, establishment Republican consultant Rick Wilson said the GOP establishment donor class must find a way to  put a bullet  in GOP frontrunner Donald Trump.In an interview with MSNBC s Chris Hayes, Wilson conceded that  Trump is still a very powerful force right now  because he appeals to part of the of the conservative base that Wilson said was activated by his  nativist  message. Wilson insisted that the donor class  can t just sit back on the sidelines and say,  oh well, don t worry, this will all work itself out. They re still going to have to go out and put a bullet in Donald Trump,  Wilson said.  And that s a fact. Republican establishment figures who have underestimated Trump since he entered the race are reportedly looking to raise millions to try to derail Trump and knock him out of the race. Wilson added that the Republican establishment must figure out a way to find a candidate who can successfully  post up  against Hillary Clinton because  neither Donald Trump or Ben Carson is ready to go up against the Clinton machine. Wilson claimed that Trump and Carson are  obviously not ready for primetime. During a September CNN interview, Wilson told Erin Burnett that Trump could  eat a live baby on television  and Trump s supporters  would think it s the greatest thing in America.  He has also demeaned Trump s supporters as  low-information  rubes and has likened them to  post-rational  conspiracy theorists.In an interview with CNN s Don Lemon, Wilson said Trump s message  doesn t have to make sense  for his supporters to back him and compared Trump to someone who is a conspiracy theorist like  your cranky uncle at Thanksgiving  who always has a theory about the Bilderbergers or the World Bank, or the IMF, or the Trilateral Commission. Today Rick Wilson attacked Ann Coulter for supporting Donald Trump. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14760,AWESOME! Conservative Women Speak Up About What They Like In A Politician [Video],"No matter what candidate you re supporting, this is a great example of what Americans REALLY want in a leader. Just listen to these women and you ll hear that they want honesty and strength in our next president. This video was recorded at the Grand Rapids, MI Trump Rally: (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Women like Donald Trump at Grand Rapids, Michigan rallyWomen like Donald Trump at Grand Rapids, Michigan rallyPosted by The American Mirror on Tuesday, 22 December 2015",0
14761,BLACK LIVES MATTER TERRORISTS May Be Shut Down: Mall Of America Files Restraining Order,"ter ror ist  ter r st/ noun a person who uses terrorism in the pursuit of political aims. synonyms: extremist, fanatic; revolutionary, radical, insurgent, guerrilla, anarchist, freedom fighter; bomber, gunman, assassin, hijacker, arsonist, incendiaryThe Mall of America has requested a temporary restraining order against Black Lives Matter leaders in the hopes of heading off a protest intended to shut down the shopping center during the busiest shopping day of the Christmas season.From KARE11.com: MINNEAPOLIS   The Mall of America has filed for a restraining order against leaders of Black Lives Matter (BLM) in an attempt to head off a protest scheduled for one of the busiest shopping days of the year.The legal documents, filed in Hennepin County Court, name BLM leaders Michael McDowell, Miski Noor, Lena Gardner, Kandace Montgomery and four others named only as John Does 1 through 4 as defendants. The request for the temporary restraining order says BLM has been using its Facebook and Twitter pages to promote a demonstration at the Mall of America s East Rotunda at 1 p.m. on December 23, 2015.In asking for a restraining order, attorneys for MOA point to a similar protest held on December 20, 2014 involving approximately 1,000 protesters inside the mall. A number of the demonstrators were arrested and charged with trespassing. The legal action maintains that MOA and its tenants suffered irreparable harm, including reduced guests and sales. The mall says traffic counts for the number of cars entering parking ramps on that day were down 15 percent from statistics from the previous five years, which translates into 24,000 fewer shoppers. Mall attorneys maintain that many retailers reported double digit decreases in sales on December 20,2014, the date of that demonstration. Via: Breitbart News",0
14762,IS TRUMP A RACIST? Famous Italian-American “Gets It” With This Epic Response [Video],Robert Davi gives a great answer to Neil Cavuto s question: Is Trump a racist? ,0
14763,MEDIA IGNORES POST ON FACEBOOK From Man Who Threatened To Blow Up CA Mosque: “Hillary Would Make A Great President”,"Of course in their blind rage for the conservative Right, the media did everything in their power to blame this sick person s actions on who else the GOP frontrunner and one of the Tea Party favorites, Donald J. Trump The mainstream media are reporting that a Bay Area plumber who allegedly planned to bomb a California mosque was a Donald Trump supporter though he explicitly supported Hillary Clinton.On Sunday, police arrested 55-year-old William Celli  on suspicion of possessing an explosive device and making criminal threats,  CBS San Francisco reported. A bomb squad detonated a device at his house. The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) cheered the arrest.CBS elaborated further:  On Facebook, Celli repeatedly praised Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, whose plan to bar any Muslims from entering the United States has drawn criticism even as he continues to rise in the polls. The Huffington Post and other left-wing sites played up Celli s support of Trump, implying that Trump was responsible for  propelling  bigotry and  white domestic terrorism  into the  mainstream  of political debate.What the media left out, however, is that Celli also praised Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton.In one post, Celli wrote:  Hillary Would make a great president. If she would commit to what she is hiding. But she has to crucify the president. Then her run for the White house is over. Via: Breitbart News",0
14764,FOX News Just Announced Moderators For Next GOP Debate…This Could Be YUGE!,"Will Megyn Kelly be working towards a  gotcha moment  that has the press talking about her the next day, or will she focus on more serious issues facing Americans? Fox News  Megyn Kelly will moderate her second GOP presidential primary debate on Jan. 28, just days before the Iowa caucuses, the network announced Monday.The seventh scheduled showdown between the GOP candidates, which will be held at the Iowa Events Center in Des Moines, will air at 9:00 p.m. EST.The network hasn t explained yet how candidates can qualify to participate in the last debate before the Iowa caucuses.Fox s Bret Baier and Chris Wallace will also return for a second time to moderate along with Kelly. The three anchors moderated the first GOP debate on Aug. 6, which ended with Trump accusing Kelly of unfair treatment. Via: Washington Examiner",0
14765,OBAMA WARNS: Crackdown On Terrorism In U.S. Would Violate Iran Deal,"Never mind that Iran continues to violate Obama s lopsided deal Senior Obama administration officials are expressing concern that congressional attempts to tighten laws preventing terrorists from entering the United States could violate the Iran nuclear agreement and prompt Tehran to walk away from the agreement.Congress is considering measures that would tighten the Visa Waiver Program to make it harder for potential terrorists to legally enter the United States by increasing restrictions on individuals who have travelled to countries with prominent terrorist organizations from bypassing security checks upon entering the United States.Iranian officials have in recent days repeatedly issued threatening statements to the Obama administration, saying that such moves would violate the nuclear agreement, and the Obama administration last week conveyed the Iranian anger to American lawmakers.Stephen Mull, the State Department official in charge of implementing the Iran deal, warned the Senate Foreign Relations Committee late last week that these congressional efforts  could have a very negative impact on the deal. Under the revised law, which came in the week of a deadly terrorist attack in California, individuals who have travelled to Iran a lead sponsor of global terrorism would no longer be eligible to participate in the Visa Waiver Program, which permits individuals from 38 partner nations to more easily enter the United States.Congress remains concerned that gaps in the program could prevent federal law enforcement officials from detecting terror-tied individuals before they are granted entrance to U.S. soil.However, a portion of the Iran nuclear deal mandates that the United States not take any action that could harm Iran s economic relationships with other countries. Iranian officials maintain that the new restrictions violate this passage of the deal.Ali Larijani, the speaker of Iran s parliament, said last week that these tightened measures  are aimed at harassment  and that they  blatantly violate the nuclear agreement,  according to comments carried by the Iranian state-controlled press.Larijani warned that this action will detonate the deal before it has even been implemented. If the Americans pursue the plan, they will destroy an achievement with their own hands since it is against the [nuclear deal] and it will trouble them,  he warned.Rep. Chris Murphy (D., Conn.) echoed these concerns last week when he questioned Mull during a Senate hearing.Visa waiver reform efforts include  a naming of Iran such that individuals who have travelled to Iran will no loner be eligible for the visa waiver program,  Murphy said.  There has been a suggestion because there is an element of the agreement that obligates us to not to take steps that would stop economic relations between other nations and Iran that we could perhaps be in jeopardy of breaching the agreement. Mull agreed with this assessment. I have heard from very senior, and Secretary [of State John] Kerry has as well, from very senior officials of differing European allies of ours that it could have a very negative impact on the deal,  he said.Sources working with Congress on the Iran deal criticized the Obama administration for attempting to stymie increased action on terrorism due to its desire to preserve the nuclear deal. According to the Obama administration s latest interpretation, the nuclear deal allows Iran to test ballistic missiles in violation of international law, but does not allow Congress to prevent terrorists from coming into the United States,  Omri Ceren, the managing director of press and strategy at The Israel Project, a D.C.-based organization that works with journalists on Middle East issues, told the Washington Free Beacon.Seyed Araqchi, Iran s deputy foreign minister, also warned that Iran is prepared to  take action  against the United States for implementing visa restrictions.Iran s latest threat to break the deal comes amid numerous Iranian provocations, including multiple tests of advanced ballistic missiles, acts prohibited under United Nations Security Council resolutions.The Obama administration repeatedly said that, while it does not agree with those launches, they do not violate the nuclear deal.Via: WFB",0
14766,"MOST AWKARD MOMENT EVER: 6 Months After Trump Sells Miss Universe Pageant, Host Announces He Named Wrong Winner, Takes Back Crown [VIDEO]","A painfully awkward and heartbreaking moment for the contestants and the audience members. Trump says this never would have happened if he still owned the pageant LAS VEGAS   The Miss Universe contestant from the Philippines is this year s winner, but for one brief moment Sunday evening, it appeared as if it might be a repeat win for Colombia.https://youtu.be/nmqAjr0xs04Colombia contestant Ariadna Gutierrez Arevalo was already wearing the crown as this year s Miss Universe when host Steve Harvey returned to apologize.Harvey said it was his mistake and that he would take responsibility for not correctly reading the card, which said that contestant Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach of the Philippines was this year s winner and Colombia was actually the first runner-up.He held up the card for Fox network cameras to see up close afterward. Talking with reporters afterward, Harvey and an executive for pageant owner WME-IMG called it human error. Nobody feels worse about this than me,  he said.A mystified Wurtzbach appeared stunned as she walked to the front of the stage alongside the crown-wearing Gutierrez before last year s Miss Universe from Colombia removed the crown and placed it on Wurtzbach s head.Wurtzbach later said she felt conflicting emotions as the mistake happened: joy when she was told she had indeed won, concern for Gutierrez and confusion at the whole situation.Wurtzbach said she tried to approach Gutierrez onstage afterward but the Colombian was crying and surrounded by a crowd of women. She said she realized it was  probably bad timing. I did not take the crown from her,  Wurtzbach told reporters after the pageant concluded, saying she wished the contestant from Colombia well and hoped the Latin American community understands that  none of this was my fault. None of this was done on purpose. It was an honest mistake,  she said, apologizing on behalf of the organization she now represents. She said Harvey told her afterward that she  should just enjoy the moment. Harvey also apologized on Twitter, but at first misspelled the home countries of both contestants before also fixing that. I d like to apologize wholeheartedly to Miss Colombia & Miss Philippines for my huge mistake,  he wrote.  I feel terrible. NBCUniversal and Trump co-owned the Miss Universe Organization until earlier this year. The real estate developer offended Hispanics in June when he made anti-immigrant remarks in announcing his Republican presidential run.That led Spanish-language network Univision to pull out of the broadcast for what would have been the first of five years airing the pageants and NBC to cut business ties with Trump.The former star of the  Celebrity Apprentice  reality show sued both companies, settling with NBC in September, which included buying the network s stake in the pageants.That same month, Trump sold the organization that includes the Miss Universe, Miss USA and Miss Teen USA pageants to entertainment company WME-IMG. Via: NY Post ",0
14767,Will Hillary Clinton Return The Artifacts She Took When Leaving The White House?,"What the heck! Hillary and Bill really are the grifters I ve always said they were. Here s proof:Hillary Clinton bristled during Saturday s Democratic debate when she was asked about her role as First Lady, which put her in charge of the Clinton administration s White House floral and dining arrangements.But perhaps this Christmas season Clinton could actually return some of the items that she and her husband walked off with during their departure in 2001.As the White House s keyboards were losing their  W  buttons, so too was the First Lady making off with an historic haul in the form of gifts and presents from friends. Some actual White House artifacts ended up being part of the loot, according to Sally Bedell Smith, author of the 2007 book, For Love Of Politics. [The Clintons ] financial-disclosure forms revealed that they walked away with $190,027 worth of furniture, china, flatware, art, and other gifts, nearly half of it acquired in their final year. It also turned out that they took some property that actually belonged to the permanent White House collection. How did Clinton obtain these gifts, despite the fact that she was legally banned, as a United States Senator, from taking gifts over $50?She took advantage of her status as First Lady to get around the rules, and claimed that she got the gifts at White House during Christmas time, days before she was sworn in to the Senate.The Associated Press reported in 2001 that  as A Senator, Mrs. Clinton Is Prohibited From Accepting Most Gifts Worth More Than $50. But Since The Presents Arrived While She Still Was First Lady, No Such Limit Applied. Read more: Breitbart",0
14768,EPIC BACKFIRE: The Left Makes Video Warning Followers About Possible Cruz Victory…Ends Up Looking Like Cruz Promo,"Does anyone remember a time in recent history that candidates in the Republican party caused so many hissy fits by the Left?// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Is Ted Cruz Scarier than Donald Trump?Trump may get the headlines, but Ted Cruz has got the game.Posted by AJ+ on Friday, 18 December 2015h/t Gerald Ewing",0
14769,FLESH EATING DISEASE IN AMERICA? Yep…Syrian Refugees May Be Bringing Disease With Them,"And here we thought terrorism was the only thing we needed to be concerned about There is a risk that Middle Eastern refugees entering the U. S .  could be infected with a flesh-eating disease that is sweeping across Syria.Health agencies confirmed that Syrian refugees have transported leishmaniasis to Lebanon and Turkey, where it has been difficult to manage and treat.Compounding the problem,  patients can be infected with  the parasitic disease  without showing symptoms for weeks, months, or even years,  and  an asymptomatic patient most likely doesn t know that he or she is a carrier. This means the health screening process for refugees could miss the disease entirely .Breitbart Jerusalem spoke with healthcare experts, including an epidemiologist from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC s Immigrant, Refugee, and Migrant Health Branch, which is responsible for guiding the medical screening of the Syrian refugees seeking to enter the U.S.Volcano-like ulcersLeishmaniasis is a disease caused by protozoan parasites. It is spread almost entirely by sandflies, including those present in the U.S.There are three main types of the disease: cutaneous, mucocutaneous, and visceral leishmaniasis.Cutaneous is the most common form among Syrians. It manifests in skin sores  that typically develop within a few weeks or months of a sand fly bite. The sores can initially appear as bumps or nodules and may evolve into volcano-like ulcers.Mucocutaneous leishmaniasis causes skin ulcers like the cutaneous form ,  as well as mucosal ulcers  that usually damage the nose and mouth.Visceral leishmaniasis, which has also been found among Syrian refugees, is the most serious form and can be fatal. It damages internal organs, usually the spleen and liver, and also affects bone marrow.Refugees transmit to Lebanon, Turkey; threat to Europe, U.S. L ast year, the CDC published a study of a September 2012 outbreak among Syrian refugees. The investigation found:Fifty-nine percent of patients had more than one of the following: disease compromising the function of vital sensory organs (eye, ear, nose, and mouth) (27%); lesions of greater than 5 cm in diameter (49%); disfiguring facial lesions (37%); special forms, such as sporotrichoid or lymphangietic with satellite lesions (9%); and lesions present for more than 12 months  duration.Earlier this month, the news media hyped a story that the Islamic State was causing the spread of leishmaniasis, because     as the U . K . s Mirror newspaper put it  -  militants were  slaughtering innocent people and dumping their bodies in the street. L eishmaniasis has been spreading like wildfire in Syria since the health system collapsed in rebel-held territories in 2011. By 2012, there were already 52,982 documented cases of the disease in SyriaAlso in 2012, the CDC documented that  migration patterns of refugees with cutaneous leishmanias is were identified in Lebanon,  with the health agency producing a helpful illustration showing the disease s  movement from cities in Syria to regions in Lebanon. The peer-reviewed medical journal Pathogens noted that  Lebanon had no cases of cutaneous leishmaniasis prior to 2008 and only  sporadic cases in the following years. After the arrival of refugees, 1,033 cases were confirmed by 2012,  96.6% (998) of which were among Syrian refugees.  Writing at AHC Media, a publication for healthcare professionals, Dr. Philip R. Fischer, Professor of Pediatrics at the Mayo Clinic, documented the spread to Turkey as well: As Syrians leave their homeland, they sometimes carry their germs with them. There have been dramatic increases in the number of cases of cutaneous leishmaniasis in southeastern Turkey. In Turkey, 69% of cutaneous leishmaniasis patients are Syrians living in tent cities.Fischer also noted a significant risk of the disease spreading to Europe with the arrival of Syrian refugees.As recent news reports have shown ,  many  Syrian refuges don t stay in Turkey and Lebanon. There is a significant risk that cutaneous leishmaniasis will reemerge in southern Europe,  where the natural vector of  the  L. tropica parasite already exists.Leishmaniasis has been endemic to Syria for centuries. Fischer noted that in 1756 a British physician  referred to the illness as Aleppo boil and Aleppo evil.  However, it was minimized over time due to the advent of insecticides.Medical screeningRefugees who enter the U.S. must undergo medical screening according to protocols established by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC. Each refugee must submit to a physical examination,  including a skin test and possibly a chest x-ray  to check for tuberculosis, as well as a blood test for syphilis.The blood tests do not currently look for leishmani a sis. Clearly,  an attending doctor  could easily spot a patient with obvious skin ulcers. However, leishmani a sis cannot be detected upon physical examination if the patient is asymptomatic, as can be the case for years.Dr. Heather Burke, an epidemiologist from the CDC s Immigrant, Refugee, and Migrant Health Branch, explained to Breitbart News that there is generally a window of three to six months from the initial physical examination until a refugee departs for the U.S.She said a medical examination is valid for six months, and  explained that patients undergo a second examination just prior to departure -  a quicker  fitness to fly  screening. While she conceded  that this final examination is not thorough, she said it would pick up any visible skin lesions. Burke told Brei tbart Jerusalem that she is not aware of a single case of leishmaniasis entering the U.S. via Syrian refugees.Dr. Jane Orient, executive director of the  Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, warned that  most doctors in the U.S. know nothing about leishmaniasis. We d all need to refer patients to tropical diseases specialists,  she told Breitbart Jerusalem.  The treatments are toxic and expensive, and some are not widely available. For Orient, the only sensible public health policy is  for all refugees to pass through a quarantined place like Ellis Island. Officials need to know where they ve been and what diseases occur there. We need sophisticated, reliable screening methods and excellent vector control in any areas where refugees stay. Via: Breitbart News",0
14770,Left Wing Hack George Stephanopoulos Picks A Fight With Trump…Guess Who Comes Out On Top [Video],This is fun! George Stephanopoulos tries his best to hammer Trump in an interview this morning but comes out on the losing end. ,0
14771,Mostly White Group Of Boston College Students Sing Christmas Carols About Racism: ‘Walking Through a White Man’s Wonderland’,"What Catholic college campus would be complete without students who bastardize the lyrics to songs about the birth of Jesus Christ Tis the season to protest, apparently.A group of Boston College student  activists  that go by  Eradicate Boston College Racism  recently perverted the Christmas carol  Walking in a Winter Wonderland  to fit its  Twelve Days of BC Racism campaign,  Boston.com reports.The students distributed lyrics to their re-worked carol and attempted to deliver their rendition to the college s board of trustees during a luncheon Friday, Dec. 5. Rejected, they resorted to singing in the atrium in front of the building. And now we carol for accountability!  the group posted to Twitter Dec. 4, along with a video of their stunt.And now we carol for accountability! #12Days #BostonCollegeRacism #CJBC @bostoncollege pic.twitter.com/7DKuoONzhX  Eradicate BC Racism (@BCRacism) December 4, 2015Here are the lyrics to the song that is being sung by a mostly white chorus:Dear Trustees Are you listenin ? A real plan You are missin . Until you agree, And change we do see, We re walking through a white man s wonderland.Gone away, is our patience. Here to stay: demonstration. Deas tell us to trust But we know we must Keep walkin  through a white man s wonderland.In your meeting you can do some planning, Decide how you ll get us to settle down. If you say,  There s no problem.  We ll say,  No, Man? Try living on this campus If you re brown. More bad press You ll inspire If reforms, you do mire In mounds of red tape. You ll never escape. You re walkin  through a white man s wonderland. At the end of the demonstration, the members read a  wish list  for the board, which asked that a faculty member of color, a staff member of color, and a student of color be added to the board and given voting power,  Boston.com reports.Eradicate Boston College Racism s webpage also detailed the confrontation. After being denied permission to address the Board directly, students sang anti-racist carols from outside the doors to the luncheon in Gasson Hall 100 and presented three demands: 1. One voting student of color on the board, one faculty, one staff; 2. An action plan to address institutional racism supported by a budget (similar to those created at Yale University or Brown University); and 3. The presentation of the plan by representatives of the University at a Town Hall on January 19th, 2016 (the deadline set forth previously by the Executive Council of the Undergraduate Government of Boston College),  according to the site.""White emotional fragility has long been prioritized over black pain & anger in the American public sphere""#BCRacism https://t.co/6bloXu79v9  Eradicate BC Racism (@BCRacism) December 17, 2015No Leftist group in their right mind would ignore the incoming class of Freshman. Here, the Eradicate BC Racism group sends out a tweet in hopes of getting a jump on indoctrinating the young and malleable minds who ve been accepted to this prestigious Catholic college:Hey #BC2020, congrats on your early acceptance! If you choose to attend, we hope you'll join our work to eradicate #BostonCollegeRacism!  Eradicate BC Racism (@BCRacism) December 17, 2015The Left has managed to find a way to tie phony  climate change  to racism. What protest about  racism  would be complete without addressing  climate change? .@BClimateJustice ""what many have received as the issue of our time:a 21 century color line drawn by climate change"" https://t.co/jrfRIorwpz  Eradicate BC Racism (@BCRacism) December 14, 2015The racial justice warriors also posted a video and full text of a speech delivered by student Kwesi Aaron, as well as links to its other  Christmas  celebrations, including  BCPD is Comin  to Town,   Come All Ye Faithful,   I m Dreaming of Whiteness in Academia,   We Wish You a Day of Raciam (sic) Healing & White Accountability,   Have Yourself a Bureaucratic Christmas,   Roasting Admissions on an Open Fire,  Leahy Baby, Slip a Present Under the Tree, For Me,  and  It s Beginning to Look a Lot Like Justice. Via: EAG News",0
14772,What A Joke! Hillary Clinton Goes Missing During Dem Debate: “Sorry” [Video],"Hillary Clinton has a habit of going missing during debates she did this during the last debate. Is she so special that she doesn t need to think of the time? For all 12 people actually watching this farce last night, it was a pretty awkward moment: ",0
14773,No Kidding! Hillary Clinton Campaign Funding The Broke Democratic National Committee,"Isn t it a conflict of interest that Clinton is giving money to the DNC? Ya think!Thanks to Breitbart News for finding an email that exposes the money transfer from the Clinton Campaign to the DNC. The DNC hasn t responded so it would be a great idea to get a Freedom of Information request to see just how much is bring funded to the party since they re $8 million in debt. Yes, the DNC is asking taxpayers to fund their convention no kidding!The Hillary Clinton campaign is quietly making cash transfers to the Democratic National Committee (DNC) to fund state party efforts in the South. Hillary Clinton s deputy national political director Brynne Craig, 30, sent money to a state party chairman. Craig assures the chairman that the Clinton campaign will be making another  transfer  to the DNC. Then Craig said she would  follow up to let you know the amount that is transferred. The email sheds new light on the relationship between the financially insolvent DNC, led by Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and the Clinton campaign. The Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% camp is suing the DNC in federal court ahead of Saturday night s debate in Goffstown, New Hampshire after the DNC banned the Sanders camp from its voter targeting data after it accessed data on Hillary Clinton voters, which was originally supposed to be shared over all of the Democratic campaigns.The Clinton campaign is clearly gearing up for the Southern Democratic Party s vaunted  SEC primary  in March, where Hillary Clinton lost her lead for the nomination in 2008 to then-Senator Barack Obama.Asked to comment, the Clinton campaign did not immediately respond with an answer that provides information about how much money the Clinton campaign transfers to the DNC. The DNC also did not immediately provide that financial information.Here s the email:From: Brynne Craig <******@hillaryclinton.com> Date: November [], 2015 at **** PM CST (To: [] Cc: Richard McDaniel <*********@hillaryclinton.com>, Charles Olivier <********@hillaryclinton.com> Subject: Next Week {}   I hope this email finds you well. Happy early Thanksgiving! I wanted to check in since December is quickly approaching. We are planning to do another transfer to the DNC on December 1st. We will follow up to let you know the amount that is transferred. Please let us know if you have any questions. Thanks, BrynneVia: Breitbart News",0
14774,SWEDEN IS ON BRINK OF COLLAPSE… Gun Purchases Are Way Up…Pepper Spray Selling Out…Muslims Beating Non-Muslims On Streets,"The politically correct country of Sweden paying a very big price for their kindness, generosity and open-borders policy This attack happened in Norrmalmstorg, Stockholm. The two Swedes told them not to vandalize flowerpots   and as a response they got beaten up for it.https://youtu.be/Rsn_1TO1kMUThis is indeed the future of Europe. By their irresponsible, short-sighted, suicidal immigration and refugee policies, Europe s political and media elites have ensured a future of violence, bloodshed and chaos for their people. Sweden, the future of Europe: people stock up on fire arms, police recommend vigilante groups ,  by Nicolai Sennels, 10News.dk, December 12, 2015 (thanks to TheReligionofPeace.com):This is a very interesting read, because the whole of Europe is heading the same way as Sweden. Sweden is, so to speak, the future of Europe. And in this future, those who can afford it pay security companies   the rest gest license for firearms and forms vigilante groups. via: Pamela Gellar You have to understand that Swedes are really scared when an asylum house opens in their village. They can see what has happened in other places.    Salesman for alarm systems.Since Parliament decided in 1975 that Sweden should be multicultural and not Swedish, crime has exploded. Violent crime has increased by over 300% and rapes have increased by an unbelievable 1,472%.The violence at the hands of Muslim migrants  is nothing new to Sweden. This horrific video was published in 2013:Many Swedes see the mass immigration as a forced marriage: Sweden is forced to marry a man she did not choose, yet she is expected to love and honor him, even though he beats her and treats her badly. Her parents (the government) tell her to be warm and show solidarity with him. Are the State and I now in agreement that our mutual contract is being renegotiated?    Alexandra von Schwerin, whose farm who was robbed three times. Police refused to help.Once upon a time, there was a safe welfare state called Sweden, where people rarely locked their doors.Now, this country is a night-watchman state   each man is on his own. When the Minister of Justice, Morgan Johansson, encourages breaking the law, it means opening the gates to anarchy. Mr. and Mrs. Swede have every reason to be worried, with the influx of 190,000 unskilled and unemployed migrants expected this year   equivalent to 2% of Sweden s current population. The number is as if 6.4 million penniless migrants who did not speak English arrived in U.S. in one year, or 1.3 million in Britain.And the Swedes are preparing: demand for firearms licenses is increasing; more and more Swedes are joining shooting clubs and starting vigilante groups. After a slight dip in 2014, the number of new gun permits has gone up significantly again this year. According to police statistics, there are 1,901,325 licensed guns, owned by 567,733 people, in Sweden. Add to this an unknown number of illegal weapons. To get a gun permit in Sweden, you need to be at least 18 years old; law-abiding; well-behaved, and have a hunting license or be a member of an approved shooting club. In 2014, 11,000 people got a hunting license: 10% more than the year before. One out of five was a woman. There is also a high demand for alarm systems right now,  says a salesman at one of the security companies in an interview with Gatestone. It is largely due to the turbulence we are seeing around the country at the moment.  People have lost confidence in the State, he added.  The police will not come anymore. Truck drivers say that when they see a thief emptying the fuel tank of their trucks, they run out with a baseball bat. It is no use calling the police, but if you hit the thief, you can at least prevent him from stealing more diesel. Many homeowners say the same thing: they sleep with a baseball bat under the bed. But this is risky: the police can then say you have been prepared to use force, and that might backfire on you. The salesman, who asked to remain anonymous, also spoke of Sweden s many Facebook groups, in which people in different villages openly discuss how they intend to protect themselves:  Sometimes you get totally freaked out when you see what they are writing. But you have to understand that Swedes are really scared when an asylum house opens in their village. They can see what has happened in other places. One blog, detailing the consequences for the local population when an asylum facility opens, is aptly named Asylkaos ( Asylum Chaos ). There is a list of companies the reader is prompted to boycott; the blog claims these businesses encourage the transformation of Sweden to a multicultural society, and are therefore considered  hostile to Swedes. At another security company, a salesman said that every time the Immigration Service buys or rents a new housing facility, his firm is swamped with calls.  The next day,  he said,  half the village calls and wants to buy alarm systems. Ronny Fredriksson, spokesman of the security company Securitas, said that the demand for home alarm systems first exploded about six years ago, when many local police stations were shut down and police moved to the main towns. This, he said, could result in response times of several hours.  More and more people now employ the services of our security guards. Shopping malls and stores in the city come together and hire guards. We are kind of like the  local beat  cops of old. Even though Securitas makes big money from the increased need for home security alarms and security guards, Fredriksson says they also are worried about the effect on society: The problem is that we too need the police. When our guards catch a burglar or a violent person, we call the police but the response times are often very long. Sometimes, the detainees get violent and quite rowdy. On occasion, the police have told us to release the person we have apprehended, if we have his identity, because they do not have a patrol nearby. Even before the massive influx of migrants in the fall of 2015, Swedes felt a need to protect themselves   and with good reason. Since the Parliament decided in 1975 that Sweden should be multicultural and not Swedish, crime has exploded. Violent crime has increased by more than 300%, and rapes have increased by an unbelievable 1,472%.The politicians, however, ignore the people s fear completely. It is never discussed. Instead, the people who express concern about what kind of country Sweden has become are accused of xenophobia and racism. Most likely, that is the reason more and more people are taking matters into their own hands, and protecting themselves and their families to the best of their ability.All the same, some people do not settle for that. It seems some people are trying to stop mass immigration to Sweden. Almost every day there are reports of fires being set at asylum houses. So far, miraculously, no one has been hurt.These fires are set not only by Swedes. On October 13, a 36-year-old woman living in Skellefte  was convicted of setting fire to the asylum facility in which she herself resided. The woman claimed she lit a candle and then fell asleep. Yet forensic evidence showed that a combustible fluid had been doused throughout the room, and the court found beyond a reasonable doubt that she herself had ignited the fire.The number of violent incidents at Sweden s Immigration Service facilities is now sky-high. In 2013, according to Dispatch International, at least one incident happened every day. When Gatestone Institute recently acquired the incident list for January 1, 2014 through October 29, 2015, that number had risen to 2,177 incidents of threats, violence and brawls   on average, three per day.The Swedish government, however, would apparently rather not talk about that. Foreign Minister Margot Wallstr m conceded, in an interview with the daily Dagens Nyheter that garnered international attention, that Sweden is, in fact, heading for a systemic breakdown: Most people seem to think we cannot maintain a system where perhaps 190,000 people will arrive every year. In the long run, our system will collapse. This welcome is not going to receive popular support. We want to give people who come here a worthy reception. Symptomatic of Swedish journalists, this statement was tucked away at the end of the article. The headline was about how the political party that is critical of immigration, the Sweden Democrats Party (Sverigedemokraterna), is responsible for the asylum-housing fires. But foreign media, such as The Daily Mail and Russia Today, picked up Wallstr m s warning about a systemic collapse and ran it as the urgent news it actually is.Nevertheless, in official Sweden, the imminent collapse is ignored. Instead, journalists exclusively focus on attacks by supposedly  racist  Swedes on refugee centers. To prevent new fires, the Immigration Service decided on October 28 that from now on, all asylum facilities would have secret addresses. And meager police resources will now be stretched even further   to protect asylum seekers. Police helicopters will even patrol refugee centers. But considering there are only five helicopters available, and that Sweden s landmass is 407,340 square km (157,274 square miles), this gesture is effectively empty.At a meeting with the Nordic Council in Reykjavik, Iceland, on October 27, Sweden s Prime Minister, Stefan L fven, was questioned by his Nordic colleagues about the situation in Sweden. L fven had recently said that,  We should have the option of relocating people applying for asylum in Sweden to other EU-countries. Our ability, too, has a limit. We are facing a paradigm shift.  That comment led a representative of Finland s Finns Party (Sannfinl ndarna) to wonder, with a hint of irony, how mass immigration to Sweden, which for years Swedish politicians have touted as being so profitable, has now suddenly become a burden.Another Finns Party representative, Simon Elo, pointed out that the situation in Sweden is out of control.  Sweden has great abilities, but not even the Swedes have abilities that great,  Elo said.When L fven was asked how he is dealing with the real concerns and demands of the citizenry, his answer was laconic:  Of course I understand there is concern,  L fven said.  It is not easy. But at the same time   there are 60 million people on the run. This is also about them being our fellow men, and I hope that viewpoint will prevail. The daily tabloid Expressen asked L fven about the attacks on asylum facilities. He replied,  Our communities should not be characterized by threats and violence, they should be warm and show solidarity. As if such behavior can be forced.Many Swedes see mass immigration as a forced marriage: Sweden is forced to marry a man she did not choose, yet she is expected to love and honor him even though he beats her and treats her badly. And on top of that, her parents (the government) tell her to be warm and show solidarity with him.More and more Swedish commentators are now drawing the same conclusion: that Sweden is teetering on the brink of collapse. Editorial columnist Ivar Arpi of the daily Svenska Dagbladet, wrote an astonishing article on October 26, about a woman named Alexandra von Schwerin and her husband. The couple lives on the Skarhults Estate farm in Sk ne in southern Sweden; they have been robbed three times. Most recently, they were robbed of a quad bike, a van and a car. When the police arrived, von Schwerin asked them what she should do. The police told her that they could not help her.  All our resources are on loan to the asylum reception center in Trelleborg and Malm ,  they said.  We are overloaded right now. So I suggest you get in touch with the vigilante group in Esl v. What the police had called a  vigilante group  turned out to be a group of private business owners. In 2013, after being robbed more or less every night, they had decided to come together and start patrolling the area themselves. Currently, they pay a security firm to watch their facilities. On principal, I am totally against it,  von Schwerin said.  What are the people who cannot afford private security to do? They will be unprotected. I m sure I will join, but very, very reluctantly. For the first time, I feel scared to live here now. Are the State and I now in agreement that our mutual contract is being renegotiated? Commenting on the police s encouraging people to join vigilante groups, social commentator and former Refugee Ombudsman Merit Wager wrote: So, the Swedes are supposed to arrange and pay for their own and their families  security and keep their farms from being subjected to theft, even though that has up to now been included in the social contract   for which we pay high taxes, to have police we can count on to protect us and apprehend criminals?! When did the social contract expire? October 2015? Without any notice of termination, since the tax-consuming party is not fulfilling its part of the deal? This should mean that our part of the deal   to pay taxes for public, joint services   has also become invalid? If the social contract is broken, it is broken. Then it is musical chairs (lawlessness, defenselessness, without protection), and that means that each and every one of us should pay less taxes. Ilan Sad , lawyer and social commentator, wrote about the refugee chaos at Malm  Central Train Station on the blog Det Goda Samh llet on October 27:  The authorities no longer honor the social contract.  He described four large signs on display around the station that read  Refugee? Welcome to Malm !  in four different languages. It is unclear who the sender of the message is, or, for that matter, who is in charge of the reception facility   a number of barracks by the old post office in the inner harbor. Everything is utterly confusing. It could be Malm  City or the Immigration Service, but it might as well be  Refugees Welcome,  or possibly a religious community. I think to myself that a government agency could not reasonably write like this, a correct and pertinent sign would say something like:  Asylum seekers are referred to the barracks for information and further transport.  But I am probably wrong; Malm  City is the chief suspect communicant.   The signs in and around the Central Station are symptoms of something incredibly serious: Role confusion and the decay of the constitutional state. And thus, that our authorities no longer honor the social contract. In a post called Anarchy, blogger Johan Westerholm, who is a Social Democratic Party member and a critic of the government, wrote that the Minister for Justice and Migration, Morgan Johansson, is now urging authorities to  be pragmatic  about laws and regulations (concerning asylum housing for so-called unaccompanied refugee children). Westerholm stated that this is tantamount to the government  opening the gates to anarchy : Our country is founded on law; Parliament legislates and the courts apply these. Morgan Johansson s statement and his otherwise passive approach are testimony to how this, our kind of democracy, may fade into a memory very shortly. He now laid the first brick in the building of a state that rests on other principles. Anarchism. If anarchy really does break out, it would be good to remember that there are nearly two million licensed firearms in Sweden. Sweden s shooting clubs have seen a surge in interest; many are welcoming a lot of new members lately. Via: Gatestone Institute",0
14775,JUDGE JEANINE PIRRO Hammers Hillary’s Foreign Policy Hypocrisy In Her Opening Statement [Video],"Judge Jeanine: I wasn t even going to do an opening statement because it s the holidays and I m generally in the Christmas spirit. But when Hillary Clinton laid out her comprehensive plan to bolster homeland security, I couldn t help myself:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>I wasn t even going to do an opening statement because it s the holidays and I m generally in the Christmas spirit. But when Hillary Clinton laid out her comprehensive plan to bolster homeland security, I couldn t help myself. #JudgeJeaninePosted by Judge Jeanine Pirro on Saturday, 19 December 2015",0
14776,THINGS GET UGLY WHEN IRAQ VETERAN Confronts Terrorist Sympathizers Protesting On Street Corner [VIDEO],"***Language Warning***This video will make your blood boil. My heart bleeds for this veteran who bravely pulled over to confront these terrorist sympathizers. The veteran was simply asking them to turn the US flag right side up. The terrorist sympathizers refused to turn the flag over and were actually dragging the flag on the ground during the confrontation.You will see a man in an orange jacket wearing a hat that says  Navy Seal.  After watching this video, you can decide for yourself, but we think he is an imposter. Notice that when asked if he is a veteran by the cameraman, the man in the orange jacket quickly realizes he is wearing a Navy Seal hat and removes it from his head. It s hard to believe a Navy Seal veteran would be standing on the corner with these punks protesting the imprisonment of terrorists by our government.Watch and decide for yourself:I wish I knew this Iraq veteran. I would love to shake his hand and  thank  him for his service in Iraq and for defending our flag at home ",0
14777,HERE’S THE LIST OF People We Elected Who Just Made Our Nation Less Safe While Adding $1.1 Trillion To The Taxpayer’s Tab," If you re like us, you either made a donation, knocked on doors, or called voters on behalf of a Republican candidate in the 2014 election. Maybe you did all three things. Is the candidate you worked so hard to get elected or re-elected on this list? We were very disappointed to see the name of the candidate we supported for US Rep in MI on the list of  Yea s.  We also know we won t be working so hard to help him with his re-election bid next time around. Only ONE Representative in the entire state of MI, Justin Amash (R-MI) actually stood up against the establishment and said  NO, we re not gonna take it anymore! Please take the time to look through this list and contact your US Representative or US Senator. Let them know the next time they look to you for support of their re-election, that you don t help people who sell out our nation.It s worth noting, that Marco Rubio didn t even bother to vote on one of the most critical spending and national security bills in our nation s history! If he can t be bothered to vote on such a critical bill, how can he be bothered with representing our nation in the most powerful position in our government? Conservative presidential candidate, Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) voted against this insane bill. He criticized the legislation in a statement after the vote, saying it  effectively forfeits our massive Republican victories of 2014 and cements Obama s priorities for nearly the full remainder of his term. For a quick look at how the passage of this bill will harm the security of Americans, while adding a huge debt to our children and grandchildren s future, click HERE.Here is how our US Senators voted on the Omnibus spending bill:",0
14778,HOW OBAMA Is Putting Terrorist Boots On The Ground,"Every American should be demanding answers about why Barack Hussein Obama is in such a hurry to empty Gitmo before he leaves office. Illegal alien prisoners are being released at an unprecedented rate. Our borders are being left wide open by a President who s demanded our US Border Agents stand down. Visas are being given to people coming here with the sole intention of harming innocent Americans. Law enforcement has been ridiculed and weakened by a spiteful racist and his willing accomplices in the media. What do we need to do to alert the Kim Kardashian followers our United States of America  is intentionally being destroyed by a radical in the White House?National Security: The Pentagon has cleared the release of 17 more terrorist detainees from Guantanamo Bay prison. President Obama puts jihadist boots on the ground before mobilizing U.S. troops in the Middle East.A congressional aide told Fox News on Thursday that the White House s strategy in the decision this week to set free more terrorist prisoners from the Gitmo facility in U.S.-controlled territory in Cuba is to get the number of detainees there to  as low as they can get,  even if it means  a good deal of risk.  The underlying reason is that closing Gitmo was a major Obama campaign promise in 2008, and he doesn t want to leave office with it still open.But the promise was to close it in 2009. Upon taking office, however, Obama found himself faced with the fact that Gitmo was a rather brilliant idea that the Bush administration came up with to prevent captured terrorists from exploiting the U.S. legal system.The spectacle of U.S. courts setting terrorists free, after trials in which the jihadists  American legal teams might actually get access to and make public sensitive classified information, was not anything for which Obama wanted to be blamed. He seems amenable, however, to his successor having nowhere to hold captured terrorists.Release of the 17 supposedly  low-level  combatants, many of them from Yemen, where war rages, brings the number of Gitmo prisoners down to 90. We were told that  Osama bin Laden s cook,  Ibrahim al-Qosi, released by Obama from Gitmo in 2012, was low-level, but now he cooks up terrorist operations as a celebrity leader of al-Qaida in Yemen.The Pentagon is going along with this politicized emptying of the Guantanamo Bay holding facility. And the decision coming right after an Islamic State-inspired Christmas party attack within the homeland, which slaughtered 14 innocent Americans, suggests the U.S. military leadership has become a group of puppets.A major reason for former Republican Sen. Chuck Hagel s forced departure as Obama s defense secretary last year after a brief tenure, let s not forget, was his hesitation in approving Gitmo releases.In last week s GOP presidential debate, it was a woman who promised that she would  immediately  reverse Obama s emasculation of the Pentagon. Carly Fiorina pledged to  bring back the warrior class   Petraeus, McChrystal, Mattis, Keane, Flynn   every one was retired early because they told President Obama things that he didn t want to hear. Obama calls Gitmo  a sad chapter in American history,  but it was almost comic when the worst complaint Shaker Aamer, released from Gitmo in October after nearly 14 years, could tell of in a British TV interview was  they just suck all your feelings out of you,  adding that  torture is not about beating. Torture is not about hanging from the ceiling with handcuffs and all that     all that  presumably being three square halal meals a day, courtesy of the U.S. taxpayer.Curiously,  The Most Transparent Administration in History  is now imposing new, severe restrictions on journalist access to Guantanamo Bay, with no more visits to the two detention centers where most detainees are housed, and no more interviews of guards and staff. Outgoing U.S. Southern Command chief Marine Gen. John Kelly told AP that the reason was:  We really did have to get some organization to what was going on down there.  After all these years?Under Obama, information on the frequency of prisoners assaulting guards and conducting hunger strikes has stopped being made public.It isn t torture or mistreatment that the Obama administration is hiding from the world s eyes within the walls of Guantanamo Bay; it s that what we have down there is a luxury resort to house terrorists, and that the president is incrementally releasing those soldiers of jihad back onto the battlefield   after America has spent years fattening them up. Via: IBD ",0
14779,WATCH: WILD BILL IS MADDER Than You’ve Ever Seen Him Over Glenn Beck’s “Racist” Tea Party Comment,"Wild Bill For America is a conservative Youtube sensation who s been offering his hard hitting, spot on commentary to viewers for years. We d even go as far as to say he is a Tea Party icon in the world of social media. He s published hundreds of insightful and though provoking videos to help Americans better understand the sorry state we ve found ourselves in today. Outside of a few videos where he may have  lost it  over one of Obama s many unconstitutional acts, this is definitely the maddest we have ever seen Wild Bill. You know full well the Tea Party isn t racist or you wouldn t have used us to promote your rallies. It s the Tea Party that made your event successful, Mr Beck! And you pocketed a lot of money off the Tea Party Now you ve become the Bendict Arnold of the Tea Party. You lost me as a friend because of that Saul Alinsky idiotic crack, but now you ve made an enemy with this hateful sabotaging of the good men and women of the Tea Party, who have done so much for you. I will no longer support anything by Glenn Beck. He s proven himself to be untrustworthy, two-faced, and will stoop as low as MSNBC in selling out his own friends Glenn Beck is finding himself in a lot of personal trouble. By turning against the Tea Party he ll be losing all the people who have been supporting his lies for years.He ll never be accepted in the liberal community because compulsive liars are unacceptable, so he ll be left with nowhere to go. Some people will do anything to slander the Tea Party because they really fear going back to the traditional values and morals that the USA was built upon and to me that is what the Tea Party really stands for. Keep up the good work Wild Bill.Via: Wayne Dupree",0
14780,FOX NEWS REPORTER ASKS MAYOR Why She’s Using Taxpayer Money To Sue Family For Epic Christmas Light Display [VIDEO],"The drip drip drip of the Left ensuring Christmas is reduced to a quiet nonpublic celebration    This isn t a very good of taxpayer money, going after home owners for a few Christmas lights, is it?  Watters pressed.  I don t think Santa s going to be happy with you. While definitive information about the lawsuit wasn t offered up, Bendekovic did make it clear that she thinks that Watters is in no position to speak for Santa Claus. I don t think you should be voicing your opinion what Santa wants and what Santa doesn t want,  she shot back.According to the Sun Sentinel, the Hyatts have been battling with officials for years over the size and scale of the display, with the city   which considers it a nuisance   filing a lawsuit earlier this year to stop it.After years of arguing with the Hyatts to scale back the display, the city sued this year to quash the spectacle, which officials consider a neighborhood nuisance. A scheduled hearing did not take place over the summer as planned and has not yet been rescheduled.In addition to the lawsuit, the family claims on its official website that it faces $250 per day in fines for continuing the show, citing  government interference  as being at the root of the dispute. Here s a portion of a petition that is posted on the  Hyatt Extreme Christmas  website:By signing this petition, you show your support for Hyatt Extreme Christmas, a 20 year-old tradition, which has been entertaining, inspiring and motivating families from around Plantation and South Florida.The Hyatt s take great joy in creating memories for children both young and old during this special time of year. Our community can see our display of more than 200,000 lights for FREE. We give back to our community by raising awareness and funds for charitable partners such as Humane Society, Broward Food Bank and Support for the Military working with the Red Cross  Holiday Cards for Heroes .Despite facing legal woes, the Hyatts are back at it this year, bringing their display to the masses. The husband and wife duo took Watters through the display, and he interviewed some locals who fully support it. They re just not making money on this and they wanted money from us,  he said, claiming that city officials wanted the family to charge admission for the free display.  When we wouldn t give it to them, all the sudden we re in court. Via: The Blaze",0
14781,GRAB THE POPCORN: Bernie Sanders Campaign Manager Hammers the DNC For Holding The Campaign ‘Hostage’,Wow! The DNC is pushing for a coronation of Hillary and doing everything it can to stop Bernie Whoa! ,0
14782,NEW ACCUSATION AGAINST BERNIE SANDERS Exposes Him As “The Other” Criminal Democrat,"By now, it s pretty clear that Bernie doesn t respect other people s possessions. His whole campaign is built on the concept of stealing what belongs to other people. This story should really come as no surprise to anyone Officials with the Democratic National Committee have accused the presidential campaign of Sen. Bernie Sanders of improperly accessing confidential voter information gathered by the rival campaign of Hillary Clinton, according to several party officials.Jeff Weaver, the Vermont senator s campaign manager, acknowledged that a staffer had viewed the information but blamed a software vendor hired by the DNC for a glitch that allowed access. Weaver said one Sanders staffer was fired over the incident.The discovery sparked alarm at the DNC, which promptly shut off the Sanders campaign s access to the strategically crucial list of likely Democratic voters.The DNC maintains the master list and rents it to national and state campaigns, which then add their own, proprietary information gathered by field workers and volunteers. Firewalls are supposed to prevent campaigns from viewing data gathered by their rivals.NGP VAN, the vendor that handles the master file, said the incident occurred Wednesday while a patch was being applied to the software. The process briefly opened a window into proprietary information from other campaigns, said the company s chief, Stu Trevelyan. He said a full audit will be conducted.The DNC has told the Sanders campaign that it will not be allowed access to the data again until it provides an explanation as well as assurances that all Clinton data has been destroyed.Having his campaign cut off from the national party s voter data is a strategic setback for Sanders   and could be a devastating blow if it lasts. The episode also raises questions about the DNC s ability to provide strategic resources to campaigns and state parties.Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs said four Sanders campaign staffers accessed Clinton data, and that three of them did so at the direction of their boss, Josh Uretsky, who was the operative fired.Uretsky told CNN Friday morning that he and others on the campaign discovered the software glitch Wednesday morning and probed the system to discover the extent of their own data s exposure. He said there was no attempt to take Clinton information but said he took responsibility for the situation. We investigated it for a short period of time to see the scope of the Sanders campaign s exposure and then the breach was shut down presumably by the vendor,  he told CNN.  We did not gain any material benefit. Weaver said the Sanders campaign never downloaded or printed any of the data, meaning it is no longer in possession of any proprietary information. He squarely blamed NGP VAN for the glitch   and blamed the DNC for hiring the company.He said the campaign has flagged similar problems with the software for the DNC in the past.For entire story: Washington Post",0
14783,Obama To Release More GITMO Detainees So They Can Rejoin Their Fellow Terrorists,"Obama is determined to close GITMO to follow through with a campaign promise. So he s been releasing terrorists pretty regularly and it s no secret that they just rejoin their fellow jihadis in an effort to kill us all. He s a peach of a guy isn t he?Here s why Americans should be outraged by this effort to release 17 more jihadis:MORE LIES: Obama talks of releasing  low risk  detainees, but that got done in the Bush years. By 2009, the population was 24 percent medium risk, 75 percent high risk   including the top Taliban traded for Bergdahl. A terrorist the president sprang from Gitmo in 2012, Ibrahim al-Qosi, has surfaced as a top leader of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.WASHINGTON   The Obama administration appears to be on the cusp of the largest round of transfers of Guant namo Bay detainees in a single month since 2007, a move that could reduce the detainee population there to as low as 90 by mid to late January, according to officials familiar with internal deliberations.Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter has notified Congress in recent days that he has approved 17 proposed transfers of lower-level detainees, said the officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss matters that have not yet been made public. Congress has required Mr. Carter to certify that security standards have been met at least 30 days before any transfers. In recent weeks, President Obama has twice stated that his goal is to reduce the number of detainees at Guant namo Bay prison to the double digits from 107 by the end of this year.President Obama wants to close the Guant namo prison in Cuba before he leaves office in a little over a year. His administration has stepped up efforts to find countries to take 48 detainees on a transfer list and moved to speed up the work of a parole-like board that might approve the release of others who are currently recommended for indefinite detention.Read more: NYT",0
14784,Michael Moore Wants America To Know “We Are All Muslim”…Even Though We’re A Majority Christian Nation,"No dumb ass  we are actually NOT all Muslims! Last time I checked we were still a majority Christian nation, and no leftist clown is going to tell us otherwise!One thing you can say about Michael Moore he s consistently on the wrong side of every issue. The Left is more than happy to line his pockets, as long as he represents an anti-American position.Hyper-liberal Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker Michael Moore challenged Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump by holding a sign reading  We Are All Muslim  outside Trump Tower on Wednesday before penning an open letter to the candidate on Facebook.In his letter, Moore, who recently offered his Michigan apartment to Syrian refugees before inviting his fans to open their own homes, claimed he and Trump met on a talk show in 1998 and the billionaire businessman had asked him not to  go after  him. I thought, what are we, in 3rd grade?  Moore wrote.  I was struck by how you, a self-described tough guy from Queens, seemed like such a fraidey-cat. You and I went on to do the show. Nothing untoward happened between us. I didn t pull on your hair, didn t put gum on your seat.  What a wuss,  was all I remember thinking as I left the set. Moore added that Trump is now similarly afraid of Muslims, after proposing a temporary ban on all Muslim immigration to America  until our country s representatives can figure out what is going on. Moore wrote:And now, here we are in 2015 and, like many other angry white guys, you are frightened by a bogeyman who is out to get you. That bogeyman, in your mind, are all Muslims. Not just the ones who have killed, but ALL MUSLIMS.Fortunately, Donald, you and your supporters no longer look like what America actually is today. We are not a country of angry white guys. Here s a statistic that is going to make your hair spin: Eighty-one percent of the electorate who will pick the president next year are either female, people of color, or young people between the ages of 18 and 35. In other words, not you. And not the people who want you leading their country.The filmmaker then asked Trump to  leave the rest of us alone so we can elect a real president who is both compassionate and strong. We are all Muslim. Deal with it,  Moore concluded.Moore has become increasingly vocal about his dislike for the Republican frontrunner; last week, he invited Facebook followers to report Trump for  hate speech  in an effort to have him banned from the social media service.In an interview with the Daily Beast the day before his latest stunt, Moore said Trump should embrace his  female side. All men have estrogen in them. We all have a bit of estrogen in us. Sometimes, I ve noticed in our gender the guys who have to do a lot of huffing and puffing, they may be better embracing the female side of themselves,  Moore told the outlet.  They may be a little happier. He might be one of those people. Via: Breitbart NewsIf you re interested, you may read Moore s full letter to Trump here.",0
14785,BUDGET DEAL Quadruples Number Of Unskilled Guest Workers,"Speaker of the House Paul Ryan is officially a total sellout! He agreed to a $1.1 trillion omnibus spending bill with Obama late Wednesday night that increases unskilled guest workers allowed into America significantly. Under the bloated $1.1 trillion bill, the number of H-2B visas will nearly be up as much as four times as the previous levels. This allows unskilled illegals into this country to drive down wages. There is always the chance terrorists are embedded in the increase in visas as well. So it s business as usual in Washington where the american people come last #FIREPAULRYAN! The year-end spending deal unveiled early Wednesday morning includes a provision that would increase the number of guest worker visas available to unskilled foreign nationals seeking employment in the U.S.According to Ian Smith, an attorney with the Immigration Reform Law Institute, language inserted into the omnibus spending deal would nearly quadruple the number of H-2B visa workers admitted to the U.S. next year to about 250,000.The section of the more than 2,000-page omnibus bill that contains the provision, the immigration reduction group NumberUSA reports, is on page 701. It reads: SEC. 565. Section 214(g)(9)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)(9)(A)) is amended by striking  2004, 2005, or 2006 shall not again be counted toward such limitation during fiscal year 2007.  and inserting  2013, 2014, or 2015 shall not again be counted toward such limitation during fiscal year 2016. H-2B visas are intended for low-skilled foreign nationals to work temporarily in nonagricultural positions when American workers are unavailable. According to recent reports, however, some employers have abused the system, devising strategies to hire H-2B visa holders over American workers.Via: Breitbart",0
14786,BARACK OBAMA Finds Friend In “Fundamental Transformation Of America”: Shocking Way Ryan Betrayed Americans With $1.1 Trillion Bill,"Funding for Sanctuary Cities, benefits for illegal aliens, fully funded refugee programs, quadruples number of work visas for foreigners, release of criminal aliens, tax credits for illegal aliens, locking in huge spending increases, making America less safe and more Rep. Paul Ryan s first major legislative achievement is a total and complete sell-out of the American people masquerading as an appropriations bill.Too harsh, you say? Let the programs, the spending, and the implications speak for themselves.(1) Ryan s Omnibus Fully Funds DACAThough much of the public attention has surrounded the President s 2014 executive amnesty, the President s 2012 amnesty quietly continues to churn out work permits and federal benefits for hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens. Paul Ryan s bill funds entirely this 2012 executive amnesty for  DREAMers or illegal immigrants who came to the country as minors.Specifically, Division F of Ryan s omnibus bill contains no language that would prohibit the use of funds to continue the President s unconstitutional program. Obama s executive action, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), has granted around 700,000 illegal aliens with work permits, as well as the ability to receive tax credits and federal entitlement programs. A recent GAO report documented how this illegal amnesty program for alien youth is, in large part, responsible for the illegal alien minor surge on our southern border.In 2013, Paul Ryan said that it is his job as a U.S. lawmaker to put himself in the shoes of  the DREAMer who is waiting  and work to find legislative solutions to his or her problems.(2) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Sanctuary CitiesFive months ago, 32-year-old Kate Steinle was bleeding to death in her father s arms. She was gunned down in broad daylight by a five-time deported criminal alien whose presence in the country was the direct result of San Francisco s refusal to comply with U.S. immigration law yet Paul Ryan s omnibus rewards these lawless Sanctuary Cities with federal grants. Division B Title II of Ryan s omnibus funds various grant programs for the Department of Justice (pages 167, 168, and 169) and contains no language that would restrict the provision of such grants to sanctuary jurisdictions.In a Congressional hearing, Steinle s father demanded Congressional action and recalled his daughter s dying words:  Help me, Dad. (3) Ryan s Omnibus Funds All Refugee ProgramsDespite broad support amongst Republican lawmakers for a proposal introduced by Rep. Brian Babin (R-TX)to halt all refugee resettlement, Ryan s appropriations bill will fund President Obama s refugee resettlement operation and will allow for the admission of tens of thousands of refugees with access to federal benefits. Division H Title II of Ryan s bill contains appropriations of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and contains no language that would restrict the program. Nor are there any restrictions for the program in Division K of Ryan s bill, which provides funding for the Department of State, which oversees refugee admissions.Ryan is not one of the 84 cosponsors of Babin s bill to halt the refugee operation, and he recently told Sean Hannity that he does not support halting resettlement because,  We re a compassionate country. The refugees laws are important laws.  Similarly, this outcome represents a legislative win for Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), who told Sean Hannity he d  hate to use  Congress s power of the purse to deny funding for Obama s resettlement operation.(4) Ryan s Omnibus Funds All of the Mideast Immigration Programs That Have Been Exploited by Terrorists in Recent YearsAlthough multiple immigrant and visa programs in recent years have been exploited by terrorists (such as the F-1  student  visa, the K-1  fianc e  visa, and our green card and refugee programs), Ryan s proposal does nothing to limit admissions from jihadist-prone regions. As Senators Shelby and Sessions of Alabama noted in a joint statement:  The omnibus would put the U.S. on a path to approve admission for hundreds of thousands of migrants from a broad range of countries with jihadists movements over the next 12 months, on top of all the other autopilot annual immigration. (5) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Illegal Alien ResettlementOn page 917 of Ryan s omnibus a section titled  Refugee and Entrant Assistance  funds the President s resettlement of illegal immigrant border crossers.(6) Ryan s Omnibus Funds the Release of Criminal AliensSenior legislative aides tell Breitbart News that Ryan s bill does not do anything to change the enforcement priorities that Jeh Johnson established a little over a year ago that would shield entire categories of criminal aliens from immigration law, nor does it include language recommended by Sessions and Shelby to  deny the expenditure of funds to issue visas to countries that refuse to repatriate criminal aliens. (7) Ryan s Omnibus Quadruples H-2B Foreign Worker VisasDespite Ryan s pledge not to move an immigration compromise with President Obama, tucked 700 pages into Ryan s spending bill is language that would resuscitate and expand a controversial provision of the Schumer-Rubio Gang of Eight plan to increase the H-2B visa program.The provision  would quadruple the number of H-2B visas for unskilled guest workers, for a total of more than 250,000,  writes immigration attorney Ian Smith. The Americans who fill these jobs are typically  society s most vulnerable   including single women, the disabled, the elderly, minorities, teenagers, students, and first-generation immigrants,  Smith explains.A recent BuzzFeed expos  revealed how this program allows businesses to discriminate against American workers and  deliberately den[y] jobs to American workers so they can hire foreign workers on H-2 visas instead.  As one GOP aide told Breitbart News,  This provision is a knife in the heart of the working class, and African Americans. (8) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Tax Credits for Illegal AliensRyan s bill preserves the expansion of the President s expiring child tax credits without any accompanying language to prevent illegal aliens from receiving those tax credits. While Sen. Sessions attempted to include language in the bill that would prevent illegal immigrants from receiving tax credits, his recommendation was rejected.(9) Ryan s Omnibus Locks-In Huge Spending IncreasesThe bill funds the Obama-Boehner budget deal, which eliminated spending caps, and will increase both defense and non-defense spending next year by $25 billion more each.(10) Ryan s Omnibus Fails to Allocate Funds to Complete the 700-Mile Double-Layer Border Fence That Congress Promised the American PeopleNearly a decade ago with the passage of the 2006 Secure Fence Act, the American people were promised a 700-mile double-layer border fence. However, funding for the fence was later gutted and, as a result, its construction was never completed. Despite heightened media focus over the past six months about Americans  desire for this barrier to illegal entry, Ryan s bill does not require that funds be allocated to finish the construction of the 700-mile double-layer fence.A vote could occur as early as Thursday after midnight, giving lawmakers and the public only one full business day to review the 2,242 page package. The Ryan-Pelosi package represents nothing short of a complete and total betrayal of the American people.Yet Ryan s omnibus serves a second and equally chilling purpose. By locking in the President s refugee, immigration, and spending priorities, Ryan s bill is designed to keep these fights out of Congress by getting them off the table for good. Delivering Obama these wins and pushing these issues beyond the purview of Congress will suppress public attention to the issues and, in so doing, will boost the candidacy of the Republican establishment s preferred presidential contenders, who favor President Obama s immigration agenda.What may prove most discouraging of all to Americans is that recent reports reveal that conservatives in the so-called House Freedom Caucus are praising Ryan even as he permanently locks in these irreversible and anti-American immigration policies. According to Politico, the House Freedom Caucus will  give Ryan a pass  even as he funds disastrous policies that prioritize the interests of foreign nationals and global corporatists above the needs of the American people whom lawmakers are supposed to represent. Via: Breitbart News",0
14787,GERMAN COURT RULES “Sharia Police” Patrolling City Streets Did NOT Break Law…INSANE Video Shows Muslim Men Patrolling Streets,"These videos are very disturbing. Americans are headed down this path if we don t fight back against the Left who put political correctness before our national security A German court has ruled that Islamists who patrolled a city s streets as  Sharia police  did not break the law and will not be prosecuted.Here is what a Sharia Patrol looks like:Nine were arrested in September 2014 after patrolling streets in Wuppertal, western Germany. They wore bright orange jackets with the words  Sharia police . They told passers-by not to frequent discos, casinos or bars.The court said they had not violated laws on uniforms and public gatherings.Prosecutors have now lodged an appeal.The group of Salafists   ultra-conservative Islamists   included Sven Lau, a preacher whose passport was seized this year after he visited Syria and a photo surfaced, showing him posing on a tank, with a Kalashnikov rifle slung around his neck. He is suspected of trying to recruit Muslims to join jihadists fighting in Syria or Iraq and has spent some time in prison previously. He said he had gone to war-torn Syria in 2013 on a humanitarian mission.Sharia, the revealed, sacred law of Islam, governs all aspects of a Muslim s life.The group s appearance at night in Wuppertal, in the industrial Ruhr region, triggered sharp criticism in Germany. A film of their  patrol  appeared on YouTube:The action was condemned by the Central Council of Muslims in Germany, who said it was  harmful to Muslims .The group also carried notices proclaiming in English a  Sharia Controlled Zone . The notices spelled out prohibitions like those in force in some Gulf Arab countries, outlawing alcohol, drugs, gambling, music and concerts, pornography and prostitution. Activists in the anti-Islam Pegida movement   campaigning to stop immigration to Germany   demonstrated in Wuppertal last year. They have staged regular marches against  the Islamisation of Germany  nationwide. Via: BBC",0
14788,One Picture At Miami Debate Watch Party For Jeb! Describes The State Of His Campaign, Low energy candidate low energy fans h/t Weasel Zipppers,0
14789,Ouch! Trump Hammers Bush In The Brawl Of The Night [Video],"Jeb takes a swipe at Trump and Trump hammers him:  He doesn t really believe I m unhinged. He said that because he has failed in this campaign. It s been a total disaster. Nobody cares. And frankly, I m the most solid person up here. I ve built a tremendous company and all I want to do is make America great again.  .@realdonaldtrump:  With Jeb s attitude, we will never be great again  https://t.co/2cXmVJqD3m #GOPDebate https://t.co/tHxzrB3PIe  CNN (@CNN) December 16, 2015Round Three: ",0
14790,DNC Chair Asks Democrat Members Of Congress To “Bring A Muslim” To State Of Union…,"Debbie Wasserman-Schultz didn t ask members of Congress to bring a relative of an American citizen murdered by an illegal alien to the last State Of The Union. She didn t ask them to bring a spouse of a police officer killed as a result of Obama s war on law enforcement. What about asking them to bring a Christian or Jewish family member from the San Bernardino Muslim Terror attack? Do they not qualify as  victims  Deb? It s odd how the Democrats pick and choose who does, and who doesn t qualify as a victim in the United States. Let s just hope no one wears a suicide vest Two senior Democratic lawmakers are asking their colleagues to bring a Muslim-American guest to the State of the Union in protest of Donald Trump s recent proposal to ban Muslims from entering the U.S.In a letter sent to House Democrats on Tuesday, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, and Rep. Keith Ellison, the first Muslim elected to Congress, said lawmakers should bring Muslim-Americans to the Jan. 12 speech as a way to rebut anti-Muslim rhetoric. Over the past few weeks we have seen a shocking and alarming rise in hateful rhetoric against one particular minority population in our nation,  the pair wrote in an email obtained by POLITICO.  Leading political figures have made offensive and outrageous suggestions that we should create a national registry of all people of one particular faith and that we should prevent any person of that faith from even entering this great country. Donald Trump, the Republican front runner for the presidential nomination, said earlier this month that Muslims should be barred from entering the U.S. because of security concerns. The comments have been widely criticized by politicians across the political spectrum.Via: Politico",0
14791,Obama’s Christmas In Hawaii To Cost Taxpayers $3.5 Million For Flight Time Alone,"Judicial Watch has been the one organization that s been reporting on the crazy expensive trips the Obamas have taken since day one. Barack Obama has been savaged by a top spending campaigner for taking the First Family on an eighth consecutive Christmas vacation to Hawaii, at huge expense to the American taxpayer.The President was accused of treating Air Force One, which costs $206,000/hour to run,  like an Uber ride  ahead of his next jaunt to his home state. Fly-time alone will set taxpayers back somewhere in the region of $3.5 million as Obama, the First Lady, Sasha and Malia and their two dogs jet off for around two weeks.They have traditionally rented a luxury villa in the upscale Kailua area on Oahu, the main island, and head out for hikes, rounds of golf and restaurant meals with their friends. Tom Fitton, the head of the Judicial Watch pressure group, said Obama s holiday habit proves that he is out of touch   and has to stop. He told AL.com:  The Obamas  travel is out of control. They are treating the Air Force One like an Uber ride.  And President Obama seems oblivious to the burden he is placing on Americans with his continuous vacations, getaways, and political junkets at taxpayer expense.  During the trips, the Obamas are accompanied by a substantial Secret Service detail, who costs thousands of dollars a day to accommodate in the idyllic vacation spot. Local police also work overtime and an ambulance trails the Presidential party at all times in case of disaster   all of which will push the total further into the millions. Although some expenses   including the rent   are paid for privately, the emergency personnel and daily expenses of Obama s security detail are all publicly-funded. Exact figures for the trip   outside of Air Force One   are hard to obtain. According to a Watchdog.com report on the 2014 trip, there is also an Air Force cargo plane to bring Obama s helicopter and limo, which costs more than $150,000 to get to Hawaii and back. A second plane brings a Marine Corps contingent at similar cost. The Honolulu Police Department also spends in the region of $275,000 a year in overtime for its officers, while the ambulance from the local Emergency Management Services costs $15,890 to keep on call.Secret Service agents   of whom there are said to be  dozens  each year   are reportedly housed at a cost of around $200 per person per night, while material for other security measures would also be met from White House funds. It is not yet clear precisely where the Obamas will stay, though they have traditionally favored somewhere near Kailua. During their year-end trips to the Hawaiian islands the Obamas typically lounge around their rental home, venturing out only on occasion for shaved ice and dinner with their friends. Since 2013, the Obama family have gone on scenic Christmas hikes, tried out snorkeling in Hanauma Bay and dined at the gourmet Alan Wong s Restaurant. President Obama generally spends his time on the golf course or working out at a local Marine Corps base.He and the First Lady usually make a special trip to the base to to wish the troops stationed there a Merry Christmas and to thank them for their service.The Federal Aviation Administration confirmed there are temporary flight restrictions in the area from December 19 to January 4. An islander also told Honolulu TV station KHON2 he had seen Secret Service in the area and had been given a flyer about security in Kailua Bay. The Hawaii trips are not the only examples of extravagance which have been seized on by critics. In March it emerged that the White House dropped at least $1million flying the President and the First Lady to Los Angeles and back on two separate planes inside a single day so they could be on TV. Barack Obama sat down with Jimmy Kimmel to appear on his NBC show, while Michelle grabbed the change to be interviewed by Ellen DeGeneres. Despite the two shows being filmed just miles apart, the White House insisted the journeys were  not in sync  so required separate planes. As well as the Christmas vacation, the Obamas typically take a summer retreat to Martha s Vineyard off the Massachusetts coast, allowing the President to tot up some more hours on the golf course.Read more: UK Daily Mail",0
14792,OHIO SEC OF STATE Explains How He Will Prevent Trump From Running Third Party,"As much as many of us wish there were a legitimate third party for conservatives, if Trump were to make the decision to run as a third party candidate,  he would only be gifting the presidency to Hillary. Trump, Cruz and Carson are all smart enough to figure out how to work around the machinations of the Republican establishment. They just need to keep laser focused and continue to do what they ve been doing. They re winning, and the RINO brigade is quickly losing their grip.One savvy Secretary of State in Ohio is about to put an end to all of this  third party  chatter with his recent statement involving Trump s potential third party candidacy Business mogul Donald Trump has stood on the debate stage for the Republican Party in Ohio, and he has filed to run in the state s primary. In Secretary of State Jon Husted s office, that is enough to disqualify Trump from running as a third-party candidate, according to a Monday report from Cleveland.com.Trump has threatened the Republican Party countless times that if they don t treat him fairly, he is going to launch an independent campaign. Now, a spokesman for the secretary of state told Cleveland.com that it won t be an option for Trump in Ohio.According to Husted s spokesman, a candidate can only run as a third-party candidate in Ohio if they  disaffiliate  from another party in  good faith.  The spokesman says that Trump is too far entangled in the GOP primary to back out as a Republican now. Since Donald Trump has filed a declaration of candidacy with our office as a Republican, has filed with Federal Election Commission as a Republican candidate, and voluntarily took part in the Republican presidential debates, the first of which was held in Ohio, there is no way for Mr. Trump to disaffiliate from the Republican Party  in good faith  during this election cycle,  Husted spokesman Joshua Eck told the Plain Dealer.If Trump really were ineligible to run as a third-party candidate in the key swing state of Ohio, it would undercut his leverage with the GOP at large and seriously undermine his ability to launch a credible third-party campaign. Via: TPM",0
14793,HOLLYWOOD PORN DIRECTOR Makes Chappaquiddick Movie: Shows What Ted Kennedy “had to go through”,"Is there ever a time the Left isn t portrayed as the victim in Hollywood? The tragic 1969 car accident that left a young woman dead at the hands of late Sen. Ted Kennedy will make it to the big screen for a film that the project s producer says will show audiences what Kennedy  had to go through. According to The Hollywood Reporter, 50 Shades of Grey director Sam Taylor-Johnson has signed on to direct Chappaquiddick, which was recently named to the 2015 Blacklist.Project producer Mark Ciardi told THR Monday,  I ve done a lot of true life stories, many sports stories, but this one had a deep impact on this country. Everyone has an idea of what happened on Chappaquiddick and this strings together the events in a compelling and emotional way.Ciardi adds:  You ll see what he had to go through. While it is unclear who is the actual victim of the event in the film, Kennedy or 28-year-old Mary Jo Kopechne, who died, Chappaquiddick is described by THR as  a political thriller that unveils the true story of what is described as the seven most dramatic days of Senator Ted Kennedy s life. On the eve of the moon landing, Senator Kennedy becomes entangled in a tragic car accident that results in the death of former Robert Kennedy campaign worker Mary Jo Kopechne. The Senator struggles to follow his own moral compass and simultaneously protect his family s legacy, all while simply trying to keep his own political ambitions alive.The film is currently casting and is set to begin principal photography within a few months.For some context surrounding the events of the Chappaquiddick incident, on the evening of July 18, 1969, Democrat Sen. Edward  Ted  Kennedy had just left a party on the Massachusetts Island, when he drove his Oldsmobile off a bridge and into a pond after making a wrong turn.  Via: Breitbart News",0
14794,"BREAKING: VIDEO RELEASED Of Angry Leftist Mob Attacking Home Of Chicago Lawmaker With Rocks, Torches","If this had been a Tea Party group attacking Nancy Pelosi s home, it would have been international news Angry leftists with rocks, wood chunks and torches attacked a Chicago alderman s home this weekend. Once you start throwing objects, that crosses the line,  he said. He said there wasn t any major damage to the home, just debris near the windows and objects on the sidewalk.Alderman Cardenas provided a video of the attack to authorities:Three people landed behind bars Saturday night after mobbing a home owned by Ald. George Cardenas (12th) with rocks, pieces of wood and tiki torches, according to the alderman and police.The mob of more than 50 people was protesting police violence in the city, said Cardenas, who provided DNAinfo Chicago with a video clip shot outside the home, where his ex-wife, two daughters and his mother live.Police eventually arrested three protesters in the 2100 block of South Marshall.Efrain Montalvo, 23, of the 2600 block of West 22nd Place; Javier Ramos, a 29-year-old Des Plaines resident; and Billie Kincaid, a 25-year-old woman from the 1500 block of West Lunt Avenue, each stand charged with one misdemeanor count of mob action.Cardenas had been eating dinner with a friend across town when the mob rolled down 26th Street in Little Village and ended up in front of his house. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14795,A MUST READ: Homeland Security Director Reveals Why He Sides With Muslims In The Terror War,"Have you ever noticed how DHS Director Jeh Johnson repeatedly lies or answers questions with very vague answers? I can name numerous times he s given smug and incomplete answers when testifying about immigration and terrorism. Of course, the press has done nothing to expose this incompetence and the background of our Homeland Security Director nothing. He was basically gifted the job at the DHS after his job as a bundler for Obama. Anyone who has been paying attention knows there s something strange going on here. Well, here s your lightbulb moment:  The ineffectiveness and incompetence of the Department of Homeland Security under the clueless moonbat Jeh Johnson may have you wondering what possible qualifications he might have, other than being black and a bundler of campaign donations for Obama. He has exactly one. Like Obama himself, he is a red diaper baby:While speaking to Muslims [since the San Bernardino attack], Homeland Security chief Jeh Johnson revealed why he s so protective of them. He compared growing suspicions cast on them to the plight of his communist kin.Johnson dropped the bombshell that his grandfather had been investigated for communism and un-American activities. We can t say we re surprised. Add him to the parade of Red diaper babies in the Cabinet, including top White House advisor Valerie Jarrett, former political advisor David Axelrod and President Obama himself.No wonder this administration isn t interested in monitoring radical Muslims for terrorist connections. In 1949, during the McCarthy era, my own grandfather was called upon to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee, to deny he was a member of the Communist Party and defend the patriotism of African-Americans,  Johnson said in a speech to the ADAMS Center in Sterling, Va., a mosque founded by alleged radical Muslim Brotherhood leaders. Today his grandson is responsible for the homeland security of this entire nation,  he boasted.He likened the current climate of  fear, suspicions and prejudice  against Muslim immigrants to the Red scare and McCarthyism his grandfather, Charles S. Johnson, lived under in the 1940s and 1950s. In 1949, Johnson, a sociologist and president of predominantly black Fisk University, was dragged before the House Un-American Activities Committee and  asked to deny if he is or ever has been a member of the Communist Party.  The panel had good cause to investigate. Communists hadn t just infiltrated Fisk as professors, but Johnson had readily hired them, including Giovanni  Ross  Lomanitz, a known communist operative. Even after Lomanitz s communist loyalties were exposed, Johnson spoke out on his behalf. Johnson then hired and defended yet another communist, math professor Lee Lorch. Johnson initially refused to fire him, but relented under withering criticism. There was also the issue of Johnson s own membership in communist fronts such as the National Sharecroppers Fund. Johnson denied the charges and called the hearings a  witch hunt.  But the charges stuck. After he died of a massive heart attack, grandson Jeh Charles Johnson took his name. Of course, none of this came out in the younger Johnson s confirmation hearings. We only this summer learned that old FBI papers reveal hard-core communism in Jarrett s family. Her Chicago kin, who were known as  concealed communists,  included her late father, James E. Bowman. He was involved with communist front groups and was in contact with a paid Soviet agent in the 1950s who was wanted for espionage. Via: Investor s Business DailyThat means the danger Joe McCarthy is maligned to this day for heroically attempting to protect us against has come to pass. It means that we are in deep trouble.Via: moonbattery After you watch the two videos   note that there s a lack of will to do anything at all: Senator Sessions Hammers Jeh Johnson On Immigration: ",0
14796,"WHEN A GOVERNMENT PUTS IMMIGRANTS BEFORE CITIZENS: Swedish Citizens Have No Place To Live, No Jobs, Need To Carry Guns Everywhere They Go","Barack Obama and the Democrat party would like us to go the way of the Swedes. Do Americans have the fortitude to fight back against a government hell-bent on putting political correctness before national security?The Swedes see the welfare systems failing them. Swedes have had to get used to the government prioritizing refugees and migrants above native Swedes. There are no apartments, no jobs, we don t dare go shopping anymore [without a gun], but we re supposed to think everything s great.   Women and girls are raped by these non-European men, who come here claiming they are unaccompanied children, even though they are grown men.   You Cabinet Ministers live in your fancy residential neighborhoods, with only Swedish neighbors. It should be obligatory for all politicians to live for at least three months in an area consisting mostly of immigrants  [and] have to use public transport.    Laila, to the Prime Minister. Instead of torchlight processions against racism, we need a Prime Minister who speaks out against the violence  Unite everyone.   Do not make it a racism thing.    Anders, to the Prime Minister. In all honesty, I don t even feel they [government ministers] see the problems  There is no one in those meetings who can tell them what real life looks like.    Laila, on the response she received from the government.The recent double murder at IKEA in V ster s, where a man from Eritrea who had been denied asylum grabbed some knives and stabbed Carola and Emil Herlin to death, letters and emails poured into the offices of Swedish Prime Minister (PM) Stefan L fven. Angry, despondent and desperate Swedes have pled with the Social Democratic PM to stop filling the country with criminal migrants from the Third World or, they write, there is a serious risk of hatred running rampant in Sweden. One woman suggested that because the Swedish media will not address these issues, L fven should start reading foreign newspapers, and wake up to the fact that Sweden is sinking fast.During the last few decades, Swedes have had to get used to the government (left and right wing parties alike) prioritizing refugees and migrants above native Swedes. The high tax level (the average worker pays 42% income tax) was been accepted in the past, because people knew that if they got sick, or when they retired or otherwise needed government aid, they would get it.Now, Swedes see the welfare system failing them. More and more senior citizens fall into the  indigent  category; close to 800,000 of Sweden s 2.1 million retirees, despite having worked their whole lives, are forced to live on between 4,500 and 5,500 kronor ($545   $665) a month. Meanwhile, seniors who immigrate to Sweden receive the so-called  elderly support subsidy    usually a higher amount   even though they have never paid any taxes in Sweden.Worse, in 2013 the government decided that people staying in the country illegally have a right to virtually free health and dental care. So while the destitute Swedish senior citizen must choose between paying 100,000 kronor ($12,000) to get new teeth or living toothless, a person who does not even have the right to stay in Sweden can get his teeth fixed for 50 kronor ($6).The injustice, the housing shortage, the chaos surrounding refugee housing units and the sharp slide of Swedish students in PISA tests   all these changes have caused the Swedes to become disillusioned. The last straw was that Prime Minister L fven had nothing to say about the murders at IKEA.Gatestone Institute contacted to the Swedish government, to obtain emails sent to the Prime Minister concerning the IKEA murders. According to the  principle of public access to official documents,  all Swedes have the right to study public documents kept by authorities   with no questions asked about one s identity or purpose. The government, however, was clearly less than enthusiastic about sharing the emails: It took a full month of reminders and phone calls before they complied with the request.What follows are excerpts from emails sent from private citizens to Prime Minister Stefan L fven:From Mattias, a social worker and father of four,  a dad who wants my kids to grow up in Sweden the way I had the good fortune of doing, without explosions, hand grenades, car fires, violence, rape and murder at IKEA : Hi Stefan. I am a 43-year-old father of four, who is trying to explain to my children, ages 6-16, what is going on in Sweden. I am sad to say that you and your party close your eyes to what is happening in Sweden. All the things that are happening [are] due to the unchecked influx from abroad. You are creating a hidden hatred in Sweden. We are dissatisfied with the way immigration is handled in Sweden, from asylum housing to school issues. And it takes so long to get a job, many people give up before they even get close. Mattias Marcus, 21, wrote: Hi Stefan, I am one of the people who voted for you. I live in Helsingborg, still with my parents because there are no apartments available. I can see where I live that as soon as an old person moves out, eight foreigners immediately move in: they just bypass us young, Swedish people in line. With all that is going on in Sweden   rapes, robberies, the IKEA murders and so on   why aren t non-Swedes sent back to their countries when they commit crimes? Of course we should help refugees, but they should be the right kind of refugees.   I m sorry to say this, Stefan, but the Sweden Democrats should be allowed to rule for four years and remove the people who do not abide by the laws, and who murder or destroy young women s lives. It is horrible, I have a job that pays poorly because there are no jobs. Sweden has more people than jobs. Peter wrote: Esteemed Prime Minister. I am writing to you because I am very worried about the development in Swedish society. I am met daily by news of shootings, exploding hand grenades/bombs, beatings, rapes and murders. This is our Sweden, the country that, when you and I grew up, was considered one of the safest in the world. You, in your role as Prime Minister, have a responsibility to protect everyone in the land, regardless of whether they were born here or not. Unfortunately, I can see that you are not taking your responsibility seriously. I follow the news daily, and despite our now having suffered another act of madness, this time against a mother and son at IKEA, I do not see any commitment from you?  You should emphatically condemn the violent developments we see in this country, allocate resources to the police, customs and district attorneys to slow and fight back (not just build levees and overlook) criminal activity. Sebastian wrote: Hi Stefan! After reading about the horrible deed at IKEA in V ster s, I am now wondering what you are going to do to make me feel safe going to stores and on the streets of Sweden. What changes will there be to make sure this never happens again? Will immigration really continue the same way?  Benny wrote: Hi, I m wondering, why is the government quiet about such an awful incident? The whole summer has been characterized by extreme violence, shootings, knifings and explosions. The government needs to take vigorous action so we can feel safe.  Laila s subject line reads:  Is it supposed to be like this? Are we supposed to go outside without arming ourselves? Rape after rape occurs and no one is doing anything about it. I was born and raised in V rby G rd, but seven years ago, we had to move because we couldn t take the dogs out in the evenings due to the non-Europeans driving on the sidewalks. If you didn t move out of the way, they would jump out of the car and hit you. If you called the police, they do nothing   in a suburb of Stockholm. When my brother told some of these men off, a rocket (the kind you use at New Year s) appeared in his mailbox. You can imagine how loud the blast was. Women and girls are raped by these non-European men, who come here claiming they are unaccompanied children, even though they are grown men . It is easy to get weapons today, I wonder if that is what we Swedes need to do, arm ourselves to dare to go shopping. Well, now I am getting to what happened at a major department store: Two people were killed and not just killed, there is talk online of beheading. The Prime Minister will not say a word, but resources are allocated to asylum housings, a slap in the face for the relatives who just had two of their kin slain. Swedish newspapers will not say a word, but fortunately, there are foreign newspapers that tell the truth. We Swedes can t change apartments, we live five people in three bedrooms. Two of us are unemployed, looking, looking and looking for work. The only option is employment agencies. I m 50 years old, on part-time sick leave because of two chronic illnesses, I cannot run around from one place to another. But more and more asylum seekers keep coming in. There are no apartments, no jobs, we don t dare go shopping anymore, but we re supposed to think everything s great. Unfortunately, I believe the Prime Minister needs to start reading foreign newspaper to find out that Sweden is going under. I found out that the mass immigration costs billions every year, and the only thing the immigrants do is smoke waterpipes in places like V rby G rd. This is happening in other places too, of course. Now it s starting to spread; you will see that in the opinion polls, next time they are published. Soon, all Swedes will vote for the Sweden Democrats. They are getting more and more supporters every day. You Cabinet Ministers do not live in the exposed areas, you live in your fancy residential neighborhoods, with only Swedish neighbors. It should be obligatory for all politicians to live for at least three months in an area consisting mostly of immigrants, the car should be taken from you so you d have to use public transport.   After three months, you would see my point. I am scared stiff of what is happening in this country. What will the government do about this? Anders wrote: Hi Stefan, why don t you, as our Prime Minister, react more against all the violence that is escalating in our country? [Such as] the double murder at IKEA in V ster s. Add to that the bombings and other things happening in Malm . Instead of torchlight processions against racism, we need a Prime Minister who speaks out against the violence, who says that it s wrong no matter which ethnic group is behind it or at the receiving end of it. Because all the people living in Sweden are Swedish, right? A torchlight procession against racism only highlights the fact that it s immigrants committing these crimes. What we need now is a clear signal from our popularly elected [officials] that violence needs to stop now. Sweden is supposed to be a haven away from violence. I m asking you as our Prime Minister, take a stand against the violence. Unite everyone in Sweden into one group and do not make it a racism thing. Some of the people received a reply from Carl-Johan Friman, of the Government Offices Communications Unit; others have not received any reply at all. A typical response goes: Thank you for your email to Prime Minister Stefan L fven. I ve been asked to reply and confirm that your email has reached the Prime Minister s Office and is now available for the Prime Minister and his staff. It is of course not acceptable that people should be exposed to violence and criminal activities in their everyday life. Many efforts are made to counteract violence, and quite correctly, this needs to be done without pitting groups against each other. Thank you for taking the time to write and share your views, they are important in shaping government policies.  Via: Zero Hedge ",0
14797,HISPANIC ACTIVISTS Promise To Punish Donald Trump At The Polls,"Did you know that a record number of illegals crossed our border last month? While we re focusing on the Syrian refugee influx, our southern border is wide open. Donald Trump has said that he wants to stop the invasion of illegals with a wall which is what our government promised they would do in 2006. Now we have immigrant rights activists promising to throw the 2016 election because Trump wants to put an end to open borders. George Soros and his Open Society are behind this effort. Wasn t this Obama s plan all along?Immigrant rights activists have vowed to sign up 1 million immigrants   mostly Mexicans   for citizenship and then quickly register them to vote in time to punish Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans at the polls in November for their harsh rhetoric.The advocates say the new voters could make a difference in the presidential race, where most of the Republican field has tacked to the right in word and policy, and in key Senate races in Illinois and Florida, where Republicans will be reaching to hang on to critical seats.With nearly 9 million legal immigrants already eligible to become citizens, the 1 million goal is not far-fetched. The activists say they are counting on energizing another 2 million Hispanic citizens who have turned 18 since 2012 and who they believe will turn out to vote to defend fellow Dreamers, or young illegal immigrants, against Republican calls for their deportation. This is a huge amount of latent power,  said Joshua Hoyt, executive director of the National Partnership for New Americans, the group he and other leaders announced Thursday at the National Press Club.The effort is funded in part by the Open Society Foundation, the project of liberal billionaire George Soros.Hispanic leaders insist they are ready to flex political muscles commensurate with their size as the second-largest racial or ethnic group in the country behind whites.Via: WT",0
14798,BROKE: Democrat Party Wants $20 Million Taxpayer Dollars," Does this surprise anyone? The party that can t handle its finances is begging for YOUR tax dollars! With only $4.7 million available, it s gonna be difficult to throw a coronation for Hillary. Already struggling with finances, the Democratic Party has drafted a plan to have taxpayers help pay about $20 million for next summer s nominating convention, reversing a change Congress approved just a year ago.Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who is also a congresswoman from Florida, has drafted a bill to restore money that both parties used to receive from the federal government to help defray the costs of running their quadrennial conventions.The Congressional Budget Office revealed the move in a letter released Friday, which said Ms. Wasserman Schultz s proposal to tap a presidential campaign fund would likely mean each party could get about $20 million in taxpayer money to help with costs.The DNC is facing tough financial circumstances. The latest report shows it had just $4.7 million in cash on hand as of Oct. 31, less than the $6.9 million in debts the committee reported. By contrast, the Republican National Committee reported $20.4 million in cash, offset by $1.9 million in debts.Neither the DNC nor Ms. Wasserman Schultz s congressional office returned messages seeking comment on her plans.Republican National Committee spokeswoman Allison Moore said the party doesn t need the help.Read more: WT",0
14799,WHOA! NEW SHOCK POLL Shows Iowa Voters Are Shifting To A New GOP Candidate By A WIDE Margin,"According to the latest Des Moines Register Poll, (full pdf below) of 400 Republican caucus goers, candidate Ted Cruz has surged into the lead with 31% support   a gain of 21 points since DMR s previous polling.It looks like there s a new #1 in town Thank God it s a true conservative! American s have had it with the RINO candidates According to the Des Moines Register Cruz s ascent is the largest and fastest rise in the history of Iowa Caucus polling.DMR 2130 methodology-Saturday Dec 12Via: Conservative Treehouse",0
14800,JUDGE JEANINE HAMMERS OBAMA: “There’s a hero in Washington and you need to let him do his job!” [Video],"Jim Comey gets a 10 year tenure as FBI director so Obama can t touch him. He s a 6  8  dynamo who s single-handedly trying to be the voice of truth in a sea of liars and crooks. Judge Jeanine tells Obama in her Opening Statement last night to,  Let him do his job!  ",0
14801,THE WOMAN WHO Moved Freedom Loving Americans To Tears With Her Passionate IRS Testimony Is Now Asking For Our Help,"MARCH 1st is the day! VOTE FOR BECKY GERRITSON FOR US CONGRESS IN ALABAMA S 2ND DISTRICT!WE LOVE THIS WOMAN! Becky Gerritson embodies everything that makes America so special and unique. She is a  limited government conservative  who is passionate about preserving and protecting the United States of America and everything we, as a nation stand for. She is a military wife and a brave warrior, who is ready to march to Washington DC and shake things up. Becky is running for US Rep. in Alabama s 2nd District. She is up against a RINO incumbent who, has voted to continue support for Obama s reckless Refugee program. Sending Representatives like Becky to DC, who are unafraid to confront an overreaching and out of control government should be a 1st priority for every freedom loving American.Becky moved out of her comfort zone, and into the national spotlight where she bravely faced Congress while staring down the punitive director of the IRS. In her powerful, passionate (and now famous) speech, she demanded the IRS was held accountable for the Stalinist tactics that were used against her, as they attempted silence her conservative views that were in stark contrast to Barack Obama.We are committed to helping Becky Gerritson defeat her RINO incumbent in Alabama.Becky Gerritson is up against an establishment Republican (RINO) in the primary election in Alabama who voted to continue support for a reckless refugee program.  Establishment Republicans are now facing serious primary challenges, such as incumbent establishment Republican Martha Roby in Alabama-2, who is being challenged by Becky Gerritson. Roby is trying desperately to run away from the Syrian refugee jihadi threat because she repeatedly voted to fund it.Conservative congressional challenger Becky Gerritson has just issued a stinging challenge on the issue of Muslim immigration to her incumbent establishment Republican opponent Rep. Martha Roby (AL-2). I promise to fight President Obama s open arms policy and oppose all legislation that invites danger into the lives of the men, women, and children of this great nation,  Gerritson stated in a pledge to Alabama voters.  In essence, this is Obama s Islamic Importation Plan; and we cannot risk adopting his strategy that fails to screen against importing terrorists into this country. And by giving Obama a blank check in the budget and spending bills that could have stopped the Syrian  refugee  madness Republicans own the Syrian refugee jihadi infiltration problem.Tea Partier, conservative, patriot, wife, mother, Christian- These are some of the words that describe Becky Gerritson, the grassroots activist who was thrown into the national spotlight during the illegal IRS probing of conservative and libertarian interest groups several years ago. During a passionate speech in front of an audience of a congressional sub committee, in which she testified on behalf of her organization- the Wetumpka TEA Party, Becky s words went viral instantly, and began to inspire and encourage activists across the country to hold their government more accountable for it s actions.In October of this year, Gerritson made the decision to shift from grassroots conservative activist, to instead take on the GOP establishment head-on by challenging current Congresswomen Martha Roby (R-AL, 2nd District) to a primary, in order to receive the Republican nomination in time for the 2016 election. Here are some questions Becky was able discuss with me in order to give voters, and Americans across the country, a better look at her candidacy, and what her campaign s presence means to the current state of the Republican Party and establishment politics as a whole:Brownell: Why have you decided now is the best time to run for office? Why congress and not a state level position?Becky: I ve never wanted to run for political office before, and I had always pushed back when others urged me to do so. However, after years of fighting for a restoration of the America I grew up in, I grew tired of seeing my representative fail to share my commitment. Our country is in desperate need of bold, courageous citizen leaders who will step forward to fight for principle. After much prayer, I knew I had to answer the call.Brownell: With the general dissatisfaction with the GOP, even with John Boehner gone, why did you decide to run as a Republican and not an Independent?Becky: I ll be the first to admit that there are many times in which I find myself frustrated with my Party. However, I believe that there is strategic significance to trying to save the Republican Party from within. In Congress, I won t go with what Party leadership over principle. I will, however, use whatever influence I have to return my Party back to conservatism.Brownell: What are some of the biggest concerns you hear from voters in you re district?Becky: Voters are concerned about the future. They see a President and an unelected Supreme Court ruling, not governing. They see their rights taken away. They see a debt rising that threatens the security and economic stability of this country. And, what s worse, many feel helpless. They vote, and then they see nothing change. I m running to be the kind of leader that the voters can know and trust will actually stand up and fight the status quo to change the direction of this country.Brownell: On your website s issues page you have a section discussing your views on the 10th Amendment- do you think that the states have the right to nullify executive orders and acts of congress?Becky: You know, I think every branch of government needs to start exercising its constitutional authority. We need to reign in the Judicial and Executive branches, and the best way to do that is by the Legislative branch and the states reasserting themselves and say  no, Mr. President  or  no, Supreme Court, we are drawing the line here, and you cannot cross.  The 10th Amendment has been totally thrown out, and we need more states standing strong in opposition to unconstitutional actions by the federal government.Brownell: As a military wife currently living in a part of Alabama with a large veterans community, do you think the VA needs to be reformed from within, or privatized?Becky: It needs to be completely overhauled, and I think all options need to be on the table. My opponent is pushing to put the solution in the hands of the same VA bureaucracy that got us in this mess. Top-down, bottom- up this system must be overhauled, every job and individual evaluated, and the very manner of doing things analyzed to make sure our veterans never have to deal with an incompetent VA again.Brownell: What is your view of possible boots on the ground in Syria?Becky: Under this president, I absolutely oppose that idea. Under a Republican president, I m still skeptical. The case needs to be made first what our interests are in getting involved. Secondly, a clear strategy for winning- not just the moment, but the long-term future of the region- must be presented. I don t know that those two criteria will ever be met. I believe very strongly in American exceptionalism and leadership in the world. I also believe that we should be very hesitant to send our soldiers into a quagmire. A very strong case would need to be made for this course of action, and I m not sure that case exists.PLEASE click HERE to see where Becky Gerritson stands on issues that affect our entire nation. ",0
14802,HOW IN THE WORLD Can A Black Muslim Judge Be Sworn In Using A Koran? [Video],"What the heck is going on in Brooklyn, NY! Just check out this crazy freak show of a Brooklyn hijab-wearing Muslim being sworn in as a judge. The entire ceremony is unreal! What s happened to America?I know Keith Ellison was sworn in by Nancy Pelosi but can a judge properly abide by the laws of the land if she s Muslim judge?The article below is from Morocco World News so it s got a slant favoring this woman: New York   New York Judge Carolyn Walker-Diallo, a Black Muslim woman took oath as a civil court judge in New York on Thursday, while swearing to abide by the U.S. Constitution placing her hand on the Holy Quran.// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Judge Walker sworn in as a Judge holding the Holy Quran, at the Brooklyn Borough Hall.Kazi W Swapan Shakawat Ali Nazrul Haque Siraj Uddin Ahamed Mohammed Baro Bhuiyan Tbn NY TIME Debabrata Podder William Rivera Peter K. StaffordPosted by Mohammed N. Mujumder on Thursday, 10 December 2015In the United States and the majority of Western countries, politicians and members of the courts are sworn in to their positions while placing their hand on the Holy Bible when they take their oath.However, Judge Walker took her oath respecting the sacred book of her Islamic faith, the Holy Quran, while also wearing a hijab.A video posted on Facebook shows the moment when Judge Walker was sworn in as a civil court judge of the 7th Municipal District at the Brooklyn Burough Hall in New York City. All is praise is indeed due to the Most High! I am humbled that my community has entrusted me with the immense responsibility of ensuring that EVERYONE has notice and a FAIR opportunity to be heard in the halls of justice,  Walker wrote on her website.The video of her ceremony has prompted many comments in favor her induction. Some young Muslim girls in the Brooklyn Courthouse during the swearing in:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>At judge Walker,s installationPosted by Mohammed N. Mujumder on Friday, 11 December 2015 Good on her. Doesn t matter if it s a Bible or a Holy Quran, it s just the promise to perform to the best of your ability, swearing on something sacred to you,  a Facebook user said. The problem is that America isn t a Christian nation. It s supposed to accept all religions and be a nation that accepts people regardless of their race, religion, and now sexual orientation. If we don t allow all to be equal and free, then we lose the essence that makes us truly American,  she added. She follows the Constitution   just as Christian judges don t follow the Bible when they pass a verdict, she will not follow the Quran when she rules in a court of law,  a user said in response to those against her induction.Meanwhile, others denounced the fact that she was allowed a to take oath on the Quran instead of the Bible.A Facebook user posted a picture of the Holy Quran burning in flames to express his disagreement, while others took it a step further and posted images where the Quran is used as toilet paper, and messages such as  F**k Islam  and obscene remarks against Muslims.While social media users were arguing about whether she is allowed to take oath on the Quran, no one focused on Carolyn Walker s exceptional work. Here s a glimpse of her skills and achievements:Carolyn received a Juris Doctor from New York Law School. She serves as First Vice-Chair of Brooklyn Community Board 5, Board Chair of The George Walker Jr. Community Coalition, Inc., Board Member of the East New York Restoration Local Development Corporation, and a Member of the 75th Precinct Community Council. She is also a trained mediator with the New York Peace Institute, according to her biography.Via: Free Republic",0
14803,BRILLIANT! A Great Patriot Destroys The Argument That Muslim Immigration Is A Civil Right [Video],"SENATOR JEFF SESSIONS has been such a beacon of common sense and patriotism in his battle to save America s sovereignty. He s fought the battle of illegal immigration and now this battle of refugee resettlement with great focus. This is yet another example of his passion for doing what s REALLY right for Americans. Bravo Senator Sessions!Discussion of a nuclear security bill was hijacked in a Senate Judiciary Committee meeting by Sen. Pat Leahy (D-Vt.), who insisted on a  Right to Migrate  amendment that would bar the United States from banning an potential immigrant based on religion.Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) then delivered a rebuttal to Leahy: Fundamentally, foreign nationals living in foreign countries have no constitutional right to enter the United States. If they did, any alien denied entry could file suit to demand entry and claim damages for lost employment, lost welfare benefits, lost income. Choosing who can immigrate into the United States is, by definition, an exclusionary process. The goal is to select immigrants for admission based on the benefits they provide to society based on skills, ages, values, philosophy, incomes, etc. Our goal is to choose for admission those likeliest to succeed and flourish and, crucially, to support our Constitutional system of government and our values of pluralism and Republican governance. ",0
14804,COMMUNIST FILMMAKER MICHAEL MOORE Recruits Leftists In Attempt To Harm Trump,"The despicable anti-free speech, communist clown, Michael Moore is taking page out of Obama s community organizer book. He s asking for drones to help him report Trump on Facebook in an effort to shut down what Moore considers an opposing view. Of course, he wants the ability to make 2nd rate anti-American films, but God forbid, anyone running for office openly love and embrace American values Leftwing filmmaker Michael Moore is asking his followers to report Donald Trump for using  hate speech  on Facebook, in hopes of getting the GOP frontrunner banned from the social media site. Facebook prohibits all its users from using hate speech on its site ( You will not post content that is hate speech ),  wrote Moore in a detailed post on Wednesday.  I m joining others today in filing a complaint with Facebook that Trump s Facebook page is using hate speech to promote racism and bigotry. Moore added:  Please file your complaint, too. Here s how: Go to Trump s page facebook.com/DonaldTrump. Click  Report . Then click  It shouldn t be on FB . Then click  Hate Speech . Then click either  race or ethnicity  or  religious group . That s it. Let s get a few million doing this by the end of the day! The New York Daily News reported this week that despite an online campaign to censor Trump, his posts are protected under Facebook s community standards:Facebook s policy does highlight that any hate speech content attacking people on their race, ethnicity, religious affiliation or national origin will be removed. However, Trump s posts could potentially be protected by another rule under Facebook s community standards:  Facebook can be used to challenge ideas, institutions, and practices. Such discussion can promote debate and greater understanding.Friday, roughly a dozen protesters stormed a $1,000-a-plate New York City luncheon where Trump was delivering a speech, the Associated Press reported.Moore tweeted his  team  was outside the hotel:My team is down at the Trump Protest in NYC today. The Donald is having a fundraiser at the Plaza Hotel. Standby for updates. #DumpTrump  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 11, 2015LIVE on #Periscope: LIVE From the TRUMP PROTEST in NYC today outside Plaza Hotel. Donald arriving soon  (via @jas  https://t.co/IqPlwUAbAa  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 11, 2015New York Daily News picks up my campaign to have Facebook enforce its policy on hate speech against Donald Trump: https://t.co/hiRQr6rUIr.  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 10, 2015TIME magazine has just named German Chancellor Angela Merkel as Person of the Year. Somebody get Trump some smelling salts.  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 9, 2015Just sang Christmas Carols outside the National Republican Center in D.C. All Donald Trump themed songs of course. pic.twitter.com/FjFJDCgH1W  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 9, 2015Via: Breitbart News",0
14805,Climate Change Pact Reached: Carbon Tax and Redistribution Of Wealth COMING SOON?,"John Kerry and Al Gore are jubilant that we ve struck a deal (sort of) to limit carbon emissions what a couple of jokesters these guys are. It s really embarrassing that all these important people came together to discuss the weather and NOT our most pressing topic of what to do about terrorism. This is what happens when you let the liberals rule unicorns and rainbows:John Kerry told fellow negotiators,  it will help the world prepare for the impacts of climate change that are already here and also for those that we already know are on our way inevitably.  He added the pact would  prevent the worst most devastating consequences of climate change from ever happening. A deal to attempt to limit the rise in global temperatures to less than 2C has been agreed at the climate change summit in Paris after two weeks of intense negotiations. The pact is the first to commit all countries to cut carbon emissions. The agreement is partly legally binding and partly voluntary. Earlier, key blocs, including the G77 group of developing countries, and nations such as China and India said they supported the proposals. President of the UN climate conference of parties (COP) and French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said:  I now invite the COP to adopt the decision entitled Paris Agreement outlined in the document.  Looking out to the room I see that the reaction is positive, I see no objections. The Paris agreement is adopted. As he struck the gavel to signal the adoption of the deal, delegates rose to their feet cheering and applauding.John Kerry told fellow negotiators,  it will help the world prepare for the impacts of climate change that are already here and also for those that we already know are on our way inevitably.  He added the pact would  prevent the worst most devastating consequences of climate change from ever happening. Former U.S. vice president Al Gore says  years from now, our grandchildren will reflect on humanity s moral courage to solve the climate crisis. And they will look to December 12, 2015, as the day when the community of nations finally made the decision to act. South African environment minister Edna Molewa calls the pact  the best we can get at this historic moment.  She says it  can map a turning point to a better and safer world  but she added that developed countries still have to cut emissions more and help poorer nations to counter the effects of global warming.READ MORE: BBCRead more: AP",0
14806,LEFTISTS USE TRUMP To Teach Kids How To Use Violence Against Someone You Disagree With: “I Want To Kill Him” [VIDEO],"Just when you thought only Muslim terrorists teach their kids to use violence against anyone who doesn t agree with them Along comes the hateful American Left. What these poor misguided parents have clearly missed is how many Latino s don t support amnesty for people who ve illegally crossed our borders It seems like plenty of people have wanted to take a bat to Donald Trump s head this year, and last night in Oregon, some kids finally had the chance with a pi ata shaped like the Republican presidential candidate.At the grand opening for El Diablito, a food cart in Portland, Oregon, on Saturday, a group of predominately of children and Latinos took turns hitting a candy-filled Trump pi ata with a baseball bat.The group had some choice words as they took swings at the life-size presidential candidate figure, which had Trump posing with his mouth open and his middle fingers raised. I want to kill him,  one child said as he watched someone hit the pi ata.One woman eagerly smashed the pi ata as she hit it several times. Because f*** Trump,  she said when asked why she wanted a turn.  I m sorry I know there are kids here, but he really sucks that hard. Another man took several swings at the pi ata as he spoke about why he didn t believe that Trump should be elected. You re bringing hate and we don t want you as a president,  the man said as he hit the figure.The owner of El Diablito said, however, that the Donald Trump pi ata had nothing to do with politics, and was instead a way of bringing people to his food truck s grad opening. It has nothing to do about politics, actually,  he said.  It s about having a good time. I figured that would be the best character for everybody to be excited to take a hit at,  he added.  It s all about popularity and he s at the top of it right now A video of the event concludes with a little girl smashing the body off of the pi ata and a man holding the Trump figure s head by the hair as its body likes broken on the ground.Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
14807,Whoa! State Department Throws Hillary Under The Bus And Gives Us One More Reason NOT To Vote For Her [Video],"Yet another reason NOT to vote for this disaster of a Secretary of State!State Department spokesman John Kirby said in a press conference on Friday that Libya  has struggled  since 2011, when then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton led the charge for U.S. military intervention in the Libyan civil war. After the intervention in 2011   I think we ve all seen that Libya has struggled since 2011,  Kirby said. He pointed to the power vacuum that dictator Muammar Gaddafi s ouster created as a source of instability, and said that since 2011, violent groups like the Islamic State have filled that vacuum. We know that groups like ISIL try to use ungoverned spaces there, as they have in Syria, to try to propagate their own twisted form of ideology and violence,  he said.Kirby said that the international community is laboring to recover the security situation in Libya. There is a concerted effort by the international community to do what they can, to do what we must, to try to get at better security and stability there in Libya,  he said. ",0
14808,"LEFTIST FOR A LIVING Changes Position, Turns On Obama, Declares: “This Is A War…Shut Down The Borders…No Visas” [VIDEO]","FLASHBACK: Watch the video below to see Kudlow mock Republicans for their strong defense of closing our borders in his interview with  Gang of Eight  member, Jeff Flake (R-AZ) two years ago. The president had his last chance last Sunday night. And he didn t do it. He is not a wartime commander in chief. In fact, he is not a commander in chief. A hardline shift from an immigration reformer.I know this is not my usual position. But this is a war. Therefore I have come to believe there should be no immigration or visa waivers until the U.S. adopts a completely new system to stop radical Islamic terrorists from entering the country. A wartime lockdown. And a big change in my thinking.ISIS and related Islamic terrorists are already here. More are coming. We must stop them.Until FBI director James Comey gives us the green light, I say seal the borders.Here s what we must do: Completely reform the vetting process for immigrants and foreign visitors. Change the screening process. Come up with a new visa-application review process. Stop this nonsense of marriage-visa fraud. And in the meantime, seal the borders. I agree with Jessica Vaughn, director of policy studies at the Center for Immigration Studies, who argued many of these points in excellent detail on the National Review website on Friday.Again, why am I taking this hardline position? In the past, I have been an immigration reformer, not a restrictionist. But we are at war. That changes everything.Watch Kudlow demean conservative position on border control and immigration reform to RINO, Rep. Jeff Flake (R-AZ):Let me emphasize that my support for wartime immigration restrictions is not based on religion. I think Donald Trump made a big mistake here. Instead, I agree with this Rupert Murdoch tweet:  Complete refugee pause to fix vetting makes sense. Fortunately, the Republican House voted to tighten restrictions on travel to the U.S. by citizens of 38 nations who presently enter our country without a visa. This covers 20 million visitors a year who are allowed to stay 90 days. And of course this system is abused, big time.But I say seal the borders. People hoping to relocate to the U.S. from Syria, Iraq, and anywhere in the Middle East, and people coming here from France, England, Sweden, and wherever will be upset, at least for a while. There may be some unfairness to this. But I don t care. Wars breed unfairness, just as they breed collateral damage.We may set back tourism. We may anger Saudi princes whose kids are in American schools. But so be it. We need a wartime footing if we are going to protect the American homeland.Of course, President Obama doesn t get it. He never will. Already we should have led NATO into a declaration of war against ISIS. Already we should have pushed a resolution of war against ISIS through the UN Security Council. Already we should have convened meetings with our Mideast allies to formally declare war against ISIS. Already the U.S. Congress should have issued a formal declaration of war against ISIS.The president had his last chance last Sunday night. And he didn t do it. He is not a wartime commander in chief. In fact, he is not a commander in chief.As I have written before, if the U.S. wants to destroy ISIS, it can destroy ISIS. We won t end terrorism around the world. But we can destroy ISIS in Syria and Iraq. Prominent generals are telling us that. Prominent national security strategists are telling us that.So let s do it.If there is to be a true wartime effort to destroy ISIS, our leaders must communicate a sense of urgency and energy. Define the clear goal: the destruction of ISIS. Speak to that goal constantly. Take steps at home and abroad to back up that goal. Lead the country. Rally the country.Republican and Democratic commanders in chief have done this in the past. We must do it again.I don t believe a visa or immigration lockdown here in the U.S. will solve the Islamic terrorist threat. Many other steps must be taken. And I am not suggesting this in the name of religious profiling. Instead, I am hardening my position on immigration because we are at war and I fear we may be losing this war.My shift in thinking comes from a deep desire to strengthen homeland security. Hopefully an immigration freeze will not be in place for very long. But for now I believe we must do it. (By the way, keeping America safe is a prerequisite for growth.)And let me add, as I have in the past, if the U.S. has the will, the urgency, and the energy to destroy ISIS, then we will destroy ISIS.WATCH Kudlow s defense of immigration in this video only one year ago. My, what a difference a year makes:Via: Breitbart News",0
14809,Failure Of Leadership: Obama And Hillary Just Fine Leading From Behind [Video],This ad is fantastic and really nails the failure of leadership from Obama and Clinton: ,0
14810,"HOW COLLEGES PUNISH HIGH ACHIEVERS: Check “African American” On SAT Test, ADD 230 Points…Check “Asian,” DEDUCT 50 Points","This is a stunning story of how the Left gets away with punishing hard work and accomplishment all in the name of  fairness.  Who decides which minority population is more important than another? In a windowless classroom at an Arcadia tutoring center, parents crammed into child-sized desks and dug through their pockets and purses for pens as Ann Lee launches a PowerPoint presentation.Her primer on college admissions begins with the basics: application deadlines, the relative virtues of the SAT versus the ACT and how many Advanced Placement tests to take.Then she eases into a potentially incendiary topic   one that many counselors like her have learned they cannot avoid. Let s talk about Asians,  she says.Lee s next slide shows three columns of numbers from a Princeton University study that tried to measure how race and ethnicity affect admissions by using SAT scores as a benchmark. It uses the term  bonus  to describe how many extra SAT points an applicant s race is worth. She points to the first column.African Americans received a  bonus  of 230 points, Lee says.She points to the second column. Hispanics received a bonus of 185 points. The last column draws gasps.Asian Americans, Lee says, are penalized by 50 points   in other words, they had to do that much better to win admission. Do Asians need higher test scores? Is it harder for Asians to get into college? The answer is yes,  Lee says. Zenme keyi,  one mother hisses in Chinese. How can this be possible?College admission season ignites deep anxieties for Asian American families, who spend more than any other demographic on education. At elite universities across the U.S., Asian Americans form a larger share of the student body than they do of the population as a whole. And increasingly they have turned against affirmative action policies that could alter those ratios, and accuse admissions committees of discriminating against Asian American applicants.Everyone works hard and struggles. But there s this feeling that it s going to be harder for us.   Lawrence Leonn, 16HERE is a perfect example of how Americans have allowed Asian minority status to be discounted in favor of the more vocal Black students on campus:And there is the case of the young Asian reporter who dared to attempt to cover University Of Missouri s Black Lives Matter event. There was certainly no media outcry at the bullying and the horrible treatment he received by students and faculty alike. Click HERE for the full story and video.That perspective has pitted them against advocates for diversity: More college berths for Asian American students mean fewer for black and Latino students, who are statistically underrepresented at top universities.But in the San Gabriel Valley s hyper-competitive ethnic Asian communities, arguments for diversity can sometimes fall on deaf ears. For immigrant parents raised in Asia s all-or-nothing test cultures, a good education is not just a measure of success   it s a matter of survival. They see academic achievement as a moral virtue, and families organize their lives around their child s education, moving to the best school districts and paying for tutoring and tennis lessons. An acceptance letter from a prestigious college is often the only acceptable return on an investment that stretches over decades.Lee is the co-founder of HS2 Academy, a college prep business that assumes that racial bias is a fact of college admissions and counsels students accordingly. At 10 centers across the state, the academy s counselors teach countermeasures to Asian American applicants. The goal, Lee says, is to help prospective college students avoid coming off like another  cookie-cutter Asian. Being of Asian descent, the junior says, is  a disadvantage.  The problem, she says, is in the numbers.Asian families flock to the San Gabriel Valley s school districts because they have some of the highest Academic Performance Index scores in the state. But with hundreds of top-performing students at each high school, focusing on a small set of elite institutions, it s easy to get lost in the crowd.Of the school s 4,000 students, nearly 3,000 are of Asian descent, and like Yue are willing to do whatever it takes to gain entrance to a prestigious university. They will study until they can t remember how to have fun and stuff their schedules with extracurriculars. But there s an important part of their college applications that they can t improve as easily as an SAT score: their ethnicity.In the San Gabriel Valley, where aspirationally named tutoring centers such as Little Harvard and Ivy League cluster within walking distance of high schools, many of them priced more cheaply than a baby-sitter, it didn t take long for some centers to respond to students  and parents  fears of being edged out of a top school because of some intangible missing quality. I don t want to be racist or anything,  Lawrence said.  Everyone works hard and struggles. But there s this feeling that it s going to be harder for us. Complaints about bias in college admissions have persisted since at least the 1920s, when a Harvard University president tried to cap the number of Jewish students. In November, a group called Students for Fair Admissions filed a suit against Harvard University for admissions policies that allegedly discriminate against Asian Americans. The group cited the 2004 Princeton study and other sources that offer statistics about Asian Americans  test performance.At the University of Texas at Austin, an affirmative action policy that allows admissions committees to consider the race of prospective applicants has been argued all the way to the Supreme Court. (The policies were upheld by a lower court, but that court s decision was voided by the Supreme Court. Another court upheld the policies and another appeal is pending.)Those who defend  holistic  admissions policies insist that considering a broader range of variables ensures that all applicants are judged fairly. And the Princeton study Lee refers to has been widely criticized by academics who argue that it relies too heavily on grades and test scores to draw conclusions about racial bias and that the data the study uses are too old to be relevant.Still, anxiety over racial admissions rates is peaking as cash-crunched public universities increasingly favor high-paying out-of-state and foreign students at the expense of local applicants of every ethnicity. A 2014 bill that would have asked voters to consider restoring race as a factor in admissions to public California colleges and universities sparked multiple public protests and scathing editorials in Chinese newspapers. The bill, Senate Constitutional Amendment 5, was shelved last year. That same ethic causes parents and students to agonize over which box, if any, to check on the race and nationality section of the application. One parent asked Zell whether it would help to legally change the family name to something more Western-sounding.Last year, a rumor that Harvard University would stop accepting any more Asian American students from San Marino High School spread like a trending hashtag.Mollie Beckler, a counselor at San Marino High School, says that Harvard never imposed such a rule. School counselors are continually trying to dispel myths like these, she says, if only in hopes of slightly lowering the huge stress students shoulder because of their intense focus on elite schools. The feeling of failure they get from trying to reach such high standards,  she said,  is very concerning to us in the counseling world. Only a few of the San Gabriel Valley s tutoring centers confront the ethnic admissions issue head-on.Jamie Aviles, a counselor at the ACI Institute, doesn t teach ways to overcome perceived racial bias, she says. But she and many other counselors do agree on at least one thing.As Aviles puts it:  It sucks to be a kid in the San Gabriel Valley. Via: LA Times",0
14811,"BREAKING: ISIS May Have Stolen Passport Machine, Making Unlawful Entry To U.S. Easy","At $200 a pop even a poor jihadi can find a new home in America U.S. intelligence officials are warning that the Islamic State terrorist group may have seized an official government passport printing machine and a trove of blank passports in Syria and could be printing fake passports that would allow some of its followers to infiltrate the U.S. border.The terror group has reportedly been able to print legitimate-looking Syrian passports since taking over the city of Deir ez-Zour last summer, home to a passport office with  boxes of blank passports  and a passport printing machine, according to a Homeland Security Investigations Intelligence Report issued to law enforcement last week and reviewed by ABC news.Another passport office was located in Raqqa, Syria, where the terror group has long maintained its de facto capital. Since more than 17 months [have] passed since Raqqa and Deir ez-Zour fell to ISIS, it is possible that individuals from Syria with passports  issued  in these ISIS controlled cities or who had passport blanks, may have traveled to the U.S.,  the report says, ABC reported.FBI Director James Comey admitted the U.S. intelligence community was concerned about the problem in testimony before Congress on Wednesday. The intelligence community is concerned that they [ISIS] have the ability, the capability to manufacture fraudulent passports, which is a concern in any setting,  Mr. Comey said.Fake Syrian passports have already been discovered in Europe, most notably two used by suicide bombers in the Paris attacks last month.According to the source that provided the passport information to homeland security officials, Syria is awash in fake documents. The source further stated that fake Syrian passports are so prevalent in Syria that Syrians do not even view possessing them as illegal,  the report says, according to ABC.  The source stated fake Syrian passports can be obtained in Syria for $200 to $400 and that backdated passport stamps to be placed in the passport cost the same. The report included one example in which law enforcement officials said that a Syrian passport discovered in Turkey was printed with a designator number indicating it had been printed in an ISIS-controlled area earlier this year.The last page of the report warns,  If ISIS ability to produce passports is not controlled, their operations will continue to increase and expand outside of their operational controlled areas. Via: Washington Times",0
14812,OBAMA AND VALERIE JARRETT Finalize Executive Action Gun Control Proposal,"It s almost as though we don t even have a Constitution Never let a crisis go to waste President Barack Obama s advisers are finalizing a proposal that would expand background checks on gun sales without congressional approval.White House adviser Valerie Jarrett says the president has asked his team to complete a proposal and submit it for his review  in short order.  She says the recommendations will include measures to expand background checks.Jarrett spoke Wednesday night at a vigil for the victims of the Newtown shooting, according to a summary provided by the White House.After the mass shooting in Roseburg, Oregon, Obama said his team was looking for ways to tighten gun laws without a vote in Congress. White House officials have said they re exploring closing the so-called  gun show loophole  that anti-gun advocates claim allows people to buy weapons at gun shows and online without a background check.The move comes following the deadly terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California, that left 14 people dead. All of the guns used in the massacre were purchased legally. Opponents of new gun control regulations have argued that the proposals being pushed by Obama would not have prevented the tragedy or recent mass shootings. Via: The Blaze",0
14813,Why Did Friends And Family Protect Muslim Bonnie And Clyde From Authorities?,"While some of the most important questions about this jihadi couple are being left unanswered, the media is circling the wagons around the  Islamaphobia  narrative to ensure that no Muslims have hurt feelings. Syed s parents knew that he was becoming more radical, and one look at that wife could ve told you she wasn t Mary flippin  Poppins. Why did friends and relatives distance themselves from these radicals, but never once bother to contact authorities about their radicalized behavior you know, just in case they might shoot up a Christmas party in an act of  workplace violence. Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik, both devout adherents to the Religion of Peace, are a glimpse into the future of America. I ve written about the unchecked flood of refugees poised to pour into the United States and the willful blindness of those who ignore the stated intention of those who would do the nation harm to infiltrate that mass of humanity with the intent to cause havoc. And now, it has begun.Of course, regardless of whether Syrian refugees are allowed in or not, Tashfeen Malik and Syed Farook would have committed the San Bernardino shooting. Farook was born an American, and Malik was a Pakistani with a K-1 visa; essentially, a mail-order bride.Fianc e visas were bad enough when it was just war brides and gold diggers from the former-Soviet Union countries, but now these bitches are trying to kill people.The ISIS claim of responsibility for the San Bernardino shooting is definitely iffy. Terrorists aren t known for being the most honest sorts and would claim a tornado tearing through an Oklahoma trailer park as their doing, if they could find the Sooner State on a map.I imagine the State Department will exercise the same sort of diligence and care in vetting all the Syrian refugees as was giving to Tashfeen Malik. We only have every person who ever came into contact with her saying Malik was a hard-core ideologue with Jihad tendencies. Attending Al-Huda International Seminary wasn t a tip that she might not be terribly friendly to the United States?Al-Huda is basically post-graduate school for those who hate the great Satan, America. Oh, by the way, there are campuses in the United States and Canada. And they offer convenient internet classes for those who would like to learn jihad from the comfort of their own homes.Neither the Saudis nor the Pakistanis want to claim this chick. Both are pointing at the other and saying,  She went rogue on your watch.  That s saying a lot for two countries that are absolutely lousy with terrorists and terrorism to the point it is, at least, their number two export.As the investigation deepens, it s coming out that these two were Jihadis long before ISIS came to anyone s attention. In the aftermath, there is a litany of friends and family, associates and acquaintances, who had distanced themselves from the Muslim Bonnie and Clyde and did absolutely nothing to tip off the rest of the world that Farook and Malik were becoming dangerous.In the weeks and months to come, I predict a long line of people who knew what was going on. Not just the neighbors, who harbored strong suspicions, but didn t say anything because they were scared to death of the Liberal Social Justice Warriors letting slip the social media dogs of war against them for being Islamophobes, racists, and all around bigots.What I m talking about are fellow Muslims, who knew damn well they were killers-in-waiting.As I write this, the FBI is putting together enough evidence to arrest Farook s father. No doubt, his mother will be occupying a jail cell in short order, too. Regardless one s opinion on laws imposing the duty to report certain crimes, being arrested for failure to report a pending terror attack tells me there is probable cause to believe they possessed the information.Just where is this vast majority of Muslims who abhor what Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik did in San Bernardino? You know, the ones who supposedly love America and her freedoms.A few representatives of mosques and lawyers for the family have been condemning their act in the week since the shooting spree, but what about the rank-and-file sorts who actually knew them? Neither was on any sort of watch list or under investigation. The government had no reason to be keeping tabs on them. Yet, the very people who were in positions to point them out did nothing.To say  Not all Muslims are terrorists,  is like saying,  Not all Fords explode.  A true statement on its face, but losing sight of the fact that an identifiable sub-group of Fords exploded under the right circumstances.Readers who remember voting for Ronald Reagan at least once probably also remember the fuel tank controversy involving the Ford Pinto. If you don t, Google it out because I m not your History professor, and you won t understand what I m about to say.There were about 2.7 million Pintos in the United States when Ford initiated their recall in the fall of 1978. Eventually, 27 deaths that would not have otherwise occurred were attributed to fires subsequent to low-speed, rear-end collisions. Every model of Ford since has borne the stigma of the Fiery Ford. I know a guy who still says he drives a  Ford Exploder. Not all Fords explode. Not all Ford Pintos explode. Not all Ford Pintos of an identifiable body type explode; it specifically requires addition of a low-speed, rear-ending that also breaches the integrity of the gas tank, along with a spark to ignite the whole mess. And it helps for the body panels to crumple in just the right way to prevent the doors from opening and trapping the occupants inside.So, tell me again why we are unable to pick out the dangerous Muslims?As coincidence would have it, there are about 2.77 million Muslims in the United States with fourteen dead and twenty-one wounded just last week in San Bernardino. Is twenty-seven dead bodies the magic number before somebody says,  You know, there seems to be an awful lot of people dying when Muslims are around. Maybe we should stop letting them come here until we get a handle on this problem? Via: Carlos Cunha",0
14814,GITMO PRISONER OBAMA RELEASED IN 2012 Identified As Al-Qaeda Leader In Yemen,"Another Gitmo detainee returns to terror Is anyone else starting to see a pattern here? Former Guantanamo detainee, Ibrahim Qosi, who is also known as Sheikh Khubayb al Sudani, is now an al-Qaeda leader in Yemen.April , 2012  For al-Qosi, his release will allow him to be reunited with his family. Unlike many other prisoners, all of his immediate family are still alive. As Paul Reichler, his Washington-based civilian attorney, who represented him pro bono for seven years, explained,  He is now in his 50s, eager only to spend his life at home with his family in Sudan   his mother and father, his wife and two teenage daughters, and his brothers and their families   and live among them in peace, quiet and freedom. His Pentagon-appointed defense lawyer, Navy Cmdr. Suzanne Lachelier, noted that, last week, al-Qosi was moved to  special quarters,  with  a flat-screen TV, a refrigerator that let him eat at his leisure and a small outdoor gravel-topped patio, all inside a locked enclosure.  Cmdr. Lachelier added there was also  a real bed rather than a steel bunk topped with a mat,  but that al-Qosi slept on the floor before leaving  because he suffers from a bad back. A source with knowledge of al-Qosi s case, who does not wish to be identified, told me that the Obama administration was unwilling to detain al-Qosi after his sentence came to an end, and I believe that one of the reasons that the President negotiated a waiver to the provisions in the National Defense Authorization Act, allowing him to bypass restrictions on releasing prisoners that were imposed by Congress, was to prevent Republicans from trying to force him to continueholding al-Qosi.Summing up his client, al-Qosi s lawyer, Paul Reichler said,  He is an intelligent, pious, humble and sincere individual who has endured much hardship the past 10 years. But he returns home without hatred or rancor. Really? Al-Qaeda leader = peace? The Long War Journal reported:Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) released a new video featuring a former Guantanamo detainee, Ibrahim Qosi, who is also known as Sheikh Khubayb al Sudani.In July 2010, Qosi plead guilty to charges of conspiracy and material support for terrorism before a military commission. His plea was part of a deal in which he agreed to cooperate with prosecutors during his remaining time in US custody. Qosi was transferred to his home country of Sudan two years later, in July 2012.Qosi joined AQAP in 2014 and became one of its leaders. Qosi and other AQAP commanders discussed their time waging jihad at length in the video, entitled  Guardians of Sharia. Islamic scholars ensure the  correctness  of the  jihadist project,  according to Qosi. And the war against America continues through  individual jihad,  which al Qaeda encourages from abroad. Here, Qosi referred to al Qaeda s policy of encouraging attacks by individual adherents and smaller terror cells. Indeed, AQAP s video celebrates jihadists who have acted in accordance with this call, such as the Kouachi brothers, who struck Charlie Hebdo s offices in Paris earlier this year. The Kouachi brothers  operation was sponsored by AQAP. Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
14815,"BRITISH TV PERSONALITY: Don’t Blame Trump For Muslim Ban Comments , He Speaks For The Masses…Who Can Blame Americans For Not Wanting To End Up Like UK? [VIDEO]"," He [Obama] makes me want to wrap a suicide vest around my head and text BOOM to my brain On the Brit s desire to be politically correct about Muslims invasion of UK: You are too busy gazing at the fluff in your navel to see the gangrene in your foot Trump is terrifying. We have seen the future and it is bleak  said one reporter.In turn, thousands are busy clicking on a hideously impotent petition to  BAN TRUMP FROM GREAT BRITAIN .What exactly are they achieving? Having their say? Joining in the outrage bus?No doubt petition sites like change.org are on their web favourites, right up there with erectile dysfunction.co.uk. and single.com.They may as well calm down. We are not banning Donald from the UK.And even if Trump were elected President, he wouldn t be able to ban Muslims from his shores   even if he wanted to.Ask yourself: how could he possibly make it work?America struggles to control its southern border as it is. It is not going to be able to change the global passport system and get your religion stamped on your passport or your head to establish your faith.What s the Christianity test going to be? Snurfling a hot dog whilst singing  Give me joy in my heart, keep me praising ? After a Muslim couple gunned down 14 residents of San Bernardino, California, Americans looked for strong leadership. Just like after 9/11 when Bush made like a dog of war and took the fight to the terrorists.They didn t get from dreary Obama. He makes me want to wrap a suicide vest around my head and text BOOM to my brainDon't demonise Trump. He speaks for millions of Americans.And who can blame them for not wanting to end up like us?https://t.co/5SaKwd02Hu  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) December 9, 2015It took the President a couple of days to even admit the attack was terror and when he did finally address a nervous nation on Sunday night his tone-deaf message was that Muslims were their  friends, neighbours and sports heroes. In contrast, Trump IS providing leadership. He knows some of his grand-standing is hot air. But he is articulating a sentiment held by millions and reinforcing himself as a protector of the American people.It s the reason Trump is the Republican front runner. He has spent just $330,000 on broadcasting to Jeb Bush s $42.5 million  which is indicative of how much America is enthralled by this new voice.I hear cries that he is a blithering idiot. I have often been called a deranged fool. But if this were true you could ignore me, ignore us, imaging the two of us shouting naked at the rain.It s because we articulate sentiments repressed by the politically correct consensus that we have a voice.Trump said:  We have places in London so radicalised that police are afraid for their lives. Within moments the Met Police, Prime Minister David Cameron, and the clownish Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, jumped to defend the reputation of the UK and distance themselves from this glaring truth.Yet, at the time of writing, no less than five bobbies on the beat have come forward to confirm that there ARE estates where they will only patrol out of uniform.There is fear among the police AND the public.I work with a team of cameramen in town who text their wives and partners on the hour to confirm they are safe.My family is not keen for me to be in the capital.Some friends will no longer come to London.How do you feel about the security of the city s shopping centres right now, after what happened in Paris?I watch the BBC news, our national broadcaster, ramming home messages of inclusiveness.Today they gave platform to a representative of the Muslim community telling Trump he is an Islamophobe and is not welcome here.But that s not my voice. That is not the voice of a nation. All Brits don t think that way.Being force-fed multi-culturalism brought us to this place. When the only permitted message is acceptance, any views to the contrary result in a label to shame you into silence.Racist! Islamophobe! Nazi!Don t just stick a label it. Be curious. Wonder, how has Trump come to articulate the views of a majority of Republicans across the States?Because I don t buy into the clear divide between extremist Muslims and peaceful ones. I don t see these as two separate entities. It is a sliding scale, a spectrum. From utterly peaceful, to ambivalence to sympathising, to extremist, to a man blowing up buses in Woburn Place.It is the same slippery slope which sees regular mosque attendees from Luton slip off to Syria to join ISIS. And suddenly a tight knit Muslim community knows nothing.Not the local imam, not local families, no one. No one denouncing terrorism. Just a wall of silence. In our country.Hate hidden behind walls we are told to accept and tolerate because we are multi-cultural. Repeat after me. Multi-cultural.History teaches us lessons were refuse to learn.The IRA would not have enjoyed decades of success without many among the Northern Irish Catholic population acting just the same way as the imams and family and friends of extremists in Luton today.We have gone too far and lost control of vast swathes of our country. In part we ARE a radicalised nation and it does nobody any favours to deny the obvious.Trump wants to call a temporary halt to Muslim immigration until America figures out what is going on.Adversaries may be quick to jump on Trump and make him the problem.But look around. You are too busy gazing at the fluff in your navel to see the gangrene in your foot.You lost sight of terrifying.It isn t a big, brash American untroubled by the need to be loved. It is the march of ISIS and the so-called Islamic State.You may want to distance yourself from Trump. You may want to carry on navel gazing.But for many Americans, Europe is rapidly becoming an example of everything they never want to be. Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
14816,Protesters Block Downtown Chicago Streets And Michigan Avenue,"Protesters were out in large numbers on Michigan Avenue today calling for the resignations of Mayor Rahm Emanuel and the State s Attorney. Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel spoke publicly earlier in the day and apologized for the handling of the Laquan McDonald investigation. Protesters shut down Michigan Avenue to hurt the city in the pocketbook. Idiotic! They were chanting,  No justice, No profit!  because they want to hurt the retail stores in the downtown area too. They moved into the Division and State Street area but were being blocked from the Gold Coast area which is the upscale area of town. When some of the protesters broke into an alley at North Ave. they were turned back. Please listen to this video (if your ears can stand it) and see if you hear someone screaming,  Allah Akbar! Small clip of protesters who broke though police line in a River North Alley pic.twitter.com/B0zV8bCfJm  Tony Briscoe (@_TonyBriscoe) December 9, 2015: A protester tells why he s there:Why this Protester is marching. @WGNNews #LaquanMcDonald pic.twitter.com/cvU1dxUl5N  Erik Runge (@WGNErik) December 9, 2015  ",0
14817,BOMBSHELL: New Evidence Shows Hillary Ignored Pentagon’s URGENT Offer To Help Benghazi Consulate [VIDEO],"Hillary lied again! This time, a very important e-mail recently obtained by Judicial Watch shows that the Pentagon was demanding Secretary of State Hillary Clinton allow them to send help to Benghazi during the 2012 attack. This would completely contradict the claim from Hillary and Leon Panetta that no forces were available and within reach to provide help to the compound that was under siege.As the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi was unfolding, a high-ranking Pentagon official urgently messaged Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s top deputies to offer military help, according to an email obtained by Judicial Watch.The revelation appears to contradict testimony Defense Secretary Leon Panetta gave lawmakers in 2013, when he said there was no time to get forces to the scene in Libya, where four Americans were killed, including U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens. I just tried you on the phone but you were all in with S [apparent reference to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton],  reads the email, from Panetta s chief of staff Jeremy Bash.  After consulting with General Dempsey, General Ham and the Joint Staff, we have identified the forces that could move to Benghazi. They are spinning up as we speak. Ironically, Hillary Clinton and her minions were concerned with spinning the story instead of gearing up the military forces.The email was sent out at 7:19 p.m. ET on Sept. 11, 2012, in the early stages of the eight-hour siege that also claimed the lives of Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith and two former Navy SEALs, Ty Woods and Glen Doherty, private CIA contractors who raced to the aid of embattled State Department workers.Although the email came after the first wave of the attack at the consulate, it occurred before a mortar strike on the CIA annex killed Woods and Doherty. This leaves no doubt military assets were offered and ready to go, and awaiting State Department signoff, which did not come,  Judicial Watch, a nonprofit government watchdog said in a statement.Parts of the email from Bash were redacted before release, including details on what military forces were available.But, if you want to know what forces were likely to be available, all you have to do is listen to, or read, the account from an ex Special Forces member who explained it to Bryan Suits on the  Dark Secret Place,  a popular radio show in Los Angeles.In the interview from November of 2012, he explained why Panetta s claim was a LIE, and described the CIF which stands for Commanders In extremis Force, that could have been sent to Benghazi:[The CIF is a] heretofore little known American option You ve probably never heard that before. It s not secret per se, but it s not publicized very much  the CIF, as it s called is something that is available to every theater commander.The CIF are US army special forces soldiers who are specifically dedicated to being prepared at all times for months on end to leave with no notice, with little or no information to move by air or whatever vehicle, to a situation, that they have been determined to be the best immediate solution to. They oftentimes get in the air with absolutely no idea where they re going or what the mission is. Oftentimes they are briefed in the air. The entire purpose of this [CIF]  in the extreme, there is no worse case than this. Something is happening right now, and we don t have 24 hours to get Delta force in there. Something is happening right now, and that s why these forces, the CIF are pre-positioned  to at the drop of a hat, to go anywhere and do anything.It s time to explain what is angering so many people in the special operations community, because they re aware of the CIF.He then explained why Panetta was lying about there not being enough time to send them:The bottom line is this   did the president have an option? He did. What Leon Panetta said about  real-time information , when Leon Panetta was saying that on Thursday, we know that s a LIE. Because we ve known for weeks that there was a predator drone orbiting the Benghazi consulate. Have US forces been sent places with less information? YES. I can personally vouch for being sent places where my initial mission was to find out what was going on.There s no such principle that you don t deploy people without information.So there it is. Panetta and Hillary LIED to the American public over and over, and the media never pressed them enough to demand answers.And this information has been available since a MONTH after the attack TESTIMONY FROM WHISTLEBLOWER GREGORY HICKS: ",0
14818,"CHILLING UNDERCOVER VIDEO Exposes Discrimination, Relationships With Judges And Arbitrary Criteria Used To Deny Gun Permits","Alex Roubian, head of the New Jersey 2nd Amendment Society goes undercover to expose the truth about how  the state of New Jersey makes it almost impossible to obtain a gun permit. Here, he explains to New Jersey 101.5 radio host why he made the video and what he found:Here is the actual undercover footage:The group s president, Alexander P. Roubian, said on the New Jersey 101.5 radio show Tuesday morning he s distributing an undercover video each day this week exposing how difficult it is to apply for a gun permit. The latest video is the raw, uncut footage that shows not only the sexism which has been occurring, but also the discrimination against the disabled, discrimination against the young, discrimination against the old, where a police officer arbitrarily states that he wants to deny people   and he is denying people   because of his feelings. Not because of anything else except for his feelings,  Roubian said.He gave the example of Chris Garey, Detective Sergeant not wanting to give a petite woman a gun because he thinks she might not be able to handle it. This has been going on for years,  Roubian said.  This is no secret. What we re doing is documenting it. According to Roubian, the discrimination is allowed to happen because it s done by the government, but if ordinary citizens were to discriminate like this, there would be consequences. He s asking people to watch the videos and to hold Gov. Chris Christie and New Jersey s police departments accountable by asking them whether they condone or condemn this type of conduct.Roubian also called criticisms of private, home gun shops  fear-mongering at its best.  He noted that in 45 other states police have no interaction with people applying for gun permits. Instead, your background check is executed by a gun store. This isn t about being pro-cop/anti-cop. It s about the system,  Roubian said.Roubian and I stand as supporters of home gun shops, and agreed that they should be allowed to exist. After all, there isn t any documented case of an issue with these federally permitted stores.Interestingly enough, near the end of the video, the police officer featured in this video admits he believes we should all have guns. So, if he really believes that, why does he work so hard to discourage people who come to him from obtaining gun permits? ",0
14819,ISLAMIC TERRORIST ORGANIZATION Joins Obama And Friends To Condemn Trump’s ‘No New Muslim Immigrants’ Position,"What does Obama, the Democrat Party, the state-run media and faux conservatives in Congress all have in common with Hamas? They all want to take down Trump TEL AVIV   Palestinian terrorist organizations did not take kindly to Donald Trump s call for a  total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country s representatives can figure out what is going on. Responding to Trump s proposal, Ismail Radwan, a Hamas leader and spokesman in Gaza, told Breitbart Jerusalem:  We do not estimate that the current U.S. administration, any administration, will implement these racist suggestions. This is a pathetic attempt to attribute terror exclusively to Muslims. Radwan, whose group s charter calls for the murder of Jews and the destruction of Israel, lectured Trump:  Islam is a religion of peace, a religion which opposes bloodshed. Radwan glossed over Hamas  own long and sordid history of bloodshed in the name of Islam, including thousands of terrorist attacks that have killed hundreds of Israelis. Hamas has been responsible for suicide bombings, shootings, and rocket attacks targeting Israeli neighborhoods.Abu al-Ayna al-Ansari, a senior Salafi jihadist in the Gaza Strip, also sounded off to Breitbart Jerusalem on Trump s remarks.Supporters might argue that Trump s shutdown could stop future terrorist attacks. Ansari, however, claimed that, because of leaders like Trump,  the American people are risking more terrorist attacks from our brothers, fighters of the Islamic State. We Muslims have grown used to these types of statements, which prove that the U.S. under any president will continue to be hostile towards Muslims,  added Ansari.The jihadist went on to claim that Trump s sentiments exposed the  truth  about American leaders.  They claim to stand for human rights, while in actuality they carry out the same policy as that of the infidel crusading West, which oppresses the Muslims. Trump should know that a new generation of Muslims has risen, a generation that is capable of handling people like him and countries like the U.S.,  Ansari added.Speaking on ABC s  Good Morning America  on Tuesday, Trump clarified that under his proposal American Muslims can come and go as they please.Trump expressed his hopes that a shutdown  will go quickly,  as soon as  our leaders figure out what the hell is going on. If a person is a Muslim, goes overseas and comes back, they can come back. They re a citizen. That s different,  Trump explained.  But we have to figure things out. Speaking on CNN on Tuesday, Trump warned that the country risks more terrorist attacks if his plan for a temporary ban on Muslim immigration is not implemented. You re going to have many more World Trade Centers if you don t solve it   many, many more and probably beyond the World Trade Center,  Trump told CNN s Chris Cuomo.Trump speculated that there are already terrorists inside the country.  They want our buildings to come down; they want our cities to be crushed.   They are living within our country. And many of them want to come from outside our country. In a statement released to reporters on Monday, Trump cited a poll from the Center for Security Policy showing that segments of the Muslim population hold anti-American views.According to Pew Research, among others, there is great hatred toward Americans by large segments of the Muslim population. Most recently, a poll from the Center for Security Policy released data showing  25% of those polled agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad  and 51% of those polled  agreed that Muslims in America should have the choice of being governed according to Shariah. Trump urged Americans to better understand the ideology of radical Islam before allowing Muslims into the country. Without looking at the various polling data, it is obvious to anybody the hatred is beyond comprehension. Where this hatred comes from and why we will have to determine. Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in Jihad, and have no sense of reason or respect for human life. Via: Breitbart News",0
14820,TRUMP SPOKESPERSON Hammers it Home On Trump’s Moratorium On Refugees [Video],Katrina Pierson does a fantastic job with this CNN anchor  ,0
14821,WATCH DEFIANT MUSLIM REFUGEES Tell British Citizens : “We will come anyway…if you agree or not…we’re coming”,"Wow! Just wow Where are you from?Syria.Syria?Why don t you claim asylum in France?France? Because I don t like it.You don t like France? Why not?Because they re shit. Because they re shit government.Okay. You want to come to England?Yes, because they re the best.Why are they the best?Because they treat people very good.So you want to come to England. But that doesn t mean you, and you and you can come to our countryWe would come anyway .If you agree or not, we re coming.It doesn t matter. ",0
14822,White House Sinks To New Low: Spokesperson Makes Fun of Trump’s ‘Outrageous Appearance’ and Hair,"This is really reaching the spokesperson for the President has just made an a@@ of himself by making fun of a candidate for the 2016 Presidency. He said we can t take Trump seriously with his  fake hair . Nice, huh? Speaking of fake hair Not to sink to his level but (two can play this childish game)now that he mentions it, can we talk about Mooch? White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Tuesday that Donald Trump s appearance, and particularly his famous hair, makes it easy to understand why people don t take him seriously as a presidential candidate.At the White House, Earnest said Trump s overall appearance should give voters pause for thought. The Trump campaign for months now has had a dustbin of history-like quality to it, from the vacuous sloganeering, to the outright lies to even the fake hair, the whole carnival barker routine that we ve seen for some time now,  Earnest said. Earnest was pressed to explain later why the White House would seemingly play Trump s game by mocking his appearance, but Earnest defended his remarks.Read more: iotw ",0
14823,Is Obama Using The Refugee Resettlement Of Muslims To Give ISIS World Domination?,"Since Obama was sworn in as President hundreds of thousands of  refugees  have come to America most of them Muslim. We re also seeing thousands of people from all over the world cross our Southern border illegally. With the virtual invasion via illegals and refugees, is Obama trying to give America to ISIS? It is a question worth asking if you look at the facts: DHS has just announced that ISIS is infiltrating the Refugee Resettlement Program. No shocker there. And yet, not only does Obama refuse to shut it down, he s bringing more and more in. Treasonous much? He s also going after our guns and constitutional rights in an attempt to strip them from us just when we need them the most. ISIS PLANS GLOBAL DOMINATION: A document has just surfaced which outlines how ISIS organizes its territory and controls it. I am not surprised. I would have expected nothing less from the Caliphate. They are a conquering force after all, so it makes sense that they would be the ultimate, brutal community organizers.Before we get into that, the latest on ISIS is that Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour is dead in Afghanistan. He was mortally wounded in a shootout last Tuesday and succumbed to his wounds sometime within the next 48 hours. If true, this is a death blow to the Taliban in Afghanistan by ISIS and is very bad news. As horrific as the Taliban is, ISIS makes them look like amateurs.Experts say they can t figure out where ISIS is getting their funding. Are you kidding me? They are big business: drugs, oil and they are backed by various countries behind the scenes and other players in geopolitical manipulations. ISIS will spread through Afghanistan like a malignant cancer. Slaughter and terror will be widespread. ISIS is very organized in their conquest for the Caliphate and they will rule the country with an iron fist and a Quran.I don t believe the Taliban when they say Mansour is still alive. If he were alive, we would have seen him by now. Already, slick propaganda is surfacing from ISIS of their executions of their enemies. It is brutal and gory. I have heard reports of them making the Taliban kneel on explosives and then blowing them up. They also put mortars as necklaces around their necks and then detonate them. The training camps they are setting up all over the place are terrifying and many are flocking to ISIS to join in the fight for the Caliphate. They are the strong horse in the race for the Middle East. ISIS is going from town to town, province to province and slaughtering people and conquering in their wake. They rape women and children, execute infidels and crucify offenders. They take slaves and wealth as they go. It is very reminiscent of Genghis Kahn. People flee in abject terror when they hear that ISIS is approaching.Neither Russia or the United States could take the Taliban out. They live like goats in the mountains of Afghanistan. But ISIS is making short order of them and fast. The trick is to be more brutal and aggressive than your enemy and ISIS has that down to an art. ISIS settled in among the population in Afghanistan and then activated. That is exactly what they are doing in Europe. Things are about to get very, very dicey out there.Now, with this unearthed document, we see how they have global plans. ISIS is already throughout the Middle East and with the Hijrah migration, they are now planted in Europe. Just as they did in Afghanistan, they initially plant themselves within a population before rising up in cells and sweeping the country. They are beginning to do this in America too, thanks to Barack Obama s open borders and Refugee Resettlement Program.Read more: Noisy Room",0
14824,"WATCH EPIC VIDEO Of Truth Teller Colonel Ralph Peters, Suspended By FOX News For Using Tough Language To Describe Obama","Yesterday, we announced that FOX News would be suspending FOX News host, Stacy Dash and FOX commentator, Colonel Ralph Peters, after the Left inundated the station with calls for their dismissal. Media Matters headed up the effort and it appears that FOX has caved to the Left.From the FOX News website: We want YOUR input! Tell us what you love, tell us what you hate   just don t keep it to yourself! As a FOX Fan, you ll have a unique opportunity to make your voice heard and affect change at FNC. Below, you ll find a few ways to contact us. BUT, if you re more of a phone person, you can call us at 1-888-369-4762.So if FOX News wants to hear how you feel about their show, we say you should LET THEM KNOW! Tell them how you feel about their decision to suspend conservative host, Stacy Dash and truth teller, Colonel Ralph Peters!The Free Beacon has put together a great video featuring some of Colonel Ralph Peters best hits on Obama and other incompetents on the Left who are leaving our nation vulnerable to terror:Retired Lt. Col. and belletrist Ralph Peters lives in a constant state of Beastmode, the Washington Free Beacon has found.Peters, who specializes in bold truths that others are too afraid to tell, has appeared in more Beastmode videos than any human being on Earth except The Hammer and chain smoker John Boehner. That s some good company.Peters was suspended from Fox News for two weeks on Monday after a particularly high-voltage blast of truth-telling, for fear his commentary would fry the electric grid of the United States like an EMP attack. ",0
14825,"HELL FREEZES OVER…Or Does It? [Video] Hundreds Of Muslims In Dearborn, MI Take To Streets To Protest ISIS","It only took what 14 years for this to happen? 9-11-01 is a memory that is etched in the minds of every American. One of the most distinctive memories many of us have following the attack by Muslim extremists on our country, was the deafening silence from the huge Muslim community in Dearborn, MI.The protest against ISIS in the majority Muslim community of Dearborn, MI is a good start. Americans can t help but wonder though, why it took so long for Muslims to protest these acts of terror by Islamic extremists? Is it because they ve come to the realization that ISIS is not particularly discriminating about who they target? You can t help but notice the Muslims in this video are carrying a huge sign telling Muslims that 99.9% of ISIS victims are actually Muslims. And you certainly can t help but question where were all the protests when Al-Qaeda and other terror networks announced they were specifically targeting the West.There is no doubt there are Muslim Americans who love this country. Why wouldn t they? We offer freedom of religion, free education, housing, healthcare and food benefits. What we really need to see is that love for country extended to the love for their neighbors, for their Christian and Jewish neighbors specifically. This protest is a good start, but when Muslims make an honest attempt to assimilate in our country, instead of coming here with the intent of maintaining Sharia law and replacing our cultures and religious values with theirs. When they make an attempt to assimilate, that s when we ll know and believe they are truly interested in becoming Americans, not transplanted Muslims from overseas working to turn America into a Sharia compliant nation.",0
14826,BUILD THE WALL! How Terrorists Have Been Coming Across Our Border For Years [Video],"OUR GOOD FRIENDS AT TEXAS BORDER VOLUNTEERS are on the border catching illegals all the time. The Vickers family has a ranch that sees hundreds of illegals. Please read the first-hand account of what s really been going on at our border: MIKE VICKERS OF TEXAS BORDER VOLUNTEERS:  Probably 60 percent to 70 percent of the groups we encounter are not Mexican,  said Dr. Mike Vickers, who started the group and who owns a ranch in South Texas.  We see a lot of Chinese and people from India and Pakistan.  All day, every day, thousands of people cross by car, by bus and on foot   spilling out onto the main streets of Laredo. As she makes a Christmas wreath, flower shop owner Marta Narvaez says she s scared. Narvaez tells us in Spanish she feels sorry for Syrians fleeing war in their homeland. But it s also dangerous, she says, because we don t know if some refugees are also terrorists. We try to piece the story together,  Webb County Medical Examiner Dr. Corinne Stern says. When someone dies on the journey north, she interviews the people who stayed with the body. We asked Dr. Stern how people from around the world are getting to Laredo.  It s the same story. It s the same story every time,  she says.  They ll say we crossed the river at night. It s always at night.  Always with the help of smugglers who run routes through Central America and Mexico   and it s big business.  We ask how much did you pay the coyote,  Dr. Stern says.  The average I hear is $8,000 to $12,000. And somehow they come up with that money.  So far this year, her team has not found the body of anyone of Syrian descent.  But we know it s happening. We know they re trying to cross our border,  Dr. Stern says.Now many lawmakers are calling for tougher border security laws.  I think the concern with Syria is: are these folks connected to ISIS?  Rep. Will Hurd (R   TX) says. His district includes almost all of Texas  long border with Mexico.  I spent 9 years as an undercover officer in the CIA,  Rep. Hurd says.  I was chasing Al Qaeda in Pakistan and Afghanistan. I ve been on some pretty nasty borders in my career so I know something about stopping bad guys.  He calls the terrorist attacks against the French and Russians warnings, and now America must decide how to handle Syrians at our border before it s too late.  The House passed legislation and the Senate s picking up saying if we re not able to figure out who these people are, we shouldn t let them in the country,  Rep. Hurd says.  It s balancing compassion with security.  If border towns are the first line of defense, checkpoints are the last. They re about an hour or so north, in rural areas that are always on high alert. We encounter people from different nationalities,  Hector Moreno with the U.S. Border Patrol says. Agents at the checkpoint in Falfurrias are known for busting the most undocumented workers and drug runners. But for every person they catch, dozens more trek through the thick South Texas brush to avoid detection. So Border Patrol has added a new tool to its arsenal: rescue beacons, strategically placed on vast ranches that are hotbeds of smuggling activity. The beacons are tall, red towers. At the base is a button people can push if they need emergency or medical help and want to turn themselves in to Border Patrol.  It comes in Spanish and in Mandarin.At one time there was an influx of that nationality in these parts of the area,  Moreno says. The beacons are more evidence of the worldwide web of immigration. But ranchers in the Rio Grande Valley says when it comes to this latest threat from Syrians, the government isn t coming clean.  The Border Patrol do not tell us as ranchers what specific countries these special interest countries   these people come from,  rancher Dr. Mike Vickers says.  And we have a problem with that. Why is Washington keeping it a big secret? Using their pack of dogs as protection, Dr. Vickers and his wife Linda encounter immigrants undeterred by electric fences and barbed wire. They ve personally caught hundreds of people trying to skirt the checkpoint.  Whether they re an illegal alien from Mexico or from Syria it is my duty to find them on my property and report them to Border Patrol. No exceptions,  Linda Vickers says. One time, something was left behind that Dr. Vickers says proves people from the Middle East have been crossing the border illegally for years now.  As he came over the fence, this fell out of his pocket,  Dr. Vickers says while holding up a dusty book.  And we were right there watching the whole show.  It s an Urdu dictionary found two years ago.  This is where Urdu is spoken,  Dr. Vickers says while pointing at a map inside the book.  Pakistan, Afghanistan, India, Iran.  Flip through the dictionary and you ll find key phrases are circled.  You must pay in dollars,  Dr. Vickers reads.  All of these phrases were circled so this is obviously a dictionary the coyote was using to communicate with the people.  The old discovery is giving way to new concerns as Syrian refugees make their way west.  Mexico s taking them but they re not going to stay in Mexico,  Linda Vickers says.  They re going to head up here. I think that s a given. Read more: News 4 San Antonio",0
14827,PRO-GUN University President Calls Hillary Clinton A Deplorable Liar For Her Attack On His Comments [Video],"Liberty University President Jerry Falwell, Jr. was not taking Hillary s lying sitting down. Falwell made comments about how the students should arm themselves against terror attacks like the one in California. Hillary twisted his words int a complete lie. Here s his response:  I ll tell you what s deplorable. Hillary s a liar. That s not what I said. I went on to say  those Muslims  referring specifically to those part of my comments to the community center incident in California.  ",0
14828,Democrat Mayor Proclaims He’s Barring Trump From Entering St Petersburg,"We can all breathe a sigh of relief, knowing that the only reason for the mayor s ridiculous tweet is partisan politics. Could you imagine if a Mayor of any major (or even minor) city barred Obama from their city during his Presidential bid?  Racist  wouldn t have been a strong enough word I am hereby barring Donald Trump from entering St. Petersburg until we fully understand the dangerous threat posed by all Trumps.  Rick Kriseman (@Kriseman) December 8, 2015Based on the latest polls, St. Petersburg, FL mayor, Rick Kriseman may want to re-think his decision, since it appears not everyone in Florida agrees with him: ",0
14829,OBAMA REGIME Uses Image Of U.S. Constitution In Spanish Speaking Ad Encouraging Illegals To Become Citizens/Voters,"A shameless promotion of amnesty by our Feds. Obama and the Democrats are willing to do whatever it takes It s all about the votes The Obama administration is encouraging the 8.8 million eligible lawful permanent residents to become U.S. citizen with efforts aimed at raising awareness about the process and pressing more immigrants to naturalize.Just for fun the Obama regime threw in this silly little reminder (see end of tweet where VOTE is prominently displayed in upper case letters. This tweet (featured in the Spanish speaking video) basically serves as a reminder: If you gain your citizenship through our efforts, you must vote to keep the Democrats (who were willing to sell out their nation) in office Monday, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services   the agency responsible for overseeing immigration to the U.S.   is out with a video composed of a compilation of  six word  entries via social media from  citizens of any country, living anywhere  about what U.S. citizenship means to them. Back in September, we asked you to share what U.S. citizenship means to you in six words using the hashtag: #citizenship6. You responded in ways that touched us, challenged us and showed us that one word has so many meanings,  the agency explained.The agency released two versions of the video one in English and one in Spanish. We also created banners for our home page that we ll post over the coming months. Enjoy the video, and please share it with your friends and family!  the agency added.In order to naturalize most applicants must demonstrate they can understand, read, write, and speak basic English.",0
14830,WATCH: FOX News Host And Commentator Suspended On Same Day For Using ‘Colorful Language’ To Describe Obama,"What do you think? Has Americans reached their breaking point? The Fox News and Fox Business networks have suspended on-air host Stacey Dash and commentator Lt. Col. Ralph Peters for cursing on the air about President Obama s handling of the Islamic State terrorist group.https://youtu.be/9RYsIAkyNlIPeters called Obama a  pussy  after his primetime televised speech on terrorism, while Dash said that he couldn t give a  shit  about the terrorist group. Both commentators immediately acknowledged that they were wrong for using the epithets, but the suspension still stands.Via: Breitbart News",0
14831,"U.S. Air Force Runs Out Of Bombs To Drop On ISIS…Don’t Worry Though, Barry’s Got This","Bombs a-w oh, never mind Things must be going well in the  war on terror,  as the US Air Force just admitted that it is fast running out of bombs to drop on ISIS after  B-1s have dropped bombs in record numbers.  As ZeeNews reports, Air Force chief of staff General Mark Welsh said as America ramps up its military campaign against the Islamist terror group, the Air Force is now  expending munitions faster than we can replenish them. The US Air Force is fast running out of bombs to drop on ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq after its pilots fired off over 20,000 missiles and bombs since the US bombing campaign against the terror group began 15 months ago, its chief has said. As ZeeNews reports, B-1s have dropped bombs in record numbers. F-15Es are in the fight because they are able to employ a wide range of weapons and do so with great flexibility. We need the funding in place to ensure we re prepared for the long fight,  Welsh said in the statement. This is a critical need,  he said.The bombing campaign has left the US Air Force with what an Air Force official described as munitions depot stocks  below our desired objective. The Air Force has requested additional funding for Hellfire missiles and is developing plans to ramp up weapons production to replenish its stocks more quickly. But replenishing that stock can take  up to four years from time of expenditure to asset resupply,  the official told CNN. The precision today s wars requires demands the right equipment and capability to achieve desired effects. We need to ensure the necessary funding is in place to not only execute today s wars, but also tomorrow s challenges,  the official said. As The Washington Times concludes, Russia has been bombing ISIS positions sporadically while France and Great Britain are now active in the American-led coalition which could relieve some pressure.Much larger potential adversaries like Russia or China most surely are following this development carefully. If the USAF cannot sustain a trickling battle against a poorly armed, medieval enemy, fighting a superpower military is obviously beyond its capability.Via: Zero Hedge",0
14832,WATCH TRUMP CROWD ERUPT: “We have no choice! Complete shut down of Muslims entering U.S.”,"Trump reads his Muslim shutdown statement at a rally this afternoon:  It s difficult to watch this gross incompetence that I watched last night.  Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shut down of Muslims entering the United States, until our country s representatives can figure out what the hell is going on. We have no choice. https://youtu.be/VxgkvfV-3qE",0
14833,HOMELAND SECURITY: ISIS Has Already Tried To Exploit Refugee Program To Enter U.S. [Video],"Our Homeland Security Director gave us all the lowdown on the refugee program and it s what we all thought: ISIS has been trying to use the refugee program to come to America. Why in the heck are we still trying to bring refugees here? Can t we help them in the Middle East? The only thing I can guess is that this is Obama s agenda and he s not letting up on fulfilling it. The State Department and UN are pushing refugees through the system as fast as possible. This is big, big business for the Refugee Resettlement contractors ho get paid per refugee and then get millions from the feds on top of that. The kicker is that YOU pay for the  goodies  the refugees get once they re here. That s why America is a global magnet for refugees!",0
14834,HIGH SCHOOL V.P. Warns Students: “Only terrorists we need to fear are “domestic white ‘Christian’ men with easy access to guns.”,"It s a wonder we have any sane children coming out of our Leftist indoctrination think tanks that are being passed off as  schools.  The  Vote Bernie  is an especially nice touch The vice principal of Camden Hills Regional High School has America s enemy all figured out:  domestic white  Christian  men with easy access to guns. After a lone gunman killed two civilians and a police officer in Colorado Springs, Colorado, the vice principal, Piet Lammert, took to Facebook to post his thoughts the next day:It s Small Business Saturday. Buy localThere s a show in the Strom tonight. Buy ticketsThe only terrorists we need to fear are domestic white  Christian  men with easy access to guns. Vote BernieThat is all. Enjoy your dayFive Town CSD Superintendent Maria Libby criticized the post, but defended the administrator. I know Piet and he s someone who genuinely accepts all people,  Libby tells WGME.  The post does not reflect who he is as a person. She didn t stop there. It was a mistake,  Libby says.  It was a poor choice in words and it should never have been posted.  The superintendent didn t specific what words would have been better to say.After it was posted, Libby said the situation  has been handled,  without giving any specifics. I have investigated it and I have taken appropriate action,  Libby would only say.Lammert took to Facebook to apologize to  those I offended,  but also to attempt to explain his comments.I am writing to take responsibility and apologize for a post that I made on my private Facebook account yesterday. I mistakenly left my setting open to  Public  and in doing so made a post that offended some members of our community and beyond. I deeply regret doing so, take full responsibility, and hope that those I offended will accept my apology.Apparently still feeling the public blow back from his remarks, the school administrator posted another apology, saying it was  an exaggeration. With true humility, I write to apologize for the offensive statement that I recently posted on Facebook. I did not intend this statement literally when I wrote it it was an exaggeration but soon after realized that it was unintentionally hurtful, offensive, and divisive at a time when more than ever we need compassion and understanding.In short, I did not mean what I said and wish with all my heart that I could take it back. But I need to take responsibility for it nonetheless, because I wrote it. It does not represent who I am or what I believe, but I wrote it. This post is an effort to at least begin to make amends.Had I simply written what I meant, the post would have reflected my urgent distress at the epidemic of mass violence in our country, which more recent events have proven to span all social groups. Ironically, in my effort to point out that we run the risk of simplifying the problem by singling out a particular ethnic group, I did exactly that to the group to which I belong. It was careless and rash.Lambert appears to have removed the offensive post from his Facebook page. He did however, leave this post up on his page, just in case anyone wonders where he stands on the  evil  NRA. Note the cute little nickname he appears to have given them:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>NRA: Not Really ApplicablePosted by Piet Lammert on Monday, December 17, 2012WGME attempted to contact the public employee, but Lammert reportedly ignored their requests. Via: EAG News",0
14835,CHRISTIAN HIGH SCHOOL Told By State They Are No Longer Allowed To Pray Before Games,"The drip drip drip of communism Leftists are stealing our rights and freedom while Americans can t be bothered with  politics  because they re too busy watching the Kardashians The Florida High School Athletics Association recently denied a request by two Christian schools to broadcast a prayer before a championship game at Orlando s Citrus Bowl Stadium.Cambridge Christian School in Tampa and the University Christian School out of Jacksonville are playing in the District 2-A high school football championships today and coaches from both teams submitted a request to ensure a 30-second prayer over the loudspeaker before kickoff, Bay News 9 reports.But Roger Dearing, director of the Florida High School Athletics Association, denied the request for two main reasons. The facility is a public facility, predominantly paid for with public tax dollars, makes the facility  off limits  under federal guidelines and precedent court cases,  Dearing wrote in an emailed response to the teams.  In Florida Statutes, the FHSAA (host and coordinator of the event) is legally a  State Actor,  we cannot legally permit or grant permission for such an activity. Cambridge head of school Tim Euler doesn t agree with Dearing s ruling. We ve played 13 football games this year,  he told Bay News 9  We ve prayed before every one of them. Here s the problem,  Euler told WTSP.  The Florida Legislature is opened up with prayer in a building that is paid by tax dollars. What is the difference? If they can pray there, we can pray here, and I want them to be able to pray there and I want us to be able to pray here,  he added.  So I think (Dearing s) reasoning is flawed at the core of it. Euler said Friday morning, hours before the game s 1 p.m. start time, that it s unlikely the teams would be able to reverse the decision, but believes it s important to highlight the problem, nonetheless. What we really want to do is raise awareness,  he told Bay News 9.  All we re asking for is an opportunity for two Christian schools to pray. WTSP attempted to contact the Florida High School Athletic Association about the ruling, but the agency ignored its request.WTSP reporter Mike Deeson posted about the controversy on Facebook. I was disappointed the Florida High School Athletic Association didn t return our calls,  he wrote.  I wanted to know how the legislature opens with a prayer in a taxpayer owned building with state employees, yet FHSAA maintains a prayer couldn t be said in a taxpayer funding facility the Citrus Bow that was sanctioned by state employees, members of FHSAA. Something doesn t make sense when you compare the two   but they NEVER returned our calls,  Deeson posted.  In my opinion that was a BAD PR MOVE! Readers, of course, were enraged by the FHSAA s decision. I think it s absolutely ridiculous that they will not let two Christian schools pray before their game,  Mary Salvatore posted to Facebook.  And you wonder why we have so many mass shootings across the country! So PC and so tolerant that you become intolerant,  Robert Rosengarten added.  Let them pray, who gives a f. If they want to pray to Jesus, Allah, the flying spaghetti monster, let them, who cares. Who s to stop them?  Daniel Suarez questioned.  What if both teams come together before the game and pray? What if all in the stands begin to pray? Who would it hurt?  Via: EAG News",0
14836,95 YR OLD WWII VETERAN Writes Scathing Letter To Obama: “I can’t figure out what country you’re the president of”,"When WWII veteran and Pearl Harbor resident, Harold Estes wrote this letter, he was a retired Master Chief Boatswains Mate. He died on May 7, 2011. This is the most amazing and honest letter to our Community Organizer In Chief that you will ever read. Although this letter was written in 2009, its content is surprisingly still very timely. He discusses Obama s disdain for our police, military and America in general and even addresses his warped views on race in America. Enjoy Dear President Obama,My name is Harold Estes, approaching 95 on December 13 of this year. People meeting me for the first time don t believe my age because I remain wrinkle free and pretty much mentally alert.I enlisted in the U.S. Navy in 1934 and served proudly before, during and after WW II retiring as a Master Chief Bos n Mate. Now I live in a  rest home  located on the western end of Pearl Harbor allowing me to keep alive the memories of 23 years of service to my country.One of the benefits of my age, perhaps the only one, is to speak my mind, blunt and direct even to the head man.So here goes.I am amazed, angry and determined not to see my country die before I do but you seem hell bent not to grant me that wish.I can t figure out what country you are the president of. You fly around the world telling our friends and enemies despicable lies like: We re no longer a Christian nation   America is arrogant    (Your wife even announced to the world,  America is mean-spirited.  Please tell her to try preaching that nonsense to 23 generations of our war dead buried all over the globe who died for no other reason than to free a whole lot of strangers from tyranny and hopelessness.) I d say shame on the both of you but I don t think you like America nor do I see an ounce of gratefulness in anything you do for the obvious gifts this country has given you. To be without shame or gratefulness is a dangerous thing for a man sitting in the White House.After 9/11 you said,  America hasn t lived up to her ideals.  Which ones did you mean?1. Was it the notion of personal liberty that 11,000 farmers and shopkeepers died for to win independence from the British ?2. Or maybe the ideal that no man should be a slave to another man that 500,000 men died for in the Civil War?3. I hope you didn t mean the ideal 470,000 fathers, brothers, husbands, and a lot of fellahs I knew personally died for in WWII, because we felt real strongly about not letting any nation push us around because we stand for freedom.4. I don t think you mean the ideal that says equality is better than discrimination. You know the one that a whole lot of white people understood when they helped to get you elected.Take a little advice from a very old geezer, young man. Shape up and start acting like an American. If you don t, I ll do what I can to see you get shipped out of that fancy rental on Pennsylvania Avenue. You were elected to lead not to bow, apologize and kiss the hands of murderers and corrupt leaders who still treat their people like slaves.And just who do you think you are telling the American people not to jump to conclusions and condemn that Muslim major who killed 13 of his fellow soldiers and wounded dozens more. You mean you don t want us to do what you did when that white cop used force to subdue that black college professor in Massachusetts who was putting up a fight? You don t mind offending the police calling them stupid but you don t want us to offend Muslim fanatics by calling them what they are, terrorists.One more thing. I realize you never served in the military and never had to defend your country with your life but you re the Commander-in-Chief now, son. Do your job. When your battle-hardened field General asks you for 40,000 more troops to complete the mission, give them to him. But if you re not in this fight to win, then get out. The life of one American soldier is not worth the best political strategy you re thinking of.You could be our greatest president because you face the greatest challenge ever presented to any president.You re not going to restore American greatness by bringing back our bloated economy. That s not our greatest threat. Losing the heart and soul of who we are as Americans is our big fight now. And I sure as hell don t want to think my president is the enemy in this final battle.Sincerely,Harold B. EstesHarold B. Estes and many of his peers are part of a generation that is known as  The Greatest Generation.  Estes, a World War II veteran credited with helping bring the USS Missouri and Bowfin museums to Hawaii, and who gained Internet fame with a letter written to President Barack Obama telling him to  shape up and start acting like an American,  died Tuesday May 17, 2011.Bringing the battleship Missouri to Pearl Harbor started as an idea tossed around in 1994 by Estes, retired Adm. Ron Hays and Navy veteran Edwin Carter, according to the museum.Estes served over 20 years in the Navy. He took to the Navy like the proverbial duck takes to the water. Estes loved the Navy and the Navy returned that love. His first ship was the battleship California, later sunk at Pearl Harbor.Estes was a true gentleman. He didn t have a political bone in his body, and he loved America and his fellow veterans.A letter critical of Obama penned by Estes several years ago went viral on the Internet and references to it are still numerous.",0
14837,Dinesh D’Souza DESTROYS Leftist College Student’s “White Privilege” Argument [VIDEO],"This is a MUST watch from start to finish. There has never been a leftist who can defeat the brilliant Dinesh D Souza in a debate. He is a gift to conservatism and if we are ever going to win the war against the Left, it is in everyone s best interest to listen to what this brilliant man has to say and learn how to turn the argument back on these faux moralists. The best part of the discussion between this leftist Amherst student and Dinesh D Souza comes at the 5:40 mark and again at the 10:15 mark: History is very complicated. Let me give you an example of India, so we can look at this at the level of theory. India was invaded by the British, and earlier by the Afghans, and the Persians and the Mongols. So you have all these successive invasions. Right? Are you actually saying that you believe in a rule of social justice today, that says globally lets look at this as a global rule of justice I m gonna figure out whose ancestors did what to whom and I m going to return goods that were illicitly taken from the beginning, to the people who had it originally. Do you believe that s a viable way to organize our society? Do you believe, if I can ask you a direct question, that you are the benefit of  white privilege  here at Amherst? The rest is pure gold Since you are an acknowledged beneficiary of illicit  white privilege.  Would you be willing to step aside, voluntarily, putting your own moral mouth where your  self-proclaimed virtue  is, and give your seat, your seat, not my seat, I realize you may be super generous with other people s advantages and favor affirmative action so other white kids who apply to Amherst are turned away  to open spaces for minorities. But I m not talking about you acting out you acting out your virtue on them. I m talking about you acting out your virtue on you. Are you willing to give up your illicit seat, that you don t deserve here at Amherst to make room for a disadvantaged minority? Yes or no?   ",0
14838,TAKE ACTION TO PUT SAFETY FIRST: Demand Congress Stop Funding Refugee Resettlement With YOUR Tax Dollars,"PLEASE TAKE ACTION TODAY! You will find out this week if Speaker Ryan and Senate Majority Leader McConnell put your safety first! We have no obligation to invite unvetted third world refugees to your towns to live off of your hard work (your tax dollars). Yes, you pay for this!ACTION ALERT: DEMAND CONGRESS STOP FUNDING REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT WITH OUR TAX DOLLARS In the wake of the horrific terror attacks in San Bernardino and Paris, the FBI said it lacks the funds to stay ahead of the escalating terror threats right here in America. So why would we want to divert any of our tax dollars, which should be directed to reinforcing our nation s security and intelligence apparatus to protect our families and our nation, to opening the gates to refugees from terror-supporting nations whom we CAN NOT vet and whose ranks ISIS and other terror organizations target to infiltrate?This Monday (today!) and Tuesday, we must flood the offices of our US Representatives and Senators with calls (US Capitol Switchboard: 202-224-3121) urging them to vigorously oppose Refugee Resettlement Funding contained in the Omnibus Spending Bill that will be voted on by 12-11-15!Then make 4 more calls to insist the same:1. Speaker Paul Ryan/Phone: 202.225.3031 2. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell/Phone: 202.224.2541 3. Rep. Hal Rogers, Chair, Appropriations Committee/Phone: 202.225.4601 4. Sen. Thad Cochran, Chair, Senate Appropriations /Phone: 202.224.7257Tell your Members of Congress IN NO UNCERTAIN TERMS THAT YOU WANT THEM TO SUSPEND REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT FUNDING IMMEDIATELY.Read Sen. Jeff Sessions  statement on this: OMNIBUS EXPECTED TO FUND OBAMA S ENTIRE IMMIGRATION AGENDAUS Rep. Candice Miller of MI, Vice Chair of the Homeland Security Committee, said: I support Governor Snyder s decision to suspend efforts to relocate Syrian refugees to Michigan, and have cautioned against the Administration s decision to increase the number being admitted into the U.S.  terrorist organizations like ISIS are looking for any and every opportunity to exploit a nation s hospitality to carry out their barbaric attacks against the innocent. Anyone who says we can adequately and safely vet these refugees is wrong because there is no database in Syria and no way to identify who s who. THIS IS THE MOST IMPORTANT NATIONAL SECURITY ISSUE OF OUR TIME. If you don t want unvettable refugees from terror-supporting countries in your neighborhood, you must raise your voices NOW. The immigration industry is a powerful lobby and private resettlement contractors have the authority to send refugees to any town, city, neighborhood or location without public notification and local consent.REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT MONITOR   MICHIGANWe have been telling you over the last week or so (here, here and here) that those (mostly the  religious Left ) who want to bring in massive numbers of Muslim migrants and other refugees are pulling out all the stops to pressure Congress (yesterday we learned that even the Quakers are against you). They have never (in 35 years!) been so challenged! You must counter them!Next week there will be much to do locally and statewide, but this week, you must make this a priority!READ MORE: REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT WATCH",0
14839,Obama’s Delusion Continues In Vapid Address To The Nation : “ISIS Doesn’t Speak For Islam” [Video],"Obama addressed the Nation In a nothing burger of a jumble of jargon:Here are steps Congress can take right now to help defeat the terrorist threat from ISIL and keep Americans safe. https://t.co/YFgbTSXndX  The White House (@WhiteHouse) December 7, 2015  ",0
14840,TRUMP SPOKESPERSON Delivers A Knockout Punch To Arrogant CNN Host [Video],Trump Spokesperson Katrina Pierson:  When was the last time you fact checked Barack Obama?  I love her!!! ,0
14841,REPORTER INTERVIEWING TRUMP Refers To CA Terrorists As “Regular people”…Trump’s Response Is Nothing Short Of Awesome," Well, I don t know. When you have pipe bombs laying all over the floor, I don t think they re  regular people.' That s not all  Trump had a few things to say about the Terrorist s family and some common sense advice for people who see something they suspect may be tied to terrorism in their neighborhoods as well https://youtu.be/9Vddc8t655E",0
14842,"HOW OBAMA MADE IT POSSIBLE FOR ISIS To Erase 2,000 Years Of Christianity From Iraq [VIDEO]","ISIS stormed into Mosul, Iraq last summer. Much of what took 2,000 years to build has been lost in a matter of months. There are no Christians left in Mosul Surely, our intelligence community warned Obama this would happen. If our President is so concerned about the welfare of Muslims (mostly men) supposedly escaping persecution by ISIS, why did he abandon these Christians in Iraq?Nothing is sacred to these monsters. Christian relics and books from the 1st century have been destroyed by ISIS. Christian homes in Mosul have been marked by ISIS. If you are a Christian and ISIS puts their mark on your home, it signifies you are expected to either convert to Islam, pay an extortion fee or  face the sword. Unfortunately, democracy in Iran brought a new wave of persecution for Christians. When the US withdrew from Iraq completely, the situation became dire. The government was not capable of taking care of the Christian population and ISIS moved in to eradicate the Christian population and erase any trace of Christianity. Where Christians have been living for over 1,000 years, there is nothing but silence empty building and homes. ",0
14843,HILLARY CLINTON Gives Lame Excuse For Why She Lied To The Families Of Benghazi Victims [Video],"You will not believe this whopper! Hillary Clinton is dealing in vague answers that are really downright lies. She claims in an interview that it was  the fog of war  that made her lie to the families of the Benghazi victims. I say it was cover your a@@ time and that s what they came up with. These people are sickening! Sunday on ABC s  This Week,  while discussing the uncovered email showing Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton had told the Egyptian prime minister that  we know the attack in Libya had nothing to do with the film,  prior to telling them it was a YouTube video that caused the terror attack, Clinton said she did not lie to them but instead was caught up in  the fog of war. When confronted by video clips of family members of Benghazi victims, Clinton said,  I understand the continuing grief at the loss that parents experienced with the loss of these four brave Americans. I did testify as you know for 11 hours and I answered all of these questions. Now, I can t   I can t help it that people think there has to be something else there, I said very clearly, there had been a terrorist group that had taken responsibility on Facebook, between the time that I, you know, when I talked to my daughter, that was the latest information, we were giving it credibility, and then we learned the next day, it wasn t true. In fact, they retracted it. This was a fast-moving series of events in the fog of war. I think most Americans understand.  ",0
14844,Unreal! Homeland Security Chief Makes Outrageous Statements Regarding Muslims [Video],"What does it say to Americans when the head of Homeland Security voices his support for not offending one group over all other Americans. Since day one at his job as head of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson has been a smug liar who is protecting the radical agenda of Obama. He supports Obama s open border policy and lies through his teeth to pretend like he doesn t. I ve listened to him testify before Congress on our open borders and he lies like crazy. He should never have been sworn in for the job. Please listen to this jackwagon and you ll understand he s NOT looking out for us: Jeh Johnson    We Must Give Voice To The Plight of Muslims In This Country : ",0
14845,"PRICELESS! DONALD TRUMP Joined By The Ladies Of Diamond And Silk: “The Silent Majority Has Spoken, Baby!” [Video]"," I want everybody to know that we stand behind Donald J. Trump! (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Diamond And Silk joins Donald J. Trump on stage @ tonight's rally in Raleigh, North Carolina.   #Trump #Trump2016 #TeamTrump #TrumpTeam #DonaldTrumpPosted by Support Donald Trump 2016 on Friday, 4 December 2015",0
14846,SHE SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN ALLOWED To Step Foot On American Soil: How Female Terrorist Used Fake Info To Get US Visa,"CAN WE JUST STOP ALLOWING Muslim Refugees and visitors into U.S. from countries who hate us already? How about we focus on the 1% of Pakistani s who are Christian that face daily persecution at the hands of Muslims?UPDATE: Tashfeen Malik posted a pledge of allegiance to ISIS before her deadly attack. She used a fake address on her passport.Via ABC:For the visa application, the address she listed in her Pakistani hometown, ABC News discovered today, does not exist. Malik received a her Green Card this summer, U.S. officials said.Tashfeen Malik, the female terrorist involved in the San Bernardino attack should have never been granted an American visa if the Immigration and Nationality Act holds any weight.Malik, who was found to have a Pakistani passport, obtained the K-1 visa in Islamabad, Pakistan. However, American visa laws that are meant to detect potential terror threats trying to infiltrate the country should have blocked the female jihadist from obtaining that visa.As the Center for Immigration Services notes, Section 214(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act states that  individuals who appear likely to overstay their temporary visas and try to settle permanently in the United States are not to be issued one. The regulation is meant to detect individuals seeking a visa who do not have permanent families in their home country and whether or not they have enough money to travel back to their home country once their visa is expired.This screening process is meant to expose individuals trying to to get into the country for the purpose of resettling permanently and overstaying their visa, as so many do.Nonetheless, Malik was able to obtain a visa in Islamabad despite the screening process which should have detected the fact that she was a young woman resettling in the US to potentially raise a family with her radical jihadist husband Syed Farook.Malik passed her DHS screening:Under Section 214(b), Malik should have been denied a visa, as there was ample evidence that she would overstay her visa.But, Malik could have obtained her visa the same way the 9/11 hijackers obtained theirs: through the  Visa Express  program.As reported by The Hayride, the Visa Express program allowed 9/11 hijackers Abdulaziz Alomari, Salem al Hamzi, and Khalid al Midhar to obtain their visas in Saudi Arabia without even being interviewed by consular officials at the American consulate.The terrorists simply obtained their visas by sending officials their applications and supporting documents through a designated travel agency.This allowed the three terrorists to go undetected despite red-flags that they were single, young men with not enough funds to return back to their home countries once their visas expired.Likewise, if Malik gained her visa through the  Visa Express  program at the American consulate in Islamabad, it would explain how she was allowed to enter the country despite overwhelming suspicions that she would overstay her visa.The Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) admits that there are so many visas given out each year around the world that it is impossible to conduct background checks on every single person.And, we all saw what happened yesterday in San Bernardino.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14847,AS JIHADI’S TIES TO ISIS Are Exposed…Obama’s DOJ Tells Muslims: “We stand with you in this”,"As one would expect the Obama regime is tripping all over the dead bodies of this tragedy to promote gun control. They only take a break from their embarrassing behavior to assure Muslim s they ve got their backs. Will this nightmare ever end?On Thursday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch, speaking at the Muslim Advocate s 10th anniversary dinner, shockingly refused to focus on the Muslim community after the terrorist attacks committed by Muslims in San Bernardino and Paris, instead. She reassured her audience,  We stand with you in this. In another astonishing moment, Lynch said that since the Paris attacks, her greatest concern has been the  incredibly disturbing rise of anti-Muslim rhetoric   that fear is my greatest fear.  One humdred thirty people were massacred by Muslim terrorists in Paris last month, added to the 17 killed in the Charlie Hebdo and kosher supermarket attacks in Paris, plus the 14 slaughtered in San Bernardino, the 13 soldiers murdered at Fort Hood, and the four Marines killed in Chattanooga. Lynch would not say how many Muslims have been killed in the United States because of backlash.Lynch pontificated,  When we talk about the First Amendment we [must] make it clear that actions predicated on violent talk are not American. They are not who we are, they are not what we do, and they will be prosecuted   My message not just to the Muslim community but to all Americans is  We cannot give in to the fear that these backlashes are really based on. The Obama Administration has been loath to ascribe any religious motive to Muslim terrorists, with the Defense Department referring to the Fort Hood slaughter as  workplace violence,  Obama himself saying the murderers at the kosher Paris supermarket  randomly shoot a bunch of folks in a deli in Paris,  and Obama assiduously avoiding any reference to Islam or Muslims in his statement after the massive Paris terror assault.Via: Breitbart News",0
14848,WHITE STUDENT UNION At CA University Mocks #BLM Terror Group…Publishes List of Their Demands,"Because everyone deserves a  safe space right? The White Student Union (WSU) at the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB), a new student club dedicated to creating a  safe, supportive and inclusive student community of European descent,  has recently released a  list of demands  that it expects the university to fulfill by the second week of the Winter quarter.The list protests anti-white  racism  and  marginalization  of students of European descent. Some of its demands include the creation of  white-student only rooms,  the hiring of  two permanent full-time admissions staff members of non self-hating Europe@n descent,  and the building of a white student center to be established and named  Napoleon Bonaparte Resource Center  among other demands. Here s the full list of demands for UCSB-WSU:FOR IMMEDIATE PRESS RELEASE:We, students of Europe@n descent at UCSB, refuse to accept the negative social climate created towards our peers of Europe@n descent and other marginalized groups. We have begun this movement, UCSB White Student Union, in an effort to change the status quo for a more just and inclusive environment within our campus. We demand that UCSB become a leader in the fight to promote a better social climate towards individuals who have been systematically oppressed. Student leaders acknowledge and support the demands previously stated and currently being presented. Furthermore, we demand that UCSB acknowledge its ethical and moral responsibilities as an institution and community of our world. UCSB should not be complicit in oppressive organizations and systems, no less.We as a compassionate student body have gathered to address the legacy of oppression against persons of Europe@n descent (PED) on campus. If these goals are not initiated within the next quarter, and completed by the second week of Winter Quarter, we will organize and respond by respectfully complaining.WE DEMAND the designation of four white-student only rooms at UCSB in the Anacapa Dorms that will be used by Cultural Affinity groups to provide a safe space for those who wish to learn about and celebrate Europe@n heritages and traditions, to be called the Hernan Cortes housing commons. UCSB White Student Union (WSU) members will be involved in a working group with the staff of the Residency department to begin discussions on the viability of the formation of Affinity Housing for those interested in European culture.WE DEMAND the creation of a White Student Development Resource Center, to be named the Napoleon Bonaparte Resource Center, with a designated office space as well as safe space for hosting events, at a central campus location. This center is to be under the purview of the White Student Development Office, which is to be formed immediately. A shocking 67% of students of Europe@n descent report being othered and marginalized because of their white identity and Europe@n heritage. Some reasons for this are lack of adequate academic, financial and organizational support, and feelings of isolation from other students proud of their Europe@n heritage throughout the university. The resource center will serve as a space on campus for white students to gather, host programming, and to offer support to white student organizations, all contributing to community building, increased stability, and a greater feeling of belonging at the university.WE DEMAND the hiring of two permanent full-time admissions staff members of non self-hating Europe@n descent and a series of enhanced recruitment strategies, with a budget of $300,371, to recruit students of Europe@n descent to UCSB. We maintain that this funding comes from the Chancellor s office and not from the division of Student Affairs. These funds will be managed through the office of Admissions & Enrollment This funding will be used to bolster efforts in the Office of Undergraduate Admissions and bridges Multicultural Resource Center. The recruitment of additional students of Europe@n descent is imperative to create a student body that is representative of the California population. A critical mass of students of Europe@n descent will surely help to alleviate the incredibly hostile campus climate white students have had to endure for decades as consistently evidenced by campus climate surveys. While there are already staff of Europe@n descent, many of them are self-hating PED who do not effectively promote the interests of students of Europe@n descent.WE DEMAND that UCSB provide an additional stipend to campus police officers to patrol campus grounds and the Isla Vista community in an effort to more effectively discover and subsequently root out and punish any and all forms of speech that are deemed offensive to students of Europe@n descent, including but not limited to:  Cracker,   Stupid white people ;  OMG, you are so white ;  Where are you from? ;  No, I mean like what part of Europe? ;  Wow, I bet you get sunburned really easily! ;  you wouldn t understand because you re white ;  don t eat this; it s too spicy for you ;  honky (and any variants thereof) ;  Surrendering like a Frenchman! ; and so forth. Currently, campus police officers are simply not equipped to provide UCSB white students a safe space. Saying any of the things listed above should merit immediate expulsion and arrest in order to effectively maintain a s@fe space.WE DEMAND that UCSB and campus police immediately prohibit on pain of expulsion and imprisonment any future parties and other festivities at UCSB or in Isla Vista that have the following (non-exhaustive list of) themes that may further marginalize and trigger white identities and white-identified students: Charlie Sheen Theme; a France Theme; a Britain Theme; a St. Patrick s Day Theme; an Irish Theme; a Scotland Theme; a Spain Theme; an Andorra Theme; a Switzerland Theme; a Swiss Theme; a Belgium Theme; a German Theme; an Austria Theme; an Italy Theme; a  King and Queen  Theme; a Catholics vs. Protestants Theme; a George Washington Theme; a Colonial Theme; a Pirate Theme; a Denmark Theme; a Finland Theme; an Iceland Theme; a Portugal Theme; an Oktoberfest Theme; a Ukraine Theme; a Belarus Theme; a Hungary Theme; a Slovakia Theme; a Czech Republic Theme; a Norway Theme; a Croatia Theme; a Bulgaria Theme; a Russia Theme; a Serbia Theme; a Greece Theme; a Netherlands Theme; a Luxembourg Theme; an Albania Theme (especially as relates to the movie  Taken ); and so forth.WE DEMAND the creation and implementation of a mandatory White Cultural Competency Training and a Diversity Requirement, which all students and all faculty must go through to enter UCSB to foster a more diverse and inclusive environment. The requirement and training will teach participants how to appreciate and uphold Europe@n cultures on campus and will also outline what phrases and words (earlier mentioned) to avoid saying to prevent triggering white-identified students and to avoid the further marginalization of white identities at UCSB.Lastly, WE DEMAND that all UCSB administrators and faculty issue a statement of apology to faculty, staff and administrators of Europe@n descent as well as their allies, neither of whom were provided a safe space for them to thrive while at UCSB.Several items on the list look similar to those created by black separatist groups such as the Black Student Union (BSU) and the Afrikan Student Association (ASA). Here is a list of demands made by black students earlier this year, in which the Afrikan Black Coalition (ABC) at the University of California (UC), Berkeley demanded that a campus building called Barrows Hall be changed to Assata Shakur Hall after FBI-listed terrorist and Black Panther activist Assata Shakur.Many Americans are wondering if the White Student Union s activism, which includes a  White Student Walk Out  scheduled for this upcoming January, will play out similarly to student uprisings led by black separatist groups, with some even predicting that a white student uprising in response to the recent events at Mizzou would take place:A student member of the UCSB-WSU told The Daily Wire that the group is necessary in order to protect  white-identified  UCSB students from anti-white oppression and  marginalization. After realizing the rampant amount of marginalization, oppression, and othering of white-identified students, we knew we had to act to protect persons of Europe@n descent (PED) at UCSB. We hope that these demands are heard and carried out by UCSB. The safety of students of Europe@n descent depends on this. We feel that our voices need to be heard. Instead, they have been silenced and we have been subjected to hateful vitriol merely for wanting a s@fe space.  Via: Daily Wire",0
14849,BREAKING: FEMALE #SanBernardino Shooter Pledged Allegiance to ISIS Before Massacre [VIDEO],"How long do you think our  President  has known about this? Anyone else sick of this Muslim Sympathizer In Chief? The mysterious Pakistani woman who with her husband gunned down 14 Wednesday at a Southern California holiday party pledged her allegiance to ISIS before the massacre, according to a government source, in what appears to be concrete evidence that the rampage was at least inspired, if not directed, by the terrorist group.Tashfeen Malik posted the pledge to ISIS leader and self-proclaimed  caliph  Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi before the attack, in which she and her husband, Syed Rizwan Farook, stormed a San Bernardino party for his co-workers before escaping, Fox News confirmed through a law enforcement source who said the post was recovered despite the pair s attempts to erase their digital trail. The couple died hours later in a shootout with police, and in the aftermath the 29-year-old Pakistani woman has remained largely a name without a face. No confirmed pictures of her have surfaced, and few details have emerged.The pledge, posted on Facebook under another name and then deleted, was reported by The Associated Press, citing federal sources. It provided a fresh clue to Malik s identity and motivation. The aura of mystery surrounding Malik has given rise to suspicions she may have been the radicalizing force who turned her new husband from an aloof county restaurant inspector into her cohort in carnage, an Islamist fanatic capable of murdering co-workers who had embraced him for years. Tashfeen remains the biggest mystery,  said a leader of the area s Pakistani-American Muslim community.  She s the one no one knows anything about and has little to no presence on the Internet or having interacted with others in the Muslim community. Tashfeen remains the biggest mystery. She s the one no one knows anything about and has little to no presence on the Internet or having interacted with others in the Muslim community.  Southern California Pakistani-American leaderThe aura of mystery surrounding Malik has given rise to suspicions she may have been the radicalizing force who turned her new husband, Syed Rizwan Farook, from an aloof county restaurant inspector into her cohort in carnage, an Islamist fanatic capable of murdering co-workers who had embraced him for years. Usually it s ISIS supporters trying to radicalize young girls online as they try to find new wives, but this may be the first case I know of where the opposite happened,  said Ryan Mauro, a national security analyst for Clarion Project, which tracks international terrorism.Mauro noted that Farook s older brother, who shares his name, served in the U.S. Navy, which would seem to indicate that Farook s radical leanings did not come from within his own family. It is possible that she radicalized him or that suspected terrorists inside America he was communicating with are responsible for the radicalization, which led him to be attracted to a more hardline Salafi girl,  Mauro said.What is known is that Malik met Farook online and that the two became engaged after Farook traveled to Saudi Arabia in September 2013. Malik applied for a K-1 visa at the American embassy in Islamabad in May, 2014 and two months later Farook again traveled to Saudi Arabia, met her there and brought her to the U.S. on a K-1 visa, a 90-day visa given to fianc s planning to marry Americans.They were married on Aug. 16, 2014, in nearby Riverside County, Calif. according to their marriage license. The marriage and passage of criminal and national security background checks using FBI and Department of Homeland Security databases resulted in a conditional green card for Malik in July 2015, two months after she gave birth to their baby daughter.Malik and Farook, an American citizen born in Chicago and raised in Southern California by parents of Pakistani descent, lived with their daughter and his mother, Rafia Farook, in a Redlands, Calif., apartment described by one investigator as an  IED factory  and ammo arsenal. Via: FOX News",0
14850,HOLY FREEDOM OF SPEECH! Obama’s Attorney General Promises To Punish Americans For Anti-Muslim Speech…UPDATE: Why Lynch May Be “Most Likely Candidate” To Quickly Push Through Supreme Court Justice Nomination Process,"UPDATE: A leading Supreme Court analyst thinks Attorney General Loretta Lynch is the  most likely candidate  to replace the late conservative Justice Antonin Scalia.Tom Goldstein, who runs the influential SCOTUSblog, had earlier predicted Ninth Circuit Judge Paul Watford would make the top of President Obama s shortlist. But in a revised blog post, Goldstein said he now believes Lynch is the leading contender.Lynch is a  very serious possibility,  Goldstein wrote.  The fact that Lynch was vetted so recently for attorney general also makes it practical for the president to nominate her in relatively short order.  Via: NBC NewsSocial media users beware! You ve been warned by Obama s henchwoman, Attorney General Loretta Lynch The day after a horrific shooting spree by a  radicalized  Muslim man and his partner in San Bernardino, California, Attorney General Loretta Lynch pledged to a group of Muslim activists that she would take aggressive action against anyone who used  anti-Muslim rhetoric  that  edges toward violence. Speaking to the audience at the Muslim Advocate s 10th anniversary dinner Thursday, Lynch said her  greatest fear  is the  incredibly disturbing rise of anti-Muslim rhetoric  in America and vowed to prosecute any guilty of what she deemed violence-inspiring speech. She said:The fear that you have just mentioned is in fact my greatest fear as a prosecutor, as someone who is sworn to the protection of all of the American people, which is that the rhetoric will be accompanied by acts of violence. My message to not just the Muslim community but to the entire American community is: we cannot give in to the fear that these backlashes are really based on.Assuring the pro-Muslim group that  we stand with you,  Lynch said she would use her Justice Department to protect Muslims from  violence  and discrimination.Claiming that violence against Muslims is on the rise and citing France s clamp down on potentially radicalized mosques, Lynch suggested the Constitution does not protect  actions predicated on violent talk  and pledged to prosecute those responsible for such actions. When we talk about the First Amendment we [must] make it clear that actions predicated on violent talk are not American,  said Lynch.  They are not who we are, they are not what we do, and they will be prosecuted. My message not just to the Muslim community but to all Americans is  We cannot give in to the fear that these backlashes are really based on,'  said Lynch.It is painfully clear that, like her predecessor Eric Holder, Lynch is far more concerned with promoting the social justice agenda than protecting the Constitutional rights of American citizens. What exactly is speech that  edges toward violence ? What exactly are  actions predicated on violent talk ? In the end, it is whatever she decides it to mean. Via: Daily Wire",0
14851,OBAMA DOUBLES DOWN On The Threat Of Climate Change vs. Terrorism [Video],The political ideology is shocking! A Very stubborn Obama just keeps spewing the same talking points and refuses to back down on his outrageous claims on climate change: *Quick Note: Notice how the ladies totally editorialize at the end of the video like good little Alinskyites. ,0
14852,GOP MAJORITY SENATE FINALLY GETS IT RIGHT: Votes To Gut Obamacare And Defund Planned Parenthood,"The Democrats tried to attach a gun control amendment to the bill, but Republicans blocked those amendments. Of course, Obama says he ll veto the bill. What the majority of Americans want is of no consequence to the King The U.S. Senate approved a bill Thursday that would strip Obamacare of key tax-raising features and would also eliminate taxpayer-funding of abortion businesses, including Planned Parenthood. For years, the American people have been calling on Washington to build a bridge away from Obamacare,  said Senate Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY). For years, Democrats prevented the Senate from passing legislation to do so. The 52 to 47 vote also would strip taxpayer funding from Planned Parenthood for one year. This measures has been pushed by a renewed call to defund the abortion business since the release of videos exposing the organization s apparent practices of harvesting body parts of unborn babies and altering the position of babies during abortions in order to harvest their intact organs.Sens. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), and Sen. Mike Lee (R-UT)challenged a repeal bill passed by the House for not going far enough. A conservative aide tells Breitbart News that Senate leadership is finally following their lead in keeping their promises to the American people who elected them.The measure, which passed 52-47 under the reconciliation budgetary process, will head to the House for a vote. The House passed a similar Obamacare repeal bill. The Senate and the House must soon approve identical bills before they can get to the president s desk.President Barack Obama, however, has already said he will veto the Senate bill.In the Senate, Democrats and several liberal Republicans tried but failed to gut the language that defunds Planned Parenthood from the bill.Family Research Council president Tony Perkins commended the U.S. Senate for approving the bill.  This is a huge victory for unborn children, their mothers, and for taxpayers,  Perkins said.  For the first time during the Obama presidency, both the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives have approved legislation that begins to end the forced partnership between taxpayers and Planned Parenthood. President Obama will now bear the moral responsibility for sending our tax dollars to a group that has engaged in the selling of baby body parts,  he continued.  Even if the President vetoes the bill, we ve still succeeded, because a Senate precedent has now been set for moving a similar measure forward when America finally has a President who understands the value of every person, born and unborn. Father Frank Pavone, national director of Priests for Life, also praised the Senate s approval of the legislation that would transfer taxpayer Medicaid money from Planned Parenthood to health care clinics that do not perform abortions.  It s an understatement to say that Planned Parenthood has shown itself unworthy of taxpayer support,  said Pavone.  The 325,000 lives it destroys every year are 325,000 reasons to redirect taxpayer funds to groups that provide health care without taking innocent lives. When there are legitimate health care providers that actually help women and their babies, it s a travesty to give one dime to Planned Parenthood,  he added.  The Senate is to be commended for standing up for women, their children, and taxpayers who object to subsidizing a billion-dollar abortion business. The bill would also end the individual mandate of Obamacare that requires most people to purchase health insurance, and strip the authority of the federal government to run health care exchanges. Via: Breitbart News ",0
14853,UNIVERSITY WARNS: Make Sure Your Holiday Party Is Not A “Christmas Party” In Disguise,"They wouldn t want to remind anyone the actual reason for the  holiday  season or God forbid, give some crazy Muslim terrorist an excuse to come in and shoot the place up The University of Tennessee, Knoxville Office of Diversity and Inclusion has come up with a list of  best practices  in order to ensure your  inclusive  workplace holiday party is  not a Christmas party in disguise  and that it refrains from being perceived as  endorsing religion generally. The  Best Practices for Inclusive Holiday Celebrations in the Workplace  holiday resource guide states that the public university  does not have an official policy regarding religious and cultural d cor and celebration in the workplace,  however,  we are fully committed to a diverse, welcoming, and inclusive environment. In order to  ensure your holiday party is not a Christmas party in disguise,  the Office of Diversity and Inclusion has come up with a list of ways for supervisors to encourage individuals to celebrate their own religions and cultures without allegedly excluding anyone or even being seen as  endorsing religion :Holiday parties and celebrations should celebrate and build upon workplace relationships and team morale with no emphasis on religion or culture. Ensure your holiday party is not a Christmas party in disguise.Consider having a New Year s party and include d cor and food from multiple religions and cultures. Use it as an opportunity to reinvigorate individuals for the New Year s goals and priorities. Supervisors and managers should not as well as, not be perceived as endorsing religion generally or a specific religion.If an individual chooses not to participate in a holiday party or celebration, do not pressure the person to participate. Participation should be voluntary.If a potluck-style party or celebration is planned, encourage employees to bring food items that reflect their personal religions, cultures, and celebrations. Use this as an opportunity for individuals to share what they brought and why it is meaningful to them.If sending holiday cards to campus and community partners, send a non-denominational card or token of your gratitude.Holiday parties and celebrations should not play games with religious and cultural themes. For example,  Dreidel  or  Secret Santa.  If you want to exchange gifts, then refer to it in a general way, such as a practical joke gift exchange or secret gift exchange.D cor selection should be general, not specific to any religion or culture. Identify specific dates when d cor can be put up and when it must come down.Refreshment selection should be general, not specific to any religion or culture.Most importantly, celebrate your religious and cultural holidays in ways that are respectful and inclusive of our students, your colleagues, and our university. Via: MRCTV",0
14854,LIST OF 22 TIMES OBAMA Called Phony Climate Change More Serious Than Terrorism,"Oh the irony of a terror attack by Muslims taking place on American soil on the heels of Obama s return from phony Climate Change Summit in Paris ISIS has taken responsibility for the horrifying attacks in Paris that have left more than 150 dead and hundreds wounded. French President Francois Hollande is calling for the closure of his country s borders. President Barack Obama didn t condemn Islamic radicals for the attacks, but he did call them  an outrageous attempt to terrorize innocent civilians  and  an attack on all of humanity and the universal values we share. Friday s deadly attacks thwarted Al Gore s long-planned Paris webcast and star-studded concert to promote climate change awareness. Out of solidarity with the French people and the City of Paris, we have decided to suspend our broadcast of 24 Hours of Reality and Live Earth,  the group said in an online statement.Coincidentally, in July 2008, Al Gore called climate change a more dangerous threat than terrorism.  I think that the climate crisis is, by far, the most serious threat we have ever faced,  Gore told ABC News.Below are 22 times Obama or his administration officials claimed climate change a greater threat than radical Islamic terrorism.In a January 15, 2008 presidential campaign speech on Iraq and Afghanistan, Barack Obama said the  immediate danger  of oil-backed terrorism  is eclipsed only by the long-term threat from climate change, which will lead to devastating weather patterns, terrible storms, drought, and famine. That means people competing for food and water in the next fifty years in the very places that have known horrific violence in the last fifty: Africa, the Middle East, and South Asia. Most disastrously, that could mean destructive storms on our shores, and the disappearance of our coastline. On January 26, 2009, Obama delivered remarks at the White House on the  dangers  of climate change:These urgent dangers to our national and economic security are compounded by the long-term threat of climate change, which, if left unchecked, could result in violent conflict, terrible storms, shrinking coastlines, and irreversible catastrophe.In May 2010, the Obama White House released it s national security strategy, which said,  At home and abroad, we are taking concerted action to confront the dangers posed by climate change and to strengthen our energy security.  The document declared climate change  an urgent and growing threat to our national security. On September 6, 2012, during his Democratic National Convention speech, Obama said,  Yes, my plan will continue to reduce the carbon pollution that is heating our planet, because climate change is not a hoax. More droughts and floods and wildfires are not a joke. They are a threat to our children s future.On January 23, 2013, in an address before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Secretary of State John Kerry declared climate change among the top threats facing the United States.February 16, 2014, Secretary of State John Kerry addressed students in Indonesia and said that global warming is now  perhaps the world s most fearsome weapon of mass destruction. In a June 2014 interview, Obama said:When you start seeing how these shifts can displace people entire countries can be finding themselves unable to feed themselves and the potential incidence of conflict that arises out of that that gets your attention. There s a reason why the quadrennial defense review which the secretary of defense and the Joints Chiefs of Staff work on identified climate change as one of our most significant national security problems. It s not just the actual disasters that might arise, it is the accumulating stresses that are placed on a lot of different countries and the possibility of war, conflict, refugees, displacement that arise from a changing climate.During a September 2014 meeting with foreign ministers, Secretary of State John Kerry called Climate change a threat as urgent as ISIS.On September 24 2014, the Obama USDA launched its Global Alliance for Climate Smart Agriculture. In a memo posted by Secretary of State John Kerry, among other Obama administration officials, read, From India to the United States, climate change poses drastic risks to every facet of our lives. On October 29, 2014, in an address to the Washington Ideas Forum, Obama s Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said:From my perspective, within the portfolio that I have responsibility for security of this country climate change presents security issues for us. There s a security dynamic to that. As the oceans increase, it will affect our bases. It will affect islands. It will affect security across the world. Just from my narrow perspective, what I have responsibility for, that s happening now.During his 2015 State of the Union address, Obama said,  No challenge  poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change. In a February 2015 address to college students in Iowa, Vice President Joe Biden said  Global warming is the greatest threat to your generation of anything at all, across the board. On February 09, 2015, in an interview with Vox, Obama said he  absolutely  believes that the media  sometimes overstates the level of alarm people should have about terrorism  as opposed to  climate change. On February 10, 2015, when asked to confirm if this means Obama believes  the threat of climate change is greater than the threat of terrorism,  Earnest responded,  The point the president is making is that there are many more people on an annual basis who have to confront the impact, the direct impact on their lives, of climate change, or on the spread of a disease, than on terrorism. During his April 18, 2015 weekly address on climate change, Obama said,  Wednesday is Earth Day, a day to appreciate and protect this precious planet we call home. And today, there s no greater threat to our planet than climate change. In May 2015, the White House released a 1,300-page National Climate Assessment that declared climate change among the world s foremost threats.May 20, 2015 President Obama said in his keynote address to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy graduates:  Climate change, and especially rising seas, is a threat to our homeland security, our economic infrastructure, the safety and health of the American people. On July 13 2015, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency administrator Gina McCarthy and Obama s U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican Kenneth F. Hackett wrote in a joint blog post on the EPA website, praising Pope Francis for dedicating his second encyclical to urging swift action on global warming.McCarthy and Hackett wrote:As public servants working in both domestic policy and diplomacy, we understand the urgent need for global action. Climate impacts like extreme droughts, floods, fires, heat waves, and storms threaten people in every country and those who have the least suffer the most. No matter your beliefs or political views, we are all compelled to act on climate change to protect our health, our planet, and our fellow human beings.An Obama Defense Department report released on July 29, 2015 says climate change puts U.S. security at risk and threatens the global order:The report reinforces the fact that global climate change will have wide-ranging implications for U.S. national security interests over the foreseeable future because it will aggravate existing problems such as poverty, social tensions, environmental degradation, ineffectual leadership, and weak political institutions that threaten domestic stability in a number of countries.The report finds that climate change is a security risk because it degrades living conditions, human security, and the ability of governments to meet the basic needs of their populations. Communities and states that are already fragile and have limited resources are significantly more vulnerable to disruption and far less likely to respond effectively and be resilient to new challenges.In his August 28, 2015 weekly address, Obama said  This is all real. This is happening to our fellow Americans right now,  he said.  Think about that. If another country threatened to wipe out an American town, we d do everything in our power to protect ourselves. Climate change poses the same threat, right now. In a September address at the United Nations Climate Summit Obama said,  For all the immediate challenges that we gather to address this week terrorism, instability, inequality, disease   there s one issue that will define the contours of this century more dramatically than any other, and that is the urgent and growing threat of a changing climate. During a September 28 address at the United Nations, President Obama said that  We can roll back the pollution that we put in our skies,  adding that  No country can escape the ravages of climate change.  Via: Breitbart News",0
14855,WATCH: Black Pastors Come On Stage And Endorse Trump At Rally [Video],A Virginia rally for Donald Trump turned into a big day for endorsements by black pastors. ,0
14856,GOP HOUSE LEADERSHIP Place Political Careers Before National Security: Why They Are Reportedly Caving (Again) To Democrats,"Is this why we worked so hard to get a GOP majority in the House and Senate? Spineless weasels Republican House members blasted their GOP leadership Wednesday for caving to Democratic leaders  demand that they abandon the House s bipartisan bill to tighten screening of refugee applicants from Syria and Iraq. The bill to bolster the Syrian and Iraqi [refugee] vetting process passed with a veto-proof majority and is supported by a vast majority of Americans,  said Rep. Richard Hudson (R-NC)57% , who is one of the two co-authors of the original House bill that GOP leaders are now abandoning. It would be a shame to bow to the wishes of Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV) and the White House, leaving our country vulnerable to foreign terrorism,  he told Breitbart News exclusively.After the Paris attacks that killed over 120 people, the House passed a bill   with a huge bipartisan majority   that would implement tough screening requirements for refugees. The bill was criticized by Democrats and President Obama, who vowed to veto the legislation and suggested that Republicans work with them to tighten oversight of visas given to legal visitors.Now, House Republican leaders are reportedly planning to abandon their original idea to tighten screening of refugees and are instead caving to Democrats who want to only fix security gaps in the legal-visitor visa program.Republican House leadership is backing away from the refugee problem because they fear their fix will be rejected by Democrats and lead to a partial government shut-down.Rep. Mo Brooks (R-AL) also told Breitbart News exclusively that he isn t  surprised  that Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) is following in the steps of former House Speaker Rep. John Boehner (R-OH)32% by bowing to Democrats, rather than putting up a fight.He called the original vote  a show vote  that was arranged by the leaders, and told Breitbart News that the entire refugee program needs to be stripped of its funding.Rep. Brian Babin (R-TX) told Breitbart News exclusively that GOP House leadership should fix both problems.  This should not be an either or question,  Babin said.  Both should be addressed in a timely manner. We should concern ourselves first and foremost with the safety and security of the American people. Babin recently released a letter, signed by more than 70 of his colleagues, calling on House leadership to include language in the must-pass omnibus spending bill that would defund the refugee resettlement program. More than 70 of my colleagues joined me in calling for an immediate suspension in the refugee program to give us time to put in place security measures that the Administration has failed to implement  Babin told Breitbart News. We must restore Congressional authority and ensure that Congress has a final sign-off on any Administration proposed Security measures. Congress has until December 11th to pass the omnibus bill.Via: Breitbart News",0
14857,Obama’s Gas-Guzzling Motorcade To Paris Climate Talks Had A Huge Price Tag For The American Taxpayer,"Are you sitting down? The phony baloney Climate Change Summit put on by our Dictator In Chief costs the American taxpayers close to $2 MILLION DOLLARS. Someone needs to shut this grifter down!Car service, hotels, and accommodations for the president and other administration officials to attend climate change talks in Paris are costing taxpayers nearly $2 million, according to government contracts.The COP21 meeting of global leaders, which President Obama said is a  powerful rebuke  to terrorists, began on Monday. Representatives from 195 countries traveled to Paris, burning 300,000 tons of carbon dioxide for the United Nations conference that is seeking to reduce global emissions.The tab for Obama s motorcade alone totals $784,825. The State Department issued a $407,868 contract to Biribin Limousines, an international chauffeur service, for vehicles for the president s security detail. No Sustainability Included,  the document states under a section for contract clauses.Numerous other contracts for passenger vehicle rentals, including $9,042 for accompanying press, totaled $376,957.Taxpayers were also billed $100,216 to book hotel accommodations for the president s stay. Hotel rooms and cell phones for the U.S. Secret Service traveling with the president cost $16,642 and $4,034, respectively.A number of cabinet secretaries are also in Paris for the United Nations conference, including IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, whose car service tab is $5,400.Secretary of State John Kerry s car service totaled $76,435, with three separate contracts worth $38,684, $15,789, and $21,962.Car service for Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz is costing $19,080, and two contracts worth $10,153 and $10,737 were issued for Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack s chauffeur service.Interior Secretary Sally Jewell is also attending the conference, with hotel accommodations at the Tuileries Finances in Paris costing $36,091, and her car service totaling $13,903.In all, costs associated with the climate change summit totaled $1,805,282.Read more: WFB",0
14858,NEW YORK OFFICIALS Confirm Donald Trump’s Claim Of Celebrations After 9/11 [Video],"The media really wants to bury Trump on this but two important officials have come forward in Trump s defense. No matter what candidate you support, you have to agree that the press and Republican establishment are complicit in their desire to take Trump down. He s such a fighter and I do appreciate that since we have such a wimp in the White House right now. ",0
14859,Unreal! Clueless Media Misses This VIP Anarchist At Chicago Protests [Video],"No wonder Obama wasn t vetted! Here s a FOX news reporter who s standing right in front of Obama s buddy and anarchist Bill Ayers! Can you believe this?President Obama s old revolutionary pal, Bill Ayers, was front and center in the middle of a protest staged outside the Chicago Board of Trade/CME Group blocking entrances to the building and demanding a transaction tax on trades made through the exchange.Ayers can be seen in this Fox Business live coverage emerging from the center of the of the crowd blocking the entrance. He remains center frame for almost a minute. He proceeds to stand right in front of Fox News s Jeff Flock, as Flock gives oxygen to the protesters chanting.Flock either does not recognize Ayers standing right in front of his face, or is not interested.Take a look: Anyone who has ever covered a Chicago protest knows that the arrestables are pre-arranged and determined and coordinated with the Chicago Police prior to the protest. The police cuff them with wire tires, put them in the paddy wagon, and following the protest drive them around the corner and let them with a ticket or no charges at all.Professional Chicago agitators with major support from Moveon.org have been crying for a transaction tax against CME traders for years, so why is this news now?Read more: Rebel Pundit",0
14860,OBAMA USES WORLD STAGE To Announce Plans For Executive Action On Gun Control In U.S.,"How very progressive And how very ironic that our tyrannical President would take the opportunity to address how he plans to implement gun control in the U.S. while standing in Paris, where only two weeks ago 130 unarmed people were slaughtered by armed terrorists.Gun control, man-made climate change, open borders, one-world order just a few of the topics our anti-American President feels right at home discussing with a few comrades Speaking from Paris, France, on December 1, President Obama criticized the lack of gun control in the U.S. and pledged to remain focused on using executive action to enact new controls where possible.Obama is in Paris for a conference on climate change.During a press conference, Obama was asked about the November 27 Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack that killed two civilians and a police officer. He responded by claiming  mass shootings  are a something specifically American a problem not witnessed in other countries then criticized Congressional inaction toward passing more gun control.According to Bloomberg, Obama said:In the United States we have the power to do more to prevent what is just a regular process of gun homicides, that is unequaled by multiples of five, six, [or] ten, and I think the American people understand that. So my hope is that, once again, this spurs a conversation and action.He said that  Congress, states, and local governments  need to act, and he made it clear he  will continue to focus on what [he] can do administratively,  which is something he has been threatening to do since a gunman opened fire in the gun free zone at Umpqua Community College on October 1.On November 12 CBS News reported that Obama has given a team of  White House lawyers  the job of finding a way that executive action can be used to expand background checks. And Breitbart News reported that part of what is being sought is an arbitrary threshold that can be set on private gun sales. Citizens who sell more than the allowable level will be forced to do background checks on every sale.Obama and the Democrat Party have been obsessed with expanding background checks since Adam Lanza attacked Sandy Hook Elementary on December 14, 2012. Yet it is interesting to note that expanded background checks would not have hindered that attack in the slightest, because Lanza stole the guns he used he did not buy them.Moreover, background checks are already expanded in Colorado. Breitbart News previously reported that expanded background checks and a  high capacity  magazine ban are the law of the land in Colorado, but neither were effectual in stopping the Planned Parenthood attack or the high profile public shooting that took place in CO Springs on Halloween day. Via: Breitbart News",0
14861,“WHITE STUDENT UNION” Groups Spring Up World-Wide With A Message Obama And Friends Would Rather You Didn’t Hear," Individual people can be bullied into submission but as a group we can t be silenced If we are to really live in an environment where race is not a factor, we need to stop allowing the union of Obama-Holder-Sharpton-Soros-#BlackLivesMatter terrorists-Black Panther-Louis Farahkan-Black Liberation Theology-CAIR-liberal academia-Socialist Party-Democrat Party-Anarchists-Communist Party to stop making it an issue. White students are not a minority, but they are currently being treated worse than most minorities, if they break rank with the left-wing multicultural orthodoxy that is hellbent of persecuting expression of whiteness. White student unions are springing up at universities across Australia, as well as at universities and colleges across America.More than 30  White Student Union  pages have recently sprung up over the last several days on Facebook, pages that affiliate themselves with various universities around the nation.The creation of an  Illini White Student Union  Facebook page that surfaced Nov. 18 in response to a  Black Student Solidarity Rally  at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign gained national attention, but apparently it s just the tip of the iceberg.Over the last week, at least 33 other  White Student Union  pages have appeared on Facebook, according to research conducted Sunday by The College Fix.Notably,  White Student Union  Facebook pages have been created for Stanford, Penn State, UCLA, UC Berkeley, the University of Missouri, and NYU, along with many others.These  White Student Union  pages currently exist only as social media creations, and it is not clear whether they are created by students at their respective universities. It is also unclear if these groups plan to become actual student organizations on campus, although a North Carolina university page states they plan on holding  group meetings, info sessions, rallies, and protests on the UNC campus. White Student Unions say they are supporting and defending the interests of white students who they say are becoming marginalised from on-campus life and political debate.This video truly exposes the hypocrisy of the Left. From the Illinois  White Student Union  Facebook Page:At least seven unofficial unions have formed at rapid speed in the past week, claiming to represent students of European descent at the University of Queensland, the University of Southern Queensland, the University of Technology, Sydney, Macquarie University, Western Sydney University, the University of NSW and the University of Western Australia.However, there are allegations that the movement is in fact an elaborate attempt to troll universities and the media, by the likes users of online bulletin boards 4chan and 8chan.If it is a hoax, it is a pretty sophisticated one, with members reaching out to news.com.au to share their views on the need to  advance our interests as white students .The proliferation of white student unions follows a similar trend in the US, where groups have built considerable support on social media and many intend to establish an on-campus presence in the new year. However, this has also been dismissed as a hoax.Australian universities have distanced themselves from these unofficial groups, which are copping backlash on social media by fellow students and others who accuse them of white supremacy and racism. Responses to the groups on social media have ranged from  be proud of your heritage!  to  f*** off Nazis .Others have responded with utter incredulity:  This page is satire, right?  one person asked.But the students behind the unions deny white pride is akin to racism, and argue they have as legitimate a place in university life as any other student group. ALL WE WANT IS EQUALITY The White Students Union at the Western Sydney University, which formed over the weekend and is already  into the double digits  of members, is  not out to antagonise anyone , according its spokesman.The spokesman, who approached news.com.au to write a story, said he was a 24-year-old journalism student and gave us his name, but we have chosen not to publish it because we could not verify it.He said the group, which will seek formal registration with the university in 2016 and already has a six-person committee, was designed to  advance our interests as white students and promote a safe space where we can come together as a community and organise . We re a genuine group, we re not doing it to troll anyone,  he told news.com.au. If you roll up to any university these days you ll have gay safe spaces, Muslim safe spaces: in the last four or five years it s become very politically correct. That s great. I m as PC as they come. We re staying within the narrative. All we want is equality. He said he was  absolutely  expecting a backlash, but wanted to  test the boundaries of what they re willing to acknowledge . We just thought, why not? Everyone else is doing it, why can t we do it? Anecdotally we have a lot of support from the ethnic students,  he said. Our main antagonists are actually the older, white academics. These people say they re all about equality. The academics try to build this narrative that nobody supports this stuff, but it s happening. We re just using that language ourselves. Despite the hoax claims, universities are taking the rise of these unions seriously.In a statement, a spokesman for Western Sydney University said the group was not an official or authorised student group, adding:  The university prides itself on the diversity of its university community and condemns any action that seeks to undermine this. Has there been a SINGLE college or university who has made this sort of claim about a Black Lives Matter organization or protest? Why the double standard? The University of Technology, Sydney, and Macquarie University both said white student unions formed by their students were not official and did not reflect the views of the universities or the majority of their students.In the  About  section of the Facebook page for the UTS White Student Union, it says the group was  advancing the rights for the people of European descent  and  anyone from any background can join .A spokeswoman for Macquarie University said it had publicly contacted the administrators of the page yesterday, requesting that they remove the campus image and refrain from referring to themselves as  a student organisation at Macquarie University .  We understand this page is likely to be part of a wider hoax, stemming from North America, nevertheless we are continuing our investigations into the origin of this page,  the spokeswoman told news.com.au.The University of Queensland went so far as to condemn the University of Queensland White Student Union, which was formed last Tuesday, as a  racist web hoax .On its Facebook page, which has 378 likes, the University of Queensland White Student Union group rails against university overcrowding and  rich international students  outbidding white Australian students for rental housing and casual work. We re forced to put up with an overcrowded campus that hosts thousands more students than it was ever designed for. Not enough parking, not enough toilets, not enough computers, not enough study spaces,  a post dated November 24 reads. We re forced to do group work with internationals who can t speak English, we carry the load and do all the work while our marks are dragged down. We re forced to put up with the anti-social behaviour of a particular group of students who treat study spaces as social spaces and constantly attempt to  reserve  public resources such as computers. Enough is enough. The founders of the UQ group asked not to be identified but said they represented white students  who ve had their voices silenced by political correctness . Individual people can be bullied into submission but as a group we can t be silenced,  the group told news.com.au Political correctness and free speech are issues that are becoming more and more important. The group said existing student organisations were  obsessed with catering to minorities  and they planned to establish their own society on campus in 2016. We re very clear on our position that white people have every right to organise themselves and act collectively to further their mutual interests,  they said. We don t think whites are inherently  superior  and definitely don t think they should  rule over  anybody else. We think the ideas and issues we re raising have become more relevant to students as a new strain of political correctness has swept across the Western word over the past few years promoting ideas like  white privilege . There are all these nasty ideas around now that white people, particularly white men, are always  privileged  regardless of their background and personal circumstances and that if they suffer hardship they deserve it, and that white people are the cause of everything that s wrong in the world. News.com.au asked the spokesman to prove that he was a legitimate student at the university, but he said he thought it was in his best interests to  maintain anonymity  due to death threats the group had received.Third-year University of Western Australia student Michael (who did not wish to reveal his last name) said he founded the UWA White Student Association on the weekend.He said ensuring all students and staff spoke fluent English, making sure  the full breadth of white, European holidays and festivities  were celebrated on campus, getting racist attacks on white students recognised as racism, and having the recently dumped European studies major reinstated were among the issues his group intended to lobby for. Our basic aims are to represent the interests of white students on campus, as well as do our bit to reverse what we view as the rapid decline of Western civilisation, caused by mass immigration resulting in a clash of values, and the decline of family values,  Michael told news.com.au.A spokesman for UWA said the university did not endorse  behaviours and actions which are deemed to be racially and culturally intolerant or offensive . UWA has a strong track record on promoting cultural and religious diversity and the university is committed to produce graduates who are intellectually and emotionally comfortable with difference,  the spokesman said. In response to accusations of racism, Michael says he and the group were not racists and  we never will be . Supporting white students doesn t imply hatred of other races, it s not a logical accusation,  he said. We would be happy to work with other ethnic clubs to fulfil mutual goals. (Groups that represent ethnic minority groups) are nothing new, and we don t have an issue with them. What is new is the increasing difficulty white students face in expressing their views, identity, or culture on campus without being shouted down and labelled. White students are not a minority, but they are currently being treated worse than most minorities, if they break rank with the left-wing multicultural orthodoxy that is hellbent of persecuting expression of whiteness. The emergence of white student unions at universities in the US, including Berkeley and Harvard, have been suggested to be a response to a wave of recent anti-racism protests. One such union at the University of Illinois sprung up hours after a black solidarity event was held on campus. Others, however, have been revealed as hoaxes. So where we may have a scholarship program for indigenous students, or we may have programs that seek to enhance the experience of international students on campus, and that s perceived at discrimination, it s very disappointing when people take that position. Dr Gale said it was also disappointing some people who were part of mainstream Australia didn t  have an appreciation for the privileged position  of being at university.For entire story: News com.au",0
14862,LET THEM EAT CAKE: Obama Dines In Parisian Splendor At ‘Working Dinner’ [Video],"The green criminals who re working on how to distribute your money to those in far away places had a splendid meal last night in Paris. Could someone tell Obama we re broke?As working dinners go, President Obama s meal Monday night in Paris with French President Francois Hollande, Secretary of State John Kerry and others wasn t too shabby.No cartons of takeout   instead, the gang fueled up after a long day of climate talks at L Ambroisie, the three-Michelin-starred temple of gastronomie in the Marais neighborhood.Per the Michelin Guide, the ornately be-chandelier-ed dining room is known for  incomparable classicism and an immortal feast for the senses. Perhaps worried that Obama would create an international faux pas by ordering a burger or a margarita (two of his faves), a reporter asked what he planned to eat. Obama was, appropriately, diplomatic:  I will get recommendations from the president,  he answered, nodding in Hollande s direction.According to the AP, Obama cracked a joke about the opulence of the setting.  Don t break the chandelier,  he warned as a reporter s microphone got just a little too close to the crystal.  You can t afford it. ",0
14863,Crybaby “Safe Space” Students Are Put On Notice With Amazing Letter From University President: “This is not a daycare!”,"This letter is quite possibly the most important letter these students will ever receive throughout their entire college career. It should be adopted by every college and university in America as part of a contract the students are asked to read and accept.It s finally happened. A college president, faced with whining students who are offended by well everything, has written a letter to the entire student body. (Some of which I presume will offend some students) He reminds them they are in college and that perhaps the reason they feel bad is a little thing known as a conscience. Dr Everett Piper of Oklahoma Wesleyan University explained what their purpose and his is at the university.Here is his letter in its entirety:Dr. Everett Piper, PresidentOklahoma Wesleyan UniversityThis past week, I actually had a student come forward after a university chapel service and complain because he felt  victimized  by a sermon on the topic of 1 Corinthians 13. It appears that this young scholar felt offended because a homily on love made him feel bad for not showing love! In his mind, the speaker was wrong for making him, and his peers, feel uncomfortable.I m not making this up. Our culture has actually taught our kids to be this self-absorbed and narcissistic! Any time their feelings are hurt, they are the victims! Anyone who dares challenge them and, thus, makes them  feel bad  about themselves, is a  hater,  a  bigot,  an  oppressor,  and a  victimizer. I have a message for this young man and all others who care to listen. That feeling of discomfort you have after listening to a sermon is called a conscience! An altar call is supposed to make you feel bad! It is supposed to make you feel guilty! The goal of many a good sermon is to get you to confess your sins not coddle you in your selfishness. The primary objective of the Church and the Christian faith is your confession, not your self-actualization!So here s my advice:If you want the chaplain to tell you you re a victim rather than tell you that you need virtue, this may not be the university you re looking for. If you want to complain about a sermon that makes you feel less than loving for not showing love, this might be the wrong place.If you re more interested in playing the  hater  card than you are in confessing your own hate; if you want to arrogantly lecture, rather than humbly learn; if you don t want to feel guilt in your soul when you are guilty of sin; if you want to be enabled rather than confronted, there are many universities across the land (in Missouri and elsewhere) that will give you exactly what you want, but Oklahoma Wesleyan isn t one of them.At OKWU, we teach you to be selfless rather than self-centered. We are more interested in you practicing personal forgiveness than political revenge. We want you to model interpersonal reconciliation rather than foment personal conflict. We believe the content of your character is more important than the color of your skin. We don t believe that you have been victimized every time you feel guilty and we don t issue  trigger warnings  before altar calls.Oklahoma Wesleyan is not a  safe place , but rather, a place to learn: to learn that life isn t about you, but about others; that the bad feeling you have while listening to a sermon is called guilt; that the way to address it is to repent of everything that s wrong with you rather than blame others for everything that s wrong with them. This is a place where you will quickly learn that you need to grow up!This is not a day care. This is a university!We applaud Dr Piper and wish more colleges and universities had more like him. Then again, Oklahoma Wesleyan is not Yale or Dartmouth, where the presidents are careful not to offend the spoiled brats of well-to-do parents in order to keep those tuition checks and honorariums coming in. Via: ",0
14864,Hillary’s Latest Ad Pushes Muslim Agenda Of Submission To Men,"So the irony isn t lost on me when I saw the still shot of Hillary wearing the Muslim symbol of submission to men in her new ad. This woman wants to be seen as strong and knowledgeable on foreign policy but obviously doesn t understand the message she s sending out. Does Hillary Clinton not know what wearing a hijab means or is she just that stupid to throw one on for votes? It s like when she puts on the phony Southern accent when she s in South Carolina. Pandering to the Muslims and those that think it s just so great that she s so diverse tells us all we need to know about this hag. She d do anything to get elected even wear a symbol of oppression how ironic! Daniel Greenfield gives us the lowdown on the symbolism of wearing a hijab:Hillary s latest campaign video tries to build up her non-existent foreign policy experience. That means making as much as possible out of her feminist speech in China  which avoided criticizing a Communist regime that forces women to have abortions. (Or as her Planned Parenthood pals call it, health care outreach.) And showing her travel photo slideshow.It s basically like those travel videos friends force you to watch  except this is a really expensive commercial and no one can force you to watch it.But in odd contrast to touting Hillary s feminism and strength, is this shot of her wearing a Hijab; an Islamic garment of submission.Not only has the Hijab consistently been a source of Muslim violence against women, both in punishing women who don t wear it and punishing women who take it off, but its origins lie in an Islamic commandment distinguishing Muslim women, who couldn t be raped, from non-Muslim slave women captured by Mohammed s rampaging gang.It s really quite explicit.The Koranic verse that mandates covering states,  O Prophet! Tell your wives and your daughters and the women of the believers to draw their cloaks all over their bodies that they may thus be distinguished and not molested  (Koran 33:59)That s not modesty. The covering is being worn to avoid rape.The key words here are  distinguished and not molested . Whom are these women being distinguished from? Women who don t cover up and can be molested.Hillary s  cloak  is incomplete by Saudi or Taliban standards, but all these coverings are meant to be a symbolic form of Purdah, the physical confinement of a woman, even within her home.In her commercial, Hillary Clinton, by wearing the Hijab, is advertising that she is the property of a man and therefore  not to be molested . Of course since Islamic law doesn t recognize the marriages of non-Muslim peoples it is at war with, enabling Jihadis to sexually assault even married non-Muslim women, as the Islamic prophet Mohammed allowed his Muslim followers to do, it s also a meaningless gesture.Is it really a feminist gesture to voluntarily accept the Islamic distinction between women who can be assaulted and women who can t?Either way it s certainly a step back for a female politician who wants to be seen as a leader and a fighter for women.Via: Front Page Magazine",0
14865,Great Press Conference: Black Pastor Defends Trump And Tells Why Others Won’t Openly Support Him [Video],"Dr. Scott was interviewed after the meeting between black pastors and Donald Trump. He said that over 100 people were in the meeting and that those who hadn t endorsed Trump were going to pray on it. What really stuck with me is that one of the pastors said other pastors support Trump but are afraid to openly support him for fear of losing parishioners. Pretty sad, huh?(DAILY CALLER) Dr. Darrell Scott, Pastor of New Spirit Revival Center in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, said the Monday meeting between black pastors and Donald Trump was a  meaningful dialogue  and we voiced concerns that were sensitive to the African-American community. Scott, speaking at Trump Tower in New York City said,  I didn t have concerns [with Trump] because I was already convinced, but there were concerns that the liberal media has put out portraying Mr. Trump in a light that I know he s not the type of person he was depicted to be. So what we were able to do today was allow to see his heart for themselves and to make up their own minds about him. And they find out that he s not the person that the media has depicted him to be.  ",0
14866,CLINTON’S CLASSIFIED LIES: Thousands More Clinton E-mails In New Document Dump [Video],"ED HNERY describes the newest batch of 7,800 e-mails from Hillary Clinton: ",0
14867,BREAKING: Putin Goes There! Russia Makes Serious Claim With New Information About Turkey And ISIS,"This explains a report we heard this morning of Putin and Obama seen having a serious conversation at the Global Warming Summit in Paris. It s being reported that the two leaders spoke of the Syrian civil war and Ukraine. Does anyone else think this photo is pretty awkward?  This is a huge deal and is basically giving Putin a big reason to go after Turkey. Here we go!Russia has received additional intelligence confirming that oil from deposits controlled by Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) goes through Turkey on an industrial scale, President Vladimir Putin said speaking on the sidelines of the climate change summit in Paris.Moscow has grounds to suspect that the Su-24 was downed by Turkish jets on November 24 to secure illegal oil deliveries from Syria to Turkey, he said. At the moment we have received additional information confirming that that oil from the deposits controlled by Islamic State militants enters Turkish territory on industrial scale,  he said. We have every reason to believe that the decision to down our plane was guided by a desire to ensure security of this oil s delivery routes to ports where they are shipped in tankers,  Putin said.Terrorists have been abusing the visa-free regime between Russia and Turkey to move freely, the Russian leader said adding that Ankara failed to address the issue after Russia raised it. We have been asking [Ankara] for a long time to pay attention  to the threat posed by some terrorists active in separate regions of Russia, including the northern Caucuses, that have been  emerging on Turkish territory,  Putin said.Moscow has asked Ankara to  stop this practice,  he added, but pointed out that  we have traced some located on the territory of the Turkish Republic and living in regions guarded by special security services and police that have used the visa-free regime to return to our territory, where we continue to fight them,  he added.Answering a question as to whether Moscow wants to form a broad based anti-terrorist coalition, Putin said Russia has always supported this initiative,  but this cannot be done while someone continues to use several terrorist organizations to reach their immediate goals. Putin admitted he personally was saddened by the worsening relations with Turkey. He elaborated that  problems do exist and they emerged a long time ago and we have been trying to resolve them in dialogue with our Turkish partners. Putin said he has heard Ankara s comments that it was not President Recep Erdogan who made the decision to down the Russian jet. However, for Russia  it doesn t really matter  which official made the decision. As a result of this criminal campaign our two soldiers died   a crew commander and a marine, who was part of the rescue team of the [Su-24] crew,  he said adding that Turkish actions were  a huge mistake. Via: RT",0
14868,"JACK-ASS-IN-CHIEF: OBAMA USES SPEECH ON WORLD STAGE To Apologize For Greedy Americans…Ties MLK, Jr. To Phony Climate Change [VIDEO]","For the umpteenth time, Obama takes the opportunity to trash Americans while overseas President Obama on Monday pushed world leaders to finalize a sweeping global agreement that would cut carbon emissions and hopefully stave off the worst effects of climate change.Invoking the words of Martin Luther King, Jr., Obama insisted that a grim future hurt by worsening global warming  is one that we have the power to change. Right here. Right now. But only if we rise to this moment,  he said in a speech kicking off the Paris conference. For all the challenges we face, the growing threat of climate change could define the contours of this century more dramatically than any other,  Obama said.  What should give us hope that this is a turning point, that this is the moment we finally determined we would save our planet, is the fact that our nations share a sense of urgency about this challenge and a growing realization that it is within our power to do something about it. I ve come here personally, as the leader of the world s largest economy and the second-largest emitter, to say that the United States of America not only recognizes our role in creating this problem, we embrace our responsibility to do something about it,  he added. Via: NYDailyNews",0
14869,Deja Vu: Hillary Wants $275 Billion For Shovel-Ready Union Jobs,"Wait one damn minute! Didn t we do this already? It s another effort to spread the wealth and I m thinking the American people won t buy it this time.BOSTON (AP)   Hillary Clinton called for hundreds of billions in new federal spending on infrastructure on Sunday, kicking off what her campaign says will be a month-long focus on job creation.Standing before a backdrop of union workers and students, the Democratic presidential frontrunner vowed to rebuild  ladders of opportunity  and give a greater number of Americans a  middle-class lifestyle. Investing infrastructure makes our economy more productive and competitive,  she said at the launch of  Hard Hats for Hillary,  a new effort by her campaign to mobilize union workers.  To build a strong economy for our future, we must start by building strong infrastructure today. Clinton was joined by Boston Mayor Marty Walsh, who recently endorsed her campaign, and a number of labor unions backing her bid. Get your sledgehammers ready because we have a glass ceiling to demolish,  Walsh told a cheering audience crowded into historic Faneuil Hall.The new infrastructure proposals make up the most expensive portion of Clinton s economic agenda, which her campaign said would exceed the $350 billion she s already proposed for a college affordability plan. Along with the $275 billion in infrastructure funds, she plans to call for new investments in manufacturing and research in the coming weeks.Read more: Breitbart",0
14870,FAMOUS RHODE ISLAND DANCING COP FIRED For Protesting Cop Hating Terror Group [Video],"Welcome to the  new America,  where there can be no opposition to the Left or there will be serious consequences The retired cop who annually cut a rug while directing Rhode Island traffic   until Providence cut ties with him when he protested a Black Lives Matter supporter   has a new dance partner on the other side of town.Tony Lepore, 68, is taking his holiday dance act to East Providence from Dec. 10 to Dec. 24, the cavorting cop said during an appearance Sunday on  Fox & Friends. And I ll always on the 24th wear my Santa hat and pass out candy canes to the kids,  said Lepore, who s been dancing in the streets since 1984.A longtime local favorite, Providence dropped Lepore s services after he helped organize a picket outside a Dunkin  Donuts where a worker wrote  #blacklivesmatter  on a police officer s coffee cup. Mr. Lepore was not authorized to speak on behalf of the Providence Police Department and his actions were, in my judgment, a disservice to the department and to members of the Providence community,  Providence Police Chief Stephen Pare said in a statement.Lepore said Sunday he was aware of the risks of his protest but he wanted to support the beat cops. Black Lives Matter is an organization that has some individuals   some individuals   that advocate harm to police officers,  Lepore said.  Since we picketed and got a written apology from the Dunkin  Donuts  owner. . . . we haven t had one incident in Rhode Island.  Via: FOX News",0
14871,The American Energy Success Story Obama Won’t Tell The World,"Obama has waisted billions on green energy but the free market wins in the end with the success of fracking and natural gas. You won t hear this from Obama because it doesn t further his agenda to spread the wealth of American taxpayers. Obama plans on spreading our tax dollars to India Yes, India! He s pledged billions to India to increase green energy. We know better than that though it s just another scam to give your hard earned dollars to a failed industry that can t make it in the free market. President Barack Obama is poised to repeat his history of weak-handed negotiations on the world stage when nearly 200 countries gather in Paris on Monday to consider an international response to climate change. According to the president, rejecting the Keystone XL oil pipeline and piling regulations on the fossil fuel and power industries in the United States are necessary to preserving America s credibility as a leader on the world stage.But by doing this, Obama ignores the strongest card in America s hand as he steps to the table: the advances our energy sector has made to reduce carbon emissions while simultaneously acting as the lone bright spot in our economy.In essence, his rhetoric is blind to the true story of American energy. But this story cannot be ignored.According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, monthly power sector carbon dioxide emissions reached a 27-year low in April 2015. But, the progress does not stop there. Total U.S. greenhouse gas emissions are also declining. According to data available from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. greenhouse gas emissions dropped 9 percent between 2005 and 2013   the largest reduction from any country.So what has made these positive developments possible? The answer is America s oil and natural gas renaissance, as well as our insatiable appetite to innovate. Despite Obama s efforts to stop oil and natural gas development on federal lands and the introduction of unnecessary regulations that increase the cost of production and consumption, American production has been growing at an astounding rate. Natural gas production hit nearly 91 billion cubic feet per day   an increase of about 27 billion cubic feet since August 2006, or enough gas to power up to 290,000 homes per year.A Manhattan Institute study concluded that the increase in clean natural gas production is the greatest contributor toward declining U.S. greenhouse gas emissions. In fact, carbon emissions in America are down to where they were a quarter century ago, though our population has been growing.Even EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy has recognized the important contributions of American natural gas to reducing U.S. greenhouse gas emissions, saying hydraulic fracturing has  created an opportunity for a shift  into natural gas, and that shift has been enormously beneficial from a clean air perspective, as well as from a climate perspective. It is important to note that this progress wasn t driven by arbitrary benchmarks or government mandates, but rather by the free market and natural consensus for a freer, safer, and more economically prosperous future. The conclusion the president should draw from this and bring to the table with the international community is clear: only by embracing the free market can we improve the world s environmental outlook while also strengthening our economies.To demonstrate true leadership, Obama should start emphasizing the important role of hydraulic fracturing and natural gas development across the globe. America would then be standing for policies with proven results rather than for ideas that may sound good, but just don t work. Developing nations desperate for economic growth would be particularly enthusiastic with this proposition as an alternative to the economically disastrous policies currently in vogue.And this is exactly the vision the Republican-led Congress intends to project to the world. We are listening to the American people, who largely do not support the president s regulatory agenda and who understand that there is a better way.Read more: Reuters",0
14872,How We’re Being Tricked: Fiddling With Temperature Data The Biggest Scam Ever,"Amen to this! Billions of your tax dollars have been redistributed in the name of global warming.  When future generations look back on the global-warming scare of the past 30 years, nothing will shock them more than the extent to which the official temperature records   on which the entire panic ultimately rested   were systematically  adjusted  to show the Earth as having warmed much more than the actual data justified. Two weeks ago, under the headline  How we are being tricked by flawed data on global warming , I wrote about Paul Homewood, who, on his Notalotofpeopleknowthat blog, had checked the published temperature graphs for three weather stations in Paraguay against the temperatures that had originally been recorded. In each instance, the actual trend of 60 years of data had been dramatically reversed, so that a cooling trend was changed to one that showed a marked warming. This was only the latest of many examples of a practice long recognised by expert observers around the world   one that raises an ever larger question mark over the entire official surface-temperature record.Watch: Climate change explained in 60 second animation:  Following my last article, Homewood checked a swathe of other South American weather stations around the original three. In each case he found the same suspicious one-way  adjustments . First these were made by the US government s Global Historical Climate Network (GHCN). They were then amplified by two of the main official surface records, the Goddard Institute for Space Studies (Giss) and the National Climate Data Center (NCDC), which use the warming trends to estimate temperatures across the vast regions of the Earth where no measurements are taken. Yet these are the very records on which scientists and politicians rely for their belief in  global warming .President Barack Obama will use the report as evidence for action as he tries to move ahead with policies on climate change before leaving office in 2017Homewood has now turned his attention to the weather stations across much of the Arctic, between Canada (51 degrees W) and the heart of Siberia (87 degrees E). Again, in nearly every case, the same one-way adjustments have been made, to show warming up to 1 degree C or more higher than was indicated by the data that was actually recorded. This has surprised no one more than Traust Jonsson, who was long in charge of climate research for the Iceland met office (and with whom Homewood has been in touch). Jonsson was amazed to see how the new version completely  disappears  Iceland s  sea ice years  around 1970, when a period of extreme cooling almost devastated his country s economy. One of the first examples of these  adjustments  was exposed in 2007 by the statistician Steve McIntyre, when he discovered a paper published in 1987 by James Hansen, the scientist (later turned fanatical climate activist) who for many years ran Giss. Hansen s original graph showed temperatures in the Arctic as having been much higher around 1940 than at any time since. But as Homewood reveals in his blog post,  Temperature adjustments transform Arctic history , Giss has turned this upside down. Arctic temperatures from that time have been lowered so much that that they are now dwarfed by those of the past 20 years.Read more: The Telegraph",0
14873,MUSLIM CONGRESSMAN Abruptly Leaves DC: Uses Finely Honed Divisive Race Skills To Lead Fight Against Cops In MN,"Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) is more than just a radical activist, he s also a devout Muslim U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison abruptly left Washington earlier this month to fly back to Minneapolis and emerged at the center of explosive confrontations between black activists and police outside the Fourth Precinct station.In those first, uncertain days after a fatal police shooting of an unarmed black man in north Minneapolis, Ellison displayed credibility among different factions of the black community, and also had stature in the mayor s office and could help broker a sit-down meeting between Gov. Mark Dayton and the family of the shooting victim, Jamar Clark.The unrest has elevated Ellison s profile, but it has also become his biggest test yet as a political leader trying to negotiate a truce in the latest flare-up of long-running tensions between police and the local black community. People have successfully gotten the attention of political leadership,  Ellison said from the protest site, less than a mile from his home.  We just have to make sure we do not waste it, and we make sure we gather it up and turn it into some tangible benefits for the people here. Striking a tone that was conciliatory but also challenging, he added:  There s absolutely no doubt that we have to get established, responsive government. The unrest hit uncomfortably close to home for the fifth-term Democrat just a few days after the shooting. During a particularly fraught night, his son, Jeremiah, was photographed with his hands up as police in riot gear pointed a gun toward him and other protesters. Ellison later shared the photo on his Twitter account, calling it  agonizing.  It was retweeted nearly 4,000 times.Behind the scenes, Ellison, 52, has been navigating several constituencies, including the governor s office, city officials, progressive allies and black activists who themselves are split over how to best accomplish their goals. Some black community members say they hope the shooting will finally get the attention of state leaders, whom they say have allowed Minnesota s racial disparities to fester for decades.Those connected to Ellison say his latest role is one that he has honed after years of deep involvement in divisive racial issues around Minneapolis. They say he radiates a cool confidence in person, and is enormously skilled at connecting with people in the midst of conflicts. People who don t know him, especially from outside of Minneapolis, see a firebrand out in the streets, playing that one really important role he plays, rallying the community to be empowered,  former Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak said.  The other role that most people don t see, that I have the benefit of, is a very savvy adviser who would never moderate his views but would bring a sophisticated understanding of how government worked.   For entire story: Star TribuneSo who exactly is Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) and why do Muslim lawmakers like hime and Andre Carson (D-IN) in America matter?Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) is perhaps the most well known Muslim in the U.S. Congress but he s not the only one. The other is Rep. Andre Carson (D-IN). While speaking at the ICNA-MAS convention, Carson told those in attendance that America s schools should be  modeled  after  madrassas  (Islamic schools).Incidentally, the ICNA (Islamic Circle of North America) was identified in a 1991 Muslim Brotherhood document as one of 29  like minded  organizations. The goal of these organizations? According to the document itself: their work in America is a kind of grand Jihad in eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within and  sabotaging  its miserable house by their hands   so that   God s religion [Islam] is made victorious over all other religions. MAS (Muslim American Society) was formed in 1992, one year after the date of the document, which might explain why they weren t one of the 29. Bolstering that case further is the fact that MAS has identified two groups who are on the list of the notorious 29   Islamic Society of North America (ISNA) and Muslim Students Association (MSA) as being like-minded.So, as DHS is more concerned with  rightwing extremism  than it is with Jihad, a sitting U.S. Congressman is a featured speaker at a convention filled with those who want to destroy Western civilization (America) from within. Watch Muslim Congressman Andre Carson bemoan the lack of Muslims in lawmaking roles. He also expresses his concern about anti-Sharia legislation being passed in many states:Via: Shoebat",0
14874,OUTRAGEOUS: Top15 Examples Of How Radical We’ve Allowed Our Colleges And Universities To Become,"This is not a war we can expect our children to fight on their own. We are in a war with a leftist academia who has lost sight of why we are paying for our children to attend their schools. We are not paying for our children to sit in a classroom and talk about the evils of capitalism, the plight of the trans-sexual, the injustices of the minority student who is apparently no better off today than the slaves of the 18th century in America. We are not paying for teachers to convince our children that success should be punished or that choosing a heterosexual, monogamous relationship is selfish and short-sighted. We are paying them to give our children a quality education period. And that is what our children deserve How radical, weird and out of touch have liberals on college campuses gotten since Obama came into office? It s worse than you ever thought and although there is an almost unlimited number of problematic incidents to choose from, these 15 are particularly effective at getting across how bad things have become.1)  College Students Say Remembering 9/11 Is Offensive to Muslims.  The everything-is-offensive brand of campus activism has struck a new low: Students at the University of Minnesota killed a proposed moment of silence for 9/11 victims due to concerns insulting, childish concerns that Muslim students would be offended. 2)  Portland State University Offers Course Teaching How to  Make Whiteness Strange According to Portland State University Professor Rachel Sanders   White Privilege  course,  whiteness  must be dismantled if racial justice will ever be achieved. The course description states that  whiteness is the lynchpin of structures of racial meaning and racial inequality in the United States  and claims that  to preserve whiteness is to preserve racial injustice.  Students taking the course will  endeavor to make whiteness strange.  In order to make whiteness strange, the description says students must  interrogate whiteness as an unstable legal, political, social, and cultural construction. 3)  A University in the San Francisco Area Actually Told Students To Call 911 if They Were Offended .Administrators at a Catholic university in the San Francisco Bay Area have rescinded an official school policy instructing students to clog up the regional 9-1-1 emergency reporting system to report  bias incidents. The school is Santa Clara University, reports Campus Reform Until this month, however, Santa Clara administrators have been instructing students to report  bias incidents  using the emergency service reserved for dispatching police, firefighters and ambulances. If the bias incident is in progress or just occurred: ALWAYS CALL 911 IMMEDIATELY,  the Santa Clara website instructed students in fierce, all-capital letters. Mizzou Police Sent a Campus Wide Email to students during protests: CALL POLICE if someone says something hurtful to you4)  Educators in the Volunteer State are very concerned that students might be offended by the usage of traditional pronouns like she, he, him and hers, according to a document from the University of Tennessee   Knoxville s Office of Diversity and Inclusion. For all you folks who went to school back when there were only him and her   here s a primer: some of the new gender neutral pronouns are ze, hir, zir, xe, xem and xyr. 5)  A Professor at Polk State College has allegedly failed a humanities student after she refused to concede that Jesus is a  myth  or that Christianity oppresses women during a series of mandatory assignments at the Florida college. According to a press release from the Liberty Counsel, a non-profit public interest law firm, Humanities Professor Lance  Lj  Russum gave a student a  zero  on four separate papers because the 16-year-old did not  conform to his personal worldviews of Marxism, Atheism, Feminism, and homosexuality.  The law firm has called for a full, private investigation of the professor and the course curriculum. 6)  College Codes Make  Color Blindness  a Microaggression wait, what? . UCLA says  Color Blindness,  the idea we shouldn t obsess over people s race, is a microaggression. If you refuse to treat an individual as a  racial/cultural being,  then you re being aggressive. 7)  The phrase  politically correct  is now a microaggression according to the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. The university s  Just Words  campaign is the work of UWM s  Inclusive Excellence Center  and aims to  raise awareness of microaggressions and their impact microaggressions like  politically correct  or  PC. 8) )  American,   illegal alien,   foreigners,   mothering,  and  fathering  are just a handful of words deemed  problematic  by the University of New Hampshire s Bias-Free Language Guide .Saying  American  to reference Americans is also problematic. The guide encourages the use of the more inclusive substitutes  U.S. citizen  or  Resident of the U.S.  The guide also tries to get students to stop saying  Caucasian,   illegal Immigrant,   mother,   father  and even the word  healthy  is said to shame those who aren t healthy. 9)  Late yesterday afternoon, ACLJ filed a lawsuit on behalf of Brandon Jenkins against officials of The Community College of Baltimore County (CCBC) in Maryland for denying Brandon admission to its Radiation Therapy Program in part due to his expression of religious beliefs. As one faculty member explained to Brandon, on behalf of CCBC, the  field [of radiation therapy] is not the place for religion. 10)  A California school co-founded by a firebrand who once called for an  intifada  in the U.S. has become the nation s first accredited Muslim college. 11)  According to Coastal Carolina University, sex is only consensual if both parties are completely sober and if consent is not only present, but also enthusiastic. This is a troubling standard that converts many ordinary, lawful sexual encounters into sexual assault, and it should frighten any student at CCU. 12)  Clemson University apologizes for serving Mexican food Students took to Twitter to call the event culturally insensitive and to question the school s efforts to promote diversity .Clemson Dining issued an apology to  offended  students after hosting a  Maximum Mexican  food day. 13)  All-Women s College Cancels  Vagina Monologues  Because it Excludes Women Without Vaginas. 14)  The  Black Lives Matter  leader who landed a teaching gig at Yale University delivered a lecture this week on the historical merits of looting as a form of protest, backing up his lesson with required reading that puts modern-day marauders on par with the patriots behind the Boston Tea Party. 15)  Assistant Dean (at Cornell) Tells a Project Veritas Investigative Journalist that the University Would Allow an ISIS Terrorist to Hold a  Training Camp  on Campus, Saying:  It Would be Like Bringing in a Coach to do a Training on a Sports Team.' Watch here:Via: Townhall",0
14875,WATCH VIDEO: Russia Details Turkey’s Support Of ISIS,This report explains so much could this explain Obama s actions too? ,0
14876,HOW THE FBI Cracked A Terror Plot On Black Friday That May Have Been Worse Than 9-11," The U.S. is the great enemy of mankind!  raved Ernesto  Che  Guevara in 1961.  Against those hyenas there is no option but extermination. We will bring the war to the imperialist enemies  very home, to his places of work and recreation. The imperialist enemy must feel like a hunted animal wherever he moves. Thus we ll destroy him! We must keep our hatred against them (the U.S.) alive and fan it to paroxysms!  -Che Guevara, head of Cuba s  Foreign Liberation Department,  Nov. 17, 1962We have a president who won t tie Islamic terrorists to Islam, has cut a one-sided deal with Iran, as they continue to chant  death to America,  and has made an open alliance with a communist country who has a long history of hating America. The same country Obama is fighting to normalize relations with, would have committed an unspeakable act of terrorism against us, had our FBI not thwarted their plans.  Why the rush to embrace so many nations and leaders who have a long history of wanting to harm us Barry?  On the morning of November 17th, 1962, FBI headquarters in Washington D.C. took on  all the trappings of a military command post,  according to historian William Breuer. The previous night an intelligence puzzle had finally come together. The resulting picture staggered the FBI men. And these had served at their posts during WWII and the height of the Cold War. They d seen plenty. Now they had mere days to foil a crime against their nation to rival Hideki Tojo s.The agents and officers were haggard and red-eyed  but seriously wired. Like hawks on a perch they d been watching the plot unfold, sweating bullets the whole time. It was nearing time to swoop down on Fidel Castro and Che Guevara s agents, busy with a terror plot that would have made ISIS drool decades later.Alan Belmont was second to J Edgar Hoover at the time. Raymond Wannall headed the Bureau s Intelligence Division. That nerve-jangling morning both were in Belmont s office just down the hall from Hoover s. Both were burning up the telephone lines to their agents in New York. On one phone they had Special Agent John Malone who ran the New York field office. On other lines they talked with several carloads of FBI agents slinking around Manhattan. These were keeping a touch-and-go, but more or less constant, surveillance on the ringleaders of the Cuban terror plot.Castro s agents had targeted Macy s, Gimbels, Bloomingdales, and Manhattan s Grand Central Station with a dozen incendiary devices and 500 kilos of TNT. The holocaust was set for detonation the following week, on the day after Thanksgiving.A little perspective: For their March 2004 Madrid subway blasts, all 10 of them, that killed and maimed almost 2,000 people, al-Qaeda used a grand total of 100 kilos of TNT. Castro and Che s agents planned to set off five times that explosive power in the three biggest department stores on earth, all packed to suffocation and pulsing with holiday cheer on the year s biggest shopping day. Macy s get s 50,000 shoppers that one day. Thousands of New Yorkers, including women and children actually, given the date and targets, probably mostly women and children were to be incinerated and entombed. ( We greeted each other as old friends,  gushed Jimmy Carter when visiting Fidel Castro in 2002.)At the time, the FBI relied heavily on  HUMINT  (Human Intelligence.) So they d expertly penetrated the plot. One by one the ringleaders were ambushed. The first was named Roberto Santiesteban and he was nabbed while walking down Riverside Drive. As the agents closed in, Santiesteban saw them and  took off! And as he ran, Santiesteban was jamming paper in his mouth and chewing furiously.But six FBI agents were after him, all fleet of foot themselves. Finally they closed the ring and  triangulated  the suspect. Santiesteban fell, raging and cursing, flailing his arms and jabbing his elbows like a maniac. They grabbed his arm and bent it behind his back just as he was reaching for his pistol.While this group got their man, another FBI squad arrested a couple named Elsa Montero and Jose Gomez-Abad as they left their apartment on West 71st Street. The FBI speculated that as many as 30 others might have been in on the plot, but these were the head honchos. Had those detonators gone off, 9/11 might be remembered as the SECOND deadliest terrorist attack on U.S. soil.Some of these plotters belonged to the New York Chapter of the Fair Play for Cuba Committee, an outfit that became MUCH better known a year later on that very week. Incidentally, at the time of the Manhattan terror plot, the Fair Play For Cuba Committee also included among its members, CBS correspondent Robert Taber (an early version of Dan Rather, who conducted Castro s first network television soft-soaping on Aug. 30, 1957), along with The Nation magazine co-owner Alan Sagner. In 1996 President Clinton appointed Alan Sagner head of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.Terror-plotters Roberto Santiesteban, Elsa Montero and Jose Gomez-Abad belonged to the Castro-Cuban Mission to the U.N. and escaped prosecution by indignantly claiming  diplomatic immunity.  Via: TownhallIt s hard to imagine any American would ever consider Che Guevara to be a hero And then again, maybe it s not so hard to imagine:Maria Isabel is the campaign volunteer who hung this Che Guevara poster in the Obama campaign office in Houston, TX. She s no  low-level  volunteer either. She is a campaign  precinct captain  and the co-chair of the Houston Obama Leadership Team. ",0
14877,CHICAGO THUGS Watched 9 Yr Old Play On Swings Before Carrying Out His Brutal Murder In Retaliation Against Dad’s Gang,"UPDATE: No #BlackLivesMatter Protests PlannedChicago has no shortage of thugs. What they do have a shortage of is support from the #BlackLivesMatter terrorists and Obama Regime. You don t hear our Community Organizer In Chief running to a microphone every time a young black man or woman is murdered at the hands of another black man or woman. Sadly, it doesn t fit their narrative. This young boy s murder is far more tragic than the plight of the Muslim boy, with a history of discipline issues, who took a fake bomb to school in Texas on 9-11 and was rightly punished for his behavior by school officials. The phony outrage that Obama showed the world over this little fake  clock boy s  arrest should sicken every American. It is especially disturbing when one considers Obama s deafening silence over the horrific gang violence that plagues his hometown of Chicago. Where were the tweets of outrage from the White House over the loss of this beautiful young boy s life? Crickets On Friday, prosecutors laid out their case against a man accused of murdering 9-year-old Tyshawn Lee on Nov. 2Corey Morgan, 27, of suburban Lansing, was charged in the murder. Police have one other man in custody who has not yet been charged, and a third man, Kevin Edwards, is also wanted in the slaying.Prosecutors say Corey Morgan (left) and Kevin Edwards planned the heinous murder of 9-year-old Tyshawn Lee.Assistant State s Attorney George Canellis said Friday the shooting stemmed from an ongoing feud between Morgan s gang, the BBG (Bang Bang Gang)/Terror Dome faction of the Black P Stones and the Killaward faction of the Gangster Disciples.The feud came to a boil after an Oct. 13 shooting in which Morgan s brother, Tracey Morgan was killed and his mother was wounded. Morgan was so enraged he threatened to shoot  grandmas, mamas, kids and all  in retaliation, prosecutors said.Tyshawn was hit in his back, forearm and head, and part of his thumb was shot off as if he was raising his hand to block the shots, Canellis said. This murder was committed in a cold, calculated and premeditated manner,  Canellis said.Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy vowed to destroy the group responsible for the boy s brutal murder. They are going to be obliterated,  he said.  That gang just signed its death warrant. McCarthy did not detail each suspect s role in the shooting. We know that there were three individuals involved in this,  he said.Morgan s arrest comes nearly a month after Tyshawn s Nov. 2 shooting death.Police are hunting for Kevin Edwards, also suspected in the shooting.Court documents paint a disturbing picture of the planned attack, explaining that Morgan and his accomplices allegedly saw Tyshawn playing on the swings in a playlot with his basketball beside him. One of the suspects allegedly started dribbling Tyshawn s ball, ultimately luring him into the alley where police say he was  executed. Read more on what happened in court Friday here.Tyshawn Lee Case: Cory Morgan ProfferVia: DNAinfochicago",0
14878,Obama And Kerry Exposed: Secret Side Deals With Iran And No Nuclear Agreement,"Bravo! These two great Americans make me have hope for the politicians we elect. They re doing a damn good job of exposing the phony Iran deal. They both are veterans and super smart so maybe they ve been able to outsmart the Obama thugs. I love these guys!Rep. Mike Pompeo (R   Kan.) and Sen. Tom Cotton (R   Ark.) have a lot in common. Both are army veterans and both are graduates of Harvard Law School. And both have been doing a great job of exposing aspects of the nuclear deal with Iran that the administration would rather keep quiet.This week it was reported that an inquiry from Pompeo got the State Department to admit that the nuclear deal was never signed and is not  legally binding. Julia Frifield, the Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs, wrote in response to Pompeo s inquiry if he could see the signed agreement, in a letter reproduced at the congressman s website, that the nuclear deal was not binding and that it was not signed by any party. The key parts of the letter read:The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) is not a treaty or an executive agreement, and is not a signed document   The success of the JCPOA will depend not on whether it is legally binding or signed, but rather on the extensive verification measures we have put in place, as well as Iran s understanding that we have the capacity to re-impose   and ramp up   our sanctions if Iran does not meet its commitments.Frifield asserted that the JCPOA was not a signed agreement but  reflections of political commitments  between Iran and the P5+1 nations   the United States, Britain, France, China, Russia and Germany.Pompeo responded,  For the State Department to try to defend the unsigned and non-binding Iran nuclear agreement by calling it a  political commitment  is about as absurd as the terms of the deal itself.   Instead of forging an agreement with Iran that will protect Americans and prevent the world s largest state sponsor of terror from obtaining a nuclear weapon, the Obama administration caved to Iranian bullies and serial nuclear cheaters. Unsigned, this agreement is nothing more than a press release and just about as enforceable. Pompeo, of course, knew that the deal was unsigned, but he got the State Department to admit it. What Cotton s letter did was expose the administration s ploy to evade Congressional oversight and still achieve the permanence of a treaty by going to the U.N. Security Council.The non-binding nature of the nuclear non-agreement isn t the only subterfuge that Cotton and Pompeo have exposed. It was also their questioning that led to the discovery of the secret side deals between Iran and the IAEA. One of the side deals allowed Iran to collect its own samples at the Parchin military base, an arrangement that non-proliferation experts Olli Heinonen, a former deputy director of the IAEA, and David Albright, head of the Institute for Science and International Security, said undermined the effectiveness of the JCPOA. (The scandal of self-inspection of Parchin had previously been brought up by Sen. Robert Menendez (D   N.J.) and Sen. James Risch (R   Idaho).)Cotton and Pompeo have been very good at exposing the weakness of the deal that the media wouldn t otherwise have reported. No doubt in the coming months Iran will continue testing the administration and the administration will continue retreating exposing further weaknesses in the deal. ",0
14879,Murdered Chicago Teen Was Ward Of The State…So Why Did His Mom And Sister Get $5 Million Settlement?,"Absent parent Cashin  in McDonald was the teen who was shot by the Chicago officer 16 times, some while he was apparently incapacitated on the ground. His family, namely his mother and sister were paid $5 million in a settlement from the city. But they were not taking care of him, the city effectively was. He was removed from his home at age 5 and grew up in foster homes. One has to wonder was he removed from the home because of the molestation?CHICAGO (CBS)   Who was Laquan McDonald? CBS 2 s Dorothy Tucker takes a look at his complicated life from the view of educators and family friends.Yolanda Hoskins speaks affectionately about the Laquan McDonald. He was her son s best friend. Happy and just wanted to be around somebody and feel loved,  she said.The 17-year-old she knew liked basketball, tacos and gym shoes, but he also had a troubled past. He was a ward of the state,  she said.  He was molested too. His death at the hands of a Chicago Police officer who s accused of shooting him 16 times prompted Hoskins to join community activists in a call for justice.There have been questions raised about the failure to release the video earlier and some have accused Rahm Emanuel of holding it back to not hinder his election, and paying the family off. The family apparently was shown the video but did not seek to make it public, in fact, said they would prefer it not to be public as  what mother would want to see the execution of her son over and over . As part of the settlement they agreed to keep it confidential.Update:Here s more on the short life of Laquan McDonald. His mother at every point failed him, mother s boyfriend abused him and he had to be removed from the home. And you wonder how he became a druggie and ended up high on PCP? Sure makes me happy his mother got $5 million dollars for how much she failed him Via: Weasel Zippers",0
14880,NATION OF ISLAM Joins #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists To Shut Down Chicago’s Popular “Miracle Mile” On Busiest Shopping Day Of Year [Videos and Photos],"How can it possibly be legal for these terrorists to lock arms and block innocent shoppers from entering these stores? The  Miracle Mile,  located in the city of Chicago draws tens of thousands of shoppers every year at Christmas time. Imagine the faces of families of every ethnicity when they find out the City of Chicago is allowing these terrorists to prevent them from entering these stores? Roughly 3,000 demonstrators have shut down a large portion of Michigan Avenue in Chicago the  Magnificent Mile in the middle of Black Friday, the busiest shopping day of the year, to protest the shooting of black teenager Laquon McDonald.The 17-year-old was killed in October 2014, and was apparently armed with a knife at the time. Video of the shooting released on Tuesday, however, shows that he was walking away from police at the time he was shot 16 times by Officer Jason Van Dyke.Turnout was strong despite 39-degree weather and rainy conditions. Demonstrators shouted  16 shots!  and  No justice, no shopping! The march started at Michigan and Wacker Drive and began walking north. They include demonstrators from the Nation of Islam, which is marching under the banner of  Justice of Else ; RevCom, the Revolutionary Communist Party, and the Rev. Jesse Jackson s Rainbow PUSH coalition.100 Percent FED UP: Here, the terror groups can be seen (without any visible resistance from the police) chanting about shutting down the Apple Store, located on the Miracle Mile:Apple Store on Michigan just locked its doors. #LaquanMcDonald #BlackFriday @TouchVisionTV pic.twitter.com/y97WaHTQVT  Lauren Mialki (@laurenmialki) November 27, 2015Shutting down Tiffany's over #LaquanMcDonald ""No diamonds today"" pic.twitter.com/ygHQdLKaUL  Kathryn Pensack (@katpen6) November 27, 2015The #LaquanMcDonald protest is on the move, heading north on Michigan Avenue https://t.co/2E4mcauYv0  Whitney Dawn Carlson (@whitneydawn) November 27, 2015And of course, what would a #BlackLivesMatter protest be without pro-communism supporters?Old, White Communists Lead Anti-Cop Protests In Chicago Over McDonald Death: https://t.co/gVpflUqm6M #LaquanMcDonald pic.twitter.com/29PKqhcQ0A  The Daily Caller (@DailyCaller) November 27, 2015Yesterday, we shared a story about BLM terrorists attempting to rip down the iconic Christmas tree on Miracle Mile. Click HERE for the full story.The latter group is marching slowly, while the other groups have pushed ahead, effectively taking up five city blocks along Michigan Ave., with hundreds of Chicago Police Department officers lining the streets.Various groups begin marching down Michigan Ave in protest of Mayor @RahmEmanuel s handling of #LaquanMcDonald vid.Various groups begin marching down Michigan Ave in protest of Mayor @RahmEmanuel's handling of #LaquanMcDonald vid. pic.twitter.com/FF0XbYMOZ0  The Chicago Reporter (@ChicagoReporter) November 27, 2015  The Chicago Reporter (@ChicagoReporter) November 27, 2015Protesters are attempting to gain access to major department stores and shopping malls. Police turned them away at the entrance to Water Tower Place, but they continue to try to enter other shopping areas with the intention of blocking commerce from taking place. As of noon, the protesters were walking toward the John Hancock tower.Update 1:00 p.m.: Several stores have been blocked and effectively shut down, including Macy s, H&M, and others over six blocks. Shoppers are either stuck inside the stores or cannot enter. Some shuffle by, as protesters shout at them. Michigan Avenue itself, normally filled with traffic, is empty.)Photo- Lee Stranahan, Breitbart NewsIn conversations with demonstrators, Breitbart News has learned that the groups plan to target the Chicago Board of Trade, one of the world s most important commodities exchanges, in future demonstrations. The aim is to do as much economic damage as possible while drawing attention to perceived racism and abuse by the Chicago Police Department. The police have struggled to manage the city s rise in crime in recent years, and now labor under new suspicions of prejudice and political corruption. Via: Breitbart News ",0
14881,13 YR OLD BLACK CONSERVATIVE Hammers #BlackLivesMatter College Activists:”Grow Up!” [Video],"The spoiled brats protesting on colleges campuses across America could benefit from a little common sense advice from 13 year old conservative, CJ Pearson Cj Pearson is running for Chairman of the Georgia Teen Republicans. If you live in Georgia, you might consider supporting him.You can also donate to his #StandwittCJ campaign here: https://rally.org/CJPearson ",0
14882,What Gives? Saudi King Spends A Fortune In 2014 On Gifts For The Obamas,"Even though Obama has to pay for anything he wants to keep, it s still a bribe in my book.Throughout 2014, Saudi King Abdullah and top kingdom officials spent a fortune on gifts for Obama, first lady Michelle Obama and their daughters   roughly $1.35 million on the list.The accounting was made public the day before Thanksgiving, with Americans poised to dive into the gift-buying season.The first thing to know is that these gifts aren t bribes (wink, wink). If Obama wants to keep anything he gets from another world leader, he has to pay fair market value for it and take it with him when he leaves office. Otherwise, U.S. law stipulates that the president must turn over everything to the National Archives or other institutions for storage or display.Obama is wealthy   book sales and investments, on top of a $400,000 annual salary, have made the onetime college professor financially quite comfortable. But it s hard to imagine him putting up the cash to keep the  gold and silver men s wristwatch with leather band,  valued at $18,400, that he received from the Saudi king on Jan. 14, 2014. Or the $67,000 needed to own another timepiece, a  white gold men s wristwatch with leather band,  that the monarch gave him on April 15, 2014 (no word on whether it was inscribed  happy tax day ). And then there was the  48-inch gold-plated brass replica of the Makkah Clock Tower on marble base,  presented March 28, 2014, and coming in at a cool $57,000, roughly what a median American family earns in a year.Impressive? Not when compared to the gifts the Saudi king, who died in 2015, gave Michelle Obama.On Jan. 14, 2014, Barack Obama might have been admiring the watch he wasn t going to keep, but the first lady got a  diamond and emerald jewelry set including necklace, earrings, ring and bracelet.  Value? $560,000.On April 15, 2014, she received an identically described set, but this one was worth $570,000.Malia and Sasha weren t left off the Saudi king s list. On Jan. 14, 2014, they received  diamond and emerald jewelry set including earrings, necklace, ring, brooch, and wristwatch. Diamond and ruby jewelry set including earrings, necklace, ring, brooch, and wristwatch.  Price tag: $80,000.So did the Saudi King give the gifts to the First Family out of the kindness of his heart?  Of course not They re bribes, nobody gives stuff like that unless they expect something in return.Read more: Blur Brain ",0
14883,WATCH Black Chicago Residents Blame Obama For Crime And Joblessness: “He needs to resign”,"Barack wants the Black Community to blame Whites and cops. These Black Chicago residents aren t buying it. They re putting the blame squarely on Barack Hussein Obama and Rahm Emanuel. He s probably the the worst President ever elected. Have the same love for these (black) young people as you ve got for the ones across the border. These residents of Chicago understand that Obama has done nothing to help raise them out of a state of dependency. They want jobs. They want self-esteem. They want to raise their families and earn a paycheck. Obama and the Democrats want to keep them down. And when the joblessness is so out of control, and the youth living in these impoverished neighborhoods get out of control, the cops are called in. Obama and Eric Holder have managed to turn the same cops who are coming into these neighborhoods and risking their lives into Public Enemy #1. Obama has these residents living in a perpetual hell-hole with no way out. No wonder they re so damn angry. Someone needs to get the message out to these communities that the Democrat party has no interest in helping them to break this cycle. The Black community needs jobs. We want them, we need them and it is a matter of life and death for us. The liberal agenda is not the black agenda, it is not the family agenda and it s not the American agenda. ",0
14884,BOOM! Conservative Support Grows For RINO John McCain’s Republican Opponent,"It would be great to ditch McCain this next election. In fact, there are many more RINO Republicans that need to go. Dr. Kelli Ward could be the answer:Conservative Campaign Committee PAC came out swinging against entrenched Sen. John McCain (R-AZ)41% and his bid for re-election against conservative Arizona State Senator Kelli Ward (R-Lake Havasu City) in a Saturday email urging PAC supporters to back Ward.The practicing emergency room physician recently returned from a trip to Washington, D.C. during which she met with conservatives pressing for their support. The momentum is building for Conservative Republican Kelli Ward and with your help we can win this race! The most recent Gravis Marketing Survey shows Kelli Ward leading John McCain among Republican voters by a 9-point margin, 45%   36%,  reads a portion of the CCC PAC message.McCain s actions calling conservatives  whacko birds  and  crazies  was called out among the PAC s grievances against the over three-decade D.C. insider.In January 2014 McCain s own party in Arizona censured the Senator for excessive liberal voting including support for the  Gang of Eight  amnesty plan. At the time of the Arizona State Committeemen meeting censure of the Senator, six of the state s fifteen county parties had censured McCain.Maricopa County s Republican Party Committee was among those and cited a  long and terrible record of drafting, co-sponsoring and voting for legislation best associated with liberal Democrats, such as Amnesty, funding for ObamaCare, the debt ceiling, liberal nominees, [and] assaults on the Constitution and 2nd amendment,  as an explanation for their decision.Read more: Breitbart ",0
14885,"A Timeless Thanksgiving Address From Ronald Reagan: “As a measure of our gratitude, let us rededicate ourselves to the preservation of the land of the free and the home of the brave” [Video]","Except for the walls part, this is a really timeless address to Americans on Thanksgiving from a great leader:  My fellow Americans, let us keep this Thanksgiving Day sacred thanking God for the bounty and goodness of our nation. As a measure of our gratitude, let us rededicate ourselves to the preservation of the land of the free and the home of the brave.  ",0
14886,ISIS Releases New Video Making Clear Their Mission Is To Honor Islamic Faith And Destroy Non-Believers…Obama: “ISIL is not Islamic”,"ISIS released a new video yesterday, where they threatened America and every other country they identify as the  infidel.  Meanwhile, we have a  Commander In Chief  who still refuses to identify them as  terrorists  or admit ISIS is actually fighting a holy war.I don t know maybe we re misunderstanding their message, but we re pretty sure they mention several times throughout the video that they are fighting a war for Allah Their latest video is pretty repulsive and we don t normally share their propaganda, but we thought is was worth viewing, given our  President s  insistence on convincing the world that  ISIL is not Islamic. Here s the  JV team s  latest video. You be the judge.  Are these evil beings waging a holy war, or are they as Obama said only two days ago, just  bad guys with guns and good social media?  Here s what Obama has to say about  ISIL  in 2014:Do you ever wonder why Barack Obama refers to ISIS as  ISIL  when every terror expert refers to them as  ISIS?  Click HERE for the entire story.",0
14887,Obama’s Race War Makes Its Way To His Hometown Of Chicago…Where This Punk Follows His Cop-Hating Lead,"This is insane!WATCH: Protests erupted in Chicago Tuesday night in the wake of first-degree murder charges being brought against a police officer who shot and killed a 17-year-old black man in October 2014.Watch this young punk staring down a cop who is just standing in place defending the protesters. This tough guy has been emboldened by the Barack Obama-Eric Holder race and cop war that was started when Trayvon Martin was killed by  White Hispanic  George Zimmerman. Thug Michael Brown s death just gave these hate organizer a reason to pass the baton to a whole new group of rioters in another geographic area.Now, one year after a shooting incident that left a young black man dead and a police officer facing first degree murder charges, we see it happening all over again in Obama s hometown of Chicago.Things get pretty heated in this exchange during the Megan Kelly show. This is Obama s legacy. This is how he ll be remembered:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>WATCH: Protests erupted in Chicago Tuesday night in the wake of first-degree murder charges being brought against a police officer who shot and killed a 17-year-old black man in October 2014.Posted by The Kelly File on Tuesday, 24 November 2015 As a side note,here are a few interesting crime statistics in Chicago, IL from Jan 1, 2015- Nov. 24, 2015:Click here to see source for the image above. ",0
14888,NOT KIDDING: Students Are Given Counseling After Seeing A “Symbol Of Oppression” On Student’s Laptop,"When did white students become throw away citizens on campuses?  White privilege has turned to  white shame  and outright psychological abuse at the hands of Black Lives Matter terrorists and pathetic excuses for educators University students in Massachusetts who were upset by an image of a Confederate flag sticker on another student s laptop were offered counseling services at Framingham State University.The offer came after the university s  chief diversity and inclusion officer,  Sean Huddleston, described the display of the small Confederate flag sticker as a  bias incident. According to Metrowest Daily News, students filed two  bias reports  within the past month as a result of a student displaying the flag in some way. The most recent bias incident   reported on November 19   was a report of a student having seen a Confederate flag sticker on another student s laptop.In an email to students, Huddleston did not declare a ban on displaying the flag, but claimed that it upsets some students.MRCTV obtained the email in which Huddleston wrote:A student reported a bias incident today, in which the image of the Confederate flag was displayed on a laptop. Many of you may be aware that last month we received a Bias Incident involving two other students for a similar issue. Although related in nature, the two incidents involve separate parties.The FSU Bias Protocol and Response Team has been made aware of the incident, and will meet to determine any measures that may be needed to respond to the incident. Our primary goal continues to be to expeditiously address and resolve incidents of bias that impede our progress toward a welcoming and inclusive campus community. Many see the Confederate flag as an inflammatory symbol of oppression and constant reminder of a dark period in the history of the United States in which slavery was a legal,  Huddleston continued, while  Others may simply view this flag as a symbol of shared southern heritage and in memory of the Civil War. Huddleston said the flag and other symbols  are not condoned by Framingham State University, as they violate the core values of our institution and not considered consistent with our desire to maintain a safe, respectful and welcoming campus community for all. He further described  bias incidents  as  situations that may not rise to the level of a criminal act, but still clearly communicate offensive or derogatory behaviors. Observing that students on campus in general may have suffered a traumatic reaction from seeing an image of the Confederate flag, Huddleston continued,  We recognize that bias incidents are upsetting for the entire campus community, but especially for the target(s) and witness(es) of these incidents. It is strongly suggested that anyone impacted by a bias incident find someone to speak with,  he wrote.According to FSU campus newspaper The Gatepost, social-media displayed a mixed reaction to Huddleston s email:On the popular anonymous social media app Yik Yak, one student said the Confederate flag controversy was  legitimately embarrassing  and  someone is getting in trouble for such stupid bullshit. Another student disagreed and compared the Confederate flag to the swastika. Adding,  That s the issue. In case you were somehow still confused in 2015. One anonymous student posted,  Carry a copy of the constitution tomorrow, see how fast the PC police emails fly. Via: Breitbart News ",0
14889,"Hurry, Or He’ll Pop Off! Obama’s Just Waiting For Your Specific “Alternative” [Supercut Video]",Just like a tired comedian Obama can t help himself. He s a one hit wonder with the same line over and over. Only an affirmative action president can pull this off  ,0
14890,WOW! FORMER MUSLIM’S MESSAGE To Refugees Who Betray America Goes Viral: “You are Muslims living here and benefiting from this country…Stand up for America!”,"// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>We the people ! Don t bite the hands that feed you people !Posted by Saad Kooza Salman on Saturday, June 6, 2015 You cannot handle their freedom, thats  why you re full of hate   Where do you think those 2 -3 million soldiers who fought your f  ass s in Fallujah and Ramadi and Baghdad and up-north went? They are here they did not forget how to kill, they did not forget how to fight. The same ones who fought you in Fallujah, they will f - you up here too. They got guns, but they don t want to choose that path. Don t call it your country if you don t fight for it, you coward! And you, as Americans, sympathizing with those mother f s , trying to off police officers and killing American people here! Shame on you! Stand up! Grow some balls! I m not an advocate for war, but the time has come to let them know. We will die for this nation, we will fight for this country. Whites, blacks, Chinese, I don t care what color you are! You are Muslims living here and benefiting from this country! Stand up for this America! I don t see no religion, I don t see no color. I see you are an American with us or you are against us! That s my message to you! Deal with that! I m an American by choice my friend, I love this flag and I will stand by it and I will die for it.  That s my message to you. ",0
14891,SHOCKING: Sharia Law Implemented In First American City With Muslim Majority City Council,"We live near this once great tourist destination of Hamtramck, a city with a vibrant nightlife, authentic polish food and a city where the beer flowed freely. All that was special about this unique little welcoming enclave just outside of the depressed Detroit neighborhoods surrounding it, is about to change dramatically Karen Majewski was in such high demand in her vintage shop on a recent Saturday afternoon that a store employee threw up her hands when yet another visitor came in to chat. Everyone wanted to talk to the mayor about the big political news.Earlier this month, the blue-collar city that has been home to Polish Catholic immigrants and their descendents for more than a century became what demographers think is the first jurisdiction in the nation to elect a majority-Muslim council.It s the second tipping for Hamtramck (pronounced Ham-tram-ik), which in 2013 earned the distinction becoming of what appears to be the first majority-Muslim city in the United States following the arrival of thousands of immigrants from Yemen, Bangladesh and Bosnia over a decade.In many ways, Hamtramck is a microcosm of the fears gripping parts of the country since the Islamic State s attacks on Paris: The influx of Muslims here has profoundly unsettled some residents of the town long known for its love of dancing, beer, paczki pastries and the pope.Majewski, whose family emigrated from Poland in the early 20th century, admitted to a few concerns of her own. Business owners within 500 feet of one of Hamtramck s four mosques can t obtain a liquor license, she complained, a notable development in a place that flouted Prohibition-era laws by openly operating bars. The restrictions could thwart efforts to create an entertainment hub downtown, said the pro-commerce mayor.And while Majewski advocated to allow mosques to issue calls to prayer, she understands why some longtime residents are struggling to adjust to the sound that echos through the city s streets five times each day. There s definitely a strong feeling that Muslims are the other,  she said.  It s about culture, what kind of place Hamtramck will become. There s definitely a fear, and to some degree, I share it. Saad Almasmari, a 28-year-old from Yemen who became the fourth Muslim elected to the six-member city council this month, doesn t understand that fear. I don t know why people keep putting religion into politics,  said Almasmari, who received the highest percentage of votes (22 percent) of any candidate.  When we asked for votes, we didn t ask what their religion was. Hamtramck s exceedingly low home prices and relatively low crime rate have proved especially attractive to new immigrants, whose presence is visible everywhere. Most of the women strolling Joseph Campau Avenue wear hijabs, or headscarves, and niqabs, veils that leave only the area around the eyes open. Many of the markets advertise their wares in Arabic or Bengali, and some display signs telling customers that owners will return shortly   gone to pray, much in the same way Polish businesses once signaled that employees had gone to Mass.Many longtime residents point to 2004 as the year they suspected that the town s culture had shifted irrevocably. It was then that the city council gave permission to al-Islah Islamic Center to broadcast its call to prayer from speakers atop its roof. The Polish people think we were invading them,  said Masud Khan, one of the mosque s leaders, recalling that time in an interview earlier this month.  We were a big threat to their religion and culture. Now their days are gone. The mosque, which attracts about 500 people for its Friday prayer services, has purchased a neighboring vacant limestone building in the heart of the city that once was a furniture store. The mosque s leaders plan to put a minaret   a spire   on the building and use it to continue broadcasting a call to prayer five times a day.The private sale enraged city leaders, including the mayor, who sees the area as key to commercial growth. Mosque leaders estimate that the 20,000-square-foot building will hold up to 2,000 people once the renovation is finished next year.The town s transformation caught Mike Bugaj off guard. When the Hamtramck native left to join the Air Force in 1972, the city was widely referred to as  Little Warsaw.  When he returned from the military in 1995,  the Muslims were here,  said Bugaj, who is of Polish and Native American descent.The new majority Muslim council has Bugaj worried that old traditions, like the Polish festival and Fat Tuesday s paczki day, soon will be wiped away.He and other residents are  concerned about what they would want to change, that they could mistreat women,  said Bugaj, who wore feather earrings and a T-shirt with wolves on it.  Don t come over to America and try to turn people to your way of thinking. Wayne Little, who has been a pastor for nearly 40 years at Corinthian Baptist Church, said many of the city s African American residents are also waiting to see whether the new Muslim-majority city council will represent their interests.  They are clannish and stick together. . . . The jury is out on them.  Little said.The discord intensified in the weeks before the election, beginning when several senior citizens living in an apartment complex complained about the volume of the 6 a.m. call to prayer from a nearby mosque.Susan Dunn, who was on her fifth unsuccessful run for city council, raised the issue before the governing body. I have my own rights, as well,  she said while baking her son s birthday cake in her kitchen.  I m not a hater. It wasn t a calculated move.  At one point as she spoke, a mosque close to Dunn s house began broadcasting the call to prayer.  You try reading a book in your back yard while your dog is barking to that,  Dunn said, clearly exasperated. Via: Creeping Sharia",0
14892,"TEFLON DON: “You Bet Your Ass” I’d Approve Waterboarding, “If It Doesn’t Work, They Deserve It Anyway” [VIDEO]","Teflon Don The media just can t make anything stick to Trump, because he just doesn t care Donald Trump endorsed waterboarding at a rally at a convention center in Ohio on Monday night, saying it is nothing compared to what ISIS does. They chop off our young people s heads and put them on a stick,  Trump said.  They build these iron cages, and they ll put 20 people in them and they drop them in the ocean for 15 minutes and pull them up 15 minutes later. Would I approve waterboarding? You bet your ass I would, Trump said.  And I would approve more than that. Don t kid yourself, folks. It works, okay? It works. Only a stupid person would say it doesn t work. It works,  Trump said.  Only a stupid person would say it doesn t work. Believe me, it works. And you know what? If it doesn t work, they deserve it anyway, for what they re doing. It works. Via: Real Clear Politics",0
14893,FIGHTING TO WIN: Russia Annihilates Dozens Of ISIS Oil Tankers…And Shares The Video With The World,"Once again, Putin reminds our weak and ineffective Commander In Chief what winning a war against terrorists looks like   When US attack planes destroyed 116 ISIS oil trucks on November 16 (allegedly after dropping leaflets warning  innocent  drivers to scatter), it purportedly marked a shift in strategy.  Somehow , the Obama administration had grossly underestimated the proceeds ISIS derives from the illicit oil trade while overestimating the damage US warplanes had inflicted on the group s oil infrastructure.Here is the video from the Russian Defense Ministry:Additionally, Bloomberg suggests the Pentagon routinely declined to take out tanker trucks for fear of collateral damage.  None of these guys are ISIS. We don t feel right vaporizing them, so we have been watching ISIS oil flowing around for a year,  Michael Knights, an Iraq expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy told Bloomberg.There are a couple of things that should jump out at you there. First, it s not exactly clear why it matters that the administration  underestimated  the amount of revenue ISIS derives from oil. That is, the difference between $100 million and $400 million per year would be quite meaningful if you were talking about a corporation here, but this is a terrorist group. Sure, it matters that they re making four times more than you thought when it comes to assessing their operational capabilities (the more money you have, the more you can do), but it shouldn t matter when it comes to formulating a strategy to cripple their ability to produce oil. It s not like you can say  oh, well they re only making $100 million per year, so that s fine.. now if it s $400 million, that s where we ll have to draw the line. Second, since when is the US worried about collateral damage when it comes to taking out  terrorists?  As The Intercept laid bare in a series of recent investigative reports, 90% of those killed in drone strikes aren t the target. It s not as if the CIA isn t aware of that statistic each and every time they pull the trigger on an MQ9 Reaper.So sure, perhaps the US overestimated the effect its airstrikes were having on Islamic State s oil production capabilities and perhaps The Pentagon was concerned with killing innocent truck drivers, but it could also be that, as Sergei Lavrov suggested earlier this week, the US has until now intentionally avoided hitting ISIS where it hurts in order to keep them in the game and ensure they can still be effective at destabilizing Assad. If you cut off the oil trade, they lose the ability to battle the regime.In any event, there are other pressing questions about ISIS and oil and we encourage you to read more in  The Most Important Question About ISIS That Nobody Is Asking,  but for now, we turn to Russia and The Kremlin s efforts to dent Bakr al-Baghdadi s wallet.According to Russian General Staff spokesman Colonel General Andrey Kartapolov,  around 500 fuel tanker vehicles transporting illegal oil from Syria to Iraq for processing have been destroyed by Russia s Air Forces. In recent years, Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) and other extremist groups have organized the operations of the so-called  pipeline on wheels  on the territories they control,  Kartapolov continued, adding that  in just the first few days, [Russian] aviation has destroyed 500 fuel tanker trucks, which greatly reduced illegal oil export capabilities of the militants and, accordingly, their income from oil smuggling.  Via: Zero Hedge ",0
14894,“Get Out Of Your Trucks And Run Away”…OBAMA’S MILITARY Gives 45 Minute Warning To ISIS Before Bombing Oil Tankers,"Why would any sane person choose to enlist in our military when we don t even have a Commander In Chief who is fighting this war to win?  Last week, in the wake of Russian and US airstrikes on ISIS oil convoys, we asked three important questions:Who are the commodity trading firms that have been so generously buying millions of smuggled oil barrels procured by the Islamic State at massive discounts to market, and then reselling them to other interested parties? In other words, who are the middlemen?Can it possibly be true, as officials now claim, that the Obama administration refrained from bombing Islamic State oil trucks because Washington thought the group was  only  making $100 million per year instead of $400 million?Is it likely, considering how cavalier the US is about collateral damage from drone strikes, that The Pentagon refused to take out Islamic State s revenue stream because the military was afraid of killing a few  innocent  truck drivers who by definition knew they were transporting illegal crude for a terrorist organization?The first question is, for now anyway, unanswerable. As to the second and third, here s what we said:Perhaps the US overestimated the effect its airstrikes were having on Islamic State s oil production capabilities and perhaps The Pentagon was concerned with killing innocent truck drivers, but it could also be that, as Sergei Lavrov suggested earlier this month, the US has until now intentionally avoided hitting ISIS where it hurts in order to keep them in the game and ensure they can still be effective at destabilizing Assad. If you cut off the oil trade, they lose the ability to battle the regime.Whatever the case, it s too late now, because just as Russian airstrikes and the Iranian ground presence forced the US to do something   anything   to prove to the world that America is serious about fighting terrorism, Moscow s targeting of ISIS oil convoys has forced the US to get on board (the Russians are going to hit them anyway, so there s no point in vacillating).American airstrikes reportedly destroyed 116 oil tanker trucks earlier this month and another 280 today in Paris mastermind Abdelhamid Abaaoud s former fiefdom of Deir ez-Zor.Of course the US would hate to catch ISIS off guard risk killing innocent truck drivers, so prior to the November 16 strike, US planes dropped leaflets warning the drivers to  get out of your trucks now, and run away from them.  Here s the leaflet (note the stick figures running for their lives):Here s some commentary from Colonel Steve Warren from Operation Inherent Resolve (delivered at a press conference earlier this month):Early Sunday morning in Al-Bukamal, which is the southern blue circle number two, you see two blue circles there. They both represent Tidal Wave II operations, but we re in the southern one   the one further towards the bottom of your screen, there.In Al-Bukamal, we destroyed 116 tanker trucks, which we believe will reduce ISIL s ability to transport its stolen oil products.This is our first strike against tanker trucks, and to minimize risks to civilians, we conducted a leaflet drop prior to the strike. We did a show of force, by   we had aircraft essentially buzz the trucks at low altitude.So, I do have copy of the leaflet, and I have got some videos, so why don t you pull the leaflet up. Let me take a look at it so I can talk about it.As you can see, it s a fairly simple leaflet, it says,  Get out of your trucks now, and run away from them.  A very simple message.And then, also,  Warning: airstrikes are coming. Oil trucks will be destroyed. Get away from your oil trucks immediately. Do not risk your life. And so, these are the leaflets that we dropped   about 45 minutes before the airstrikes actually began.And here s an amusing bit from the post-presser Q&A:Q: On Bob s question, too, if   if it s so important to cut off the oil shipments, the critical revenue source for ISIS, why did it take so long to take out 116 oil tanker trucks?COL. WARREN: No, that s a great question, Jim. Thanks for asking it.So, a little history on Operation Tidal Wave II. Initially, we, you know, we have been striking oil infrastructure targets since the very beginning of this operation.What we found out was that many of our strikes were only minimally effective. We would strike pieces of the oil infrastructure that were easily repaired.When we came to that realization, we conducted some more study   I think I talked about this last week, a little bit   we conducted some more study, and determined how to better strike the oil infrastructure itself, different pieces of the system.During the course of that study, we also determined that part of the illicit oil system, from the oil coming out of the ground at a   at a pump head, to the end of that chain, which is the distribution network.So, this is a decision that we had to make. We have not struck these trucks before. We assessed that these trucks, while although they are being used for operations that support ISIL, the truck drivers, themselves, probably not members of ISIL; they re probably just civilians. So we had to figure out a way around that. We re not in this business to kill civilians, we re in this business to stop ISIL   to defeat ISIL.So basically, it took the US 13 months to figure out that the best way to cripple Islamic State s oil trade was to bomb   the oil.To the extent that occurred to anyone previously, the idea was dismissed because the truck drivers are  probably not members of ISIL.  Well then who are they? Sure, they may not be suiting up in all black and firing RPGs at Toyota Corollas packed with  spies  for a propaganda video, but it s not like they don t know who they re working for.Also, as mentioned above, the US hasn t exactly been shy about engaging targets even when there are women, children, and bedridden hospital patients in the vicinity so it s hard to imagine that anyone at the Pentagon was worried about Islamic State s truck drivers.Whatever the case, the US is apprently set to give ISIS a 45 minute heads up when The Pentagon plans to bomb an oil convoy which we suppose makes sense.It s the least the CIA can do for an old friend. Via: Zero Hedge",0
14895,TRUMP WARNS GOP ESTABLISHMENT AGAINST Pooling PAC Money To Take Him Out…,"Nothing is more repulsive than PAC representing Gov. John Kasich, who is polling at almost negative numbers, working to take down the GOP frontrunner. Doesn t it seem kinda futile to attempt a take down of the GOP frontrunner if their candidate has had several opportunities to do so himself on the debate stage and failed miserably? Watch for a YUGE backlash against the GOP establishment in 5 4 3 2 1 One has to wonder if the GOP establishment has anything to do with this coordinated effort to take out Trump? And if they do, is this really about Kasich or is it about keeping Rubio and Bush in the game? Donald Trump s presidential campaign warned the Republican Party on Tuesday about donors pooling funds for attack ads, saying Republicans must treat him fairly if they want to keep him from launching an independent bid.Trump lawyer Michael Cohen told CNN that if Republican donors backing different presidential candidates come together for an anti-Trump advertising campaign, it would be a  bad, bad decision. The Super PAC planning the attack is New Day for America, which is supporting Ohio Governor John Kasich s presidential bid. Its spokesman, Matt David, said on Sunday that 10 new donors had pledged money since Thursday when Politico reported the group s plans to attack Trump in New Hampshire.Trump signed a pledge to run as a Republican in the 2016 presidential election, but Cohen indicated the agreement would be invalid if Republicans target the billionaire real estate mogul. If they treat him fairly, he will honor the pledge because he s an honorable guy. If they break that agreement with him, as they say  woe be on them,'  Cohen told CNN.Cohen said the Republican Party may claim it has no control over Super PAC activities. But he insisted Republican National Committee (RNC) Chairman Reince Priebus has an obligation to treat Trump fairly. If they don t, this will be a very, very bad thing for the Republican Party,  Cohen said.RNC representatives did not immediately respond to requests for comment.Trump is leading in polls of Republican primary voters both nationwide and in early voting states like Iowa and New Hampshire. His numbers have risen despite criticism about his business record and backlash from his contentious statements about immigrants and Muslims, among other things.Via: Reuters",0
14896,UNBELIEVABLE: OBAMA Stands Firm On Taking Random Refugees…Leaves Targeted Iraq And Afghan Interpreters Who Helped U.S. Troops Behind,"This isn t the first time Obama left an important figure behind in our war on terror. Remember Pakistani, Dr. Shakil Afridi who helped us to locate Osama Bin Laden, and was left behind to fend for himself? Today, Afridi is in solitary confinement at Peshawar Central Prison, a fortified red-brick remnant of Britain s colonial rule that is crammed with more than 2,000 inmates, ranging from petty thieves to Taliban assassins.Sami Kazikhani once risked his life serving alongside U.S. Marines in Afghanistan, but now he, his wife and their young daughter find themselves sleeping in refugee camps and the unfamiliar streets of Europe as they desperately seek a new life in America.Marked for death in his homeland after being outed as a  collaborator  in a dramatic incident at a family wedding, Kazikhani, who was lauded by Marines he once served, was forced to flee last year even while he was applying for safe passage to the U.S. with his wife Yasmiin and infant daughter Roxanna under a special visa program designed for those who served our troops. With tribal elders ordering his death, Kazikhani fled first to Turkey, then made the dangerous trip across the Aegean Sea just weeks ago after being ordered out of Turkey. The trip was horrible,  Kazikhani, 30, told FoxNews.com from Germany, where he and his family are living with thousands of refugees.  We nearly drowned. We saw others who drowned. We were saved three times. Every time we had to jump into the boat with my daughter, I was sad. It made me cry. The only thing I ask is that they don t let me down,  he added.  That they give me the chance to do more for my new home.  Sami KazikhaniOnce in Greece, the family wandered north, sleeping on streets, along railroad tracks and in squalid refugee camps, he said. Everywhere we went, it was no good for us,  Kazikhani said.  Greece, Macedonia, Serbia. They all began to deport Afghans. Sami Kazikani once risked his life serving alongside U.S. Marines in Afghanistan, but now he, his wife and their young daughter find themselves homeless in Europe.Now in Germany, Kazikhani awaits an asylum hearing on Dec. 4 that would allow him to live there, but fears the worst. I feared for my life in Afghanistan, but now I m more afraid of being deported without even knowing what is what,  he said.His supporters say he has more than earned a place in America for himself and his family. All coalition allies offer special visas for interpreters in Iraq and Afghanistan who served their troops, but the U.S. process is fraught with paperwork that can turn bureaucratic snarls into life and death for Afghans accused of being traitors and now actively hunted down by the Taliban, ISIS and Al Qaeda. Everywhere we went; it was no good for us. Greece. Macedonia. Serbia. They all began to deport Afghans,  Kazikani recently said to FoxNews.com. (Aaron and Marion Fleming) I became a translator because I wanted to serve my country and because I was able to speak English,  Kazikhani told FoxNews.com in an interview conducted via Facebook Messenger.  I thought I could also be helpful to the coalition forces as well. But there were many who absolutely did not like the people who worked with NATO,  he said.  Especially interpreters. One former Marine who served shoulder-to-shoulder with Kazikhani is trying to make sure the U.S. pays its debt to Kazikhani. All we are trying to get for him is a verification of employment so we can finish the visa process, but the [U.S.] government is not doing anything,  said former Marine counter-intelligence officer Aaron Fleming, who worked with Kazikhani in Afghanistan and praised his commitment to American troops.Fleming is working with No One Left Behind,, a nonprofit founded by Matt Zeller, a former U.S. Army Intelligence officer who fought to bring to the U.S. a translator who saved his life in Afghanistan. He worries that Kazikhani may not even be safe in refugee camps.Via: FOX News",0
14897,"DEMOCRAT CONGRESSWOMAN Who Served Two Tours In Iraq Hammers Obama: Should Stop Illegal, Counter-Productive War In Syria, Potential For WWIII [VIDEO]","Congresswoman Gabbard also criticizes Hillary s strategy. Is it possible we re hearing a Democrat who s actually making sense? Hmmm .this is gonna leave a mark Last month, US Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard went on CNN and laid bare Washington s Syria strategy.In a remarkably candid interview with Wolf Blitzer, Gabbard calls Washington s effort to oust Assad  counterproductive  and  illegal  before taking it a step further and accusing the CIA of arming the very same terrorists who The White House insists are  sworn enemies. In short, Gabbard all but tells the American public that the government is lying to them and may end up inadvertently starting  World War III. For those who missed it, here s the clip:https://youtu.be/IHkher6ceaAThat was before Paris.Well, in the wake of the attacks, Gabbard has apparently had just about enough of Washington vacillating in the fight against terror just so the US can ensure that ISIS continues to destabilize Assad and now, with bi-partisan support, the brazen Hawaii Democrat has introduced legislation to end the  illegal war  to overthrow Assad.Gabbard, who fought in Iraq   twice   has partnered with Republican Adam Scott on the bill. Here s AP:In an unusual alliance, a House Democrat and Republican have teamed up to urge the Obama administration to stop trying to overthrow Syrian President Bashar Assad and focus all its efforts on destroying Islamic State militants.Reps. Tulsi Gabbard, a Democrat, and Austin Scott, a Republican, introduced legislation on Friday to end what they called an  illegal war  to overthrow Assad, the leader of Syria accused of killing tens of thousands of Syrian citizens in a more than four-year-old civil war entangled in a battle against IS extremists, also known as ISIS. The U.S. is waging two wars in Syria,  Gabbard said.  The first is the war against ISIS and other Islamic extremists, which Congress authorized after the terrorist attack on 9/11. The second war is the illegal war to overthrow the Syrian government of Assad. Scott said,  Working to remove Assad at this stage is counter-productive to what I believe our primary mission should be. Since 2013, the CIA has trained an estimated 10,000 fighters, although the number still fighting with so-called moderate forces is unclear. CIA-backed rebels in Syria, who had begun to put serious pressure on Assad s forces, are now under Russian bombardment with little prospect of rescue by their American patrons, U.S. officials say.For years, the CIA effort had foundered   so much so that over the summer, some in Congress proposed cutting its budget. Some CIA-supported rebels had been captured; others had defected to extremist groups.Gabbard complained that Congress has never authorized the CIA effort, though covert programs do not require congressional approval, and the program has been briefed to the intelligence committees as required by law, according to congressional aides who are not authorized to be quoted discussing the matter.Gabbard contends the effort to overthrow Assad is counter-productive because it is helping IS topple the Syrian leader and take control of all of Syria. If IS were able to seize the Syrian military s weaponry, infrastructure and hardware, the group would become even more dangerous than it is now and exacerbate the refugee crisis. And make no mistake, Tulsi s understanding of Washington s absurd Mid-East policy goes far beyond Syria. That is, Gabbard fully grasps the big picture as well. Here s what she has to say about the idea that the US should everywhere and always attempt to overthrow regimes when human rights groups claim there s evidence of oppression: People said the very same thing about Saddam (Hussein), the very same thing about (Moammar) Gadhafi, the results of those two failed efforts of regime change and the following nation-building have been absolute, not only have they been failures, but they ve actually worked to strengthen our enemy.  Somebody get Langley on the phone, this woman must be stopped.Here s Gabbard speaking to CNN this week about Assad: So there s hope for the US public after all.Perhaps if the clueless masses won t listen to  lunatic  fringe blogs or Sergei Lavrov, they ll listen to a US Congresswoman who served two tours of duty in Iraq and who is now telling Americans that The White House, The Pentagon, and most especially the CIA are together engaged in an  illegal  effort to overthrow the government of a sovereign country and in the process are arming the very same extremists that are attacking civilians in places like Paris.Good luck Tulsi, and thanks for proving that there s at least one person inside that Beltway that isn t either dishonest or naive.Via: Zero HedgeFrom Gabbard Here are 10 reasons the U.S. must end its war to overthrow the Syrian government of Assad:Because if we succeed in overthrowing the Syrian government of Assad, it will open the door for ISIS, al-Qaeda, and other Islamic extremists to take over all of Syria. There will be genocide and suffering on a scale beyond our imagination. These Islamic extremists will take over all the weaponry, infrastructure, and military hardware of the Syrian army and be more dangerous than ever before. We should not be allying ourselves with these Islamic extremists by helping them achieve their goal because it is against the security interests of the United States and all of civilization. Because the money and weapons the CIA is providing to overthrow the Syrian government of Assad are going directly or indirectly into the hands of the Islamic extremist groups, including al-Qaeda affiliates, al-Nusra, Ahrar al-Sham, and others who are the actual enemies of the United States. These groups make up close to 90 percent of the so-called opposition forces, and are the most dominant fighters on the ground. Because our efforts to overthrow Assad has increased and will continue to increase the strength of ISIS and other Islamic extremists, thus making them a bigger regional and global threat. Because this war has exacerbated the chaos and carnage in Syria and, along with the terror inflicted by ISIS and other Islamic extremist groups fighting to take over Syria, continues to increase the number of Syrians forced to flee their country. Because we should learn from our past mistakes in Iraq and Libya that U.S. wars to overthrow secular dictators (Saddam Hussein and Muammar Gaddafi) cause even more chaos and human suffering and open the door for Islamic extremists to take over in those countries. Because the U.S. has no credible government or government leader ready to bring order, security, and freedom to the people of Syria. Because even the  best case  scenario that the U.S. successfully overthrows the Syrian government of Assad would obligate the United States to spend trillions of dollars and the lives of American service members in the futile effort to create a new Syria. This is what we have been trying to do in Iraq for twelve years, and we still have not succeeded. The situation in Syria will be much more difficult than in Iraq. Because our war against the Syrian government of Assad is interfering with our being one-pointedly focused on the war to defeat ISIS, Al-Qaeda, and the other Islamic extremists who are our actual enemy. Because our war to overthrow the Assad government puts us in direct conflict with Russia and increases the likelihood of war between the United States and Russia and the possibility of another world war. ",0
14898,MEET THE TRUMPS: In Case You Missed It….Here’s Barbara Walters Exclusive Interview With The Trumps [VIDEO],"Even Barbara Walters, a master manipulator of popular opinion, is unable to find a weakness in Donald s seemingly impenetrable armor. To date, there hasn t been a single leftist hack who s been able to achieve the liberal dream of being  the one  who took him down. But then again, you can t blame a Democrat operative for trying .Here is the one-on-one interview with Donald and Barbara where Donald explains why he chose to finally run for President in 2016:Part two gives America a glimpse into Donald s personal life, including candid interviews with his wife and children: ",0
14899,WOW! OBAMA MEDIA ALLY EXPOSES HUGE LIE: Why Obama Regime “Cooked” Intel On ISIS [VIDEO],"President Obama on ISIS: They re  a bunch of killers with good social media. They are dangerous and they ve caused great hardship to   an overwhelming majority of people.  Really Barry?  They ve caused a great hardship?  When someone you love has their head chopped off, or they re burned alive, or nailed to a cross and tortured, or when one of your young daughters is raped repeatedly and then taken away in a cage to be sold to the highest bidding Muslim pedophile as a sex slave do you call that a  hardship?  Because the rest of America calls it an evil that needs to be exterminated. And guess what Barry? We hired you to protect and defend the citizens of the United States from all enemies, foreign and domestic. We didn t hire you to start a war within our own country by manipulating our young sons and daughters in colleges and universities across America. Where did you get the idea that your top priority as our Commander in Chief was to divide our nation down lines of race and social class? Even the mainstream media is not going to sit back and allow you to lie about our enemies or skew intelligence to hide the fact you are a weak and incompetent leader. The idea that the NYT s would actually expose your lies makes us fear that the situation is even worse than what is being reported.Richard Haas, an American diplomat and president of the Council on Foreign Relations, said on Monday there are serious implications if a recent New York Times report suggesting the Obama administration  cooked  intel on the Islamic State turns out to be true. I hope it s not true. I hope it s not true,  Haas said.  The principle requirement of intelligence analysts is to speak truth to power. It s not to make them comfortable, it s to make them smart and aware. He continued,  If it is true, it d be very interesting to know exactly where the pressure is coming from because it s corrosive. It means you can t then trust what policy is based on. So it is truly, truly a bad thing if, again, it is true.  Via: The BlazeMore from the New York Times report:The Pentagon s inspector general is investigating allegations that military officials have skewed intelligence assessments about the United States-led campaign in Iraq against the Islamic State to provide a more optimistic account of progress, according to several officials familiar with the inquiry.The investigation began after at least one civilian Defense Intelligence Agency analyst told the authorities that he had evidence that officials at United States Central Command   the military headquarters overseeing the American bombing campaign and other efforts against the Islamic State   were improperly reworking the conclusions of intelligence assessments prepared for policy makers, including President Obama, the government officials said.Fuller details of the claims were not available, including when the assessments were said to have been altered and who at Central Command, or Centcom, the analyst said was responsible. The officials, speaking only on the condition of anonymity about classified matters, said that the recently opened investigation focused on whether military officials had changed the conclusions of draft intelligence assessments during a review process and then passed them on.Haas also criticized the White House for downplaying the challenge of defeating the Islamic State in the face of the deadly Paris terrorist attacks.",0
14900,SNIVELING COWARDS AT CNN Caught Editing Trump Tape With “Muslim” Comments [VIDEO],"If the Republican Party really cared about winning this race, they d cancel the upcoming debate with CNN. The only logical reason for the GOP establishment to agree to allow CNN to host the next debate would be if they were working behind the scenes with CNN to take Trump out. But the RNC wouldn t do that would they? Left-wing cable news network CNN has been caught red-handed selectively editing Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump s comments about a  Muslim registry,  and doing so in order to make it sound as though he is agreeing to this registry. He is not.The edited video is yet another lying log on the left-wing garbage fire that is CNN, and yet in just three weeks, this very same garbage fire is hosting the next Republican presidential debate!What exactly does CNN have to do in order to lose its right to depose these candidates for two hours in front of the whole world? If CNN is already maliciously editing video to  take out  out the frontrunner, I don t even want to speculate.Courtesy of Gateway Pundit, watch the CNN video. Pay special attention to the sneaky edit just before Trump says  absolutely :The left-wing liars at CNN have intentionally edited the video to make it look as though Trump said  absolutely  to a Muslim registry. What CNN edited out is in bold:Reporter: Should there be a database system that tracks Muslims who are in this country?Trump: There should be a lot of systems, beyond databases. We should have a lot of systems, and today you can do it. But right now we need to have a border, we have to have strength, we have to have a wall, and we cannot let what s happening to this country happen any longer.Reporter: Is that something your White House would like to implement?Donald Trump: I would certainly implement that. Absolutely.Trump s  absolutely  is clearly in reference to strengthening the border. Look at the whole transcript. When the NBC News reporter asks,  Is that something your White House would like to implement?,  Trump has just talked about fortifying the border and obviously believes that is what the NBC reporter is referring to.CNN edited that out!It is time for Reince Priebus and the Republican Party to stand up these left-wing hit squads disguising themselves as journalists.CNN should not be allowed within a country mile of a GOP debate.How many more warning signs does the Republican Party need to realize that this is a suicide mission?Do we want to win in 2016, or not?Via: Breitbart News",0
14901,Trump Says He’ll Bring Back Controversial Interrogation Tactic: “It’s peanuts compared to what they do to us” [VIDEO],"We reported about Trump making similar comments back in August HERE. More than ever, America desires a leader who will keep our nation safe. While the leftist media cringes at just about everything Trump says, his poll numbers continue to climb. Maybe it s not really a mystery why Trump is doing so well in the polls Maybe America is just 100% Fed Up with a weakling in the White House who doesn t appear to have our best interests at heart and we re looking for someone who is actually interested in winning the war on terror Sunday on ABC s  This Week,  Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said he would bring back waterboarding as an interrogation technique because he said,  I think waterboarding is peanuts compared to what they re doing us. When asked about a Muslim database Trump explained,  I want a database for the refugees that if they come into the country. We have no idea who these people are when the Syrian refugees start pouring into this country. We don t know if it s ISIS. I definitely want a database and other checks and balances. We have no idea who s being sent in here. It could be the great Trojan Horse of all time. when they come in. When I look at the migration and the lines and I see all strong, very powerful looking men, they re men, very few women and children, There s something strange going on. When asked if we should bring back enhanced interrogation like waterboarding Trump said,  We have to be strong. They don t use waterboarding, they used chopping off peoples heads. They use drowning people. I don t know if you have seen with the cages, where they put people in cages and they drown them in the ocean and they lift out the cage, and we are taking about waterboarding   I would bring it back, yes, I would bring it back. I think waterboarding is peanuts compared to what they re doing us. What they did to James Foley, when they chopped off his head. That s a whole different level. I would absolutely bring back interrogation and strong interrogation. Via: Breitbart News",0
14902,WOW! DEMOCRATS Offer Tips On How To Convince Friends Christians Are More Likely To Commit Acts Of Terrorism Than Muslims,"When we found this insane article on the Occupy Democrats website, it had over 500,000 shares. Obviously, making the case against Christians being more likely to commit terrorism while defending terrorism by Muslims is of utmost interest to the Democrat party. We have gone through each and every example of Christian  terrorism  they have given and dispelled every single one of them. Please make sure you share this article with everyone you know. We are in an emotional propaganda war with the Left and we will not win if we don t fight back with the facts. The outpouring of blatant Islamophobia and barely disguised racism coming from the right-wing in the wake of the Paris attacks is utterly despicable. Every time one of these attacks happen, conservatives insist on blaming the world s 1.6 billion Muslims for their complicity, even though the majority of terrorist attacks are carried out against Muslim. American far right-wingers like Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) are calling for religious profiling of incoming refugees, because somehow being a Christian automatically removes the risk of terrorism   even though Christian right-wing terrorists in America have killed more people since 9/11 than Muslim terrorists have.Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee even had the sheer gall to tell conservative blowhard Joe Scarborough that  I don t know of any other group of people uniquely that are targeting innocent civilians and committing these acts of mayhem.  Warmonger (from the party who has kept us at war with the same countries we were fighting with, and added a few since Obama took office) and avowed (avowed?) bigot (bigot?) Ted Cruz said that  there is no meaningful risk of Christians committing acts of terror. If there were a group of radical Christians pledging to murder anyone who had a different religious view than they, we would have a different national security situation.  Since both grifters seem to have severe selective memory problems, let s take a look at the worst Christian terrorist attacks that our own citizens have perpetrated within our borders.1. The Knoxville Unitarian Universalist Church ShootingOne of Adkisson s former wives was a member of the church he attacked. Following his heinous attack of the church members, he had this to say about the attack in his manifesto (Please note, there is never any mention of RELIGION in his reasoning for the attack. His attack was about punishing Democrats (liberals) for destroying America: Adkisson stated that he had targeted the church because of its liberal teachings and his belief that all liberals should be killed because they were ruining the country, and that he felt that the Democrats had tied his country s hands in the war on terror and they had ruined every institution in America with the aid of major media outlets. Adkisson made statements that because he could not get to the leaders of the liberal movement that he would then target those that had voted them into office. Adkisson stated that he had held these beliefs for about the last ten years. Adkisson s manifesto[10] also cited the inability to find a job, and that his food stamps were being cut. Here is a screen shot of his manifesto listing all 3 reasons he committed this horrible crime against innocent people. We are not condoning his behavior, we are simply exposing the lies of this Democrat publication who would attempt to frame this act of violence as being motivated by Christianity:Jim David Adkisson, a devout Christian and anti-abortion right-winger, walked into a Knoxville church on July 27th, 2008, and began firing a shotgun at children who were performing Annie Jr. He killed two and wounded seven, targeting  the church because of its liberal teachings and his belief that all liberals should be killed because they were ruining the country. 2. The Campaign of Terror Against Abortion DoctorsThis article references the well-known case of abortionist killer, Scott Roeder. We d like to set the record straight about how desire to take the life of abortionist, George Tiller was really about workplace violence and had NOTHING to do with Christianity.Abortion lovers were clearly salivating when word got out that a man walked into George  Tiller The Killer s  former abortion facility with a bomb in his backpack earlier this week. It turns out that, in fact, the guy was looking for a job, like so many Americans under Obamistake. He wanted to be a canvasser for Live Fetal Organ Dispensary Inc., otherwise known as Planned Parenthood.The media-reported bomb was, in fact, a pill bottle-sized firework. No one was harmed, thank God, but the incident is just one of a too-long string of MSM bigotry against conservatives.In 1993, Dr. Richard Gunn was shot dead by an anti-abortion protester. In 1994, Drs. John Britton and James Barrett were shot to death by Reverend Paul Jennings. In 1998, Dr. Barnett Sleipan was shot dead in his home by a Christian terrorist. In 2009, Dr. George Tiller was shot by Scott Roeder in a church. The ability for Christian right-wingers to justify cold-blooded murder in the name of their pro-life beliefs is a colossal hypocrisy worthy of a terrorist group like ISIS. According to the National Abortion Federation, there have been 17 attempted murders, 383 death threats, 153 incidents of assault or battery, 13 wounded, 100 butyric acid attacks, 373 physical invasions, 41 bombings, 655 anthrax threats, and 3 kidnappings committed against abortion providers since 1977. Terrorist groups like the Taliban and ISIS are very fond of acid attacks and chemical weapons like anthrax; apparently Christian right-wing terrorists share that same preference.3. The 1995 Oklahoma City Bombings(Note, there is no mention of Christianity in McVeigh s explanation of why he bombed the Murrah Fed Building.)In Timothy McVeigh s own words:I explain herein why I bombed the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. I explain this not for publicity, nor seeking to win and argument of right or wrong. I explain so that the record is clear as to my thinking and motivations in bombing a government installation. I chose to bomb a federal building because such an action served more purposes than other options. Foremost, the bombing was a retaliatory strike; a counter attack, for the cumulative raids (and subsequent violence and damage) that federal agents had participated in over the preceding years (including, but not limited to, Waco.) From the formation of such units as the FBI s  Hostage Rescue  and other assault teams amongst federal agencies during the  80 s; culminating in the Waco incident, federal actions grew increasingly militaristic and violent, to the point where at Waco, our government   like the Chinese   was deploying tanks against its own citizens.Knowledge of these multiple and ever-more aggressive raids across the country constituted an identifiable pattern of conduct within and by the federal government and amongst its various agencies. (see enclosed) For all intents and purposes, federal agents had become  soldiers  (using military training, tactics, techniques, equipment, language, dress, organization, and mindset) and they were escalating their behavior. Therefore, this bombing was also meant as a pre-emptive (or pro-active) strike against these forces and their command and control centers within the federal building. When an aggressor force continually launches attacks from a particular base of operation, it is sound military strategy to take the fight to the enemy.Additionally, borrowing a page from U.S. foreign policy, I decided to send a message to a government that was becoming increasingly hostile, by bombing a government building and the government employees within that building who represent that government. Bombing the Murrah Federal Building was morally and strategically equivalent to the U.S. hitting a government building in Serbia, Iraq, or other nations. (see enclosed) Based on observations of the policies of my own government, I viewed this action as an acceptable option. From this perspective, what occurred in Oklahoma City was no different than what Americans rain on the heads of others all the time, and subsequently, my mindset was and is one of the clinical detachment. (the bombing of the Murrah building was not personal , no more than when Air Force, Army, Navy, or Marine personnel bomb or launch cruise missiles against government installations and their personnel.)I hope that this clarification amply addresses your question.Sincerely,  Timothy J. McVeigh  USP Terre Haute (IN)Timothy McVeigh, America s most notorious domestic terrorist, was obsessed with the Seventh-Day Aventist splinter group known as the Branch Davidians, who resisted an ATF raid on their citadel at Mount Carmel in 1993. He travelled to Waco, Texas during the Waco Siege and heavily supported the religious extremists within it. Two years later, he detonated a fertilizer bomb at the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, killing a hundred and sixty-eight people, including nineteen children, and wounded 648 others. This Christian specifically targeted innocent civilians and committed horrific acts of violence to make his political point heard   something Mr. Huckabee believes he should be incapable of, since he s not a Muslim.4. Everything The Ku Klux Klan Has Ever Done(The KKK was not founded on Christian principles and actually changed their focus in the second wave of the KKK to addressing the supposed threat of the Catholic Church, using anti-Catholicism and nativism. Its appeal was directed exclusively at white Protestants; it opposed Jews, blacks, Catholics, and newly arriving Southern European groups such as Italians.)Since its creation after the American Civil War, the Ku Klux Klan has been terrorizing Americans in the name of Protestantism and racial purity. Known for their terrifying costumes and hoods, they wrought have fear and violence against blacks, Jews, immigrants, gays, and Catholics for hundreds of years, responsible for countless massacres, lynchings, rapes, and bombings that have killed thousands. In the modern day, it still has a membership of 5,000 to 8,000 terrorists that operate in individual chapters. Just two weeks ago, Frazier Glenn Cross, the leader of the Carolina Knights of the KKK, was sentenced to death by lethal injection for murdering a fourteen year old girl and two seniors outside the Overland Park Jewish Community Center in Kansas City. The man gave the Hitler salute during his trial and declared that  Jews are destroying the white race.  None of his victims were Jewish.5. The Massacre At Zion Emmanuel AME Church in Charleston, S.C.(Maybe we missed it, but as far as we can tell, this attack had nothing to do with the attacker being a Christian. Liberal logic however, makes it okay to blame this heinous act on Christianity even though the VICTIMS were the CHRISTIANS in this case.)On Wednesday, June 17th of this year, a man rose from a pew in the historically black Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, SC, and opened fire with a .45 caliber pistol, killing nine worshipers, including pastor and State Senator Clementa Pickiney. The shooter has been photographed wearing patches representing the racist apartheid regimes in Southwest Africa, had a Confederate license plate on his vehicle. All signs points to this being a hate crime- not only is it the oldest black church in the South, it was a symbol of resistance against slavery, and a survivor reported that the shooter yelled  I have to do it. You rape our women and you re taking over our country. And you have to go.  Roof was a member of a local Lutheran church, yet somehow his baptism didn t prevent him from gunning down innocent people in a house of worship, defiling a sacred place with hate and murder.So the next time one of your conservative friends tries to  school  you on the  evils of Islam,  just name a couple items from this list. The rampant xenophobia that has taken hold of the Republican Party is an affront to everything this nation stands for. Terrorism spawns from the desperation of humankind, and for that, we are all guilty.The original article was published by Occupy Democrats on November 17, 2015 and is titled:  The Top Five Attacks On America Committed By Christian Terrorists, Not Muslims ",0
14903,Three Ways We React To ISIS That Plays Right Into Their Hands [VIDEO],"This is a very interesting article and worth taking the time to read all the way through The Islamic State believes it can use its enemies  hands for its own agenda. Its propaganda material and its supporters  social media activity have made it apparent there are three key reactions ISIS is hoping U.S. policymakers, media broadcasters and citizens will have.You can watch Clarion Project national security analyst Ryan Mauro discuss two of these reactions on  Kennedy  on FOX Business Network:The first reaction ISIS is hoping for is the Western media facilitating its narrative of success, which is one of the biggest reasons for the terror organization s rapid expansion. Battlefield achievements make the group more attractive to jihadists and are seen as proof of Allah s endorsement.ISIS wants headlines like those about the Paris attacks; its bombing of the Russian airliner; the cancelled soccer game in Germany and the stabbing of a Jewish schoolteacher in France by ISIS supporters. It doesn t want headlines about how the U.S. killed  Jihadi John  in Syria and the leader of its affiliate in Libya; how it lost Sinjar and Beiji in Iraq or how U.S.-backed rebels in Syria are finally having success in pushing back ISIS.Many people in the region immediately tweeted the Paris attacks would not distract from these losses. Their smack-talk to ISIS was based on a valid and important point. They did want not the media to limit its coverage to ISIS  success, but to include broader context that provides more accurate coverage that doesn t play into ISIS  hands.The second response sought by ISIS is a vicious anti-Muslim backlash in Europe and the U.S. that the group believes will win them supporters. Online supporters of ISIS are open about how they hope a clash will divide Muslims into two camps: The pro-ISIS jihadists versus the pro-Western  apostates.  The group thinks there is currently a middle ground that can be radicalized and won to its side.The third response is the deployment of U.S. troops for a major ground war in Iraq and Syria; one where U.S. troops seize and hold territory and meet ISIS in the battlefield instead of just carrying out raids and training and advising Iraqi, Syrian and Kurdish partners.A focal point of ISIS  apocalyptic vision rooted in Islamic prophecy is that  Roman  armies American and European will invade Iraq and Syria and engage in a bloody battle. ISIS hopes the apparent fulfillment of prophecy will activate millions of ISIS supporters who have not yet picked up a gun.The opportunity to target U.S. troops has greater appeal in the bigger jihadist world and any documented capturing, injuring or killing of a U.S. serviceman has tremendous propaganda value. There are many risks that come with deploying U.S. combat troops for a major offensive. American President Barack Obama rejected the option after the Paris attacks and explained part of his reasoning: [It is] not because our military could not march into Mosul or Raqqa or Ramadi and temporarily clear out ISIL, but because we would see a repetition of what we ve seen before, which is if you do not have local populations that are committing to inclusive governance and who are pushing back against ideological extremes, that they resurface, unless we re prepared to have a permanent occupation of these countries. Via: Clarion Project",0
14904,Why Would Obama Regime Allow 23 Jihad Training Camps “Capable Of Mounting Terror Campaigns Within U.S.” To Remain Open?,"In normal times, Americans would demand these jihad compounds be shut down. But we re not living in  normal times.  Americans have been bullied into submission by the leftist shame police. We ve been told we re  racists  and  Islamophobes  for even suggesting Islamic terrorists have any ties to Islam. Our government tells us,  If you see something, say something.  But beware of the wrath of the Left if you  say something  against someone who happens to be part of the  protected victim class. If the fact that there are 23 jihad training camps within U.S. borders isn t frightening enough, the fact that president Barack Obama has done absolutely nothing about them should be.According to a document released by the Clarion Project, 23 confirmed terrorist Jihad compounds belonging to Jamaat ul-Fuqra, a Pakastan Muslim Brotherhood and Al Qaeda-related organization, were operating within our own borders.The group of Muslims of America (MOA) are documented to have a connection to terrorism with training inside the United States. There was a 2002 unsolved murder at one of these compounds in Texas. When the Clarion Project obtained the 2007 FBI document detailing the Texas Enclave of MOA, what they found was deeply disturbing.The organization says it has a network of 22  villages  around the U.S., with Islamberg as its main headquarters in New York. TheClarion Project obtained secret MOA footage showing female members receiving paramilitary training at Islamberg. It was featured on the Kelly File on FOX News Channel in October. A second MOA tape released by Clarion shows its spokesman declaring the U.S. to be a Muslim-majority country.A 2007 FBI record states that MOA members have been involved in at least 10 murders, one disappearance, three firebombings, one attempted firebombing, two explosive bombings and one attempted bombing.It states: The MOA is now an autonomous organization which possesses an infrastructure capable of planning and mounting terrorist campaigns overseas and within the U.S. The documented propensity for violence by this organization supports the belief the leadership of the MOA extols membership to pursue a policy of jihad or holy war against individuals or groups it considers enemies of Islam, which includes the U.S. Government. Members of the MOA are encouraged to travel to Pakistan to receive religious and military/terrorist training from Sheikh Gilani. The document also says that,  The MOA is now an autonomous organization which possesses an infrastructure capable of planning and mounting terrorist campaigns overseas and within the U.S.  ~Clarion ProjectJamaat ul-Fuqra is known to be an extremely militant group of international terrorists. The compounds allaegedly provide paramilitary training to new recruits for jihad against America.The document also claimed that Jamaat ul-Fuqra was an  autonomous organization which possesses an infrastructure capable of planning and mounting terrorist campaigns overseas and within the U.S. This document was obtained in 2007, but still nothing has been done about these compounds or their activities.If you re wondering why, the answer lies with our very own president and Department of Homeland Security, which refuse to classify Jamaat ul-Fuqra as a foreign terrorist organization   even though plenty of evidence proving they are terrorists reportedly exists.The fact that Obama has done nothing to stop these groups only reinforces the notion that he chooses to support Muslim interests over American interests, and that is disturbing in every way.What kind of president allows this kind of training to happen in his own backyard?This is as good a reason as any for Americans to exercise their Second Amendment rights. If our president is more worried about being politically correct than he is the safety of our country, then the people deserve the right to defend themselves.Via: Conservative Tribune ",0
14905,A Pandering Hillary Clinton Breaks Out Her Phony Southern Accent At Memphis Rally [Video],"She s just like one of you Ha! Hillary Clinton breaks out the very phony Southern accent during a speech in Memphis. This always cracks me up because I m from the South and we can spot a phony a mile away. Pandering to her base is what Clinton does best. Just like Obama, she plays to the crowd she s speaking to by adopting their accent or acting like she s just one of them. This folksy style is cringe inducing for anyone with half a brain but she IS speaking to a group of Democrats soooooo  ",0
14906,YALE Will Tack New Fee Onto Already Outrageous Tuition Costs To Help Fight Phony Climate Change,"It s amazing the sheep mentality of students attending a school that should be promoting individual thought and encouraging students to not buy into propaganda without first exploring the facts.The price of carbon dioxide emissions could be the next thing to drive up the cost of a university education, as Ivy Leaguers at Yale plan to set precedent by becoming the first school in the U.S. to enact a campus-wide  carbon charge  after signing a pledge at the White House earlier this week.More than 200 universities attended a White House climate change summit Thursday to sign a pledge on taking steps to transition to a low-carbon economy and reduce the effects of global warming. Many scientists blame greenhouse gas emissions, primarily carbon dioxide, for raising the Earth s temperature, causing more severe weather, droughts and coastal flooding.President Obama has been enlisting academic institutions and businesses to reduce their carbon emissions in the runup to a major United Nations climate conference in Paris Nov. 30. Obama intends to agree to a deal there that would commit the U.S. to reducing its emissions 26-28 percent by 2030.Thursday s pledge reads:  Today our school pledges to accelerate the transition to low-carbon energy while enhancing sustainable and resilient practices across our campuses.  Although it does not obligate campuses to enact so-called  carbon charges,  Yale University has chosen to begin testing out the idea this year.On Friday, Yale said the pledge  renews the university s commitment to maintaining a leadership role  on climate change. It notes that in 2005, the university established itself as a  global leader for climate change action  with an aggressive target of reducing greenhouse gases by 43 percent by 2020. And to that end, it announced a series of practices that includes the launch of a  campus-wide, internal carbon charge experiment. Based on a report issued earlier this year by Yale, the charge appears to be derived from an economic model the White House has developed called the  social cost of carbon  metric. Republicans have criticized the administration s use of the metric in creating costly regulations to reduce emissions, saying the White House has not been transparent in the creation of the metric. In September 2014, Yale convened the Presidential Carbon Charge Task Force to consider whether it would be feasible and effective to institute a university-wide carbon charge,  the university said.  Based on the task force s recommendation, and consistent with Yale s policy of leading by example on sustainability, Yale will soon announce a campus-wide plan for testing internal carbon charge mechanisms. The task force said Yale would implement a pilot project on carbon pricing. The task force s report said the charge on carbon dioxide emissions would provide incentives for decision makers to reduce reliance on  carbon-intensive activities. Via: Washington Examiner",0
14907,THE WORLD SHOULD BE OUTRAGED By Sweden’s Reward System For Returning Jihadists,"So Sweden basically wants to ensure Muslims returning from raping and beheading innocent people overseas, that the government will help them find a job and receive psychological counseling.  The trauma they must be experiencing after committing Jihad against so many innocent people must be overwhelming   You just can t make these things up The Swedish capital of Stockholm has released its new policy document for dealing with ISIS fighters returning to the city after having had their fill of rape and beheadings of civilians. At first blush it seems strange that such a document would be all of 9 pages.I mean,  Shoot!  should only take up one page, even with a large font.Oh well, let s see how Stockholm intends to handle terrorist-trained and combat-hardened fanatics. Here are a few translated highlights to capture the gist of things: Post-perspective: When a person wishes to leave a violent extremist grouping or coming home from combat overseas, it is crucial to provide customized inclusion efforts. Even then, it is important to have a local cooperation between various actors. Voluntary organizations can provide targeted support and advice. Even faith communities working with advice, but also psychosocial support.When it comes to people who participated in combat there is likely to be great need of health efforts. Therefore, it is important to establish cooperation between social services, social psychiatry and drug units, as well as health centers and psychiatric services (trauma, PTSD, etc.)When it comes to security, it is important that cooperation between social services, income support, employment and other efforts by the Labour Department, as well as assistance with job placement.Finally, the accommodation issue is a prerequisite that must work. Therefore, cooperative housing companies needs to be included in the post-perspective. To summarize: The city of Stockholm will make it a priority to provide the returning ISIS fighters with housing, free health care (physical and mental) and full financial support, until they have received earmarked jobs. All this of course fast-tracked past the line of law-abiding immigrants and indigenous Swedes.Since they now provide all the recruitment incentives for joining ISIS, the only thing missing is a city-run recruitment office. Oh, wait. That would the Employment Office, where it was recently revealed that tax-paid clerks were recruiting for ISIS. Sorry, my mistake!Then it s time to make proactive efforts to discourage radicalization. The solution, the city concludes, is to pour tax money into muslim organizations already in contact with the at-risk persons: Support to associations and other stakeholders locally There are examples of local actors which can contribute to efforts locally. For example, the Islamic Association and the mosque in Rinkeby-Kista has initiated education for interested parents and youths in the J rva area. It is very important to support such local initiatives. It is also important to involve local associations, some of which have contact with residents that the authorities do not come into contact with. As journalist and blogger Per Gudmundson points out, the Islamic Association of Sweden is a remarkably poor choice for  fighting Jihad  since it is the Swedish branch of the Muslim Brotherhood. Their official motto reads: Allah is our goal, the prophet is our leader, the quran is our law, Jihad is our way, and death for the honor of Allah is our greatest desire! Gudmundson notes that they are in active combat in Syria at the moment, in coalition with Jabhat al-Nusrah which is a branch of al-Qaida. Via: The Sweden Report",0
14908,BIG FAT LIE Being Told By Lefty Media About Trump Wanting To Register Muslims…He NEVER Said That!,"I just happened to be listening to Rush today and want to pass this on to everyone. Please share this and stop the false story being reported to try and bring down Trump. It s bad enough that the lefty media is trying to take down Trump with big lies, but now it s the establishment Republicans like Kasich who re doing the Trump Trashing. Shame on them!TRANSCRIPT OF RUSH LIMBAUGH EXPLAINING THE BIG LIE TOLD ABOUT TRUMP: RUSH: Now, I don t know if you have seen it yet today. There are stories all over the Drive-By Media   the Associated Press, Yahoo News, I mean, it s everywhere   that Donald Trump supposedly is calling for the registration of all Muslims in America. Trump is demanding that they all be registered and that a massive database be collected. CNN is all over reporting this. Even the Wall Street Journal has picked up on it. There s a problem, though: Trump didn t say it. I m gonna tell you what happened. At a recent public appearance Trump s coming off the stage after one of his usual one hour to 90-minute appearances.He s probably worn out and spent, and there s the usual crowd of autograph seekers and supporters and fans, and amongst them is a Drive-By Media reporter who says to Trump,  Should there be a database system that tracks the Muslims that are in this country?  Trump says,  There should be a lot of systems, beyond databases. We should have a lot of systems, and today you can do it. But right now we have to have a border. We have to have strength, we have to have a wall, and we cannot let what s happening to this country happen again.  Reporter:  Is that something your White House would like to implement? There s no specificity there. The question is just,  Is that something your White House would like to implement?  Trump has given a multifaceted answer. She says,  Is that something,  without specifying what she s asking about. Trump said,  Oh, I would certainly implement that, absolutely,  and that s how they report that Trump  demands a database and registration for all Muslims,  when he didn t say it! He never said it. It s a Journalism 101 trick. It s right out of the manual they teach you at the first year of journalism school in how to destroy political opponents or powerful people you don t like. It s that common a technique.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Now, I m not sure, but I think that the reporter that asked Trump the question and has totally, totally twisted this purposefully to convey something that did not happen, I think the reporter works for Business Insider. I think the reporter is Hunter Walker. If that s who it is, you need to know that this guy is a major backer of Hillary Clinton, as most in the Drive-By Media are. He has written endless articles championing her, and now I think he writes for Yahoo News and is the Business Insider politics editor.So here is how this happened. This is in Newton, Iowa, yesterday after a campaign event. Trump s leaving the stage, and a reporter says,  Should there be a database system to track Muslims in this country?  Now, nobody has suggested that, keep in mind. Trump has not suggested it. So the reporter s not asking a question bouncing off anything Trump has said. It s just a question thrown at Trump, and it comes to him in the midst of autograph seekers and fans and supporters wanting to meet him after his performance is finished.TRUMP: There should be a lot of systems beyond database. We should have a lot of systems. And today you can do it. But right now we have to have a border. We have to have strength. We have to have a wall. And we cannot let what s happening to this country happen.REPORTER: But is it something your White House would like to implement?TRUMP: Oh, I would certainly implement that, absolutely.REPORTER: What do you think the effect of that would be? How would that work?TRUMP: It would stop people from coming in illegally. We have to stop people from coming into our country illegally.REPORTER: Muslims specifically, how do you actually get them registered into a database?TRUMP: It would be just good management. What you have to do is good management procedures. And we can do that.REPORTER: Would you go to mosques and sign these people up into the system?TRUMP: Different places. You sign  em up at different   but it s all about management. Our country has no management.RUSH: Okay. Now, two things about this. The first is, as I said, everybody in the Drive-By Media is running with this because they think they ve got Trump again. They re salivating out there, folks, they are hoping, they ve got their fingers crossed, they ve doubled down, they re putting this story everywhere: Trump sexist, Trump bigoted, Trump anti-Muslim, wants a database; wants to go to their mosques to sign  em up; wants to have them carry around symbols on their clothes to tell everybody who they are. And he never said it.This reporter, Hunter Walker, retweeted the headline from the AP. The AP headline:  Trump Says He Would Absolutely Implement Muslim Database.  This little know-nothing reporter is so proud of his work today. This, as I say, journalism 101. This is what they teach you when you want to take out a political opponent or a powerful person you don t like, this is how you do it, with innuendo.Again, here s what happened. Trump comes offstage,  Should there be a database system that tracks Muslims that are in this country?  It s a setup question from the get-go. Nobody has suggested it. Trump said there should be a lot of systems beyond databases. We should have a lot of systems. And today you can do it, but right now we have to have a border. We have to have strength. We have to have a wall, and we can t let what s happening to this country happen again.He has not confirmed a database. He has not confirmed registration of Muslims. He s changed the question to his favorite subject, the wall and the border and keeping illegal immigrants out. The reporter says,  Is that something your White House would like to implement?  Not specifying. If anything, the guy s talking about the border. The last thing Trump said in his answer was talking about the border, strength, a wall. The reporter says,  Is that something your White House would like to implement?  There is nothing specified. The use of the word  that,  the reporter then can say,  Well, I meant Muslim registration, look what Trump said, Trump knew what I was talking about. But Trump s answer was,  Oh, I would certainly implement that, absolutely. Reporter:  What do you think the effect of that would be? It would stop people from coming in illegally.  Trump s still talking about the border. He s still talking about the wall. He says,  We have to stop people from coming into this country illegally.  So how in the world can Trump be talking about the registration of Muslims or anybody when he s still talking about keeping people out of the country? Muslims are here. This is a good, old-fashioned hatchet job by this low-rent reporter named Hunter Walker who s got everybody in the media reporting it the way he wants because this is what they want people to believe about Trump. This is what they believe about all Republicans. We re bigots, we re racists, sexists and so forth, and Trump s just come along and confirmed it. And I guarantee you there s a contest inside the Drive-By Media to see who can be the one to take Trump out.Here is what they are forgetting. This isn t gonna hurt Trump. Even their journalistic malpractice is not gonna hurt Trump. They haven t figured that out. They keep applying standard, ordinary, everyday tactics on hit pieces to Donald Trump, and all that happens as a result is that Trump increases his support. Trump s support gets stronger. It gets deeper every time they try something like this because Trump is dead serious about protecting this country and its borders and keeping terrorists and so forth out of the country. He makes no bones about it. He s one of the only candidates that s unwavering on it. It s the number one issue.And you combine what s happening with ISIS in Paris and border security, national security, protecting and defending the country and the people who live here is far and away the number one most important issue because everything descends from it. The economy descends from it. Jobs descend from it. Everything that matters descends from this country remaining a country. It has to have a border. That border has to be enforced. Trump s the only guy talking about. They think they ve got him. They re gonna be crying in whatever it is they drink. This is not going to rip the bottom out of Trump s campaign. It s not gonna destroy Trump s campaign no matter how much they re lying, no matter how they try to distort this, because Trump did not say he s in favor of registration or a database of all Muslims in America.And once again, what s gonna happen here is an ever increasingly aware and sophisticated public is gonna just get angrier and angrier at the usual childish tactics of the very unrespected Drive-By Media. Once the public learns what s happened here, the anger is not gonna be at Trump. There wouldn t have been that much anger at Trump anyway among his supporters. That s what they don t understand. You people in the media have got to understand something. You re gonna have to go about this a different way. You didn t make Trump; you can t destroy him. There s nothing you can do. And look at the lengths they re now going to try. Exactly what they did to Romney, by the way. This is no different than Harry Reid saying,  Mitt Romney hasn t paid his taxes in ten years.   Hey, look at Mitt Romney putting the family dog on top of the station wagon.   Hey, Mitt Romney, one of his employees  wives died of cancer, Romney didn t care, went ahead and canceled the health care plan, didn t care. I don t think this guy s questions were even registering with Trump. I think Trump continued to talk with his own framework in mind, meaning his focus on the wall. Because if you continue on with the sound bite   keep in mind here that Trump s never talked about registering or having a database of Muslims. The reporter asks a fake question:  Is that something your White House would do, like to implement?  Trump answers,  Yeah.  He keeps talking about the wall. He keeps talking about the border.  Oh, I would certainly implement that, absolutely.  Trump s still talking about the border.The reporter says,  What do you think the effect of that would be? How would that work? Trump:  It would stop people from coming in illegally.  He s still talking about the border. He s still talking about his wall.  We have to stop people from coming in illegally. Reporter:  For Muslims specifically, how do you actually get them registered in your database?  Trump has never said that he wants to register them in his database. He s talking about the wall. He s talking about the border. This idiot, talentless reporter says,  Well, for Muslims specifically, how do you actually get them registered in your database?  Trump says,  It would be good management. What you have to do is good management procedures, and we can do that.  He s still talking about the wall. He s not even listening to this kid. He s walking out of there, he s answering the question, he s got it answered, he s on the wall, he s on the border, that s what he s talking about.When it s all over the reporter makes it up that Trump s talking about registration of Muslims and a database. Totally makes it up. Anyway, I gotta take a break here. I just wanted you to see this. I wanted you to hear it, the reporter s own words, Trump s own words because it s been picked up everywhere, and, mark my words, the next poll that comes out, Trump s just gonna jump even higher and they re not gonna know what to do with themselves in the Drive-Bys. But you people in the media are gonna have to learn something. When you don t make somebody, you can t destroy him. And you haven t made Trump. The media has nothing to do with why Trump s where he is, and therefore you can t take him out. You can try, you may think you can, but he s got a bond, a connection with his supporters and his audience that you people are not gonna be able to break no matter how hard you try.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: So you know how this works? I just got an e-mail from a friend of mine who plays around on Facebook, and he sent me a screenshot of his Facebook post that he sent out, and he wants me to know that he s on top things. He says,  Yeah, Trump wants to register all Muslims. The last guy that wanted to do that was Hitler with the Jews! Come on, folks! We re going backwards.  So I just had to write him back:  Hey, buddy, you ve got it 180 degrees wrong. Trump didn t say it!  This is a guy that reads the news all day. This is exactly how this happens. You ve got every Drive-By news source now reporting this.originalI m not sure who the reporter was that actually got this whole thing started, but there are the suspects who have taken what that kid did and expanded it are all over the place. You could mention any Drive-By name out there and you d be pretty close to being accurate about who did this. I m not exactly sure who the reporter was at the Trump event. I was told one thing and now I m told that that s not necessarily true. But the guy s name I gave you is still responsible for expanding, amplifying, and leading this. That Hunter Walker is who kicked it all off. Doesn t really matter.I mean, they re all the same stripe, and they ve all got the same objective here. And this e-mail I just got from a friend of mine   who s not an idiot, and you know, he s not a casual consumer of news. It s in the Wall Street Journal. This guy s a financial guy. He read it in the Wall Street Journal, and the Wall Street Journal to these guys is gospel. I have tried to tell every friend of mine, and it s probably gone for naught. I ve tried to tell them just based on the way I get covered, and they know me and they know what s written about me is all bogus. I said,  Could you not apply that to every story you hear, particularly about people you support? Could you just learn to not believe anything you read if it s defaming Republicans in the Drive-By Media? Could you just learn to be suspicious of it and try to confirm it on your own? (sigh) But it doesn t work that way. People believe it.  There it is! It s in print. It s right there,  or,  It s on my screen, Rush! I mean, they can t write stuff that isn t true!  I can t tell you how often I hear that. So Trump s gonna  I don t know how he s gonna deal with this. He will, but  (sigh) Let me  I m gonna go ahead and get in trouble myself here. Can I give you what I think might have happened with a lot of people when they first saw this BS story?What do you think? You re driving around or you re reading or whatever and you hear,  Trump wants to register all Muslims!  (interruption) Yeah. (chuckles) Get my drift? So I m just marveling here. I m thankful for the opportunity. I m thankful I haven t retired. I m thankful I ve still got this program and a chance to come here every day and illustrate the dishonest, the reprehensible, the just scummy way these people work. And each time I see something like this, I focus even more on,  They re not media!  This isn t media! This isn t the news. The media is the Democrat Party. The media is all part of the left-wing establishment that s trying to advance the Democrat Party agenda.Every time I see a story like,  Trump has to fight media here or overcome media,  I ask: Why would you have to overcome the media? The media s just a bunch of journalists telling people what happened who weren t there. (thumps table) Of course, this is the exact opposite. Everybody knows now, or many people. And even people who know what the media is, still get sucked in and believe this stuff. But when you read the transcript of what Trump said, when you actually read it or hear it and then compare it to the news being reported, you can t escape the fact that the media s making it up; that Trump never said it.Read more: Rush Limbaugh",0
14909,SAY WHAT? Obama Gives Go Ahead For New UN “Regional Hub” In Washington DC…What They Plan To Use Center For Is Disturbing,"If seven years ago, someone told Americans that the UN would be allowed to place a  Regional Hub  in our nations Capitol, they would have been dismissed as a  tin foil  conspiracy theorist. But then, who would ve imagined that it was possible we d have an anti-American community organizer as the President of our United States of America?EXCLUSIVE: The chief United Nations human rights agency, with the Obama administration s apparent blessing, is creating a new  regional hub  for itself in Washington, to use as a center for organizing against the death penalty, among other things, and for affecting the legal frameworks, policies, and strategies of American counterterrorism.In a management plan covering its activities through 2017, the agency, known as the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, or OHCHR, puts the U.S. in the same category for that counterterrorism  alignment  effort as countries like Iraq and Uganda.The fast-tracked human rights  hub  also has a number of more nebulous  thematic  objectives for the U.S., which include, according to an OHCHR information document,  the establishment of national participatory bodies for reporting and implementing recommendations of human rights mechanisms  and the aim of  widening the democratic space  with the aid of undefined  National Human Rights Institutions. It may also involve, as OHCHR notes in its management plan,  increasing advocacy for ratification of human rights treaties and withdrawal of treaty reservations    meaning exceptional carve-outs that nations   including those like the U.S., with a federal division of power   can make to limit their acceptance of international agreements.In the case of the death penalty, for example, U.S. refusal to join in a U.N- sponsored global moratorium is based on the fact that such criminal justice measures also are the responsibilities of individual states.Nonetheless, as OHCHR s management plan notes,  in addition to global efforts to abolish the death penalty by 2017, OHCHR expects to have contributed to a moratorium on the application of the death penalty or pending a moratorium, increased compliance with relevant international human rights obligations in countries such as Iraq, Kenya, Liberia, Libya, Palestine, Papua New Guinea, Somalia, South Sudan, the United States of America and other countries in Asia and the Americas. The OHCHR puts the U.S. in the same category for its counterterrorism  alignment  effort as countries like Iraq and Uganda.All of those themes, along with OHCHR s view of itself as  the principal advocate for human rights within the U.N. system,  seem likely to bring the U.S. into closer proximity to the U.N. s tangled, proliferating and often sweepingly contradictory notions of international human rights law   and also, perhaps, to the notoriously dictatorship-riddled, 47-member U.N. Human Rights Council.Among other things, the Council, which has been far more enthusiastic about condemning alleged human rights transgressions in Israel than in any other nation, creates mandates for OHCHR, which also serves as the Council s bureaucratic support.The Obama administration reversed the policies of George W. Bush to join the Council in 2009, and served consecutive three-year terms that ended last month, claiming victories during that time in focusing the Council on gay rights and criticism of human rights practices in North Korea and Iran.While no longer on the Council, the administration now seems comfortable with bringing the U.N. s human rights approach into closer contact with U.S. legislators, lobbyists, human rights activists and, perhaps most importantly, financial appropriators, before it leaves office at the end of next year.Indeed, the OHCHR  hub    which will cover not just the U.S. but  North America and the English-speaking Caribbean    already has a warm advance welcome from the administration that also seems aimed at letting the new U.N. outpost arrive smoothly under Washington s political radar.Last month U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. in Geneva, Pamela Hamamoto, wrote to tell the aggressively expanding human rights body that it didn t need any additional legal agreement to establish the Washington hub, complete with full legal privileges and immunities, since it already is covered by legal agreements for the U.N. headquarters in New York, where OHCHR maintains a strong presence.If OHCHR felt otherwise, Hamamoto said on behalf of the administration,  we would be happy to discuss alternative ways in which we might accommodate OHCHR s specific requests. On the surface, the hub is part of a sweeping  Change Initiative  being promoted by the U.N. High Commissioner, Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein, which aims at decentralizing the Geneva-based organization, extending its outreach and human rights monitoring capability, and ostensibly improving its efficiency through, among other things, concentration on eight global hubs as focuses of activity.As it happens, the initiative is not that much of a change: six of the hubs already exist, including one in Panama City for Latin America. The only new ones are intended for Washington and Istanbul.According to Zeid, the initiative would mostly involve the reshuffling of existing personnel   shipping them away from Geneva headquarters, where more than half of the agency s roughly 1,100 staff is located. Zeid says that exercise, including the establishment of the new Washington venue, would be  revenue neutral. That assumption, however, was received skeptically by the U.N. s chief financial oversight committee, which called the calculation  preliminary,  and recommended against approving the restructuring until Zeid came back with a  clear and detailed proposal  with a lot more detail.Recommendations of the committee are usually adopted uncritically by the U.N. General Assembly s Fifth Committee, which approves financial measures.But Zeid has been lobbying the Fifth Committee energetically to break that tradition in his case   in part because, as OHCHR s fact sheet observes, the 2016-2017 budget that the advisory committee was assessing  will cover the majority of the remainder of the High Commissioner s [four-year] term of appointment.  (Zeid was appointed in 2014.)The issue came up in so-called  informal    meaning closed   discussions of the Fifth Committee earlier this week. Questions from Fox News to Zeid s spokesman about the discussions went unanswered.Questions to the State Department from Fox News about the issue were referred to the U.S. Mission to the U.N., headed by Ambassador Samantha Power.Questions from Fox News to the Mission about the discussion, and the overall U.S. government view of the hub, were not answered.Beyond the fact that his career clock is ticking, another reason for Zeid s gung-ho approach to the hub could be the possibility that no future U.S. President will be as enthusiastically multilateral as Barack Obama, giving a now-or-never urgency to the chance to bring the U.S. further under the U.N. human rights umbrella.And yet another reason might be that the reorganization could coincidentally help to bring down the curtain on a sensitive political problem for Zeid.As part of the Change Initiative, he has announced that one of OHCHR s important units, the Field Operations and Technical Cooperation Division, which deals with human rights issues at the country level and also incorporates human rights observation of U.N. peacekeeping operations, will be disbanded in Geneva and pieced off to the hubs.That division is headed by Anders Kompass, the senior human rights officer who kicked up a firestorm when he passed on an unredacted human rights report about alleged sexual abuse of children by non-U.N. peacekeepers in the Central African Republic to French authorities.For entire story: FOX News",0
14910,"TERROR EXPERT WARNS: If ISIS Isn’t Stopped, Europe Will Become Urban War Zone"," We need to have an honest conversation.  Well, that certainly would be refreshing Western powers must ramp up air strikes by 10 to 20 times to have any hope of disrupting the Islamic State group, which risks turning Europe into an urban guerrilla warzone, warned one of the world s leading counter-terrorism experts.David Kilcullen, an Australian army veteran, became the senior counter-insurgency advisor to US General David Petraeus during the Iraq War and is considered a key architect of the  Awakening  strategy that helped turn the conflict around.In an exclusive interview, he told AFP the Paris attacks showed the Islamic State group (IS) was morphing from a terrorist threat into a  structured organisation  like the IRA in Ireland or ETA in Spain during the 20th century. It s early days but I think we are starting to see the emergence of a fairly widespread paramilitary underground movement in Western Europe,  he told AFP from Washington, where he now leads research firm Caerus Global Solutions. This is not like the expeditionary terrorist attacks of Al-Qaeda where they build a team in one country, smuggle them into another country and they all die,  he said. The way the Paris attacks went down   with safe houses, stolen cars, weapon caches, guys successfully going underground after attacks   this is a lot closer to the classical definition of urban guerrilla warfare. Kilcullen, who famously warned the US against the Iraq invasion in 2003, said the Western strategy against IS in Syria and Iraq has so far been characterised by dishonesty and half-measures. We need to have an honest conversation   we re pretending we re not in combat, that we don t have boots on the ground,  he said. But we have several thousand on the ground in Iraq and the 50 that are acknowledged in Syria are not the only Western special forces there. We re trying to present this fiction that the war in Iraq is over. Kilcullen rejected suggestions from some analysts and politicians that the West should deploy tens of thousands of troops. That s a fantasy. If you really wanted to take it as our task, you would need way more than that. You would be looking at 200,000, 300,000 even 400,000 troops to do it,  he said. And frankly, it wouldn t work. The Iraqis and Iranians would push back hard. Via: NewsMax ",0
14911,Hillary Scolds Major Contributors To Terrorist Groups…Doesn’t Mention They Gave Over $67 MILLION To Clinton Slush Fund,"Behold The Democrats best choice for President of The United States of America. Hillary should be on bloody knees every day thanking her lucky stars she s not a Republican .Hillary Clinton gave a speech Thursday at the Council on Foreign Relation, where she outlined her genius plan to defeat ISIS. (Step 1: Defeat ISIS.) She also offered a few more specific proposals [emphasis added]:When it comes to terrorist financing, we have to go after the nodes that facilitate illicit trade and transactions. The U.N. Security Council should update its terrorism sanctions. They have a resolution that does try to block terrorist financing and other enabling activities, but we have to place more obligations on countries to police their own banks, and the United States, which has quite a record of success in this area, can share more intelligence to help other countries. And once and for all, the Saudis, the Qataris and others need to stop their citizens from directly funding extremist organizations as well as the schools and mosques around the world that have set too many young people on a path to radicalization.Clinton is right about the fact that Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates have for years funneled money to terrorist groups, essentially bribing them to ensure that they don t cause trouble in their incestual oligarchies. She is certainly right that these oil-rich countries have made a habit of giving away money to powerful interest groups in an effort to curry favor. Some of those groups happen to be comprised of terrorists, while others are charitable foundations founded by a former United States president whose wife is currently seeking the Democratic Party s nomination for the same position in 2016.Here s how much those three countries and their affiliated entities have donated to the Clinton Foundation:Qatar   Up to $5.8 million United Arab Emirates   Up to $11.5 million Saudi Arabia   Up to $50 millionThe gulf nations represent three of the largest donors to the foundation, but that is hardly the extent of their ties to the Clintons. Qatari, UAE, and Saudi firms paid Bill Clinton millions of dollars for speeches during the time Hillary served as secretary of state, when she also approved weapons deals with all three countries worth billions of dollars to U.S. defense firms, many of which are also Clinton Foundation donors.Bill Clinton has praised the Qataris as  intelligent, forward looking  investment partners for their collaboration on Clinton Foundation projects. One of Hillary s top advisers, Cheryl Mills, served on the board of the New York University campus in Abu Dhabi. Bill Clinton is the friend and former classmate of Saudi Prince Turki bin Faisal Al Saud, who recently attended a lavish Clinton Foundation conference in Marrakech, hosted by the King of Morocco. The Bill Clinton presidential library in Little Rock was funded in part by a $10 million from the Saudi Royal family.Hillary is right, the time has come for Qatar, the UAE, and Saudi Arabia to stop using their oil wealth to buy influence and protection from special interests. Via: WFB",0
14912,BREAKING: Major Health Insurance Carrier May Pull Out Of Obamacare…Expects To Lose Over $200 Million in 2016 Alone,"It turns out the words  affordable  and  care  were both horrendous lies pushed by the Left in order to prop up the most dangerous man to every occupy our Oval Office.If you like your insurance carrier, you can keep your insurance carrier. The nation s largest provider of health insurance announced this morning that it may choose to stop offering individual coverage after 2016, and will  pull back on its marketing efforts  immediately in this market. If the losses continue and United pulls out of next year s exchanges, it will set up a very bad moment for ObamaCare   and for Democrats just weeks before the election:UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH) today reported revised expectations for 2015, reflecting a continuing deterioration in individual exchange-compliant product performance, and provided an initial outlook for 2016. In recent weeks, growth expectations for individual exchange participation have tempered industrywide, co-operatives have failed, and market data has signaled higher risks and more difficulties while our own claims experience has deteriorated, so we are taking this proactive step,  said Stephen J. Hemsley, chief executive officer of UnitedHealth Group.  We continue to be pleased with the growth and overall performance of our Company outside of the individual exchange products and look forward to strong, positive and broad based earnings growth across our enterprise in 2016.   UnitedHealthcare has pulled back on its marketing efforts for individual exchange products in 2016. The Company is evaluating the viability of the insurance exchange product segment and will determine during the first half of 2016 to what extent it can continue to serve the public exchange markets in 2017.Don t kid yourselves. If United is going to  pull back  on marketing efforts for 2016, it s because they don t see themselves being in the market in 2017. Just by announcing it, United has set up the expectation of withdrawal for investors, who do not want to have good money chasing after bad.Assuming nothing changes in the fiscal model   and after three years, it s not likely to suddenly improve   that would create a huge gap in choice for many Americans in the next open enrollment period. That would normally begin in October 2016, unless HHS decides to delay it, as they did ahead of the 2014 elections. Many voters will suddenly find their coverage expired, forced to choose another plan from a smaller list of options, all of which will no doubt become even more expensive for everyone thanks to the decline in competition. It s going to act like a bombshell on the election, especially for Democrats running to hold seats in Congress, and perhaps even in the presidential election.Philip Klein explains why prices will move even higher than usual:The year 2017 is significant for insurers, because that s the year when several programs designed to mitigate risk for insurers through federal backstops go away. The hope was that those programs would act as training wheels for Obamacare in its first few years of implementation, but after that, the insurers were supposed to be able to thrive on their own. UnitedHealth s statement suggests otherwise.If UnitedHealth and other insurers decide to exit, remaining insurers will be forced to take on even more high-risk enrollees, prompting them to either raise rates further or exit themselves. That in turn would deprive individuals of choices and remove competition, a key purpose of the exchanges. Klein sat in on a United conference call this morning, and got the scope of the losses:UnitedHealth expects to lose over $200 million on Obamacare in 2016 alone  Philip Klein (@philipaklein) November 19, 2015So don t expect United to suddenly see a reason to get back into the 2017 market, not without hefty risk-corridor subsidies   which under any other circumstances would be called  corporate welfare.  Given that Congress isn t likely to reverse course and underwrite ObamaCare losses, the path to the exit remains the likely course for United, and perhaps some of its competitors, too.United says it will remain committed to its Medicaid and Medicare businesses, and of course it will stick with its employer-based group coverage, where the issues of ObamaCare regulation have less impact. But this is a reversal for United on the individual markets, as Forbes  Bruce Japsen points out. Just last month, United s CEO declared that they still considered this a growth market.United has discovered that the trade-offs in mandates and forced coverage don t pay off. It s a bait-and-switch for insurers by the Obama administration, but it s even worse of a bait-and-switch for consumers. In my column today for The Fiscal Times, I argue that the financial model of ObamaCare has left consumers with a fistful of broken promises, and the worst of both worlds.Via:Hot Air ",0
14913,BREAKING: HOUSE Votes “Yes” On American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act…But What Does That Really Mean For Our Nation’s Security?,"As the House moves closer to actually representing the will of We The People with this vote, what does it really mean in terms of stopping the bleed of Muslim men (Syrian refugees) into our country?The American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act that was approved by the US House this afternoon will not prohibit Syrian Refugees (Muslim males) from entering our country. It just ensures they are being more carefully screened. Congress needs to act NOW to stop the flow of potential terrorists and mostly military age Muslim men who have been conditioned to hating America for their entire lives into our country.The House of Representatives has approved legislation that would make it even more difficult for refugees from Syria and Iraq to enter the United States.Our Imperial President, Barack Hussein Obama has already said he ll veto the bill With almost unanimous support from Republicans and 47 Democrats supporting, the House approved by 289 votes to 137 the American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act, which would require the secretary of homeland security, the FBI director and the director of national intelligence to each certify that a refugee was not a threat to national security before they were admitted to the United States.This certification would come on top of the preexisting extensive screening process for refugees seeking admittance to the United States, which currently takes over 18 months.The White House has already said the president will veto the legislation and both chief of staff Denis McDonough and secretary of homeland security Jeh Johnson were on Capitol Hill lobbying against the bill on Thursday. However, those efforts did not sway some Democratic skeptics.New York Democrat Sean Patrick Maloney told reporters that he thought the bill represented a simple improvement to the process.  The administration is required to certify many things under federal law, and I don t understand why the president couldn t direct the heads of these agencies within 24 hours of the completion of existing process to make this certification or not. It adds no new time. The New York congressman said  it is offensive to me that we would stigmatize refugees and make victims of people who have suffered so much already  and said he did not think the bill did that, unlike the reactions of many governors and Republican president candidates to the refugee issue. Instead, he insisted it represented a simple step to provide certification to the preexisting screening process.Democratic opponents of the bill such as representative Emanuel Cleaver of Missouri dismissed the legislation something simply designed to make people feel better. However, he noted that there had been a failure among politicians of both parties to acknowledge  the very legitimate and very real fear that s out there . In doing so, Cleaver echoed remarks made to reporters yesterday by Democratic senator Tim Kaine who complained that the Obama administration had not properly  explained [the vetting system for refugees] to the American public .Republicans were realistic about the bill s dim prospects of becoming law but saw it as an important step in raising public awareness of the refugee issue. Iowa congressman Steve King told the Guardian said that, while there was very little that Congress could pass that would avoid a veto, the bill  brings the public s attention to this .King said he thought the increased public attention would make it harder for Obama to veto the bill, which would also need to pass the Senate to become law, and might even make it possible for an Obama veto to be overridden by Congress. However, King thought that the focus on the refugee issue  missed the point  and there instead  we need to destroy the caliphates and defeat the ideology of Islamic jihad .King said:  It s the equivalent of going into emergency room with patients bleeding off of gurneys and going and getting a bucket and mop to mop it up instead of stopping the bleeding. His thoughts were echoed in part by Tim Huelskamp of Kansas, who noted that many of his constituents had been worried about whether Syrian refugees had been properly vetted since before the Paris attacks.The Kansas Republican saw this bill as prelude to a fight in December over the budget, seeing the possibility of attaching a rider on refugee policy to an appropriations (spending) bill.  I don t think the president is gonna shut government down to bring Syrian refugees into this country and that s the only way to get attention,  he said. Via: The Guardian",0
14914,Why Do Hillary And Barack Choose Islam Over Christianity Every Time?,"The always brilliant Ben Shapiro answers that question in well, a brilliant way On Tuesday, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the American woman most responsible for the current refugee crisis in the Middle East, blasted Republicans for not wanting to accept unvetted Syrian Muslim refugees in the aftermath of last week s Paris terror attacks.She tweeted:We've seen a lot of hateful rhetoric from the GOP. But the idea that we'd turn away refugees because of religion is a new low. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) November 17, 2015 This, to be sure, is odd. Hillary decrying hateful rhetoric smacks of irony   she despises Republicans so much that she labeled them her enemies during the first Demoratic debate. Furthermore, Hillary is no fighter for religious freedom. In April, she told the Women in the World Summit that  deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs and structural biases have to be changed  to allow for abortion. And in the aftermath of the Supreme Court s egregious same-sex marriage decision in June, Hillary explicitly called for the government to force churches to sanction homosexuality, explaining,  Our work won t be finished until every American can not only marry, but live, work, pray, learn and raise a family free from discrimination and prejudice.  Pray   as in attend church  free from discrimination and prejudice. But she s sure hot and bothered about what she terms discrimination against Muslim refugees. This isn t particularly surprising   the entire left has a peculiar soft spot for Islam.That seems weird, given Islamic countries  fundamental rejection of leftist values ranging from same-sex marriage to abortion to women driving. But it isn t so weird when considered in the context of Marxist philosophy, which sees Islam not as a religious philosophy of its own, but as a sort of bizarre cultural outgrowth of poverty. Impoverished people believe weird things, say the Marxists; if we just gave ISIS jobs, they d stop all this nonsense and start behaving like members of the ACLU. Leftists see Islam not as an ideological force converting millions, but as a knee-jerk response to lack of basic living standards.In fact, leftists see all religion this way: as the refuge of the weakminded underclass. As Marx wrote,  Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people.  Barack Obama agrees: as he said back in 2008, poor people  get bitter, they cling to guns or religion or antipathy toward people who aren t like them. The view that all religious practice is essentially the domain of the exploited would cut in favor of seeing all religious practices as equally worthy of dismissal.But the left prefers Islam to Christianity. They ll fight against anyone drawing pictures of Mohammed, but they ll lose their minds if Christians complain about an  artist  soaking a statue of Jesus in urine.Why do leftists treat Christianity and Islam differently, if both are merely chimerical responses to the vicissitudes of life? Because leftists see Christianity as the creator of Islam s rise, and Christians as the victimizers of Muslims. The Obama State Department won t recognize Christians as victims of incipient Muslim genocide in the Middle East, but President Obama will equate ISIS violence in 2015 with the Crusades and the Spanish Inquisition. President Obama believes, like many on the left, that Western civilization was founded in racism, sexism, homophobia, and other bigotry   and that Christianity, as its wellspring, provided that impetus.Furthermore, Obama believes that Western civilization has exploited the rest of the world, and that it therefore bears culpability for the poverty that gave rise to the Islamic wave. Muslims are benighted victims of poverty; Christianity made them victims of poverty in the first place. Christianity thus bears blood guilt for the sins of Islam, but Islam bears none of its own. As Dinesh D Souza puts it, Obama is an anti-colonialist and believes  that the rich countries got rich by looting the poor countries, and that within the rich countries, plutocratic and corporate elites continue to exploit ordinary citizens.  Taken one step further, those rich countries   Christian countries   exploited non-Christian countries, impoverishing them and opening them to the opium of Islam.How else to explain the left s romance with Islam and simultaneous dismissal of Christianity? How else to explain the left s preoccupation with allowing Muslim refugees into the Christianity-founded West while demanding nothing of Islamic countries which are murdering Christians en masse?Hillary Clinton says it s hateful for Western countries to discriminate in choosing refugees based on religious philosophy. It s far more hateful to suggest that Christianity must bow and scrape before Islam, particularly when Islamic terrorists target non-Muslims the world over. Via: Breitbart News",0
14915,WATCH BARACK Become Agitated When CNN Ally Confronts Him On World Stage: “Why Can’t We Take Out These Bast*rds” (Obama’s JV Team),"Obama didn t appear to be very pleased when CNN ally, Jim Acosta confronted him on his feckless role as Commander In Chief an international stage during the G2 Summit. Acosta first mocked him about his reference to ISIS as  Jayvee Team  then lobbed some friendly fire:  Why can t we take out these bastards? Obama s answer is arrogant, condescending and makes no sense whatsoever. His behavior is so predictable and completely unbecoming as the leader of our nation. This is exactly what we ve come to expect however, from this dangerous  Commander in Chief. https://youtu.be/4pvGji2gkjs",0
14916,“IN YOUR FACE”: OBAMA LAUNCHES NEW #RefugeesWelcome Twitter Campaign On Twitter,"Never mind that a new poll shows Americans oppose bringing Syrian Refugees to America by a 2-1 margin! Carry on King Barry to hell with the American people For five days a coordinated DC Media has been attacking as racists anyone opposed to President Obama s plan to resettle thousands of Syrians refugees here in America. A new poll shows that the emotional blackmail being hurled by both Obama and his DC Media allies has failed miserably. By nearly 2-to-1 (53% to 28%), Americans oppose the resettlement program.The Obama administration launched a hashtag last night to promote the concept of welcoming Syrian refugees into the United States after a growing number of governors proposed halting the program after the terrorist attacks in Paris.The White House debuted a hashtag on their Facebook page last night: #RefugeesWelcome Even as we intensify our efforts in coordination with our partners to take out ISIL, we cannot turn our backs on those most threatened by the terrorist group,  the message on the White House page read.A video on the page insisted that U.S. law enforcement officials were vetting each of the refugees before allowing them to settle in the United States.On the White House website, Deputy Assistant to the President for Homeland Security Amy Pope denounced Republicans for calling to block refugees in the country. The Administration rejects the flawed view that we can t ensure our own safety while also welcoming refugees desperately seeking their own safety,  she wrote.  The truth is: America can and must do both.  Via: Breitbart News",0
14917,No Joke! Hillary Clinton Tries To Censor Laugh Factory Comedian Standup Skit [Video],"And this woman wants to be in charge of America? She can t even handle a Laugh Factory standup skit! The thing that s so wrong is that the first amendment comes into play here. You won t believe this:In what appears to be a first for a serious presidential contender, Hillary Clinton s campaign is going after five comedians who made fun of the former Secretary of State in standup skits at a popular Hollywood comedy club.A video of the short performance, which is less than three minutes, is posted on the website of the renowned club, Laugh Factory, and the Clinton campaign has tried to censor it. Besides demanding that the video be taken down, the Clinton campaign has demanded the personal contact information of the performers that appear in the recording. This is no laughing matter for club owner Jamie Masada, a comedy guru who opened Laugh Factory more than three decades ago and has been instrumental in launching the careers of many famous comics.  They threatened me,  Masada told Judicial Watch.  I have received complains before but never a call like this, threatening to put me out of business if I don t cut the video. Practically all of the country s most acclaimed comedians have performed at the Laugh Factory and undoubtedly they have offended politicians and other well-known personalities with their standup routines. Tim Allen, Jay Leno, Roseanne Bar, Drew Carey, George Carlin, Jim Carrey, Martin Lawrence, Jerry Seinfeld and George Lopez are among the big names that have headlined at the Laugh Factory. The First Amendment right to free speech is a crucial component of the operation, though Masada drew the line a few years ago banning performers including African Americans from using the  n-word  in their acts.The five short performances that Clinton wants eliminated include some profanity and portions could be considered crass, but some of the lines are funny and that s what the Laugh Factory is all about. The video features the individual acts of five comedians, four men and a woman. The skits make fun of Clinton s wardrobe, her age, sexual orientation, the Monica Lewinsky scandal and the former First Lady s relationship with her famous husband. The Laugh Factory has appropriately titled it  Hillary vs. The First Amendment. Masada told Judicial Watch that, as soon as the video got posted on the Laugh Factory website, he received a phone call from a  prominent  person inside Clinton s campaign.  He said the video was disgusting and asked who put me up to this,  Masada said. The Clinton staffer, who Masada did not want to identify, also demanded to know the names and phone numbers of the comedians that appear in the video. Masada refused and hung up. He insists that the comedy stage is a sanctuary for freedom of speech no matter who is offended.  Just last night we had (Emmy-award winner) Dana Carvey doing Donald Trump and it was hilarious,  Masada said. HERE IT IS: ",0
14918,HILLARY LIES: Remember When Hillary Disclosed She Was Named After A Famous Person?,"This story is from 2006 and is the first in a long series of Hillary s lies that we ll be exposing over the next couple of months For more than a decade, one piece of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton s informal biography has been that she was named for Sir Edmund Hillary, the conqueror of Mount Everest. The story was even recounted in Bill Clinton s autobiography.But yesterday, Mrs. Clinton s campaign said she was not named for Sir Edmund after all. It was a sweet family story her mother shared to inspire greatness in her daughter, to great results I might add,  said Jennifer Hanley, a spokeswoman for the campaign.In May 1953, Sir Edmund and his Sherpa guide, Tenzing Norgay, became the first men to reach the summit of Mount Everest. In 1995, shortly after meeting Sir Edmund, Mrs. Clinton said that her mother, Dorothy Rodham, had long told her she was named for the famous mountaineer.  It had two l s, which is how she thought she was supposed to spell Hillary,  Mrs. Clinton said at the time, after meeting Sir Edmund.  So when I was born, she called me Hillary, and she always told me it s because of Sir Edmund Hillary. Even though Bill Clinton repeated the story in his 2004 autobiography,  My Life,  Hillary Clinton did not mention it in her own autobiography,  Living History,  which was published in 2003.But one big hole has been poked in the story over the years, both in cyberspace and elsewhere: Sir Edmund became famous only after climbing Everest in 1953. Mrs. Clinton, as it happens, was born in 1947. Via: NYT",0
14919,OBAMA USES SPEECH ON FOREIGN SOIL To Disparage Half Of America: Ted Cruz Eviscerates JV President With This Brutal Response [Video],"Obama has a knack for going overseas and disparaging the citizens of the United States. The hate America mantra. It s what he knows. It s how he s wired. But this time, a real American who genuinely loves his country is fighting back and you re gonna love how he responds to our petulant anti-American President MANILA, Philippines   President Barack Obama lashed out Wednesday at Republicans who insist on barring Syrian refugees from entering the US, deeming their words offensive and insisting  it needs to stop. Apparently they re scared of widows and orphans coming into the United States of America,  Obama said.Mocking GOP leaders for thinking they re tough, Obama said overblown rhetoric from Republicans could be a potent recruitment tool for the Islamic State group.He insisted that the US process for screening refugees for possible entry into the US was rigorous and said the US didn t make good decisions  based on hysteria  or exaggerated risk. We are not well served when in response to a terrorist attack we descend into fear and panic,  the president said.Obama s comments during a meeting with Filipino President Benigno Aquino marked his harshest condemnation yet of Republicans  response to the Paris attacks blamed on ISIS that killed 129 people last week.Republicans in Congress and on the 2016 presidential trail have urged an immediate closing of America s borders to Syrian refugees, but the Obama administration has shown no sign of backing off its plans to bring an additional 10,000 Syrians fleeing civil war into the US.Sen. Ted Cruz had sharp words for President Barack Obama over his comments regarding Republican rhetoric on Syrian refugees, saying his statement  is utterly unbefitting of a president. If you want to insult me, you can do it overseas, you can do it in Turkey, you can do it in foreign countries, but I would encourage you, mister president, come back and insult me to my face,  the Texas senator and Republican presidential candidate said this on Capitol Hill Wednesday. It is utterly unbefitting of the president to be engaging in those kind of personal insults and attacks,  Cruz said in Washington, D.C., in video captured by NBC News.  He talked about how he was belittling the Republican field as scared. Well let me suggest something: Mr. President, if you want to insult me, you can do it overseas, you can do it in Turkey, you can do it in foreign countries. But I would encourage you Mr. President, come back and insult me to my face,  Cruz said. President Obama had harsh words for Republicans calling for a stop of Syrian refugees to the United States, saying such calls are just  political posturing. When individuals say that we should have a religious test and that only Christians   proven Christians   should be admitted   that s offensive and contrary to American values,  President Obama said in Manila yesterday.  I cannot think of a more potent recruitment tool for ISIL than some of the rhetoric that s been coming out of here during the course of this debate. Another Republican presidential candidate, Mike Huckabee, also had tough words for Obama, calling him  delusional. If the President honestly believes that ISIS is concerned about what we think about them and that they are driven by that than the president is more delusional than I ever imagined when it comes to dealing with this crisis,  Huckabee said on MSNBC Wednesday.  It s just astonishing the president would make this all about himself not about the safety and security of the American people. Via: NBC News",0
14920,Clinton Foundation Didn’t Report $20 Million In Foreign Donations,"Gosh, I wonder why The Clinton Foundation has come under fire in the past for foreign donations:A previous donor, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, has given between $10 million and $25 million since the foundation was created in 1999.This is all a question of ethics both for the donations to possibly curry favor with Clinton and the omission of lots and lots of money .The Clinton Foundation failed to report $20 million in donations from governments to the Internal Revenue Service, newly refiled tax returns show.Reuters reported that the foundation disclosed the $20 million it received from governments, most of them foreign, between 2010 and 2013 when it and a spin-off organization refiled tax returns from six years to fix errors.The Bill, Hillary, & Chelsea Clinton Foundation did not previously separate out its donations from governments on old tax returns as is mandated by the IRS.The foundation refiled tax returns from 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013 and a charity spun off from the foundation, the Clinton Health Access Initiative, refiled its own returns from 2012 and 2013 after both were found to have made errors reporting funds from foreign governments. The revelations about inaccuracies came just as Hillary Clinton, a Democratic candidate for president, endured scrutiny for the millions of dollars that her family foundation has received from foreign governments.Via: WFB",0
14921,Disturbing Uncovered Emails From Huma Abedin Bring Hillary’s Mental Health Into Question: “Often confused”,"How quickly the Democrats have forgotten about that little  incident  that landed Hillary in the hospital, following the death of the 4 Americans that she likely caused in Benghazi After reviewing more than 35 pages of email from top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin, Judicial Watch observes that Abedin advised a State Department staffer that it was  very important  to review phone calls with Clinton because she was  often confused. Judicial Watch notes that Abedin emailed State Department Clinton aide and companion Monica Hanley from her  Huma@clintonemail.com  to alert her about the need to go over phone calls with Clinton.Additionally, Abedin s emails reveal  repeated security breaches, with the Secretary s schedule and movements being sent and received through Abedin s non-governmental and unsecured Clinton server account,  states Judicial Watch.On January 26, 2013, Abedin had the following email exchange with Hanley:Abedin: Have you been going over her calls with her? So she knows singh is at 8? [India Prime Minister Manmohan Singh] Hanley: She was in bed for a nap by the time I heard that she had an 8am call. Will go over with her Abedin: Very imp to do that. She s often confused. The emails also provide specific details of Clinton s last day in office on January 31, 2013. Exact times and locations of all her appointments during the day are given. Huma Abedin s description of Hillary Clinton as  easily confused  tells you all you need to know why it took a federal lawsuit to get these government emails from Clinton s illegal email server,  said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton.  These emails also show that Hillary Clinton s and Huma Abedin s decision to use the Clinton email server to conduct government business was dangerous and risky.  Via: Breitbart NewsHere is Bill Clinton attempting to convince the interviewer that  Hillary works out every week (not every day) and that she is the picture of health:From Edward Klein s book  Unlikeable :Ed Klein, whose book  Unlikeable  hits shelves on Sept. 28, told the National Enquirer that the former secretary of state is battling a host of  mounting health issues  including  blinding headaches  that have  frequently plagued her. Bachmann, a former Minnesota Republican congresswoman, bowed out of the 2012 GOP primary race after reports surfaced that she was wrestling with debilitating migraine headaches   including one that kept her offstage during part of a televised debate. A Clinton friend told Klein that the Democrats  current leading light might even be suffering from multiple sclerosis.Clinton herself released a letter on July 28 from a doctor who gave her a clean bill of health.Dr. Lisa Bardack of Mount Kisco, N.Y. wrote that Clinton, 67, has completely recovered from a December 2012 concussion that left her seeing double for two months.While treating that condition, doctors diagnosed a blood clot in her sinuses, requiring long-term daily doses of the blood-thinning medication Coumadin.Bardack added that Clinton had been diagnosed with blood clots previously, in both 1998 and 2009. But Klein s book goes far beyond talk of ordinary medical conditions. For the first time I ve known her, she s showing self-doubt about her strength and vitality,  a friend of Hillary told him, according to Radar Online.She also reportedly suffers from severe insomnia, which has  sapped her energy just when she needed it most for the campaign. She is exhausted and depressed a lot of the time,  the friend said, and has turned to sleeping pills in order to rest at night. ",0
14922,"“They have guns, but we have flowers” Dad Unknowingly Exposes “Sitting Duck” Reality Of Gun-Free France In This Viral Video","Many people around the world are using this viral video as an example of a beautiful exchange between a father and son in Paris following the terrorist tragedy.  Humanity in the face of inhumanity  is how this exchange between a father, his young son and a reporter is being described.The young boy is asked by a reporter,  Do you understand what happened? Do you understand what they (the terrorists) did?  The boy replies, Yes, because they are very, very, very bad.  The father then explains,  There are bad people everywhere.  The boy then replies,  They have guns, they can shoot at us because they are very very bad, daddy.  It is then the father tells the son,  They have guns, but we have flowers.  The boy then says something that is undeniable (except of course, to a progressive),  But flowers do nothing,  to which the dad responds that the flowers are there to fight against the guns.While the father is clearly making an effort to calm the fears of his toddler son, for us, it s a perfect example of the delusional progressive European mindset. Progressives live in a make-believe world where tolerance is the only way to address an evil ideology that is intent on murdering innocent people who refuse to convert to Islam. This caliphate is spreading like wildfire across an un-armed Europe, and flowers are not going to stop them.Less than one year ago, the entire world witnessed the blood bath that took place at the unarmed Charlie Hebdo headquarters in France. Make no mistake about it unarmed citizens are sitting ducks for terrorists period. Having a well armed citizenry is certainly not a guarantee that no one will ever be killed by terrorists or by some crazy mass murderer, but it sure could put a dent in their plans.No, we haven t missed the point of this video. We have small children and understand that you have to be careful about how you address these sensitive issues. Our point is, that telling your child  the bad guys have guns, but we have flowers  isn t just something toddlers naively believe in France and the UK, it s a commonly held belief progressives have had for quite some time now.Perhaps it s time for Europeans to revisit their radical gun-free laws. Most Americans understand the  bad guys  will always find a way to get the guns, and when all hell breaks loose, the good (unarmed) guys are always going to find themselves on the losing side. Maybe that s why Barack Obama hasn t been able to penetrate that pesky 2nd Amendment with his never-ending desire for gun-control, by attempting to convince Americans we should follow the European model.",0
14923,HERE’S THE LIST Of 25 Governors Who Have Told Obama Muslim Refugees From Syria Are NOT Welcome In Their States,"There is a also a map (below) showing which states will and won t accept refugees from Syria and those who haven t made up their minds yet Leave it to Obama to call anyone who questions the sanity of bringing hundreds of thousands of unchecked Muslims over to a country they ve been taught to hate since birth  anti-Americans! President Obama said the United States needed to  step up and do its part  admitting refugees from SyriaHe said that the issue of refugees and terrorism should not be equated in the aftermath of the Paris attacksA handful of Republican governors have publicly pronounced that their states would not accept SyriansObama made a swipe at those GOP leaders   asking them to be more like President George W. Bush in the aftermath of 9/11Now, 25 Republican governors   and one Democrat too   have said they don t want Syrian refugees in their states, as President Obama recommitted the U.S. to take a portion of this population fleeing from ISIS.In a press conference this morning in Turkey, Obama said that  the United States has to step up and do its part,  while chiding those in the opposition party for suggesting there be a  religious test  for entry into the United States.There s concern, after Friday s brutal attack in Paris, that ISIS fighters are infiltrating those fleeing Syria and will carry out future violence against the West. It is very important,  Obama said.  That we do not close our hearts to these victims of such violence and somehow start equating the issue of refugees with the issue of terrorism. However, Republican governors from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi, Texas and Wisconsin said they would postpone programs to bring in Syrian refugees, or they re against the idea entirely, according to the Associated Press.Governors of these states have said no to Syrian refugees: Alabama Arizona Arkansas Georgia Florida Idaho Indiana Illinois Iowa Kansas Louisiana Maine Massachusetts Michigan Mississippi Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey North Carolina Ohio Oklahoma South Carolina Tennessee Texas Wisconsin",0
14924,"[VIDEO] #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists Storm Dartmouth Library, Threaten Students: ‘F*ck You, You Filthy White F*cks!’","They were probably just looking for a  safe space  to study Protesters at Dartmouth University disrupted students studying in the library, reportedly directing profanity towards white students and physically pushing others.In a critical editorial, the conservative Dartmouth Review listed some of the epithets hurled by the protesters:  Fuck you, you filthy white fucks!   F*ck you and your comfort!   F*ck you, you racist shits! In addition, the Review reports that some of protesters became physically violent:  Men and women alike were pushed and shoved by the group.  If we can t have it, shut it down!  they cried. Another woman was pinned to a wall by protesters who unleashed their insults, shouting  filthy white bitch!  in her face. Campus Reform managed to obtain video showing the protesters walking through the library shouting as others try to study. One of the protesters can be seen flipping off the cameraman. Another gets in the face of those who are studying demanding they say that black lives matter.One of the protesters posted online, saying they were ashamed of what the protest turned into.  After making a girl cry, a protester screamed  Fuck your white tears,  he reports.  I was startled by the aggression from a small minority of students towards students in the library, many of whom were supporters of the movement. Watch above, via Campus Reform. Via: Mediaite ",0
14925,"[VIDEO] #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists Storm Dartmouth Library, Threaten Students: ‘F*ck You, You Filthy White F*cks!’","They were probably just looking for a  safe space  to study Protesters at Dartmouth University disrupted students studying in the library, reportedly directing profanity towards white students and physically pushing others.In a critical editorial, the conservative Dartmouth Review listed some of the epithets hurled by the protesters:  Fuck you, you filthy white fucks!   F*ck you and your comfort!   F*ck you, you racist shits! In addition, the Review reports that some of protesters became physically violent:  Men and women alike were pushed and shoved by the group.  If we can t have it, shut it down!  they cried. Another woman was pinned to a wall by protesters who unleashed their insults, shouting  filthy white bitch!  in her face. Campus Reform managed to obtain video showing the protesters walking through the library shouting as others try to study. One of the protesters can be seen flipping off the cameraman. Another gets in the face of those who are studying demanding they say that black lives matter.One of the protesters posted online, saying they were ashamed of what the protest turned into.  After making a girl cry, a protester screamed  Fuck your white tears,  he reports.  I was startled by the aggression from a small minority of students towards students in the library, many of whom were supporters of the movement. Watch above, via Campus Reform. Via: Mediaite ",0
14926,BREAKING: House Republicans Work To Cut Off Federal Funding For Syrian Refugee Resettlement Program,"Time will tell how serious the House Republicans are about keeping our nation safe. Goodness knows it s the furthest thing from our  Climate Change Promoter In Chief s mind Following the deadly terrorist attacks in Paris, House Republicans are proposing to block federal funding for resettling Syrian refugees until a series of new conditions are met, Foreign Policy has learned.The growing momentum behind new legislation, still being drafted, sets up a future clash between the White House and Congress as the Obama administration seeks to offer residency to 10,000 Syrian refugees who currently live outside the conflict zone. Currently, 60 million people worldwide have been forced from their homes or are otherwise considered refugees   higher than at any other time in recorded history. An estimated six million to eight million displaced people are still in Syria, and more than four million Syrian refugees are in Jordan, Turkey, and Lebanon.The draft legislation, a copy of which was obtained by FP, is backed by Reps. Brian Babin, Lou Barletta, Diane Black, Mo Brooks, Jeff Duncan, John Duncan, Blake Farenthold, Louie Gohmert, Frank Guinta, Gregg Harper, Walter Jones, Steve King, Mike Pompeo, Mark Meadows, and Bill Posey. It would prevent funding for the resettlement of refugees from the Middle East and North Africa until authorities adopt  processes to ensure that refugee and related programs are not able to be co-opted by would-be terrorists.  Once those processes are in place, details of the security checks must be given to Congress in both classified and public forums, and the administration must establish a  longer-term monitoring process  to track refugees in the U.S.The 15 Republican lawmakers pushing the legislation aren t the only politicians looking to slam the brakes on Obama s resettlement program. The governors of 15 U.S. states have already said they would not allow Syrian refugees to live in their states. Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions (R) has proposed legislation to restrict U.S. funding for refugee resettlement and Kentucky Senator Rand Paul (R) has said he will introduce legislation to prevent Syrian refugees from obtaining U.S. visas.Additionally, House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul plans to raise the issue of blocking Syrian refugee resettlement at a Tuesday meeting with fellow Republicans, according to two congressional sources.In a Monday letter to President Barack Obama, McCaul called on the White House to immediately  suspend  the admission of all additional Syrian refugees. The high-threat environment demands that we move forward with greater caution in order to protect the American people and to prevent terrorists from reaching our shores,  McCaul wrote.The rising opposition to assisting Syrian refugees is already alarming humanitarian organizations, which say that doing so defies America s long tradition of helping individuals fleeing persecution. A senior Obama administration official, speaking to FP on condition of anonymity, said security concerns about incoming refugees were unfounded   in large part because they undergo  the highest level  of scrutiny by intelligence and security government agencies. All refugees, including Syrians, are admitted only after successful completion of this stringent security screening regime,  the official said.Fears about taking in refugees spiked after a Syrian passport was found near the body of one of the assailants in the deadly Paris attacks that killed at least 129 people. Questions remain, however, over the identity of the attacker: French officials on Monday said he used a fake Syrian passport to travel to Europe through Greece and the Balkans. While his actual identity is unknown, the attacker is believed to have posed as a Syrian refugee to enter Europe through the Aegean Sea. Via:Foreign Policy",0
14927,AMERICA IS CLOSER TO BECOMING SWEDEN Than You Think…Don’t Believe Us? Watch This…,"These videos will shock you. When you think of Sweden, do you think of Muslim gangs roving the streets in  no-go zones  lobbing hand grenades at warring migrant tribes? Do you think of Muslim men raping so many Swedish women, girls, men and boys, that it has now earned the designation as the  rape capitol of the world? Do you think of children being taken from their homes for the crime of being homeschooled by their parents? Do you think of a nation of spoiled  everyone gets a trophy  children? Do you envision a nation where parenting your children is now considered  taboo? Sweden can be proud today to have shed its long standing reputation as  the most boring country in the world . The Nordic state finds itself in the grip of a terrifying crime wave instead, which even  new Swedes  describe as like  being back in Syria .Grenade attacks in multicultural paradise Malm  are now so commonplace the English-speaking media has all but stopped bothering to report them. Compounding the apparent disinterest in the descent of beautiful, historic Malm  into a third-world ghetto where native Swedes are very nearly in the minority, is a striking dearth of facts about what is actually going on there.Did you know that it s ILLEGAL to home school your child in Sweden? So much for tolerance. You must learn what the state teaches you or you will be severely punished.It s been called one of the worst cases of government abuse ever committed against a home schooling family: the abduction by Swedish authorities of Domenic Johansson, a happy, healthy, 7-year-old boy taken from his parents Christer and Annie Johansson in 2009 as they waited to leave Sweden on a flight to India.After the abduction, the Johanssons  story spread quickly on the Internet.But three years later, Domenic is still being kept from his parents, and Swedish authorities keep finding new reasons for why the child can t go home. This is about the most fundamental right you have. You have the right to your own children, or you should have,  Christer told CBN News during the first television interview he and his wife have given since their only child s abduction.In 2008, Christer and Annie were making plans to leave Sweden for humanitarian work in Annie s native India.They decided it would be best for Domenic to be home-schooled during the final months before their departure, rather than enroll him in public school.Christer says Sweden s Ministry of Education told him they could home-school, but local officials levied steep fines and threatened the couple to discourage them from doing so.Then, as the parents sat on a plane at Stockholm airport for their scheduled trip to India, police came aboard and took Domenic away. They took Domenic from the plane,  Christer recalled.  Then he threw up until they took him to ER. That s how severe the trauma is. If someone throws up so you have to take him to the hospital, that s severe. I have no clue what went on,  Annie added.  There was just a stampede. My child had no clue, and I have no clue still what s going on. I can just hear the screams of my child all the time. Sweden s liberal approach to parenting has bred a nation of ill-mannered brats, a leading expert has warned in a new book which calls on parents to seize back control of their families. David Eberhard, who was a prominent psychiatrist before becoming a writer, warns in his new book, How Children Took Power, that Swedish parents are now unwilling to discipline their children in any way. Swedes in 1979 became the first to adopt a total smacking ban. We live in a culture where so-called experts say that children are  competent  and the conclusion is that children should decide what to eat, what to wear, and when to go to bed,  he said.  If you have a dinner party, they never sit quietly. They interrupt. They re always in the centre, and the problem is that when they become young adults, they take with them the expectation that everything is centred around them, which makes them very disappointed. He points to Sweden s growing truancy rates, a rise in anxiety disorders, and the country s declining performance in international educational league tables, as the tangible results of its liberal parenting approach. They don t say thank you. They don t open doors. If you see them on the subway, they don t stand up for elderly people or pregnant women. Stricter parenting is a taboo in Sweden, let alone advocating a return to smacking, a ban on which he believes has  more to do with ideology than scientific evidence. It s very difficult to contradict. If you say I m putting forward a stricter way, then people think you re an idiot. Can you say #BlackLivesMatter movement?",0
14928,WATCH: “We’re getting a glimpse of a world without America…and it’s scary as hell”,"The Intellectual Froglegs videos by Joe Dan Gorman are truly a gift to conservatives in America. Joe Dan uses hard-hitting, brutally honest and absolutely hysterical commentary to deliver an important, eye-opening message to the masses. He has the ability to expose the Left and the idiocy of those who support their policies like no other.His videos are usually 15 minutes or longer, but the two most common remarks we receive from viewers who have watched his videos on our 100 Percent FED UP Facebook page are:  Every American needs to see this video  and  It was worth watching every minute of this video. The lines have been drawn  there is a segment of society that no matter what  they hate Donald Trump, and the notion of him becoming president make them ill.. To them I dedicate this video. Heh, heh, heh.The number one, two and three issues are the border, the economy and immigration . all three inextricably connected. And America wants the damn wall that we ve been promised for 40 years. Trump will deliver.The haters continue to claim Trump is no conservative  but his policies are conservative as hell which leads me to the following conclusion. Considering Trump s undeniably conservative policies  in conjunction with his unparalleled business successes  and add the fact that he has lived his life in a WILDLY liberal Manhattan, I conclude that Trump has always been a closet conservative.A businessman has to make friends to succeed.We d like to thank Intellectual Froglegs for the awesome mention in his latest video. We are honored to be associated with this hard working, smart and conservative voice for conservatives across America.Please go to the Intellectual Froglegs website to view more of Joe Dan s quality videos.Joe Dan Gorman is the creator and producer of Intellectual Frog Legs. When he is not creating and producing stuff, he is busy eating meat, playing guitar and defending the Constitution from liberal zombies. Joe Dan is only able to continue doing what he does when you share his videos. PLEASE HELP Joe Dan in his attempt to cure liberalism by donating to his production costs by clicking HERE.",0
14929,WSJ REPORTER RIPS INTO DEM CANDIDATES For Their Lame Rhetoric On ISIS: “Remarkable displays of unintelligible garbage” [Video],"THE WSJ S MARY KISSEL NAILS IT ON THE DEM DEBATE WITH THE THREE CANDIDATES WHO WERE GIVING NO SOLUTIONS ON ISIS:  It was one of the most remarkable displays of unintelligible garbage rhetoric that I have ever seen.  Amen to that!Mary Kissel: The barbarians are at the gates. We ve seen attacks now from London to Madrid to Beirut to over the Sinai. It is time for American leadership. Hillary said this isn t America s fight. Look, Democrats are dangerously divorced from reality. Hillary says that. President Obama wants to close Gitmo. He said we contained these people. No, we haven t contained them. Bernie Sanders, who s leading in some polls, says the greatest challenge is climate change. What we need is American leadership and the majority of the American people understand we need to send troops back to the Middle East before this global disorder comes to our shores.Marie Bartiromo: I thought it was actually extraordinary, the debate last night. There was no real solution from any of the candidates. They were talking a lot saying nothing whatsoever.Mary Kissel: Saying essentially nothing. It was one of the most remarkable displays of unintelligible garbage rhetoric that I have ever seen. ",0
14930,New Orleans “Club” Advertises “Meet And Greet” For Dem Gov Candidate: FREE Drinks And “Performers” And Party Bus To Polls For “Early Voters” [VIDEOS],"Wow it looks like Dem candidate for governor, John Bel Edwards has some friends who really know how to throw a party for  early voters.  The stripper poles on the purple party bus are a special feature that goodness knows, every early voter requires Yesterday, the Hayride exclusively reported on gubernatorial candidate John Bel Edwards  campaign rally at the New Orleans night club known as Lyve New Orleans.Lyve New Orleans is a night club on Tulane Ave. and yesterday, the night club posted a couple of photos of their John Bel Edwards event, in which they promised a  Meet and Greet  with Edwards and a  party bus  that would take voters to go early vote.Today, the Hayride has obtained all of the videos from the night club campaign rally for Edwards, in which a party bus is seen covered in Edwards campaign signs, blaring Missy Elliot beats accompanied by strobe lights.The Edwards campaign was invited to a Family Forum yesterday to discuss social issues with his opponent Sen. David Vitter (R-LA), but skipped out on the event. Vitter, however, did attend.The videos below (caught by America Rising) show Edwards and his wife Donna Edwards meeting with voters before entering the club. Following the  meet and greet  event some of the attendees hopped on the party bus to City Hall for early voting, and the bus illegally parked in front of City Hall and had to be moved.Here s a copy of the invitation to the  rally  for John Bel Edwards for Governor of LA: Take a look at all of the footage from Edwards  campaign rally below:Here is John Bel Edwards arriving at Lyve Nite Club:Here s an inside look at the John Bel Edwards purple party bus that was apparently to be used for transporting voters to the  early voting  polls. The bus is complete with stripper poles, a wall of speakers and strobe lights:After parking illegally, the John Bel Edwards Party/ride to early voting precincts bus was made to move:The photos obtained by the Hayride yesterday via Lyve New Orleans  Facebook and Instagram account can be seen below, depicting Edwards  invite (bottom left) among the rest of the night club s featured performers and rappers:After the Hayride posted the exclusive story, multiple Facebook users and Twitter users quickly attempted to shoot down the story, claiming the story was  intellectually dishonest  and that Edwards was not associated with the night club event.Via: The Hayride",0
14931,DEMOCRATIC DEBATE MODERATOR Met With Dem Candidates For Some “Pre-Interviews”….Hummm,"So the moderator of the Democratic debate met with the campaigns of the candidates but didn t give away any questions? Really? And we re supposed to believe this? A  pre-interview  took place to discuss the issues  at play in the race . Isn t that giving the questions away?I d call that a strategy session because we shouldn t forget that Ben Rhodes and David Rhodes are brothers This Saturday s second Democratic debate will be a much smaller affair than the first. With only three candidates on stage, CBS News plans to delve deep into the issues with each candidate and have taken advantage of the smaller pool by doing some intense research. Moderator John Dickerson and his team met with each of the campaigns for more than an hour to discuss the major issues at play in the race, sources on the campaigns said, describing the pre-interview as  informational in nature.  Dickerson is not giving candidates previews of his questions for the debate. Prior to the CNN debate, the campaigns said moderator Anderson Cooper did not reach out directly to them before the candidates took the stage.  Dickerson and his team were very interested in getting to better know the senator s stand on a wide spectrum of issues, what he would do about income inequality in this country,  said Bernie Sanders  spokesman Michael Briggs. He said they discussed issues where there are real differences between the candidates   including gun control, the death penalty and raising taxes on the middle class.  John Dickerson s a smart, impressive guy who cares a lot about the issues,  Briggs said.  I m sure we ll see a smart, issues-oriented debate. Read more: politico",0
14932,"STUDENTS THREATEN YALE PRESIDENT: Give Us $8 Million In Demands To “reduce the intolerable racism,” Or Else","Isn t there a legal term for those kinds of threats? Oh yeah it called Extortion:ex tor tion ik st rSH( )n/ noun the practice of obtaining something, especially money, through force or threats. synonyms: blackmail, shakedown; formalexaction  arrested on a charge of extortion  Unhappy with a series of small concessions from the administration, protesters at Yale University have released a new list of demands that include firing people they don t like and giving their favored programs a budget increase of at least $8 million a year.The new demands, released by a group calling itself Next Yale, were read aloud to Yale president Peter Salovey Thursday night by protesters who marched to his front door at midnight. The group says the demands are necessary to  reduce the intolerable racism that students of color experience on campus every day.  Salovey is given until Nov. 18 to respond.As evidence of Yale s hostile racial climate, the demands cite a widely debunked alleged exclusion of black women from a party hosted at Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity. There is substantial evidence this alleged segregation did not happen.Of the Yale student s demands, the most expensive is the third, which orders the school to increase the budget for Yale s four cultural centers (for Asians, blacks, Hispanics, and American Indians) by two million dollars each, a total expense of $8 million. Along with this increase to their budgets, the students demand that the cultural centers hire five additional full-time employees each. Via: Daily Caller ",0
14933,MIZZOU Cry-Babies Complain Paris Terror Tragedy Is Stealing Spotlight From Their “Struggles”,"Never mind that almost every single aspect of the phony Mizzou controversy has been proven to be a hoax. For these entitled trophy kids, they will never have enough Campus activists in America showed their true faces during an international tragedy last night: they are the selfish, spoiled children we always knew they were.Black Lives Matter and Mizzou protesters responded to the murder of scores of people in Paris at the hands of Islamic extremists by complaining about losing the spotlight and saying their  struggles  were being  erased.  Their struggles, remember, consist of a poop swastika of unknown provenance and unsubstantiated claims of racially-charged remarks somewhere near Missouri s campus.So debased has the language on American campuses become that these incidents, which many observers believe to be hoaxes, just like previous campus scandals celebrated by progressive media, are being referred to as  terrorism  and a  tragedy  by moronic 20-year-olds who have never been told,  No. Via: Breitbart News",0
14934,TED CRUZ Demands We Put Immediate Halt On Plans To Bring Refugees With Terror Ties To America,"Thank God America has people like Ted Cruz in our Senate, who are unafraid speak out against the enemy, and fight for the safety and security of our nation. Now, if we could only get our  Commander in Chief  to accurately identify and confront the enemy America must stand with our allies against the scourge of radical Islamic terrorism. This is an evil that does not discriminate between French, German or American, Christian, Muslim or Jew, soldier, football player, or concert goer. Their only goal is to murder those who do not submit to their vicious, totalitarian ideology. Our deepest condolences go out to our French allies, and I know the government of the United States stands by to offer any assistance necessary. We must now face the facts. Between the downing of the Russian jet over Egypt and this massive coordinated attack on Paris, we are seeing an unmistakable escalation of ISIS  ambitions and the scale of their terrorist attacks outside Syria and Iraq. Even as chaos rages in Paris, we need to take immediate, commonsense steps to preserve our own safety. We need to consult closely with our NATO allies who may be targeted for additional attacks. We need to immediately declare a halt to any plans to bring refugees that may have been infiltrated by ISIS to the United States. We need to redouble our efforts to prevent ISIS agents from penetrating our nation by other means. Such steps, however, are defensive reactions to an enemy that will continue to try to attack us until they succeed once again. We must immediately recognize that our enemy is not  violent extremism.  It is the radical Islamism that has declared jihad against the west. It will not be appeased by outreach or declarations of tolerance. It will not be deterred by targeted airstrikes with zero tolerance for civilian casualties, when the terrorists have such utter disregard for innocent life. We must make it crystal clear that affiliation with ISIS and related terrorist groups brings with it the undying enmity of America that it is, in effect, signing your own death warrant.    Ted Cruz ",0
14935,BREAKING: PARIS TERRORIST Was Syrian Refugee…Arrived In Greece Last Month,"The terror attacks in Paris are a horrific reminder of the consequences nations who open their borders to people who want to kill them will surely face Reports are emerging that one of the terrorists involved in last night s Paris massacre was a Syrian refugee who arrived in Greece last month.Greek journalist Yannis Koutsomitis tweets that the country s Ministry of Public Order and Citizen Protection has confirmed that the terrorist found with a Syrian passport on his person was,  registered as refugee on Leros island in October. Koutsomitis also drew attention to a quote by Greece migration Minister Yiannis Mouzalas, who on September 9th said,  It would be  foolish to believe that there are no jihadists among the refugees that cross into Europe. #Greece PublicOrderMin Toskas confirms Paris attacker w Syrian passport was registered as refugee on Leros island in Oct. /via @AntennaNews  Yannis Koutsomitis (@YanniKouts) November 14, 2015A Syrian passport was discovered on the body of one of the suicide bombers who staged the attack outside the Stade de France during the France v Germany soccer game.If confirmed, the report will be a devastating blow to Angela Merkel and other European leaders who have opened the borders to hundreds of thousands of migrants despite ISIS  vow to exploit the crisis to infiltrate jihadists into the west.Earlier today, Merkel responded to the massacre by calling for people to express  tolerance  towards the migrants.Numerous experts have warned that rolling out the red carpet to migrants from the Middle East would substantitally heighten the risk of terrorists being able to cross into Europe, although such concerns were dismissed by many at the time as fearmongering.Via: InfoWars",0
14936,"SHOCKING! First 10,000 Syrian Refugees Arrive In LA: Estimated Cost To Taxpayers For Family Of Four Is $257,480","WAKE UP AMERICA!  Muslim terrorists,   refugees hand-selected by UN  or  foreign citizens who are unwilling to assimilate with American culture, laws and values  doesn t appear anywhere in the quote by Emma Lazarus that is mounted on our Statue of Liberty: Give me your tired, your poor,  Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,  The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.  Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed, to me:  I lift my lamp beside the golden door. After the Hayride broke the exclusive story on 10,000 Syrian refugees possibly resettling in Baton Rouge, Lafayette and Metairie, it has now come to light that refugees are already coming into the New Orleans area.Catholic Charities, which receive federal grants from U.S. Department of State/Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration, have apparently taken in two Syrian refugee families already and are expecting many more.There are approximately 180 cities in the country that are eligible to accept the 10,000 Syrian refugees. Here is the full list of those cities, which includes Baton Rouge, Matairie and Lafayette:US Refugee Public Affiliate DirectoryThen, once the refugees arrive in the country, they could be dispersed across the 180 cities listed above, where they are to aided within the first 30 to 90 days in settling and finding employment in the area.After approximately 90 days, refugees are no longer eligible for the State Department-funded support that they were receiving through migrant and refugee services. However, they are able to join support programs through the Department of Health and Human Services.Additionally, it is unclear how much the screening process for the 10,000 Syrian refugees will cost American taxpayers.WIDESPREAD WELFAREHowever, the narrative by the national media tends to be one where immigrants and migrants are portrayed as coming to America and not taking any sort of federal government help. In our research, we found that to be the biggest fallacy of all when it comes to the immigration and migrant issue.In a report by the Congressional Office of Refugee Resettlement, nearly 92 percent of refugees in the country were on food stamps between 2008-2013. Additionally, 73 percent of refugees were on Medicaid, 68 percent were receiving some kind of cash welfare almost 20 percent were in public housing.As Americans continue to debate what to do about the humanitarian crisis in the Middle East, this analysis attempts to estimate the costs of resettling refugees from that region in the United States. Although we do not consider all costs, our best estimate is that in their first five years in the United States each refugee from the Middle East costs taxpayers $64,370   12 times what the UN estimates it costs to care for one refugee in neighboring Middle Eastern countries.The cost of resettlement includes heavy welfare use by Middle Eastern refugees; 91 percent receive food stamps and 68 percent receive cash assistance. Costs also include processing refugees, assistance given to new refugees, and aid to refugee-receiving communities. Given the high costs of resettling refugees in the United States, providing for them in neighboring countries in the Middle East may be a more cost-effective way to help them. Via: The HayrideAmong the findings of this analysis:On average, each Middle Eastern refugee resettled in the United States costs an estimated $64,370 in the first five years, or $257,481 per household.The UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) has requested $1,057 to care for each Syrian refugee annually in most countries neighboring Syria.For what it costs to resettle one Middle Eastern refugee in the United States for five years, about 12 refugees can be helped in the Middle East for five years, or 61 refugees can be helped for one year.UNHCR reports a gap of $2.5 billion in funding that it needs to care for approximately four million Syrians in neighboring countries.The five-year cost of resettling about 39,000 Syrian refugees in the United States is enough to erase the current UNHCR funding gap.The five-year costs of resettlement in the United States include $9,230 spent by the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) within HHS and the Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration (PRM) within the State Department in the first year, as well as $55,139 in expenditures on welfare and education.Very heavy use of welfare programs by Middle Eastern refugees, and the fact that they have only 10.5 years of education on average, makes it likely that it will be many years, if ever, before this population will cease to be a net fiscal drain on public coffers   using more in public services than they pay in taxes.It is worth adding that ORR often reports that most refugees are self-sufficient within five years. However, ORR defines  self-sufficiency  as not receiving cash welfare. A household is still considered  self-sufficient  even if it is using any number of non-cash programs such as food stamps, public housing, or Medicaid.Refugees are admitted for humanitarian reasons, not because they are supposed to be self-sufficient, so the drain on public coffers that Middle Eastern refugees create is expected. However, given limited resources, the high cost of resettlement in the United States means careful consideration should be given to alternatives to resettlement if the goal is the help as many people possible. ",0
14937,RADICAL INTERIM MISSOU PREZ EXPOSED AS POLITICAL ACTIVIST…Forced Out Predecessor…VIDEO Shows Coordination With Rich Black Starving Student,"Now we ll just sit back and wait to see if Middleton s name appears on the White House registry in October or early November Mike Middleton, the man just named as the interim president of the University of Missouri, worked as a political activist with the protestors who forced out his predecessor.As NBC reports: The University of Missouri s governing board on Thursday appointed a recently retired administrator to be the university system s interim president.Here is former Missouri University resigning from his position after being bullied by students:The Board of Curators announced that Michael Middleton, 68, will lead the four-campus system until it finds a permanent replacement for Tim Wolfe, who resigned Monday under pressure from students who criticized his administration s response to a series of racial incidents. Middleton retired in August after teaching at the law school for 17 years. But he subsequently worked with the black protestors who created racial tensions by staging a series of direct actions designed to antagonize other students.Middleton is featured prominently in a video released three weeks ago called  Response To Skeptics,  which was produced by a video team at the university s Academic Support Center.The video opens with Jonathan Butler   the lead activist   leveling political charge at people who don t accept the black activists  claim of  racial problems  at the campus, which is located only 120 miles from Ferguson, where the current protests and political campaign began in August 2014.Then Middleton appears, to insist there is a race-relations problem because race-activists say there is a race-relations problem. How can anyone deny there s a race relations issue on this campus? Are they not listening to the people who are saying their is? Are they calling all these people liars? That s as bad as calling all of them racist? This is a problem because a huge part of our community agrees that it s a problem. Middleton is a longtime lawyer and political activist in the race-relations sector. His UM biography says:Professor Middleton joined the law faculty in 1985 after an illustrious career with the federal government in Washington. He was a trial attorney in the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice and in 1977 was appointed Assistant Deputy Director of the Office for Civil Rights at the Department of [Health, Education, and Welfare].After serving as Director of the Office of Systemic Programs for the [Equal Employment Opportunity Commission] and as Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights at the Department of Education, he was appointed Associate General Counsel of the EEOC s trial division. He returned to his alma mater from St. Louis, where he was director of the St. Louis district office of the EEOC.Beginning in 1997 he served as the Interim Vice Provost for Minority Affairs and Faculty Development for the University of Missouri. In 1998 he accepted the position of Deputy Chancellor.Via: Breitbart News",0
14938,"FORMER CIA AGENT SAYS OBAMA WORKING WITH MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD: “to remove American power and influence, including military forces, from Islamic lands.”","Former CIA Agent, Clare Lopez has been ringing the alarm bells about the Islamic influence by members of Obama administration for quite some time now. [See video below.]Clare Lopez is a former CIA officer, and she is risking her professional career to call out President Barack Obama in the biggest way possible.Lopez is well respected in the intelligence community and worked in the Reagan White House. After two decades in the field with the CIA, and as an instructor for special forces and intelligence students, Lopez is now with the Center for Security Policy managing the counter-jihad and Shariah programs.Now, she is claiming Obama is why America has completely  switched sides  during the war on terrorism. America is now supporting the enemy, especially through the Muslim Brotherhood.Lopez has been unwilling to speak in public, but has confined with a few members of the House of Representatives her serious concerns about Obama s motivations about foreign policy decisions.Lopez noted that the war on terrorism has always been about stopping the spread of Shariah Islamic law, until Obama started to make major changes which clearly supported the Muslim Brotherhood s jihadist interests.She said the global war on terror had been an effort to  stay free of Shariah,  or repressive Islamic law, until the Obama administration began siding with such jihadist groups as the Muslim Brotherhood and its affiliates.The transition was easy for Obama, who already hates American values and principles as an ideologically radical Why the switch?Lopez explained, when the so-called Arab Spring appeared in late 2010,  It was time to bring down the secular Muslim rulers who did not enforce Islamic law. And America helped. And why would Obama want to do that?As she told WND earlier this month, Lopez believed the Muslim Brotherhood has thoroughly infiltrated the Obama administration and other branches of the federal government.She also came to the conclusion Obama had essentially the same goals in the Mideast as the late Osama bin Laden:  to remove American power and influence, including military forces, from Islamic lands. The former CIA operative said,  as Israel fought enemies on all sides to remain free, secure and Jewish, America began to move away from Israel and toward its Muslim enemies. And, as Iran moved inexorably toward a deliverable nuclear weapons capability, America helped. In addition, Lopez claims that the only reason Obama approved of the killing of Osama bin Laden is he simply couldn t ignore the chance without looking suspicious. The opportunity presented himself, and he  couldn t delay it any longer.  Via: Top Right NewsHere Is Clare Lopez in 2009 talking about the White House being infiltrated by Islamic Supporters:                      h/t Freedom Daily",0
14939,GOVERNMENT SANTA CANDIDATE Gets Another Huge Endorsement… Just In Time For Christmas,"The USPS is drowning in debt, has lost every one of its life-lines and has mismanaged its funds for decades. No worries though, the US Postal Union is quite certain Socialist Santa Claus will fix everything Presidential hopeful Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) won the endorsement of the American Postal Workers Union on Thursday, giving the self-described democratic socialist a boost as he seeks more support from organized labor in the Democratic primary.APWU represents 200,000 U.S. Postal Service employees and retirees. It s the second major national union and member of the AFL-CIO labor federation to endorse Sanders over rival and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton.Sanders  stands above all others as a true champion of postal workers and other workers throughout the country,  said Mark Dimondstein, the union s president, in a statement. The endorsement came from the union s 13-member executive board.The United States Postal Service (USPS) lost $5.5 billion last year. That is the eighth annual loss in a row and the third-highest ever. The only silver lining is that the loss was below the red-ink tsunami of $15.9 billion in 2012.Why does the federal government deliver the mail? Why does it have a monopoly over delivering the mail?Admittedly, the Postal Service is one of the few government programs with actual constitutional warrant. The Constitution authorizes Congress to establish post offices. And early American politicians rushed to take advantage of their opportunity, creating the Post Office Department in 1792.With politics rather than service as the post office s priority, Congress took the next step and approved the Private Express Statutes, which prevented anyone from competing with the government in delivering first-class mail. And Uncle Sam enforced his monopoly, fining would-be competitors, including celebrated libertarian author Lysander Spooner.The feds continue to prosecute anyone with the temerity to compete with the USPS, even threatening the Cub Scouts for once offering to deliver Christmas cards.Believing that Americans existed to serve the USPS left the system ill-equipped to adapt to changing circumstances. In 1971, Congress turned the Post Office Department into the semi-independent USPS. That removed its direct role in politics, but the USPS still is exempt from taxes and regulations, including local parking restrictions. Congress retained its control over postal policies and, of course, preserved the system s delivery monopoly.But banning competition could not preserve the postal market. The number of pieces of mail peaked in 2001 and continues to fall despite a rising population. Mail pieces dropped from 213 billion in 2006 to 155 billion last year, and the number is expected to decline to 130 billion by 2020. The USPS s last profitable year was 2006. Since then, losses have run between $2.8 billion and $15.9 billion. The Postal Service has maxed out its borrowing from Uncle Sam and missed four retiree program payments. With characteristic understatement, the Government Accountability Office observed,  Given its financial problems and outlook, USPS cannot support its current level of service and operations. The postal unions insist that nothing is wrong   at least, nothing that a federal bailout wouldn t solve. They reserve particular ire for the requirement that the USPS prefund workers  retirement. Had this rule not been in place, noted former postmaster general Patrick Donahoe, the Postal Service would have earned money last year.But prefunding protects taxpayers. Washington s unfunded (government) retirement liability is about $800 billion and growing every year. That no other agency is required to prefund is unfair to taxpayers, not the Postal Service, since every agency should have to set aside sufficient money to fulfill its financial promises. With the Postal Service earning too little to pay and with nothing left of its federal credit line, the USPS has defaulted four times over the last three years on its mandated contributions.Sanders has long been a vocal backer of a robust postal service, particularly during the postal reform debate of recent years. APWU views itself as fighting a battle against postal service privatization, and it counts the Vermont senator as perhaps its leading defender.As the postal service bleeds millions in losses   mostly due to unique funding mandates placed upon it by Congress   Sanders has staunchly opposed the closure of postal facilities and cuts in postal service, such as Saturday delivery. He is also a leading proponent of the concept of postal banking, which would allow post offices to provide small loans and compete with payday lenders. Postal banking is a top issue for APWU, and Sanders has sought to make it a campaign issue.In his statement, Dimondstein noted Sanders  long history of standing with workers on picket lines, as well as his support for a national $15 per hour minimum wage. Sanders spoke at a protest against Verizon last month that was held by the Communications Workers of America union, and he joined a Fight for $15 rally outside the U.S. Capitol building earlier this week.Via: Huffington Post ",0
14940,"TEAM CLINTON MEMBER BILL GATES Pushed For Unlimited Guest Worker Permits Last Week…This Week Slashes 18,000 Jobs"," The question is not how Hillary will ever be able to repay the kindness of so many donors to the Clinton Slush Fund/Clinton Charity the question is how will America survive her pay-backs?According to donation records, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation   which funds global vaccine distribution   has donated at least $26 million to the Clinton charity, though records appear to be incomplete so the amount could be higher.On Thursday, a week after former Microsoft CEO Bill Gates argued for amnesty and for an unlimited number of high-tech guest-worker visas, Microsoft announced it would slash 18,000 jobs. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella promised his employees that  we will go through this process in the most thoughtful and transparent way possible.  Analysts told USA Today that the number being let go was  larger than expected. The  vast majority  of employees will reportedly be notified  within the next six months  and  earn severance and job transition help in many locations.  Microsoft employs 125,000 people.Bill Gates, along with Sheldon Adelson and Warren Buffett, advocated removing  the worldwide cap on the number of visas that could be awarded to legal immigrants who had earned a graduate degree in science, technology, engineering or mathematics from an accredited institution of higher education in the United States. However, numerous nonpartisan scholars and studies have determined that there is a surplus   not a shortage   of American high-tech workers. Moreover, after a recent Census report found that  74% of those with a bachelor s degree in these subjects don t work in STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) jobs,  the mainstream media may finally be catching on and taking away the high-tech industry s  free pass.  CBS News, for instance, concluded that the Census data suggest the high-tech industry s contention that there is a shortage of American high-tech  is largely a myth. Ron Hira, a public policy professor at the Rochester Institute of Technology, has  said there are 50% more graduates than job openings in the STEM fields.  Microsoft s announcement hammers home his point that the IT sector has often been  an area of social mobility,  and removing the caps on high-tech guest-worker visas would take jobs away from American workers and make it more difficult to climb the economic ladder. You ve got people who come from working-class backgrounds who go into these sectors,  Hira said on a conference call of scholars earlier this year that Sen. Jeff Sessions'(R-AL) office organized.  It s a way of getting into the middle class and the professional class, and that s being cut off.  Via: Breitbart News ",0
14941,"WRONG COLOR: If Left Really Cared About Police Brutality, They’d Be Protesting Death Of White 6 Yr Old Autistic Boy Whose Dad Was Unarmed With “Hands Up” [VIDEO]","As it turns out, police brutality really isn t the issue at all. It s about dividing a nation down racial lines and the good police men and women are just part of a scheme by the Left that is being orchestrated in the highest office of our nation Police investigating the fatal shooting of a six-year-old autistic boy by two Louisiana state marshals are looking into whether one of the cops had a grudge with the child s father.Jeremy Mardis was shot five times in the head and chest as he sat in the passenger seat of his father Chris Few s car last week by officers Derrick Stafford, 32, and Norris Greenhouse.Investigators are exploring the possibility that Greenhouse, 23, had a personal issue with Few, after Few s fianc e Megan Dixon said the marshal had been messaging her on Facebook and coming round to their home.Ms Dixon has previously said she  was the reason this all started , adding that she knew what happened in the moments leading up to the shooting.Few and Ms Dixon were drinking Budweisers and shots of tequila in T.J. s Lounge and pool bar that evening before getting into an argument, the Denver Post reported.She announced to the bar that they were not seeing each other any more and started dancing with one of the barmen.Few reportedly stormed out of the bar, kicking a door as he left, before getting into a blazing row with Ms Dixon in the parking lot.They drove off in different vehicles and someone called 911.A short while later, after Few had picked up Jeremy, he pulled up next to Ms Dixon at a red light and asked her to come home with him. She said she declined because she was  stubborn .As she pulled away, Ms Dixon said she saw two marshals  cars approaching from behind with their lights flashing.She said she saw Few was pointing at his son s head, showing that he was in the car and he wasn t sure what to do.According to investigators, Few drove down a cul-de-sac as marshals Greenhouse and Stafford came round the corner.Police say Few started reversing and at this point the men opened fire, pumping 18 bullets into the SUV, five of which hit Jeremy in the head and chest.Police are investigating whether Greenhouse (left) had a grudge with Few, who was said to have confronted the cop over Facebook messages and visit to his fiancee. Pictured right, StaffordFew s attorney says footage from a bodycam worn by one of the cops shows the father putting his hands up before the officers started firing.Col. Edmonson on Friday described the footage as  the most disturbing thing I ve seen .He added:  That video was incredible. I mean, as a father, much less head of the state police, I looked at that tape, I said this is incredibly disturbing. Initial reports suggested the marshals had a warrant but it was subsequently discovered that they did not, and it is not known why they pursued Few.Greenhouse and Stafford were charged with second-degree murder and attempted second-degree murder. They are being held on $1million bonds.As you can see here, these two cops were about as bad as two cops can be. Since neither of them are white, and the victim is white, this is a non-story to the citizens who are reportedly  so concerned  about police brutality: Via: Daily Mail ",0
14942,#BlackPrivilegedLives: Truth Behind The (Not So) Poor Oppressed Black Mizzou Student Who Went On “Hunger Strike” Over “White Privilege” [Video],"We ll wait for Nancy Pelosi to call this movement exactly what it is an  astro-turf  movement. The  hate cops  and  hate white people  movement is a George Soros funded, Obama, Eric Holder and Al Sharpton inspired movement created to pit  the haves  and the  have nots  against each other. To hell with America and it s great people, this is about something much more important to the Left, it s about a divided nation totally dependent upon the government.No justice no peace! We have nothing to lose but our chains  -Jonathan Butler, son of very successful multi-millionaire parents.Jonathan Butler, a central figure in the protests at the University of Missouri, is an Omaha native and the son of a railroad vice president, the Omaha World-Herald reports.Butler refused food last week in a move to force the university system s president, Timothy M. Wolfe, from office. Wolfe resigned Monday and Butler ended his hunger strike.Jonathan Butler played high-school football at Omaha Central High, where he won a state championship, and earned a bachelor s degree in business administration from Mizzou, the newspaper reports. He is working toward a master s degree in educational leadership and policy.He is a member of a prominent Omaha family. The newspaper says that Butler s father is Eric L. Butler, executive vice president for sales and marketing for the Union Pacific Railroad. His 2014 compensation was $8.4 million, according to regulatory filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Via: SLTButler s turn from silent type to activist wasn t a complete surprise to his old football coach, Jay Ball, who remembered how Butler worked hard to bulk himself up in order to make the move from the junior varsity team to varsity. In his senior year, Butler started on a team that won the state title.Ball said Butler wasn t a big guy   standing about 5-foot-9, tops. But Ball practically had to kick Butler out of the weight room because the aspiring player spent so much time there, pushing himself.  I can remember watching him squat,  Ball said.  His eyeballs bulged out. Ball said Butler led by example, not rah-rah bravado.  He was really smart,  Ball said,  a very coachable kid. Ball said Butler s drive, tenacity and effort probably served him well these past weeks.In his senior yearbook, Butler is shown twice: once in a tie for his class portrait and once in a tiny football team photograph. According to teachers and administrators, he was not the kind of student who organized events or served on the student council. Instead, he was a quiet, solid student who paid attention.Now Butler is the public face of a protest that drew national attention and felled two top leaders. Butler and others have said he s not the center   several women at Mizzou plus the school s student body president took more public positions earlier. But his hunger strike, which stretched for eight days, seems to have been the catalyst.Where did this activism come from?Butler did not respond to a World-Herald reporter s requests for interviews. His parents declined to comment. They traveled to Missouri on Monday. A family friend described the family as incredibly humble and low profile.Butler has said in news reports that his paternal grandfather, an attorney helping the poor in New York City, was a big influence. So were his parents: Eric is a Union Pacific executive and Cynthia is a former educator who runs an advocacy program. They founded Joy of Life Ministries in their basement, and it has grown into a church now based at 56th Street and Sorensen Parkway.Butler has said that the police shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson in 2014 and the subsequent protests there marked a turning point for him. He spent time in Ferguson, a two-hour drive from Columbia, lending his voice two summers ago.Here is Butler, the self proclaimed speaking to students.  I am a revolutionary. ",0
14943,REPUBLICAN DEBATE: Trump And Kasich Go At It Over Immigration [Video],"Governor Kasich:  What Mr Trump needs to understood that the real jobs come in the downstream, not in the upstream. And that s where we re going to get our jobs. In Ohio it was diversified. And little falsehoods, things sir, they really don t work when it comes to the truth. I m suggesting you can t ship 11 million people out of this country.  Donald Trump:  I ve made tens of thousands of jobs. I ve built an unbelievable company worth billions and billions of dollars. I don t have to listen to this man.  ",0
14944,WOW! New Evidence Shows Event That Sparked Mizzou Racism Controversy Likely Never Happened,"It looks like it s safe for everyone to pack up their little victim tents and head back to the dorms Something stinks at the University of Missouri.A reported incident of vandalism at Mizzou sparked university-wide protests, a boycott by the school s 4-5 football team, and eventually the resignation of the university s president and chancellor.There s only one problem: no evidence of the alleged incident, in which a poop swastika on the wall of a dormitory restroom was reported, has ever been made publicly available. Did this incident occur as reported, or was it an immaculate defecation that formed the foundation of an unimaginable deception?According to Billy Donley, the president of Mizzou s Residence Halls Association (RHA), the poop swastika was reported at approximately 2:00 a.m. on October 24, 2015. On Saturday, October 24th, at 2:00am an individual came into one of the restrooms in Gateway Hall and drew a swastika on the wall with their own feces,  Donley wrote in a letter several days after the alleged incident.  This event happened while many students, including myself, were already asleep. Later in his letter, Donley noted that he only founded out about the alleged vandalism incident  via a flyer posted on the walls  of the dorm.Although Donley did not respond to repeated requests for comment prior to publication, The Federalist spoke with two RHA staffers while trying to get in touch with Donley. Neither had personally witnessed the poop swastika. When asked if there was any photographic evidence of the alleged incident, one staffer replied,  Not to my knowledge. Frankie Minor, the director of residential life at Mizzou, did not respond to repeated requests for comment on whether he personally saw the poop swastika or any photographic evidence of it.The Federalist also attempted to contact Christian Basi, the associate director of the University of Missouri News Bureau, who previously told the Columbia Missourian on Oct. 30 that the incident had been immediately reported to Mizzou police. Basi did not respond to requests for comment prior to the publication of this article.Calls to the University of Missouri Police Department, which responded to and investigated the alleged poop swastika incident, also failed to yield any evidence of the poopstika.Multiple activists on Twitter pointed to this photo as proof that the incident occurred as reported, but a Google search for the same image shows that it has been floating around the Internet for nearly a year. A reddit thread from November of 2014 appears to contain the earliest publication of the photo in question, meaning that it most certainly does not constitute proof of the incident alleged to have occurred at Mizzou on October 24, 2015.Maj. Brian Weimer, the public information officer for the Mizzou police department, told The Federalist that he also did not personally see the poop swastika that was reported to police. When asked if anyone in the police department personally witnessed the swastika, Maj. Weimer clammed up and referred all questions about the incident to the university s custodian of public records.The Federalist also repeatedly contacted @ConcernedStudent1950, the Twitter account representing Mizzou protesters who issued a series of demands of university administrators after the alleged poop swastika incident made headlines. The individuals running the @CS1950 account failed to produce any photographic or documentary evidence of the incident prior to publication of this article.While a mere absence of evidence is not synonymous with evidence of absence, the complete lack of any verifiable photographic evidence of the alleged poop swastika and the lack of any named eye witnesses raises serious questions about the veracity of a racially charged incident of vandalism that eventually led to the resignation of the University of Missouri s two top administrators.Did the incident happen as reported, or did two university administrators resign over protests that were sparked by a hoax? And if the incident did happen as reported, a proposition for which no publicly available evidence currently exists, how did university administrators and law enforcement authorities confirm that the vandalism was driven by racial animosity, as opposed to being promulgated as a public relations stunt meant to tar the university for failing to provide an environment free of racist invective? It would not be the first time a public university fell victim to a high profile PR stunt that was later revealed to be a fabrication. Either way, students, their parents, university employees, and Missouri taxpayers deserve solid, verifiable answers based on clear evidence about what exactly transpired in that Gateway Wall bathroom in the early morning of October 24.Under the provisions of Missouri s broad public records laws, The Federalist has requested from the University of Missouri copies of any and all records relating to the alleged vandalism, including any police or incident reports describing the investigation of the poop swastika by law enforcement authorities, as well as any photographic records of the alleged swastika, and will make that information available if and when it is received from university officials. Via: The Federalist",0
14945,BREAKING BAD NEWS FOR HILLARY: FBI Expanding Investigation Into E-mails [Video],"The FBI is digging deeper into the e-mails of Hillary Clinton: The FBI is opening up a bigger can of worms and trying to interview officials who could have been e-mailed. This is a big deal and concerns whether classified information was put out there.POLITICO reported on the full blown investigation: The FBI around early October requested documents from a company involved in the server arrangement after Clinton left State. It also interviewed a former high-ranking policy official at State about the contents of top Clinton aides  emails. The official, who spoke to POLITICO on the condition of anonymity, said the questions explored whether anyone at State was concerned about classified information being put at risk by communicating over email. The source did not know of any such concerns. Confirmation of the interview and document requests is the first public indication that the agency is moving ahead with its inquiry and possibly expanding it.The former State Department official approached by the FBI was not involved with the set-up or approval of the personal email system Clinton used while she served as secretary of state, which indicates that the FBI may now be examining staff communications in addition to the security of Clinton s server. This sounds to me like it s more than a preliminary inquiry; it sounds like a full-blown investigation,  former assistant director of the FBI Tom Fuentes said.  When you have this amount of resources going into it  . I think it s at the investigative level. When the Department of Justice seized Clinton s server in August after the inspector general of the intelligence community concluded that multiple emails contained classified information, the probe was considered preliminary.The FBI does not need to say publicly that it has escalated a preliminary investigation to a full-fledged one.",0
14946,BREAKING: US Appeals Court Deals Obama’s Executive Amnesty Huge Blow,"How many times will our lawless president plead his unconstitutional positions before our Supreme Court? For a Constitutional lawyer, Obama sure does have a difficult time understanding how our laws work President Barack Obama s executive action to shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation suffered a legal setback on Monday with an appeal to the Supreme Court now the administration s only option.The 2-1 decision by the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans to uphold a May injunction deals a blow to Obama s plan, opposed by Republicans and challenged by 26 states.The Obama administration has said it is within its rights to ask the Department of Homeland Security to use discretion before deporting nonviolent migrants with U.S. family ties.The case has become the focal point of the Democratic president s efforts to change U.S. immigration policy.Seeing no progress on legislative reform in Congress, Obama announced last November he would take executive action to help immigrants. He has faced criticism from Republicans who say the program grants amnesty to lawbreakers.In its ruling, the appeals court said it was denying the government s appeal to stay the May injunction  after determining that the appeal was unlikely to succeed on its merits. Republicans hailed the ruling as a victory against the Obama administration.John Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, said in a Twitter message that the court decision was  a major victory for the rule of law. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said in a statement the ruling meant the state, which has led the legal challenge,  has secured an important victory to put a halt to the president s lawlessness. Via: Reuters",0
14947,BREAKING: Dartmouth Tells College Republicans Auditorium “not open to presidential candidates” For Trump Event…But Okay For Hillary Event Tomorrow,"In your face progressivism They re not even attempting to hide it anymore. I m starting to believe these radical colleges and universities are wearing their glaring hypocrisy like a badge of honor Despite refusing to grant permission to the College Republicans to host presidential candidate Donald Trump in the school s largest auditorium in September, on the grounds that the space was not open to presidential candidates, Dartmouth College is now permitting Hillary Clinton to speak in the location this Tuesday.Dartmouth College, an Ivy League school located in rural New Hampshire, has hosted many Republican and Democratic presidential candidates this election cycle in a variety of indoor and outdoor spaces across campus. Over Dartmouth s summer term, Hillary Clinton drew a crowd of around 850 spectators at an outdoor venue. This is a prime example of the school attempting to insert their bias onto the student population.  -Trump Campaign Tweet ThisMichelle Knesbach, a junior at Dartmouth and president of the school s College Republicans chapter, told Campus Reform that the College Republicans began to invite candidates to campus after New Hampshire s  First in the Nation  event, where members of the group had the opportunity to meet the candidates and their staff in person. We discussed opportunities for Donald Trump to come up to Dartmouth. We got to the point where it looked like we had a date set for September 30,  Knesbach stated.While previous candidates had drawn sizable crowds when they visited Dartmouth, students and Trump staffers anticipated the need for a much larger space than the other candidates had used. The only space that could fit the anticipated 800 people, Spaulding Auditorium, is located in Dartmouth s Hopkins Center for the Arts, a large building that is home to a number of performance spaces and many of the school s arts programs.Knesbach explained that,  knowing that Donald Trump was going to get a huge crowd, I asked for Spaulding Auditorium in an email to Laura LaMontagne, an events facilitator, around mid-August. I was told that it was a possibility, and we looked at availability. We were initially told, via email, that there might be a possibility of using Spaulding. Shortly thereafter, Knesbach and the College Republicans Vice President Charles Springer decided to expedite the process by going to see LaMontagne in person. Springer recalled that when they arrived to meet with her, they were joined by another college events staff member named Jim, who Campus Reform believes to be Jim Alberghini, the school s events manager. We were initially talking about using Spaulding as a venue for Trump,  Knesbach said,  Then they explained to us that Spaulding was managed by the Hopkins Center and generally only used for Hopkins Center events. Springer corroborated this statement saying,  [t]hey said that there were only very, very rare exceptions to this and that large expenses and bureaucratic drama were required to make the auditorium available for any event not run by the Hopkins Center. Knesbach explained that the administrators listed examples illustrating that they never allow presidential candidates to use the space. They told us that candidates like Howard Dean and Barack Obama could have filled up Spaulding but were not given the opportunity to use it,  Knesback said. Candidates never get Spaulding.  They said that word for word,  Springer reiterated.A series of email exchanges between Knesbach, college administrators, and the Trump campaign followed the in-person conversation. We told the Trump campaign that we could not secure Spaulding for a candidate event. Then they said that they couldn t visit because there was no indoor venue available that could seat at least 800 people,  said Knesbach,  I told the college via email that the Trump campaign required an indoor venue that could hold 800, and they replied that they could only offer us an outdoor location. As no space could be agreed upon, the Trump campaign decided to cancel its visit to Dartmouth College, choosing another New Hampshire location instead.This past Friday, Dartmouth College Democrats sent a campus-wide email advertising another campus visit by Hillary Clinton. Knesbach and Springer said they were taken aback when they learned of the event s location: Spaulding Auditorium.Despite the Clinton campaign claiming the speaking engagement to be an official campaign event, as evidenced by the screenshot above, Dartmouth s Director of Media Relations , Diana Lawrence, told Campus Reform that,  Spaulding is not available for rent by anyone, including political candidates. It is, however, available for use (through reservation) by campus groups holding College-sponsored events. Hillary Clinton s visit on Tuesday is an event sponsored by the Tuck School of Business as part of their presidential candidates  speakers series. Lawrence also pointed out that during the 2012 presidential election cycle Spaulding Auditorium was host to a Republican presidential debate; however thus far during the current election cycle no candidates have been granted access to the space.George Pataki, the former Republican governor of New York, and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham have already spoken at Dartmouth as part of the America s Economic Future series, co-sponsored by the Tuck School of Business and the Nelson A. Rockefeller Center. Neither spoke at Spaulding Auditorium.A spokesperson for the Trump campaign told Campus Reform that the claims made by the College Republicans are completely accurate and that the campaign was  told Spaulding Auditorium would be off limits to all presidential candidates this election cycle. The spokesperson added that the Trump campaign believes  this is a prime example of the school attempting to insert their bias onto the student population.  Via: Campus Reform",0
14948,#WarOnChristmas: Starbucks Attempts To Capitalize On Christmas By Erasing Any Sign Of Christmas From “Red Cup”,"War on Christmas update: Some very clever people are asking you to join their campaign to remind Starbucks and their customers that Christmas is more than a red holiday!Social media has seized on the year-on-year stripping of Christmas-themed symbols from Starbucks  famous  Red Cups , with angry users tweeting #MerryChristmasStarbucks following a Breitbart London report on the company s  War on Christmas .When the coffee chain launched their 2015 seasonal cup design there was a marked difference from prior years, with no actual decoration being offered on the 2015 cups. The #RedCups press release described the cups as a  more open way to usher in the holiday. Breitbart London editor-in-chief Raheem Kassam broke the story last week, with CNN, the Huffington Post, the Telegraph, TIME magazine and others all following Breitbart s lead on the story of Christmas being eroded from the annually marketed Starbucks Christmas cups or  Red Cups. Members of the British Parliament, as well as Christian charities spoke out against the move, with Sir David Amess MP telling Breitbart London:  This is utter madness. Who was the idiot who thought this up? He should be sacked! Prior years have brandished illustrations from Christmas ornaments over evergreen tree branches to merry carolers and reindeer. Other years have been less obviously Christmas, but this year s offering bears zero illustrative reference to the Christmas season.Several stories have followed pondering the cultural  war on Christmas  and whether this year s Starbucks seasonal cups are indicative of a greater cultural cleansing of Christmas in the West.Some coffee shops haven t forgotten to remember Christmas is the reason we celebrate this season:#MerryChristmasStarbucks (from @DunkinDonuts this morning) pic.twitter.com/4I7IsDM5TQ  Michael Graham (@IAMMGraham) November 9, 2015Social media commenters indicated their disappointment with the naked design. In one video, customer Joshua Feuerstein suggested that customers give their name as  Merry Christmas  to add a measure of Christmas back in to their coffee drinking experience.Can I get a name for your cup? Sure. ""Merry Christmas"" #MerryChristmasStarbucks pic.twitter.com/lFgFASnBsi  Jay Carr (@Jay_Carr) November 6, 2015As the Red Cups story developed, #MerryChristmasStarbucks began trending on social media. Both those attempting to re-infuse Christmas into the season and those who refuse the idea of a cultural  war on Christmas  to those that just think the new design is simply  boring  have utilised the hashtag.Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz is no stranger to controversy and political correctness. One example is the company engaging in efforts to legalize homosexual marriage. In the wake of a boycott from a pro-traditional marriage group Schultz lashed back. At a shareholder s meeting in March 2013, Schultz proclaimed that a shareholder concerned with effects of the political endeavors on earnings could sell their shares. Via: Breitbart News",0
14949,"JV TEAM UPDATE: ISIS Hackers Publish Phone Numbers And Personal Info Of CIA, FBI and NSA Members On Twitter"," The electronic war has not yet begun,    The JV teamThe Islamic State s hacking division has published personal details, including phone numbers, of the heads of the CIA, FBI and the National Security Agency as part of a coordinated hacking attack, according to reports by The Mail on Sunday. We are back  the hacking group declared.  We need years to publish what we have. We will raise our flag in the heart of Europe. #ISIS Cyber Caliphate Hacks 54k Twitter accounts, including ones of CIA and FBI officialshttps://t.co/2OCSWiqr3O pic.twitter.com/Ssl6jPoIQs  TRACterrorism.org (@TRACterrorism) November 9, 2015The group, calling itself  cyber-Caliphate  also posted details of 54,000 Twitter accounts, tweeting a link to the database, posted online.Once the passwords were put out online, the group encouraged ISIS supporters to take over the accounts and use them to put out ISIS propaganda. Due to the volume of information published, some victims were unaware they had been hacked when contacted by the Mail on Sunday.Twitter was notified swiftly by an intelligence agency and suspended the cyber caliphate Twitter account.The Islamic State s hacking division was founded by British jihadist Junaid Hussain, who was killed in a drone strike in August. The UK is introducing strict new anti-terrorism surveillance legislation which will enable the government to access the web history of anyone in Britain without a warrant. Internet service providers will also be forced to store the internet history of customers for one year. Via: Clarion Project",0
14950,You Wouldn’t Allow Someone To Abuse Your Child…So Why Do We Allow Climate Change Radicals To Target Them?," So, if the climate scare-mongers can t frighten the adults, the next logical step is to heap angst on their children who then frighten (or better, pester) the adults into action. You need to read this ENTIRE story and watch the video near the end of the page. Finally, the United Nations Environmental Programme is spending our money to come out with scary children s fairy tales about global warming. Sedena, the Mother of the Sea, is featured in the UN Environmental Programme s latest children s book on global warming entitled  Tore and the Town on Thin Ice . This book tells the story of a young boy named Tore who lives in a village in the Arctic and is upset when he loses a dog sled race. The Mother of the Sea appears in Tore s dream and informs him that the thinning ice, which caused his loss in the dog sled race, was due to man-made global warming. But that is nothing compared to what it is doing to the Mother of the Sea s own dominion and to all living creatures. She sends an owl, a polar bear, and a whale to scare poor Tore into thinking that they will become extinct during his lifetime and that  our world is melting  from climate changes, mostly caused by those bad people in  rich countries  who are spewing gases in the air from their  huge cars , air conditioners and the like. In the words of the whale, children like Tore should  get good and angry . The book ends with a so-called  facts  section, blaming climate change on the  Industrial Revolution in Europe and North America  and singling out the United States in particular for its contribution to the production of  carbon dioxide added by humans.  It claims that  climate change will hit the poorer countries hardest  while at the same time saying that New York along with other coastal areas  could disappear beneath the waves. A psychotherapist, a true believer in the Climate Church, nevertheless argues that children should not be targeted by the climate activists   it is not good for the children and it is not good for the cause. I wish she could also see that her cause is a phony one, but I m glad she is against harming children in the name of it:Climate change community groups often want to work with children.  We must get into the schools,  says someone and there is a nod of agreement. It s worth thinking about the psychology behind this. Why is this idea so appealing? And why is it so damaging?The appeal is clear. It s fun working with children: they re responsive, creative and willing. And it s certainly easier than working with white-van-man, frequent fliers or the oil industry. The reasons given for working with children are usually two-fold:We need to influence them while they are young. If they understand the issue and the effect of their actions, they will grow up finding it natural to care for the environment. It s a good way of getting to their parents. Who can resist their child pleading with them to change the lightbulbs because it will save a polar bear?Both reasons are suspect. The first reason assumes that instruction   at best participatory, at worst didactic   is the route either to action or to the inculcation of positive values towards the environment. There is little evidence for this. We know that information based campaigns have a limited impact with adults, so why should we expect children to be different? As for values   these tend to be formed through experience, relationship, identification and social systems, not through information. If the school has an influence on values it will be through its culture, ethos and the relationships and experiences it offers not through the information it provides.Both reasons also raise direct ethical questions. It is easy to engage the sympathies of children with stories of damage to the natural world and images of suffering animals they will identify with. But children have very little power. Of all the sections of society who might make an impact on climate change, they have the least influence, the least agency, the least leverage. There is a real risk of raising levels of anxiety amongst children that will not only cause distress in the immediate term but will in the long term lead to those children turning against the environmental causes we hoped they might espouse.When I was 10 a speaker came to my school and told us about food shortages and starvation in the third world. I rushed home and explained to my parents that we needed to grow more food. I couldn t understand why they wouldn t accede to my idea of banding together with the neighbours and turning all our back gardens into a corn field. I was left haunted by images of dying children, guilt at my good fortune and the anxiety that feeds on powerlessness. In adolescence I became determinedly indifferent to the appeals from 3rd world charities. As an adult I have continued to find them difficult to relate to.We need to ask   what happens to the child whose parents are indifferent to their attempts to get them to act? What happens to the child who is overwhelmed by stories of disasters he or she cannot influence?But the deeper question is   why are adults so keen to focus on children? Why concentrate on the weakest, least influential members of society and ask them to act?Got kids? Watched as they ve been indoctrinated   sorry, I mean educated   about global warming over the last decade? Then you ll know what I mean. They come home from school moodily depressed about the future of our planet and, of course, what that means for their own lives. What s the point? We re all doomed! Why study? Why bother getting an education? It s futile. Sea levels are rising. Temperatures are soaring. Soon we ll all be living in a polluted hell-hole constantly battling the equivalent of the Queensland floods or the Victorian bushfires year upon year. And you want me to waste what precious time I have left studying accountancy? It s called nihilism, and it s even more terrifying to witness in your teenage children than hickeys, drunkenness, truancy, insolence, idleness, bad marks or bullying. Nihilism, or the conviction that life on Earth is totally pointless, saps the young of their energy, their ambition, and their will to strive, struggle and triumph.  Extract from an online article by Rowan Dean, 17 August 2011.A postgraduate student in Oxford gets it  This should be a wake-up call for all the purveyors of the  politics of fear . Children are, naturally, relatively powerless and likely to feel overwhelmed by the challenges facing mankind. But as adults, we should have a greater sense of our own collective power to master problems and build better societies. Not only does jumping from one panic to another, each with disastrous consequences   mobile phone radiation, BSE, SARS, crime, paedophilia, terrorism, bird flu, global warming   diminish our own sense of agency, by turning childhood dreams of utopia into nightmarish visions of the future it is teaching the citizens of the future all the wrong lessons. This is one of the best videos we have seen on  climate change.  There are 5 parts to this series. This is Part 1:An excellent, easy to understand piece about the TRUTH surrounding phony climate cooling, warming, change:The pollution resulting from the rapid uncontrolled post-war industrial expansion spawned two environmentalist movements. One group primarily composed of physical scientists and engineers set about to directly address the pollution problems by developing facilities and legislative controls that have to date virtually eliminated industrial contamination of soil, water and air.A second group primarily composed of activists with little or no physical science background did nothing but protest against industry without ever having addressed a single environmental problem for which they created a solution.While the physical scientists and engineers worked quietly with industry solving the environmental problems, the ideology driven environmentalist activists, used dramatic alarmist rhetoric to gain media control and have become a dominant political force capable of forcing their self-serving ideologies on the general public with impunity.The Earth entered a cooling phase in 1942, and by 1970 the environmentalists found a way to blame this cooling on industrial expansion. The concept was that particulate matter from fossil fuel usage was blocking energy from the sun giving this cooling effect. This concept was incorporated as a parameter in the crude climate models of the time, and the predictions from models run by James Hansen in 1971 projected fifty years of further cooling from the increased use of fossil fuels.Only four years later, and in spite of the continued increase in fossil fuel usage global cooling came to an end, proving that the models did not have a proper physical basis for relating fossil fuel usage to global cooling.By 1988, after 13 years of global warming the ideological environmentalists developed a new tact for blaming fossil fuels. The British Government had embarked on a political campaign to promote their nuclear industry and attack the powerful coal unions by creating alarmist scenarios of  runaway global warming  resulting from CO2 produced by coal and other fossil fuels. This was entirely political in nature with absolutely no scientific backing, but it did make the perfect weapon for the environmentalists to promote their anti energy (and anti humanity) ideology. All that was needed was some scientific justification.As was done in 1971, climate models which were now far more sophisticated provided the science backing. Instead of blaming fossil fuels for blocking incoming solar radiation, the models removed this parameter and replaced it with a newly contrived parameter that now related global warming to the effect of fossil fuel sourced CO2 on the outgoing thermal radiation from the Earth.This model also produced by James Hansen, projected warming for the next century because of the fossil fuel CO2 emissions that were increasing at a continued accelerated rate. As with the 1971 model, the 1988 model was proven to be false when global warming ended after 1998 even as CO2 emissions continued to rise at unprecedented rates. To make matters worse since 2002, the Earth has been cooling making all of the projections clearly in the wrong direction.By even the most basic standards of ethical science, models that first predict cooling from fossil fuel usage that are discredited just four years later when warming occurs with increased usage, and then predict warming from fossil fuel usage and are again discredited ten years later as cooling reoccurs with increased usage, would be declared absolutely invalid; but when ideology is involved science protocol is totally abandoned.Impact 2009As a result of the alarmist predictions of the 1988 climate models of Hansen, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) was formed under the auspices of the United Nations. This body was given a science mandate to investigate the possibility of human effects on climate to determine if the projections of Hansen were valid.The true nature of the IPCC was not that of a science based body, but that of a political body to give scientific legitimacy to false alarmist predictions in order to meet a political self serving environmentalist agenda. Since its inception, the IPCC has used its position of authority to promote its agenda to the detriment of science and even more importantly to the detriment of the global population.From 1997 to 1998 the average global temperature increased by over half a degree C and from 1998 to 1999 the average global temperature fell by over half a degree C. This was due to an extraordinary el Ni o and has nothing to do with either the greenhouse effect or CO2 emissions (CO2 emissions increased from 24.0gt/y in 1997 to 24.2gt/y in 1998 to 24.4gt/y in 1999).An honest scientific body would have made some sort of statement to this effect, but the IPCC in their 2001 Third Assessment Report and particularly in their Summary for Policy Makers for this report not only made no mention of the fact that from 1998 to 1999 the Earth cooled more than it had ever cooled during the entire global temperature record, but emphatically stated that from 1997 to 1998 the Earth had warmed more than it ever had.This is an absolute violation of science ethics because the policy makers were purposely misinformed with alarmist rhetoric. This same 2001 report also stated that the observed global warming for the past century which they stated was attributable to CO2 emissions was measured at 0.60 C + 0.20 C. This is only 0.006 C per year making the el Ni o temperature spike over eighty times greater than what the IPCC stated was attributable to CO2 emissions, so it is clear that this was stated for the purpose of politically motivated alarmism and not to properly convey information in a scientifically justified manner.The 2001 IPCC report also included the infamous MBH98  Hockey Stick  temperature proxy which used physical temperature measurement data up to and including 1998 which gave the alarmist impression of twice the 20th century warming because 1999 was not included.The Hockey Stick graph became the pivotal evidence that convinced governments around the world to ratify the Kyoto Protocol, that has resulted in such detrimental effects to the global population and global economy.In this regard the el Ni o temperature spike of 1998 may be considered the most significant climate event in recent history, and when one considers the hundreds of millions of the world s poorest people starving because of Kyoto biofuel initiatives that has literally taken their food away and made it into  Kyoto friendly  fuel, this el Ni o might also be considered the most tragic climate event as well.Through diligence and hard work physical scientists were able to correct most of the environmental problems that had been created through industrialization, but there is no scientific effort capable of undoing the damage caused to the global population by the ideological environmentalists. This issue is now out of the hands of the scientists and the only salvation for the global population is the media who must readopt their lost journalistic integrity and expose the true nature of this global fraud.",0
14951,RADICAL NY Attorney General Cracking Down On Conservatism…Working To Make Opposing The Left A Crime,"Lois Lerner s criminal behavior with the IRS targeting of conservatives was just a test run Here s a little reminder for anyone who doesn t believe that what the left really wants is a totalitarian state in which opposition to its agenda is a crime.New York s Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is extreme even by left-wing standards. He s a radical who ran by promising that violent racist thug Al Sharpton would have an  annex  in Albany if he won.Now Schneiderman and a few left-wing congressmembers have come up with a great idea. Charge Exxon with securities fraud for not  disclosing  the risks of Global Warming.Whether on not any charges happen, this is a foot in the door for an agenda list that goes well beyond Global Warming.After energy companies that aren t paying protection money to Al Gore, gun manufacturers can be hit with charges for not  disclosing the risks  of gun violence. Private prisons can be hit for not disclosing the risks of failing to back sentencing reforms. Educational companies can be hit with charges for not disclosing the risks of not adopting Common Core.Basically any company that disagrees with a left-wing policy can be hit with civil and criminal charges. It helps if the company, like Exxon, at one point employed kooks who claimed the sky was falling. But that just makes the case easier. If the executives disagree with a left-wing policy, it s securities fraud.Under this standard, it becomes child s play to cut off conservative organization from any corporate funding. Furthermore, conservative organizations would be muzzled by extension. Funding organizations and people that dissent from the left would be  fraud . Because that is what this is really about.Global Warming is the testbed for making leftist ideology mandatory. Manufacture a fake consensus, then use the law to make it mandatory.Then there can be a pseudo-scientific consensus on a variety of issues, such as the need for higher taxes, and a crackdown on anyone who disagrees.Since there s money in pursuing charges like this, and since the best way to get the left off your back is to give their political allies money, this is robbery for tyranny. And that s how the left does business.This is where the left has always been headed. This is a totalitarian movement. Via: Front Page Magazine",0
14952,Governor-Elect Of Kentucky Tells The EPA To Go ‘Pound Sand’ – Cites 10th Amendment,States have rights too! We love the new conservative governor of Kentucky! He means business and it s about time someone stood up to the bloated and over regulated EPA! ,0
14953,BOOM! WATCH TED CRUZ School Pro-Gun Control Liberal On The 2nd Amendment,Just another reason conservatives love Ted Cruz .Share this with everyone ,0
14954,"LEFTIST Resentment Peddler, Larry David (Net Worth $800 Million) Claims $5K Prize For Calling Trump A “Racist”","And why wouldn t he? The leftist comedy writer/actor with a net worth of $800 million, probably needs the money to feed all of the illegal aliens who live with him. Even though we don t have any proof that he has illegal aliens living with him, we re pretty sure every celebrity who speaks out against those who want to close our borders and deport illegals must be taking some personal responsibility for their welfare Right? Not likely Comedian Larry David is going to be picking up a $5,000 bounty for calling billionaire businessman and GOP presidential contender Donald Trump a  racist  on national TV.Earlier in the week, the DEPLORABLE group DeportRacism.com PAC offered a $5,000 reward to anyone who called Trump a racist on-air during Saturday Night Live.During the show s opening monologue   with Trump flanked by cast members Taran Killiam and Darrell Hammond both made up as Trump   David heckled the blustery businessman from offstage, repeatedly yelling,  You re a racist. Trump s a racist. Asked by Trump why he was doing it, David replied,  I heard if I yelled that, they d give me $5000. Despite being written as part of the opening, DeportRacism is making good on their promise. Via: Raw StoryAccording to a press release issued before the show was broadcast on the west coast, Luke Montgomery, campaign director for DeportRacism, said the PAC was  excited  to award the money to David.Here is a great piece entitled: Larry David Curbs His Enthusiasm:You may know Larry David as the writer and producer from Seinfeld. You may know him from Curb Your Enthusiasm. After his most recent New York Times piece, you ll know him as the guy who curbed his intelligence on liberalism:There is a God! It passed! The Bush tax cuts have been extended two years for the upper bracketeers, of which I am a proud member, thank you very much. I m the last person in the world I d want to be beside, but I am beside myself! This is a life changer, I tell you. A life changer!To begin with, I was planning a trip to Cabo with my kids for Christmas vacation. We were going to fly coach, but now with the money I m saving in taxes, I m going to splurge and bump myself up to first class. First class! Somebody told me they serve warm nuts up there, and call you  mister.  I might not get off the plane!The first rule of Fight Club is you never talk about Fight Club. The first rule for the Wealthy Elitist Liberal Club is you always talk about your money. The second? Find a way to feign indignation that the federal government isn t confiscating more of your earnings, without ever mentioning that there s nothing stopping you from turning it over to Uncle Sam.Larry David s Thanks for the Tax Cuts! is based on the false premise that  the rich  is a homogenous group of artists, namely successful Hollywood actors, writers, and producers who occupy their spare time on liberal guilt trips (wealthy Republicans don t count, as Hollywood liberals classify them as monsters).Larry would rather not think about the countless Subchapter S corporations and small mom and pop businesses that benefit from tax cuts because their success is rooted in creating widgets, gadgets, and services the world finds useful; his came about because he s sharp with sex jokes and awkward situations.Americans  naturally do not begrudge someone for their success because the track record for the United States is stellar when it comes to upward economic mobility. Hard work, patience, sound judgment, and a pleasant demeanor tends to take Americans pretty far, which is why they need to be prompted to believe  the rich  boogeyman is out to get them. Smug, self-loathing Hollywood types like Larry David play the part well:This tax cut just might save my life. Who said Republicans don t support health care? I m going to have the blueberries with my cereal, and I m not talking Special K. Those days are over. It s nothing but real granola from now on. The kind you get in the plastic bins in health food stores. Did someone say  organic ?Everyone already knows Larry has enough disposable income to fill his swimming pool with blueberries, just for a giggle, if he wanted. However, the point of Thanks for the Tax Cuts! was to let readers know that higher tax rates would be a pittance to him and his friends. The point is to rub readers  noses in trips to Cabo and expensive organic foods they can t afford, in order to stoke the flames of class warfare liberalism needs to survive.It s not working, Larry. See the recent election results for more details.Americans are getting wise to resentment peddlers who seek to tax you until the day you die before taxing you and the gifts you sought to pass on to family, one more time as Rigor mortis kicks in. They know that it isn t the successful entrepreneurs and businessmen hurting the future prospects of a great nation, but Washington politicians addicted to kamikaze entitlement spending and private property power grabs.The liberal comedian Wanda Sykes once called Larry David Ass Man. After witnessing him try to sell tax hikes by inducing resentment, I couldn t agree more.Watch Larry David call Donald Trump a  racist  during the Saturday Night Live show that crushed the ratings.  It s likely one of the high points in his career. What Larry David may not be able to comprehend in his narrow little world, is that if it weren t for Donald Trump agreeing to host SNL, no one would have even bothered to watch the dying show. Larry David should be thanking Donald for allowing him to appear on the same stage, instead of walking away from the show smugly pretending he had anything at all to do with the show s astronomical ratings.",0
14955,"Live From New York, It’s Donald Trump: SNL And Trump Defy Protests To Go On With A “YUGE” Show [Video]","The show went on last night even though protesters attempted to get Trump dumped from hosting. In true Trump style he was able to laugh at himself and make fun of the protest against him. He turned this into ratings gold for SNL and made us all laugh out loud The faux outrage and twisting of Trump s words on immigration continued outside the Saturday Night Live studio last night: The presidential candidate hosted  Saturday Night Live  this week, turning his controversial appearance into both a punchline and a reality.Much like on the campaign trail, the Republican frontrunner didn t hold back during his monologue, diving right into jokes about Rosie O Donnell, protesters angry about his hosting the show and even fielding an interruption from Larry David:Larry David couldn't miss this opportunity. #SNL https://t.co/CQ3y2BxUtK  Saturday Night Live (@nbcsnl) November 8, 2015  DAD-DANCING IS COOL: Via: NBC",0
14956,What Donald Trump Did For Jennifer Hudson’s Family After A Tragedy Is Fantastic BUT The Media Ignores It,"You won t hear this tidbit of good news about Donald Trump in the main stream media now that he s running for the Republican nomination. The press has totally skipped over this testament to the kindness and generosity of Mr. Trump. Here are the details of how Trump helped Hudson during a family tragedy in 2008:In the wake of her family tragedy, Jennifer Hudson has received a helping hand from a very unlikely source   Donald Trump.Jennifer and some of her family members have been staying at the Trump International Hotel & Tower in Chicago   and Trump has been picking up the tab.  They are safe,  Trump told People on Monday night.  She s a great girl and we re protecting them well.  According to E! Online, Hudson has been staying at the hotel since arriving in Chicago on October 24   the day her mother, Darnell Donerson, and brother, Jason Hudson, were found murdered, and her nephew, Julian King, was found missing. Since checking into the hotel, the Oscar winner and former  American Idol  star has rarely left the hotel.  She is still in shock,  a source told E!.  She hasn t gone out much at all and has a lot of security around her.  Earlier this week, the Illinois Prisoner Review Board ruled William Balfour, the only individual to be identified as a  person of interest  in the murders of Hudson s three family members, would remain in custody while authorities continue their investigation. Although Balfour has not been charged in connection to the slayings, the parole board ruled he had violated his parole and, as a result, would be kept in custody.Read more: Access Hollywood",0
14957,Obama Expected To Release Plan To Close GITMO…And Give It Back To Cuba?,"There s so much to this effort to close GITMO that it s hard to know where to begin. First of all, one of Obama s campaign promises was to close GITMO. Here we are late in his second term and he s still doing everything he can to close this prison for terrorists. We ve dumped millions into the facility, even building a $750,000 soccer field. The Republicans have been blocking Obama s efforts but it s looking more and more like an executive order will be the only way GITMO will close. The second aspect of this Obama plan is that Obama may give GITMO back to Cuba. Raul Castro voiced a desire to have GITMO returned back in January:Cuba President Raul Castro said that if the United States wants to smooth relations, then the United States must first turn over Guantanamo Bay. The reestablishment of diplomatic relations is the start of a process of normalizing bilateral relations, but this will not be possible while the blockade still exists, while they don t give back the territory illegally occupied by the Guantanamo naval base,  Mr. Castro said, AP reported.Gitmo was established by the United States in 1903. Cuba has been demanding the United States give it over to its authority for decades.I wouldn t put it past Obama to give Guantanamo Bay back to Cuba. This is clearly a political move by Obama who s protecting his legacy over the safety and security of the American people. Can you imagine having these terrorists housing in the city you live in?The Pentagon is expected to release a plan next week on President Obama s years-long effort to close the Guantanamo Bay detention center that suggests a Colorado prison dubbed  the Alcatraz of the Rockies  as one suitable site to relocate expected life-long detainees, Obama administration officials say.Obama made a campaign promise in his 2008 White House bid to close the facility, arguing the move would be in the United States  best financial, national security and foreign policy interests and in the name of justice   considering some of the detainees have been held for nearly nine years without trial or sentencing.However, critics of the promise, including many Republicans, fear transferring detainees to the U.S. mainland as part of an overall closure plan poses too much of a homeland security risk. They also say the president has yet to submit a closure plan and have been critical of the administration recently allowing some known terrorists to return to the Middle East.The Florence, Colo., prison is among seven U.S. facilities in Colorado, Kansas and South Carolina being considered.The Pentagon plan represents a last-gasp effort by the administration to convince staunch opponents in Congress that dangerous detainees who can t be transferred safely to other countries should be housed in a U.S.-based prison. Read more: FOX News",0
14958,YOU CAN’T MAKE THIS UP: East Chicago Residents Re-Elect Man Arrested On MURDER and DRUG Charges,"He won on a platform of reducing crime or something like that .Despite being arrested on drug and murder charges, an East Chicago city councilman was re-elected to his office in Tuesday s elections.East Chicago 3rd District Councilman Robert  Coop  Battle cruised to re-election even though he is accused in the Oct. 12 shooting of Reimundo Camarillo Jr. That isn t all. As The Munster Times reports, the councilman is also facing drug charges stemming from a traffic stop earlier in the year.Police say that Councilman Battle was found with 73 pounds of marijuana and more than $100,000 cash during a traffic stop in Porter County, Indiana.Even with all this legal trouble on his plate, no one filed to run against him, and he won re-election on Tuesday with his unopposed candidacy.Still, some have been calling for him to resign his office due to his mounting troubles.But the councilman s attorney insisted that his client is  insulted  by the claims that he should resign. He is presumed innocent until he is proven guilty,  Attorney John Cantrell said.  If he is acquitted, he ll keep his job. Apparently, Battle didn t even vote in his own election. As Lake County Sheriff John Buncich reported, Battle did not request an absentee ballot to vote from the jail.The Associated Press reports,  Battle is seeking bail and a Nov. 17 hearing is planned. On Tuesday a Lake County judge granted prosecutors  request for a DNA mouth swab from Battle. Via: Breitbart News",0
14959,BOOM! Ben Carson Eviscerates Rabid Media Over West Point Accusations…Demands Answers For Why They Didn’t Look Into Obama’s Past [VIDEO],"Ben Carson s professional but hard hitting approach with the progressive media is a breath of fresh air. The Republican party should have been taking it to the media for years. It s really kind of sad that it took this long for the men and women in our party to fight back against their leftist agenda The American people are waking up to your games https://youtu.be/m7X-QOSn0TwListen here to brilliant analysis of attacks by media of Dr. Ben Carson, followed up by an awesome interview with Carson:Another example of the media (in this case CNN) attempting to disparage Carson: ",0
14960,JOKE OF THE DAY,"My wife and I went into town and visited a shop.When we came out, there was a cop writing out a parking ticket.We went up to him and I said,  come on man, how about giving a senior citizen a break? He just ignored us and continued writing the ticket. I called him an  a**hole. He glared at me and started writing another ticket for having worn-out tires. So Shirley (my wife) called him a  s*ithead. He finished the second ticket and put it on the windshield with the first. Then he started writing more tickets.This went on for about 20 minutes.The more we abused him, the more tickets he wrote.He finally finished, sneered at us and walked away.Just then our bus arrived, and we got on it and went home.We always look for cars with Obama stickers.We try to have a little fun each day now that we re retired. Its so important at our age!!!",0
14961,It’s Bad Enough Canadian Magazine Puts A Smiling Terrorist On Cover…Why Would They Ask Two Victims To Pose With Him?,"So who does Canada believe is the actual victim is here?Have you seen the cover of the new Maclean s magazine? That s Rinelle Harper sitting down   she s the Aboriginal woman who was attacked and left for dead in Winnipeg.She became a symbol for racist violence against Aboriginal women   though her alleged attacker was himself Aboriginal.That girl on the right is Amanda Lindhout. She was a waitress who decided she wanted to be a war reporter in Afghanistan, Iraq and Somalia; she was kidnapped by Muslim terrorists and tortured and raped repeatedly.So you ve got two innocent women who were brutalized by violence and would never hurt a fly.And then you ve got Omar Khadr standing behind them, with a huge grin on his face.Omar Khadr is a confessed, convicted Al Qaida terrorist. He plead guilty to five charges of war crimes. He murdered Sgt. Christopher Speer, leaving Tabitha Speer a widow, and their two children, Taryn and Tanner, fatherless.Omar Khadr has never renounced Al Qaida or said that he regrets what he did.Here s how Maclean s describes him, though: Omar Khadr was imprisoned in Guantanamo, captured in 2002 by American forces in Afghanistan and charged with war crimes. So, no mention of the murder he confessed to or his conviction for war crimes.Would Maclean s magazine put a smiling, chatty Paul Bernardo on their cover, and say,  he s suffered so deeply in prison   all because he was charged with crimes. Both are pathological murderers. Why the celebrity treatment?This isn t journalism.This is propaganda.Via: The Rebelh/t Weasel Zippers",0
14962,[VIDEO] CARLY TAKES ON THE VIEW Hacks Only Days After Saying She Has A “Demented Face” And A “Halloween Mask”,"So, if the hosts on this show are just  comedians,  does that mean the low information voters who follow them will stop taking these hacks so seriously? Friday on ABC s  The View,  Republican presidential candidate and former CEO of Hewlett-Packard Carly Fiorina fought toe to toe with the co-hosts over their comments disparaging her face as demented  and a  Halloween Mask. After small talk, Whoopi Goldberg brought up the subject saying,  How about humor? I m going the bring it up because there are going to be lots of comics saying lots of things. I wondered, because we saw some of the that you were a little upset with us about a comic comment that was made. And so, how will you steel your skin? How will you get a thicker skin to accept some of the humorous things that will be said about you? Fiorina said,  Well, hey, if you meant your comment about my face being demented and a Halloween mask as humorous, so be it. I guess you misinterpreted Donald Trump s questions. I have a real thick skin. Joy Behar said,  I defended you against Donald Trump s comment. He s running for president of the United States and he was making a nasty comment about your looks. I took him on. On this show, but, we are comedians here. I make fun of Hillary s pantsuits. Hillary s husband s sex life. Rep. John Boehner s tan. Who else? I don t understand why any politician is exempt from my jokes. Here s the clip from Carly s awesome interview:Fiorina answered,  You know what, Joy. You know what, Joy? You can say whatever you want. You always have. You always will. I m not going to stop that. And don t worry, I have skin plenty thick enough to the take whatever people throw at me. I m making a different point. The different point is this. I think that there are real issues in this nation that we ought to be able to discuss in a fact-based, civil fashion. Michelle Collins said,  I want to add that the demented comment was a poor choice of words. It was responding to something you said during the debates. That people were telling you the smile more. To me, it felt like it was not your natural state of mind. It was not on your looks, it was on your expression. It felt like you were being told to smile more. I m wondering, is that difficult for you? Do you have people coaching you to act or be a different way? Will that help you win the election? Fiorina shot back,  First of all, I don t have people coaching me to act a different way or be a different way. There s a time to smile and a time to be serious. When you re talking about burying a child, it s not time to smile. There are serous issues facing the nation. Goldberg said,  We had you here. I thought we were pretty respectful. I have to tell you, having watched some of the press that you have garnered based on this fake feud with  The View,  I m a little taken aback. Because you kind of said that that somehow liberal women are that we re made uncomfortable by conservative women. We were not uncomfortable with you. Did you think we were uncomfortable with you when you were on? Fiorina said,  First of all, Whoopi. I enjoyed being on the show. The first time. and I m enjoying being on the show the second time. And I think  The View  garnered a lot of publicity over the feud as well. I think that s why we re on. Goldberg said,   We haven t put out any ads or anything. Fiorina said,  I haven t put out any ads either, Whoopi. Via: Breitbart News ",0
14963,MICHELLE OBAMA’S Middle East Speech: Compares Her Oppressive Childhood To Muslim Girls Living Under Sharia Law [VIDEO],"Michelle Obama received $70 million dollars from the feds for her pet project to promote eduction for girls. It s really a front and slush fund for her escapades to Europe, Asia and now the wealthy Middle East Traveling the world on taxpayer dollars is what Mooch does best. This time she s outdone herself with the idiocy of speaking to a radical Muslim group about how bad she had it as a kid in America when these radical Muslims don t think twice about Sharia law and the horror that brings for little girls. What a fool!The First Lady is supposed to be a representative of America and shine a light on the good work we re doing around the world. Michelle Obama can t help but repeatedly bash America and especially slam the status quo in American culture. After all, she did say we need to change our traditions.So here s the latest on her America bashing in the Middle East while on the taxpayer s dime:First Lady Michelle Obama is in Qatar this week for a summit sponsored by a state-controlled foundation that is known for operating mosques that have welcomed extremist clerics, according to a range of sources.Obama is in Qatar a country under congressional scrutiny for its financing of terrorists through the end of the week to attend the country s World Innovation Summit for Education, an annual educational conference sponsored by the Qatar Foundation, which has been marred in controversy due to its ongoing hosting of radical clerics.Founded and run by the former Qatari emir s wife, Sheikha Mozah, the Qatar Foundation houses six satellite campuses owned by American universities and other Western schools at a site outside Doha known as Education City.At its mosque there, the Foundation has welcomed multiple radical clerics in the past several months, prompting criticism from some who accuse the charity of quietly promoting terrorism.One cleric who recently spoke at the mosque, Omar Abdelkafi, has mocked the killings of French satirical writers at Charlie Hebdo, calling the terrorist act  the sequel to the comedy film of 9/11.  Another maintained that  Jews and their helpers must be destroyed. The ongoing appearance of these clerics at the foundation s mosque has raised questions about the Obama administration s endorsement of the charity, which has strived to maintain international legitimacy.Read more: WFBObama addressed the foundation on Wednesday:Michelle Obama went to Qatar to give a speech on girls education. There, the first lady of the United States complained about growing up as a girl in America. Back when I was a girl, even though I was bright and curious and I had plenty of opinions of my own, people were often more interested in hearing what my brother had to say. And my parents didn t have much money; neither of them had a university degree. So when I got to school, I sometimes encountered teachers who assumed that a girl like me wouldn t be a good student. I was even told that I would never be admitted to a prestigious university, so I shouldn t even bother to apply,  Obama said at the Qatar National Convention Center in Doha.  Like so many girls across the globe, I got the message that I shouldn t take up too much space in this world. That I should speak softly and rarely. That I should have modest ambitions for my future. That I should do what I was told and not ask too many questions. But I was lucky, because I had parents who believed in me, who had big dreams for me. They told me, don t ever listen to those who doubt you. They said, just work harder to prove them wrong.  And that s what I did. I went to school. I worked hard. I got good grades. I got accepted to top universities. I went on to become a lawyer, a city government employee, a hospital executive, and  - the most important job I ve ever had  - a mother to two beautiful girls.  Obama did say that the U.S. has made progress.  And as I moved forward, so did my country. In each generation, brave women and men fought to end gender discrimination in the workplace, to pass tougher laws against rape and domestic abuse, to ensure equal access to education for women. And while we still have work to do to achieve full economic, political equality for women in the U.S., today, nearly 60 percent of American university students are women. And as for the law school at Harvard University  - which I actually got my law degree   the Dean of the school is now a woman, as are half the students.  Here s a bit from Michelle Obama s speech: ",0
14964,MEDIA ATTEMPTS HIT JOB ON BEN CARSON With West Point Fabrication Story… But Here’s The Truth,"It s too bad the media didn t work as hard to expose the massive lies about Barack Hussein Obama and his background during his campaign. Many are calling this the end of Carson s political career. Compare this mostly innocuous fabrication to the fact that Hillary Clinton put our nation s security at risk with her personal email server. What about the incredible lie Hillary told about  the controversial video  to the families of the 4 brave Americans whose caskets were just unloaded off the plane from Benghazi? Compare this to the multiple lies that have been exposed about Hillary and Bill s corrupt money laundering for political favors  charity.  Does anyone remember how the media circled the wagons for Barack Hussein Obama when it was discovered he sat in the pews of a black liberation theology church for over 20 years listening to a close friend and mentor preach hate towards whites and the United States of America? What about the birth certificate, the fake social security numbers, the lies Obama told about his illegal relative he claimed he didn t know, but then later it was revealed that he actually lived with him? None of those things mattered. Obama was untouchable and if you criticized him or the lies he told about his past, the media and the left were quick to label you as an intolerant  racist. Compare and contrast the treatment of Hillary Clinton, Barack Hussein Obama and black conservative, Dr. Ben Carson by the media. But the feeding frenzy on Ben Carson by the progressive media will continue unabated and unchecked, because nobody in the GOP has the cajones to stand up to them. And that, my friends is why the non-establishment GOP candidates who are fighting back against the leftist media are polling at the top. America is ready for a fighter, and if we truly love our country, every one of us should be standing shoulder to shoulder behind Trump, Carson and Cruz who are being openly punished by the media for standing up to them Never underestimate the capacity of the media to propagandize against Republicans.That s the theme of this morning s overwrought news coverage on Dr. Ben Carson s supposed  lie  regarding a  scholarship  to West Point. The story began with Politico, which ran with the audacious headline,  Ben Carson admits fabricating West Point scholarship.  Even I was taken in by the headline   after all, that s a pretty bold claim!Politico began thusly:Ben Carson s campaign on Friday admitted, in a response to an inquiry from POLITICO, that a central point in his inspirational personal story was fabricated: his application and acceptance into the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.The key word here is  fabricated.  Did the Carson campaign admit any such thing? Absolutely not. The facts reported by Politico don t even support this interpretation of the Carson campaign s response. According to Politico, Carson said in his 1992 memoir Gifted Hands that he was offered a  full scholarship  to West Point after dining with General William Westmoreland in 1969. Here s the relevant passage from Carson s autobiography:At the end of my twelfth grade I marched at the head of the Memorial Day parade. I felt so proud, my chest bursting with ribbons and braids of every kind. To make it more wonderful, We had important visitors that day. Two soldiers who had won the Congressional Medal of Honor in Viet Nam were present. More exciting to me, General William Westmoreland (very prominent in the Viet Nam war) attended with an impressive entourage. Afterward, Sgt. Hunt introduced me to General Westmoreland, and I had dinner with him and the Congressional Medal winners. Later I was offered a full scholarship to West Point. I didn t refuse the scholarship outright, but I let them know that a military career wasn t where I saw myself going.That s the entire relevant portion of Carson s account. He reiterated that account last month in an interview with Charlie Rose, when he said,  I was offered a full scholarship at West Point, got to meet General Westmoreland and go to Congressional Medal of Honor dinners. But decided really my pathway would be medicine. Politico followed up on this story. They reported one additional pieces of information that seem to conflict with Carson s story: Carson never applied to West Point, and was never extended admission.But Carson never said he applied. He said he was extended a full scholarship offer. What s more, West Point doesn t offer scholarships: all admission is free contingent on serving in the military afterwards. It thus seems probable that Westmoreland or another military figure tried to recruit Carson, telling him that he wouldn t have to pay for his education   and that Carson read that as a  full scholarship,  and never applied.In fact, that s exactly what Carson s campaign manager said to Politico in an email:Dr. Carson was the top ROTC student in the City of Detroit. In that role he was invited to meet General Westmoreland. He believes it was at a banquet. He can t remember with specificity their brief conversation but it centered around Dr. Carson s performance as ROTC City Executive Officer. He was introduced to folks from West Point by his ROTC Supervisors. They told him they could help him get an appointment based on his grades and performance in ROTC. He considered it but in the end did not seek admission.But here s how Politico editorialized:  When presented with this evidence, Carson s campaign conceded the story was false. That s nonsense. They did no such thing. They provided details that corroborated Carson s story and explained his loose use of the language. If someone told you that you could go to college for free, you might reasonably conclude that you had been offered a full scholarship to attend that university. But Politico would call you a liar if you used such language to describe the exchange.Now, some on the right are saying that Carson should be held to a higher standard here than other candidates because he s running as an  outsider.  But this is a basic case of misinterpreting facts, not an outright lie. Carson served in ROTC. Prominent people wanted him to go to West Point. He wouldn t have had to pay. He didn t apply because he didn t want to go. Those facts are not in dispute. It s the specific wording over which media have decided to crucify him.This is a textbook example of a left-wing media hit. Politico would never editorialize about any Democrat who issued such a response to a factual inquiry in this manner. Politico won t even conclude that Hillary Clinton lied about her attribution of the Benghazi attacks to a YouTube video despite email evidence that she knew Benghazi was a terrorist attack entirely unrelated to a YouTube video.But for Ben Carson, they ll make an exception.Via: Ben Shapiro, Daily WireUPDATE: Dave Weigel of The Washington Post rightly points out this from Carson s Facebook page circa August:I was the highest student ROTC member in Detroit and was thrilled to get an offer from West Point. But I knew medicine is what I wanted to do. So I applied to only one school. (it was all the money I had). I applied to Yale and thank God they accepted me. I often wonder what might have happened had they said no.So Politico lied again   Carson never even claimed to have applied to West Point. ",0
14965,BREAKING: Obama Campaigned For But Now Rejects Keystone Pipeline Application,"The rejection of the Keystone Pipeline application is further evidence that Obama intends to be more aggressive on his global warming and environmental agenda. Just like everything else he does, this is a political move to trap more power and redistribute wealth via the global warming scam. Obama lied when he campaigned for the pipeline yet another political move to get elected. This guy is as dirty as they come Check this bs out from 3/22/12:President Obama said today he is expediting approval of the southern end of the Keystone XL oil pipeline   from Oklahoma to the Gulf Coast of Texas   and he criticized Republicans for turning an energy and environmental issue into a political one. The southern leg of it, we re making a priority,  Obama told workers during an 11-minute speech in Cushing, Okla., the terminus of the pipeline project.House Speaker John Boehner and other Republicans called Obama s permit announcement meaningless because the southern end of the project is due to start construction in June anyway. And they continued to criticize Obama for blocking the northern part of Keystone, connecting the U.S. to oil supplies in Canada.Boehner spokesman Brendan Buck compared Obama s announcement to  the governor holding a press conference to renew my driver s license   except this announcement still leaves American energy and jobs behind. JUST LISTEN TO THIS JACKWAGON LIE, LIE, LIE: FAST FORWARD TO TODAY:WASHINGTON (AP)   The Obama administration rejected a Canadian energy giant s application to build the Keystone XL pipeline on Friday, three individuals familiar with the decision said, capping a seven-year saga that became an environmental flashpoint in Barack Obama s presidency. OBAMA ANNOUNCEMENT ON KEYSTONE: Although the project is dead for now, Obama s rejection will likely not be the last word for Keystone XL.The pipeline s backers are expected to challenge his decision in court, and the Republican-controlled Congress may try to override the president, although those efforts have previously failed. The project could also get a fresh look in 2017 if a Republican wins the White House and invites TransCanada to reapply.Via: The Blaze",0
14966,WHY THESE TWO “TOP TIER” GOP CANDIDATES Were Axed From FOX News Presidential Debate,"We can think of two candidates who have no business being on that stage. We d love to know who made this decision They ll be fewer candidates on the main stage at next week s Fox Business Network Republican debate in Milwaukee as both Chris Christie and Mike Huckabee have been told to take their seats at the kids  table.That leaves just eight candidates on the main stage   including frontrunners Donald Trump and Ben Carson, and also Sen. Rand Paul, who many predicted would suffer Christie s undercard debate fate.Next week s undercard debate will again feature four candidates   but with the addition of Christie and Huckabee, that means Lindsey Graham and George Pataki both got pushed out.The debate line-up was announced tonight on Lou Dobbs  show on Fox Business Network.Besides Trump, Carson and Paul, Sens. Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, Govs. Jeb Bush and John Kasich and business executive Carly Fiorina round out the line-up.For the undercard debate, Bobby Jindal and Rick Santorum remain in their places on stage.So far only one candidate has managed to climb out of the undercard debates, Fiorina, who spent the August Fox News debate at the kids  table and was hoisted onto the mainstage by CNN, after the network tinkered with its rules.One undercard candidate dropped out, Texas Gov. Rick Perry, who was the first candidate to pull the plug on his 2016 ambitions having only appeared at the Fox News undercard debate.Since CNN s September debate in Simi Valley, California, the junior varsity squad has had the same roster: Graham, Santorum, Jindal and Pataki. Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
14967,COL RALPH PETERS Rips Into Obama On “Fantasy World” Mishandling Of ISIS And The War On Terror [Video],This is a great take on the foreign policy of the Obama administration! ,0
14968,"ILLEGAL ALIENS DEMAND NEW BILL OF RIGHTS: To Include Citizenship, End Arrests And Free Health Care","Sounds great how about a new car?An immigrant-rights group proposed a  Bill of Rights  for illegal immigrants Thursday, demanding that Americans recognize there are millions already in the country who deserve health care, in-state tuition rates for college and a guarantee of citizenship in the long term.The list of demands runs 10 items long   the same as the U.S. Constitution s Bill of Rights   and also calls for an end to arrests and deportations for  all law-abiding undocumented Americans. The document was circulated by United We Stay, which is a group of illegal immigrants, first generation Americans and human rights activists pushing for changes to immigration law. We know we have human rights, even though our very presence is deemed illegal and our existence alien. Now we have our own Bill of Rights and we want it to be the framework for every immigration decision going forward from the local to the national level,  the group said in a statement announcing their demands.The 10 points include a demand that they be accorded respect; calls for citizenship rights and an immediate deferment of deportations; in-state tuition at public colleges;  wage equality ; medical care; and protection against deportation if illegal immigrants report a crime as a witness.The list also includes a specific demand for  compelled authorization of birth certificates for our U.S.-born children.  That appears to be pushback against the state of Texas, where officials have ruled that parents must present valid ID to get children s birth certificates   and have deemed the Mexican government s Matricula Consular ID card not to be acceptable as primary identification.A federal court has allowed that Texas policy to go into effect, ruling that there are questions about the reliability of the Mexican cards and that state officials have an interest in making sure only authorized relatives are able to get birth certificates.The list of rights begins with a protest against the terms  illegal  and  alien.  Immigrant-rights advocates say both terms are dehumanizing, and have offered  undocumented workers  or, in the case of United We Stand,  Undocumented Americans,  as their preferred term.The document is meant to serve as a goalpost for the ongoing immigration debate. Immigrant-rights groups had been gaining ground in recent years, with polls suggesting Americans were increasingly open to legalization.A legalization bill even passed the Senate in 2013   but Democrats, who controlled the chamber, never sent it to the GOP-run House for action.The issue then stalled last year after President Obama took unilateral action to grant a deportation amnesty to as many as 5 million of the estimated 12 million illegal immigrants in the U.S. Federal courts have put that amnesty on hold, but Mr. Obama s other policies stopping deportations for most illegal immigrants remain in place, which has effectively checked off one of the list of rights  demands. Via: Washington Times",0
14969,Detroit Suburb Elects First Muslim Majority City Council In America [VIDEO],"Michigan s Republican Governor, Rick Snyder is throwing out the welcome mat for an undisclosed number of Muslim refugees who will be dumped around the state. Meanwhile, Southeastern MI is watching another major city once rich in Polish tradition be turned into a mini Fallujah video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo playerThe reporter and all of the Muslims quoted in this news report herald the diversity of America s first Muslim majority city council,  the Hamtramck City Council is going to reflect diversity. What s diverse about a Muslim majority? Is the anything less diverse and more oppressive than Islamic law? What Muslim countries are diverse? Muslims won t even let Jews pray at the most holy of Jewish sites. Muslim countries under the sharia subjugate their religious minorities.The Polish flocked to Hamtramck in the 1900s and evidence of the city s Polish roots remain.However, over the last few decades a new wave of immigrants, primarily from the Middle East, South Asia and Southeastern Europe, has dramatically changed the face and culture of this community.Now, the Hamtramck City Council is going to reflect that diversity.Now, the Hamtramck City Council is going to reflect that diversity. We are very proud and we are very happy for that achievement, what we have done in this city, for our city,  said Jamal Alturki, a voter.Voters gave Abu Musa and Anam Miah another term in office. Saad Almasmari was elected for the first time. Now four of the six City Council members will be of Muslim faith.It s said to be the first majority Muslim City Council not only in Hamtramck but in the entire country. I think that sends a message not only to Hamtramck but throughout the region that people want their representation in offices,  Miah said. Via:Click on Detroit ",0
14970,18 REPUBLICAN SENATORS (Traitors) JOINED EVERY DEMOCRAT To Pass A One O’ Clock AM Vote Giving Obama A Blank Check,"Take action! CALL these 18 RINO s and ask them why they voted at 1 A.M. on Friday morning to give Obama a no-limit credit card. Let them know you ll be working to replace them in the next election! This past Friday at one o clock in the morning, 18 Senate Republicans joined all of the Democrats in voting to bust the budget caps and to completely suspend the national debt limit until March of 2017.These Republicans, led by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), surrendered to President Obama and gave him an unlimited credit card for the remaining 15 months of his term.REPUBLICAN SENATORS: Lamar Alexander (R-TN) Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) John Barrasso (R-WY) Shelley Moore-Capito (R-WV) Thad Cochran (R-MS) Susan Collins (R-ME) John Cornyn (R-TX) Lindsey Graham (R-SC) Orrin Hatch (R-UT) Mark Kirk (R-IL) John McCain (R-AZ) Mitch McConnell (R-KY) Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) Pat Roberts (R-KS) Mike Rounds (R-SD) John Thune (R-SD) Thom Tillis (R-NC) Roger Wicker (R-MS)+ Every Democrat SenatorThis debt vote is significant because it is the 20th time in the past 10 months that the new Republican majority allowed a bill to pass that was supported by a majority of Democrats and opposed by a majority of Republicans.If you didn t know otherwise, you would think the Democrats still controlled the Senate. Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) was right when he said McConnell is  the most effective Democratic leader in modern times. It s no surprise that a new Gallup poll found that more Republican voters now view McConnell unfavorably (35%) than view him favorably (30%). Republicans are beginning to see that he doesn t share their values.Senator McConnell has broken so many promises and betrayed the party s core principles so often that more Democrats now approve of the Republican-controlled Congress (13%) than Republicans (9%).All of this is causing many Senate Republicans to question McConnell s leadership. Rather than looking out for their political interests, he continues to pressure them to support unpopular liberal legislation.TAKE ACTIONIf you have not cast your vote of no confidence against Senator McConnell, please click here to add your name.Also, please call the 18 Republicans who voted with all of the Democrats to give President Obama an unlimited credit card for the next 15 months.Click here for a list of their phone numbers.Tell them that you re disappointed in their vote and will be working to replace them with a true conservative.It s very important that these senators see strong opposition to their debt limit vote so they will be less inclined to betray us next time. They also need to better understand the political liability McConnell is for them.Thank you for standing strong for freedom.Ken Cuccinelli II President Senate Conservatives ActionVia: Senate Conservatives Action ",0
14971,HERO Praised By Media For Fighting Off Faisal Mohammad…Isn’t That What The Media Crucified Ben Carson For Suggesting? [VIDEO],"How long before the media is clammering all over this construction worker to get an interview with this  hero?  Yet when Ben Carson suggested victims faced with the same or similar situation react in the same way, he was called  crazy  by the media Byron Price isn t afraid of much, but, he didn t expect to come face-to-face with a determined suspect who was on a mission. Bryon was among the least injured, but, campus officials say his brave acts may have saved lives.When Bryon heard a commotion he went to see who was screaming and possibly break up a fight. When he stepped into a second-floor classroom he found the armed suspect who then turned and came after him.  So when he came at him he said he ended up on his back. I said why d you go on your back. He goes, he goes, I don t care if he cuts my legs I didn t want him to cut my chest or my abdomen. He said he has to come at me if I m down and then if he has to bend over I got a chance at his eyes or his throat  and it worked,  said John Price, victims father.Byron was stabbed while trying to fight off the attacker. His father said another construction worker also grabbed a ladder to try to threaten the suspect and get him to leave.Byron was working on remodeling a waiting room on campus. He was just finishing up his work for the day when he noticed the commotion and went to investigate. His father said his son doesn t want any attention for his actions and attempts to save others, but he is proud of how he confronted danger without a second thought.  As a man, you want to be the guy when it s your turn to rise up and do what you are supposed to do, no matter what, you do it. And then when your son s do it. Yea, I m proud of the boy,  John said.Via: ABC30Contrast this hero s story to Ben Carson s comments on the Oregon shooter tragedy. This construction worker did exactly what Ben Carson suggested he would do, but somehow the media calls him a  hero  and Ben Carson  irresponsible  for suggesting such an act of valor.Here are two examples of the leftist media un-leashed:https://youtu.be/aFZvr8XLpDg",0
14972,WOW! KY Dem House Speaker Makes Insane Speech Following Crushing Defeat In Gov Race [Video],"State Reps Forced To Stand Awkwardly In BackgroundAt one point it appears as though someone approaches the two State Representatives who appear to be trapped behind the rambling, incoherent train wreck, Kentucy House Speaker and Democrat, Greg Stumbo and offers them an opportunity to get off the stage. This wealth accumulation in America has to cease.   Kentucky Republicans had a very good election day. Matt Bevin defeated Democrat Jack Conway to become only the second Republican Kentucky governor in four decades. Jenean Hampton won her quest for lieutenant governor, becoming the commonwealth s first African-American to hold a statewide office.  Rising Democratic star  State Auditor, Adam Edelen, was ousted by Republican state Rep. Mike Harmon, despite raising nearly $900,000 to Harmon s $37,000.Democrats held on to some seats, but the defeats were crushing in part because Conway was ahead in polling up to election day. With so many Democrats ousted from office or unable to win their campaigns, Kentucky House Speaker Greg Stumbo is one of the top-ranking Democrats still standing.He gave a speech that was striking for its odd content and rambling delivery. Flanked by state Reps. Martha Jane King and Jeff Greer, Stumbo discussed his thoughts on the political affiliation of Jesus and his view on what Scripture really is and how it influences politics. And the other thing I know is that if in fact the Bible is a book of parables, like I believe it is, think about this: Mary did not ride an elephant into Bethlehem that night,  he said to a restrained crowd.[ ] For entire story:The Federalist   h/t:Weasel ZippersHmmmm .I wonder where he got the idea America is beginning to think of the Democrats as the  Godless party? Maybe Conway missed the last DNC convention where the members voted to remove God from the platform:And then of course, there is Reverend Wright who preached hate and anything but the truth about God s love for all of his people to Barack Hussein Obama (the ultimate Democrat Community Organizer) for roughly 20 years: ",0
14973,The Best Hillary Clinton Gaffe Ever Just Happened And It’s A Whopper [Video],"Hillary was speaking to the NAACP on 10/30/15 and was promoting the Obama program to  Ban the Box . The program bans federal employers from asking if a potential employee has a criminal record. This is supposed to give criminals a  fair shot  at employment. So Hillary is jumping on this because it plays to her base, right? She is all for criminal justice reform ESPECIALLY for Former Presidents? Get ready for the biggest Freudian slip ever!  Earlier today I announced that as president I will take steps to  ban the box,  so former presidents won t have to declare their criminal history at the very start of the hiring process. DID YOU CATCH THAT SLIP OF THE TONGUE? WELL, SHE DIDN T, AND SHE DIDN T CORRECT HERSELF! ",0
14974,“G#d d*mn America”: DISTURBING PHOTOS Illustrate Obama’s “Diplomacy” Failure In Iran,"Yes this massive protest against America just happened today! Thousands of Iranians burned the American flag and chanted slogans Wednesday as they marked the anniversary of the seizure of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran by militant students 36 years ago.The annual state-organized rally drew greater attention this year, as Iranian hard-liners look to counter moderate President Hassan Rouhani s outreach to the West following a landmark nuclear deal reached with world powers in July. An Iranian official also chose the occasion to announce the arrest of an unspecified number of allegedly pro-American writers.The hard-liners fear Rouhani s efforts to improve relations will pave the way for the United States to undermine and eventually dismantle the Islamic republic formed after the 1979 revolution.On Nov. 4, 1979, militant students stormed the U.S. Embassy compound and took 52 Americans hostage after Washington refused to hand over the toppled U.S.-backed shah, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, for trial in Iran. The students held the hostages for 444 days, and the two countries have had no diplomatic relations since then.Protesters on Wednesday carried placards reading  political and security penetration is forbidden.  They pumped their fists in the air, shouting  God damn America,  and  No compromise, no surrender to U.S. Others carried banners rejecting U.S. fast food chains McDonald s and Starbucks. Authorities recently closed a newly opened knock-off of KFC, saying it was unlicensed.Hard-liners view fast food outlets and other American products as part of a  cultural invasion  by the U.S. aimed at undermining Islamic rule and public morality.Foreign firms are poised to return to Iran following the lifting of international sanctions under the nuclear deal, but it remains unclear whether American brands will be allowed in.Iran s state TV showed similar demonstrations in other Iranian cities to mark the occasion, known as the  National Day against Global Arrogance. Wednesday s rally in Tehran also saw State Prosecutor Ebrahim Raeisi announce that the intelligence department of the elite Revolutionary Guard had detained a number of writers. The intelligence and security forces identified and cracked down on a network of penetration in media and cyberspace and detained spies and writers hired by Americans,  he told the rally, without elaborating. Under no circumstances will we allow penetration of Americans in economic, social and cultural areas,  he added.Iran has arrested a number of activists, journalists and artists since Rouhani s 2013 election and currently holds four Iranians with U.S. citizenship, including a Washington Post reporter. Analysts say the arrests are the work of hard-liners in the judiciary and the security forces. Via: AP News",0
14975,4 Yr Old Stoned By Muslim Migrant For Kicking Football In Germany…What Happens Next Is Outrageous!,"The old reliable stone most commonly used by a group of neanderthals who still adhere to a  stone-age  mentality. It s the weapon of choice for Muslim migrants when a knife or machete isn t available. Because stoning 4 year old boys is such a great way for these migrants to show German citizens how grateful they are for their hospitality A four-year-old boy has been hospitalised after having a stone thrown at him by a resident of a troubled German migrant centre which has seen riots and Islamist violence.The young boy, who has not bee identified, suffered  massive bruising  after he inadvertently interrupted a football game taking place at the state of Thuringa migrant centre in Suhl, Germany. The child entered a gymnasium looking for his brothers when he kicked a football, enraging another migrant.The child was then beaten around the head  several times  with the ball until a supervisor stepped in to end the violence.Unluckily for the small boy, his assailant then caught up with him again after the game, and threw a rock at his head. Admitted to hospital for serious injuries, police said the boy had  massive bruising , reports Focus.de.Police have failed to identify the migrant who caused the injuries to the child.This is not the first time the Suhl migrant receiving centre has made headlines recently. Breitbart London reported in August after residents staged a major riot at and around the buildings. The disturbance started as sectarian violence, as an Afghani migrant tore out pages of a Koran and stuffed them down a toilet, and was instantly set upon by fellow Muslims.Fearing the man would be killed as opposing sects of Islam came to blows in the migrant centre, Police moved in to put the migrant into protective custody, but their intrusion into what the participants of the brawl saw as a private fight united to attack the police. Cries of  Allahu Akhbar  were heard as officers were pelted with stones, forcing them to retreat and hide in a nearby building.Deprived of police officers to attack, the residents of the asylum shelter turned on the building itself, smashing down doors, breaking windows, and even tearing down internal walls. Fires were lit, and furniture destroyed. Eighteen, including six police officers, had to seek hospital treatment. Via: Breitbart London",0
14976,Why Obama Fears A Hillary Presidency,"And why Obama may be better off with a Republican President Edward Klein paints a very compelling picture of what is going through narcissist Barack Obama s head:(If we could get a sneak peek at Barack Obama s secret diary, this is what we might read.)I ll have to endorse Hillary if she gets the nomination which looks almost certain now but I won t have my heart in it.When I leave office in little over a year, I ll be the youngest ex-president since Teddy Roosevelt. I ll still have that same big-shouldered Chicago lust for power that drove me from Greenwood Avenue in Hyde Park to Pennsylvania Avenue in three short years.But if Hillary replaces me in the Oval, she and Bill will take control of the Democratic Party it ll become the Clinton party once again and they ll block me from having any future influence.I ll end up like Jimmy Carter hammering away in Appalachia for Habitat for Humanity.On the other hand, if a Republican wins in  16, the Clintons will be finished their foundation and their speaking fees will dry up and they ll be a thing of the past. But I ll still be the titular head of the party. I ll be able to continue my push to transform America into a European-style socialist state.So, personally, I d be better off if the next president is a Republican.I was hoping it wouldn t come to this. I had hopes that Old Joe would get in the running and knock Hillary off her pins. Joe in the White House would be like my third term. I d have plenty of influence in a Biden administration.But Joe hemmed and hawed until it was too late.For a while, Val and Miche tried to convince me that Martin O Malley was the one to snatch the nomination away from Hillary. They said he was O Malleable and would share the levers of power with me. But I knew from the get-go that Martin didn t have the right stuff.Still, it s amazing to me that Hillary hasn t imploded. Everybody knows she deliberately tried to cover her tracks with her home-brew e-mail server and that she did it with felonious intent. My biggest fear all along has been that Hillary s mess will end up tainting my presidency and my legacy.Val and Miche are dead set against that happening. They re hoping that Hillary is indicted sooner rather than later. Then Uncle Joe could ride in like the cavalry and save the party.Just the other day, Hillary asked for another meeting in the Oval. I threw a major fit because I knew she wanted me to shut down the investigation of her e-mails and all her cover-ups.Generally, I don t lose my composure, but this time, I leaped from my desk and threw a rubber ball across the room. Almost broke the china.I even yelled at Val:  Tell the Clintons to go to hell! I never want to see Hillary s face again. I never want her or Bill in my house lecturing me. They have no respect for this office or for me, and I m not taking it anymore. She has lied about everything. I also told Val:  Make sure that any smidgen of wrongdoing that is in Hillary s files is turned over to the authorities everything. Obviously, I can t be seen influencing the FBI investigation in any way. But I ve made it clear to Jim Comey over at the FBI and Loretta at Justice that I want a thorough investigation and, if warranted, a vigorous prosecution.If Hillary winds up being sentenced, maybe a presidential pardon can be worked out. Nobody wants to see a former first lady and secretary of state rotting in jail. ",0
14977,Is Obama’s BIG $72 BILLION DOLLAR BAILOUT of Puerto Rico On The Horizon Or Will It Become The 51st State? [Video],"Lets hope the Republicans can push back on this effort by Democrats to bail out the horribly mismanaged government in Puerto Rico. There s also been talk of making Puerto Rico the 51st state giving it the opportunity to declare bankruptcy under federal code. Read between the lines below and you ll know why the Dems want to give statehood to Puerto Rico: According to a report by the Congressional Research Service (CRS), if Puerto Rico were to become a state, based on a population of approximately 3.8 million, it would be entitled to at least six seats in the House of Representatives. As a state, they would, of course, receive two Senators. The island state would have the same number of electors as the state of Oregon. Puerto Rico would also qualify for bankruptcy under the federal code, a critical issue during the difficult economic situation which Puerto Rico finds itself in.The Obama administration   in particular the U.S. Treasury   has been under pressure for months from Democrats and Puerto Rican politicians to find a solution to the commonwealth s fiscal crisis.Puerto Rico s $72 billion of debt is the product of decades of mismanagement, profligate borrowing, a broken taxation system and recurring deficits:  Puerto Rico Bankrupt! from Kereakos Zuras on Vimeo.Its political leaders and various public institutions have hidden information from the capital markets and kicked the can down the road for as long as possible without undertaking real fiscal reforms. This is why an easy  solution  to the island s current situation does not exist outside the realm of a time machine.This, however, has not stopped the administration and Treasury from throwing a final Hail Mary.With the release of a somewhat vague plan that was outlined by Treasury Council Antonio Weiss and lobbied for by various Puerto Rican politicians at a Senate Energy & Natural Resources Committee, President Obama pressed Congress to give the entire Commonwealth of Puerto Rico the ability to file for Chapter 9 bankruptcy.The new proposal is being widely referred to as  Super Chapter 9,  in part because Chapter 9 currently can only be applied to municipalities and cities in the United States. The legislation would also go even further than the Puerto Rico bankruptcy bill currently before Congress.This deal will be a tough sell to a Republican Congress. Many conservative members have already balked at the idea of  bailing out  Puerto Rico with the more limited bankruptcy bill, and with good reason.Any bankruptcy bill for Puerto Rico would punish retirees whose pension funds invested in these bonds because they were tax-free, had strong security and were explicitly protected from Chapter 9. Conversely, it would reward Puerto Rico and its politicians for years of irresponsible spending and poor fiscal policy.Equally significant is the implication of this new type of Chapter 9 for American investors in the near-future. Illinois, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut are among the states with large unfunded liabilities facing fiscal crises   and the list is growing at an alarming speed. If Super Chapter 9 is granted for Puerto Rico, why wouldn t these states expect it?The negative consequences of all of this could be catastrophic for infrastructure investment in the United States. The roughly $3.5 trillion municipal debt market that funds the paving of highways, schools, hospitals, and police and fire stations has rested for decades on a set of rules and laws that made these bonds  safe  investments. The status of this designation has begun to crack since Detroit filed for Chapter 9 bankruptcy back in 2013.If suddenly it was put on the table that not only cities, but whole states, could write down their debts, with bondholders having no recourse, the effect would be to fundamentally undermine the municipal debt market. It would be akin to dropping a great white shark into a pool party   except, instead of swimmers, it would be retirees and other muni investors chaotically scrambling to safety and fleeing these investments, or else charging huge premiums to states to borrow money.The cost of those increased rates, of course, would be borne by the taxpayers in the form of an additional and unnecessary charge for keeping the infrastructure of their states viable.It should be inconceivable that a member of Congress from a state that has been reasonably responsible in managing its fiscal house would vote for this  super  chapter 9 approach. They would be essentially voting to raise taxes on their constituents to subsidize less responsible states, since the cost of borrowing for all states will go up dramatically if a few states threaten to take this new path. It is difficult to see how anyone could justify that back home.Read more: The Hill",0
14978,BREAKING: San Francisco Sheriff That Released Kate Steinle Murderer Loses In A Landslide,"The people have spoken and it s clear that Americans are 100% FED Up! with the sanctuary city policy and illegal immigration. Embattled San Francisco Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi convincingly lost his bid for re-election Tuesday after spending months in the national spotlight as the face of his city s controversial  sanctuary city  policy on illegal immigration. The murder of Kate Steinle brought to the forefront the sanctuary city policy in San Francisco. The refusal to acknowledge the illegality of this policy and the treatment of the Steinle family couldn t be more shameful. Our hope is that this landslide sends a message to those who have been ignoring the rule of law. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Steinle Family who ve suffered so much.Mirkarimi, 54, was defeated by Vicki Hennessy, a former sheriff s official who had the endorsement of San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee and the sheriff deputies association. With 42 percent of precincts reporting, Henessy had received 63 percent of the vote to 31 percent for Mirkarimi.Mirkarimi and his office received heavy criticism after Mexican illegal immigrant Francisco Sanchez allegedly shot and killed 32-year-old Kate Steinle on San Francisco s waterfront July 1. Sanchez had been released from Mirkarimi s jail in March even though federal immigration officials had requested that he be detained for possible deportation.San Francisco declared itself a sanctuary city in 1989, passing an ordinance that bans city officials from enforcing immigration laws or asking about immigration status unless required by law or court order. A follow-up ordinance in 2013 allows detention only under a court order targeting violent felons. Last month, San Francisco s board of supervisors unanimously approved a resolution to maintain the city s sanctuary status.San Francisco and other cities and counties have routinely ignored requests from Immigration and Customs Enforcement officals to keep people in custody. The jurisdictions say they can t hold arrestees beyond their scheduled release dates without probable cause.Hennessy has previously said the sheriff s order barring the San Francisco jail from cooperating with immigration officials is misguided. There are cases, she said, when federal immigration officials should be notified that the jail is about to release an inmate who is in the country illegally.Read more: FOX News",0
14979,DEMOCRAT CONGRESSWOMAN: Obama Is “Working Hand-In-Hand With Islamic Extremists…Should Not Be Sending Troops Into Harms Way” [VIDEO],"For anyone who s not paying attention to what s happening in the Middle East, she s talking about the reckless actions of the most dangerous man in the world Bill Maher tonight spoke with Democratic Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard about an issue they agree on: the frustrating refusal of President Obama to accept  Islamic extremism  as a global threat.Gabbard said it s  crazy  because it s important to  identify our enemy so that we can defeat them.  She said it s ridiculous to blame poverty or thrill-seeking because just giving someone a house won t solve the problem.Maher brought up how sensitive liberals are about the mere suggestion that certain Islamic beliefs are considered  barbaric  in the Western world. Gabbard agreed that this kind of liberal philosophy  gets in the way  of being able to address serious matters.https://youtu.be/yaGKCKPuEEYBill Maher tonight spoke with Democratic Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard about an issue they agree on: the frustrating refusal of President Obama to accept  Islamic extremism  as a global threat.Gabbard said it s  crazy  because it s important to  identify our enemy so that we can defeat them.  She said it s ridiculous to blame poverty or thrill-seeking because just giving someone a house won t solve the problem.Maher brought up how sensitive liberals are about the mere suggestion that certain Islamic beliefs are considered  barbaric  in the Western world. Gabbard agreed that this kind of liberal philosophy  gets in the way  of being able to address serious matters.Bill Maher Goes Off, Asks Dem Rep. Why Obama Won t Say  Islamic Extremism Gabbard recalled how she was treated, as a woman, when she went to Iraq, by soldiers the U.S. was trying to train, though it did have a happy ending. Via: Mediaite",0
14980,"[VIDEO] Obama Needed A Girl To Take Down Mitt Romney, But Mocks GOP Candidates: “They Can’t Handle Putin If They Can’t Handle CNBC”","Because Obama s doing such a great job keeping Putin in check right?  President Obama mocked Republican candidates who suggested they ll be tough with Vladimir Putin but  can t handle a bunch of CNBC moderators at a debate  during a speech on Monday.Obama stated,  Have you noticed that every one of these candidates say,  You know, Obama s weak, he s   people   Putin s kicking sand in his face, when I talk to Putin, he s going to straighten out. Just looking at him, I m going to   he s going to be ? And then it turns out, they can t handle a bunch of CNBC moderators at a debate.  Via: Breitbart News",0
14981,Not Kidding! Obama’s Dept. Of Education Orders Mixed Sex Showers In High Schools,"This news is shocking and I m glad my kids don t go to this taxpayer funded school. Obama s Department of Education is allowing a male transgender student in Palatine, IL to use the girls locker room and showers  This decision was handed down after a two year investigation by the DOE s Civil Rights division. So if a school refuses to allow a high schooler of the opposite sex shower in the locker room, they risk loss of federal funding. Does anyone else see the can of worms opened with the DOE strong arming schools into mixed showers? The U.S. Department of Education s Office for Civil Rights has ordered a taxpayer-funded school district in the suburbs of Chicago to allow a male transgender student who dresses like a girl and otherwise identifies as female to use the girls locker room and shower on school premises. The feds delivered the edict against Township High School District 211 in Palatine, Ill. on Monday, the Chicago Tribune reports.The Department of Education has given the school district one month to let the student use the girls locker room. If the district does not capitulate, it risks losing federal funding. The Department of Education s civil rights division made its Title IX ruling after a two-year investigation using a  preponderance of evidence  standard. Read more: The Daily Caller",0
14982,BREAKING: GUT WRENCHING…Undercover Video Shows Administrators At Prestigious Colleges Shredding Constitution," The Constitution in everyday life causes people pain    Wendy Kozol, Oberlin CollegeAdministrators at Vassar College and Oberlin College agreed to personally shred a pocket Constitution after an undercover reporter posing as a student complained that she felt  triggered  by its distribution on campus.The video was produced by Project Veritas, a non-profit established by conservative journalist James O Keefe, and employs a similar style to the undercover ACORN videos that first brought him to prominence. Last week something kinda happened on campus that kind of really upset me and I ended up having a panic attack,  the reporter tells Vassar College Assistant Director of Equal Opportunity Kelly Grab.  It s just I ve been kind of hiding out in my room ever since kind of scared, so, finally somebody told me I should maybe come talk to you about it and see if there s anything that can happen or anything   They were handing the Constitution out on campus. Oh, CATO Institute,  Grab murmurs while looking the booklet over. They were handing it out and as soon as I saw it you know I started to not be able to breathe, hyperventilating,  the reporter elaborated.  My vision went blurry and I just kind of just lost control. After establishing that the reaction was triggered merely by the offering of copies of the Constitution and not by anything the group had said, Grab offers her sympathies to the reporter.Via: Campus Reform",0
14983,BREAKING: Leaked DHS Memo Tells Of Obama’s Plan To Defy Federal Court On Amnesty,"Let s face it, we have a president who s going rogue and defying the rule of law at every turn. This is not your mama s lame duck presidency, but a stealth effort to do everything possible to push the agenda at all costs. The big question is that if Obama continues to defy the rule of law like this, shouldn t Congress finally take action against him? Who ll stand up?   I ve got a pen and I ve got a phone. And I can use that pen to sign executive orders and take executive actions    King Obama A newly leaked internal DHS memorandum produced for an off-the-record agency conclave reveals that the Obama administration is actively planning to circumvent a federal court injunction that suspended part of last November s deferral-based amnesty initiative. The document, apparently prepared as follow-up from a DHS  Regulations Retreat  last summer, appears sure to re-ignite concerns in Congress as well as federal judges in the Fifth Circuit. The Administration has already been criticized from the bench for handing out work permits to hundreds of thousands of deferred action beneficiaries, in direct violation of a district court s order. With the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals deciding any day now whether to deny the Administration s request to reverse that injunction, this public leak has come at a critical juncture for U.S. enforcement policy. Last June, four months after Texas federal judge Andrew Hanen s order to freeze President s DAPA and Expanded DACA programs disclosure: the Immigration Reform Law Institute has filed briefs in these cases DHS s immigration policy makers apparently held a  Regulations Retreat  to discuss  different options  for  open market Employment Authorization Document (EAD) regulatory changes.  EAD is the statutory term for work permits. From a memo recording these discussions, we now know that the Obama DHS has, rather than pausing to allow the courts to assess the constitutionality of its enforcement nullification initiatives, been gearing up to roll out one or more of four plans drawn up at the meeting, each one designed to provide EADs to millions of nonimmigrants, including those lawfully present and visa overstayers, crippling the actual employment-based visa system on the federal statute-book. Read more: The Hill",0
14984,Krauthammer: Republican Candidates Stood Up To CNBC’s Liberal Debate Moderators And Won [Video],"The left is trying to push the narrative that the Republican candidates are a bunch of whiners, but if you watched the debate you d know it was a win for the Republicans against leftist media. ",0
14985,YOU LIE! The 5 Major Lies That Have Shaped 5 Obama’s Presidency,"Joe Wilson was right!Obviously, there are more than 5 lies Obama has told during his presidency, but who has enough time in the day to count them all? If past presidents are remembered for their signature achievements, Obama will be remembered for his signature lie:  If you like your health care plan, blah, blah, blah.  The reader knows the rest. Although the most consequential of Obama s lies   it got him re-elected   it s far from his only prevarication.I ve counted 75 significant lies since his campaign for president began, but that doesn t begin to tally the casual fibs and hyperbole he spouts seemingly every day. Here are five that illustrate just how much Obama s presidency is built on falsehoods.Obama made this claim in September 2009, when addressing the nation s schoolkids. By then, the blogosphere knew that baby Obama had never spent a night under the same roof as his father, let alone two years. For years, Obama and his advisers invested enormous political capital in what biographer David Remnick called Obama s  signature appeal: the use of the details of his own life as a reflection of a kind of multicultural ideal. Remnick called Obama s autobiography  a mixture of verifiable fact, recollection, recreation, invention and artful shaping.  In other words, the truth is never good enough.Obama spun this fiction at a September 2012 Univision forum knowing it was false. In fact, the bizarre, deadly idea to let American guns  walk  into Mexico, where they were used by drug cartels to kill dozens, began in October 2009. Three months earlier, White House press secretary Jay Carney had made the same bogus claim virtually word for word at a press conference and got shot down on national TV.  It began in fall 2009,  corrected White House correspondent Jake Tapper, then with ABC.Carney refused to acknowledge he lied, and the president continued to lie weeks later. It s all part of Obama s ducking of responsibility   it s always someone else s fault.Obama said this in response to Bill O Reilly s question about the IRS scandal:  You re saying no corruption?  If there were not even a  smidgen of corruption,  as Obama insisted, it is hard to understand what outraged him, or at least seemed to, when news of the IRS scandal first broke.  It s inexcusable, and Americans are right to be angry about it, and I am angry about it,  Obama said in May 2013. Obama routinely expressed anger when some new scandal erupted on his watch   IRS, the failed ObamaCare website, the VA scandal, Fast and Furious   but never before had he shoved a scandal down the memory hole so quickly.And how could Obama know there wasn t a smidgen of corruption before the investigation was even over? Perhaps because the administration knew that any proof of that was gone with deleted emails and destroyed hard drives?During that same Super Bowl Sunday interview, Obama made this claim in response to O Reilly s inquiry about the attack on the American consulate in Benghazi. Obama continued to dissemble:  The notion that we would hide the ball for political purposes when a week later we all said, in fact, there was a terrorist attack taking place and the day after I said it was an act of terror, that wouldn t be a very good coverup.  In fact, it was exactly a week after the attack, on Sept. 18, that Obama took his first questions about Benghazi. Bizarrely, he did so to David Letterman.  Here s what happened,  Obama said. You had a video that was released by somebody who lives here, sort of a shadowy character who   who made an extremely offensive video directed at   at Mohammed and Islam. We know now that the administration knew this wasn t true. Not a week later; not even the very night of the attacks.On many levels, this was Obama s most telling lie. He only deals with the world as he sees it, not as it is.Obama told this whopper to his assembled staff on his first day in office. He promised it to the press. Instead, his administration refuses to hand over documents and Obama refuses to answer questions. As liberal constitutional scholar Jonathan Turley assessed the presidency,  Barack Obama is really the president Richard Nixon always wanted to be.  What do these lies, just a sample of many, tell us? Obama never stopped  artfully shaping  his life.The scary thing is he might actually believe these lies. He believes that posting a shot from his personal photographer online is  transparent.  That targeting conservative groups for audits isn t corrupt. That everything that has gone wrong with his presidency is Bush s fault.Knowing that, how can we believe anything that he says?Jack Cashill is the author of  You Lie! The Evasions, Omissions, Fabrications, Frauds and Outright Falsehoods of Barack Obama  (Broadside Books), out Oct. 7.Via: NYP ",0
14986,Obama To Give “Goodies” To His Latest Favorite Group…Criminals,"Earlier today, White House Correspondent Mark Knoller was Tweeting out the info from Obama s announcement about goodies for criminals and I just couldn t believe it. I know, I know it s really not hard to believe for some but this is such a blatant slap at the rule of law and to the law abiding American taxpayers it really is shocking:  Obama plans several things via executive order that will benefit criminals. One executive order installs a program called  ban the box  where government agencies can t ask about criminal history when hiring. The second thing Obama s doing for inmates is to give them education grants and housing assistance .WTH! Ever in search of benefits to hand leftist constituencies, Democrats have decided to give goodies to their most natural constituency of all: criminals. According to the Associated Press, President Obama will announce executive orders Monday attempting to prevent screening for prior criminality in government hiring. The so-called  ban the box  program would prevent government agencies from asking about criminal history until later in the interview process. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton (D-NY), Vermont Senator Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) (D-Loonbag), and former Maryland Governor Martin O Malley have all joined Obama in calling for banning  the box    meaning the check box for criminal conviction. Obama also wants to prevent public housing from hindering the ability for convicted criminals to gain access to subsidies. So, in short, we all get to hire unhireable employees with criminal backgrounds, and subsidize those who wouldn t be able to find housing because they have committed crimes. All of this merely represents the latest in a string of attempts by Democrats to reach out to those at odds with law enforcement. Last summer, Obama visited a federal prison, where he told prisoners that as a former user of both marijuana and cocaine, he could have ended up in prison, too.  These are young people who made mistakes that aren t that different from mistakes I made,  Obama said.  The difference is they did not have the support structure, the second chances, the resources that would allow them to survive these mistakes.  Actually, the difference is that Obama didn t get caught, tried, and convicted. And while Obama finds pandering to convicted criminals cute, those who live in the neighborhoods such drug dealers destroy might find it less endearing. Meanwhile, just days ago, Hillary Clinton said she would sign a law that would ban racial profiling. She did not explain how the legal standard of  racial profiling  would be proved, thus placing every arrest of a person of color at risk of potential legal liability. She also said she would use executive action to destroy sentencing differentials between crack and powder cocaine, despite the fact that crack cocaine and powder cocaine use differs widely, and that black legislators originally sought the sentencing differential to rid drug-ravaged inner cities of the crack scourge. The same day, Clinton   demonstrating her own belief that crime and ethnicity are inherently tied   launched African Americans for Hillary at Clark Atlanta University after lunching with vicious Jesse Jackson.  We have to create those channels of opportunity so that we go from childhood to adulthood pursuing your dreams, instead of cradle to prison and seeing them die,  she intoned. This weekend, Obama echoed that message.  I believe we can disrupt the pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails,  he said in his weekly address.  I believe we can address the disparities in the application of criminal justice, from arrest rates to sentencing to incarceration.  Obama did not explain how school funding leads people to become criminals, because there is no information suggesting that it does. Nor did he present statistics showing systemic bias against people of color in the criminal justice system as opposed to white people with the same criminal histories and same crimes. And he certainly didn t discuss the Welfare-driven collapse of the black family, which has contributed to criminality in the black community more than any other single factor. No, he pandered, just as he has over and over again with regard to anti-police militancy. Obama s pattern is simple: the police are always wrong at first glance, and even if they re not wrong based on the eventually revealed fact pattern, their innocence is an outlier. After all, Obama is fond of saying, black Americans aren t  making up  issues with law enforcement. Read more: Breitbart",0
14987,DIAMOND AND SILK Dissect The Benghazi Hearings And Rip Hillary To Shreds…You Gotta See This! [VIDEO],These two girls make some very good points that you re definitely not hearing in the mainstream media. They (Hillary and the State Dept.) can t see when someone s about to stab them in the eye until their eye is gone and it s taken out of the socket ,0
14988,SAY WHAT? Organization With Ties To Muslim Brotherhood Will Have Float In OK Veterans Day Parade,"Just another attempt by CAIR to make it appear as though the ties they have to the Muslim Brotherhood aren t really a big deal For the first time, Oklahoma Muslims will have a float in the Veterans Day Parade in downtown Tulsa on Nov. 11, and not all parade participants are happy about it. It s something we have been wanting to do for years,  said Adam Soltani, executive director of the Oklahoma Chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, based in Oklahoma City. Soltani said the float is sponsored by CAIR-Oklahoma but will  represent the Oklahoma Muslim community, which is a very diverse community of people from all walks of life, immigrants, indigenous people. We support all veterans, and we support our country, so I don t see why anyone should have any concerns about CAIR being involved,  he said. We are an American Muslim organization, and American Muslims support their government, support their country and definitely support our troops who are working to defend our constitutional rights and our freedoms,  he continued.Soltani said many U.S. Muslims have served in the armed forces and that two veterans are on the CAIR-Oklahoma board.Larry Williamson, a member of the Tulsa 912 Project, a conservative organization, said it is  atrocious  to ask veterans to  march alongside people who represent our enemies in a current war. I believe all American entrants who the parade is intended to honor should be made aware as soon as possible that they are being asked to share their honor with the Muslim Brotherhood, sworn enemy of the United States and our ally Israel and an enemy in our current war on the Islamic jihad in which American soldiers are fighting and dying,  he said in a letter to the Tulsa World.Williamson said he has been told that his Tulsa 912 Project float is scheduled to be in line next to the CAIR float in the parade.  I m not a spokesman for Tulsa 912, but I won t march alongside the Muslim Brotherhood,  he said.Asked why he uses the term Muslim Brotherhood instead of CAIR, Williamson said the FBI has identified CAIR as an arm of the Muslim Brotherhood in America. CAIR has consistently stated that it has no connections with any terrorist groups.Patsy Varnell, vice president of the Tulsa Veterans Day Parade Association, confirmed that CAIR-Oklahoma s application to be in the parade has been accepted. The parade is nonreligious,  she said.  We feel that we are exercising the rights established by the Constitution of freedom of speech, and this group has the right to participate. We do not want any problems, but we have to be fair to everybody,  Varnell said.Ronda Vuillemont-Smith, president and founder of the Tulsa 912 Project, said the group is not asking that CAIR be removed from the parade but that parade organizers  be honest and open and let people know that they are in. My concern is that the parade committee was trying to keep this information out of the public eye,  she said. Via: Tulsa World",0
14989,GEORGE SOROS ADMITS He’s Behind Invasion Of Europe and Open Borders: “National Borders Are the Obstacle” [VIDEO],"Soros isn t just a danger to America he s a danger to the entire world. Billionaire investor George Soros has confirmed he wants to bring down Europe s borders, following the accusation made last week by Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban.Last week, Mr Orban accused Mr Soros   who was born in Hungary   of deliberately encouraging the migrant crisis.  This invasion is driven, on the one hand, by people smugglers, and on the other by those (human rights) activists who support everything that weakens the nation-state,  Mr Orban said.  This Western mindset and this activist network is perhaps best represented by George Soros. Mr Soros has now issued an email statement to Bloomberg Business, claiming his foundations help  uphold European values , while Mr Oban s actions in strengthening the Hungarian border and stopping a huge migrant influx  undermine those values. His plan treats the protection of national borders as the objective and the refugees as an obstacle,  Mr Soros added.  Our plan treats the protection of refugees as the objective and national borders as the obstacle. Via: Breitbart",0
14990,ESTABLISHMENT GOP END TIMES? Why Republican Candidates Are Kicking RNC To Curb,"In the real world, if your boss is damaging your ability to achieve your full potential, you start looking for a new place of employment. Why should these candidate settle for an organization who isn t representing their best interests? The 2016 GOP presidential campaigns agreed on Sunday evening to cut the Republican National Committee (RNC) out of the debate negotiation process and instead deal directly with networks moderating debates, Breitbart News has learned.Corey Lewandowski, the campaign manager for frontrunner Donald Trump, confirmed to Breitbart News via phone on Sunday that the  biggest consensus  of five separate points the GOP campaigns agreed on was cutting the RNC out of the negotiations with the networks, as the campaigns would each like to negotiate with the networks directly.In response to the revelation that the RNC will be cut out of the process, RNC chief spokesman Sean Spicer the party s point man on handling debates until now said the RNC stands ready to help the candidates in any way they can. The RNC is fully committed to serving the interests of our campaigns,  Spicer told Breitbart News.  We support the best format to present their vision to lead America forward. A campaign manager with another campaign who wished not to be identified confirmed to Breitbart News that the RNC will no longer be handling debate format and that the  campaigns will take the lead  on that. The RNC will still handle basic logistics, though, that campaign manager said.The second point of agreement was that they want information from the networks on things such as qualification criteria earlier than before, Lewandowski said, and third was they want  greater parity and greater integrity  in questions. A fourth point of agreement, according to Lewandowski, was they want debates to last no longer than two hours including commercials and a fifth is they want each candidate to get at least 30 seconds apiece for opening and for closing statements. Mr. Trump has won the last three debates, and he is willing to continue to debate his opponents,  Lewandowski told Breitbart News.  However, the moderators of the debates should not be the story. Instead, the candidates  responses to questions is what the American public should hear. The meeting happened at the Hilton in Alexandria, Virginia, in Old Town on King Street just outside Washington, D.C.Most of the details of what various campaigns wanted was already made public heading into the meeting.  Ben Carson s campaign manager, Barry Bennett, was hopeful that the group could agree on one two-hour debate with every candidate onstage,  the Washington Post s Bob Costa and Dave Weigel reported.They also quoted former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee s campaign manager Sarah Huckabee Sanders, laying out a previously public demand from campaigns. One of the big goals is allowing for more substance and equal time,  Sanders said.  It does make that difficult if there are multiple candidates but the debate s capped at two hours. But the revelation that the RNC will no longer be a part of the debate process has not yet been reported until now.During the meeting, too, according to Costa and Weigel, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush s campaign manager Danny Diaz pushed unsuccessfully for Telemundo to get reinstated as a moderator something Trump would boycott. Bush campaign manager Danny Diaz recommended that Telemundo be reinstated after being dropped along with NBC,  Costa and Weigel wrote.  But the campaign of businessman Donald Trump, represented by manager Corey Lewandowski, threatened to boycott a debate if the Spanish-language network that Trump has clashed with was granted one. Telemundo was supposed to partner with NBC News, but after CNBC s horrendous moderating job in Boulder, Colorado, last week lost its upcoming debate along with partner network NBC News.This revelation also means a last-ditch effort by the RNC to keep control of the process has failed.Via: Matthew Boyle, Breitbart News",0
14991,"FRED THOMPSON DIES AT THE AGE OF 73: We Will Miss His Sense Of Humor And No-Nonsense Style, Like This Message To Michael Moore [Video]","Thank you for everything you did to promote conservatism in the United States of America. Godspeed Fred Thompson, a former U.S. senator from Tennessee, GOP presidential candidate, Watergate attorney and actor who starred on the television drama  Law and Order,  died on Sunday in Nashville. He was 73.Mr. Thompson died after a recurrence of lymphoma, according to a prepared statement issued by the Thompson family. Mr Thompson, who had recently purchased a house in Nashville to return to Tennessee, was first diagnosed with cancer in 2004. It is with a heavy heart and a deep sense of grief that we share the passing of our brother, husband, father, and grandfather who died peacefully in Nashville surrounded by his family,  the Thompson family s statement reads. Fred once said that the experiences he had growing up in small-town Tennessee formed the prism through which he viewed the world and shaped the way he dealt with life,  his family said.  Fred stood on principle and common sense, and had a deep love for and connection with the people across Tennessee whom he had the privilege to serve in the United States Senate. He enjoyed a hearty laugh, a strong handshake, a good cigar, and a healthy dose of humility. Fred was the same man on the floor of the Senate, the movie studio, or the town square of Lawrenceburg, his home. ]Here is Fred Thompson explaining  Federalism.  It would be great if this video was mandatory viewing for every student in grades K-12:Standing at least 6 feet, 5 inches with a booming voice, Mr. Thompson and his larger-than-life persona played a role in several key moments that shaped the U.S. and Tennessee political landscape.As an attorney, he helped lead to the resignation of President Richard Nixon. As an actor, he starred in some of the most prominent films and television series of his time. And as a politician, he served the state of Tennessee in the U.S. Senate from 1994 to 2003, before making a brief run for the Republican presidential nomination in 2008.Here is our favorite Fred Thompson clip, where he brilliantly  responds to Michael Moore s  Sicko  letter: Today Tennessee lost a talented and admired statesman and many of us lost a beloved friend,  said former U.S. Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, whose Senate term overlapped with Mr. Thompson s time in Washington.  Working at his side in the Senate for eight years, Fred embodied what has always been the best of Tennessee politics   he listened carefully and was happy to work across the aisle for causes that he believed were right. Via: The Tennesseean ",0
14992,BOMBSHELL: US General Admits Obama Willingly Armed ISIS [VIDEO],"The idea that our President would arm terrorists is so absurd that nobody would believe it right? Unless of course, the person responsible for making those decisions  was either completely incompetent or willfully promoting terror against Christians and Jews in the Middle East. A U.S. General has made a shocking revelation saying that early on President Obama knew that ISIS was growing but made a  willful decision  to let the radical terror group grow unmolested and even supplied arms that he knew would go to ISIS.Former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency Michael Flynn told al Jazeera that Obama knew he was helping ISIS to grow but decided to do it anyway. Flynn spoke of the decision to arm opposition to Syria s Bashar al-Assad that the administration decided to continue despite warnings that those weapons would fall into the hands of radicals. HASAN: You are basically saying that even in government at the time you knew these groups were around, you saw this analysis, and you were arguing against it, but who wasn t listening?FLYNN: I think the administration.HASAN: So the administration turned a blind eye to your analysis?FLYNN: I don t know that they turned a blind eye, I think it was a decision. I think it was a willful decision.HASAN: A willful decision to support an insurgency that had Salafists, Al Qaeda and the Muslim Brotherhood?FLYNN: It was a willful decision to do what they re doing.So, according to Gen. Flynn, Obama knew that he was arming ISIS.Incredible. How is this not treason?Full video interview (10:47 is where ISIS exchange takes place).Via: Make Wars History",0
14993,Why This New Book By Lib Writer And Radio Host Will Send Shock Waves Through The Democrat Party,"Maybe the  Queen of Incompetence  isn t as popular as she had hoped with the Socialist Party of America, aka the former Democrat Party It s not just Republicans who get riled by the thought of Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton ascending to the presidency. Some people on the left lock horns over Clinton often enough to suggest that Team Hillary still has a long way to go before she has shored up the traditional base of progressive voters.A controversial book cover is the latest flashpoint to lay bare the divisions in the Democratic base over the Clinton candidacy. The forthcoming book,  My Turn,  by Nation Magazine Contributing Editor Doug Henwood, critiques the former secretary of state s decades-long political career, calling out her foreign policy positions and purported connections to big-money interests, among other contentious points.And the book cover s flamboyant illustration   featuring a stoic Hillary Clinton, in a blood-red dress, pointing a gun at the reader   has sparked a heated debate among her supporters and detractors.Salon editor Joan Walsh and former Obama speechwriter Jon Lovett both called the drawing  gross. The leftist rag Salon.com has this to say about the new Hillary Clinton book: A stink bomb into liberals  certainty : Doug Henwood on his anti-Clinton crusade.Here is a portion of Salon.com s review of Henwood s  My Turn  book:In this regard, Harper s latest (paywalled) cover story   a cri de coeur against Hillary Clinton from economist, radio host, author and Left Business Observer founder Doug Henwood   is no exception. A mix of biography and political analysis, Henwood s essay depicts the likely 2016 presidential candidate as a relatively unaccomplished conformist and careerist, one who s far more interested in acquiring power (and protecting the interests of her wealthy funders) than making real the progressive vision.  What is the case for Hillary?  Henwood asks.  It s hard to find any substantive political argument in her favor. Even the author and the artist have different takes on the imagery. People often see in texts what they want to see. The reaction to this cover, which has been circulating less than 48 hours, has been a vivid reminder of this,  Henwood told MSNBC.  When I first saw the design I knew it would attract a lot of attention.   But I couldn t have predicted the diversity of reactions. Where Henwood sees  ruthlessness and hawkishness,  in the image, the artist, Sarah Sole told the International Business Times she sees it as  pulpy and sexy. Henwood is a well-known Clinton critic on the left who skewered the former secretary of state, senator and first lady in a controversial 2014 Harper s Magazine cover story titled  Stop Hillary.  In it he wrote:What is the case for Hillary (whose quasi-official website identifies her, in bold blue letters, by her first name only, as do millions upon millions of voters)? It boils down to this: She has experience, she s a woman, and it s her turn. It s hard to find any substantive political argument in her favor. She has, in the past, been associated with women s issues, with children s issues   but she also encouraged her husband to sign the 1996 bill that put an end to the Aid to Families with Dependent Children program (AFDC), which had been in effect since 1935. Indeed, longtime Clinton adviser Dick Morris, who has now morphed into a right-wing pundit, credits Hillary for backing both of Bill s most important moves to the center: the balanced budget and welfare reform.1 And during her subsequent career as New York s junior senator and as secretary of state, she has scarcely budged from the centrist sweet spot, and has become increasingly hawkish on foreign policy.What Hillary will deliver, then, is more of the same. And that shouldn t surprise us. As wacky as it sometimes appears on the surface, American politics has an amazing stability and continuity about it. Obama, widely viewed as a populist action hero during the 2008 campaign, made no bones about his admiration for Ronald Reagan. The Gipper, he said,changed the trajectory of America in a way that Richard Nixon did not and in a way that Bill Clinton did not. He put us on a fundamentally different path because the country was ready for it. I think they felt [that] with all the excesses of the Sixties and the Seventies, government had grown and grown, but there wasn t much sense of accountability in terms of how it was operating.Now, the  excesses of the Sixties and the Seventies  included things like feminism, gay liberation, the antiwar movement, a militant civil rights movement   all good things, in my view, but I know that many people disagree. In any case, coming into office with something like a mandate, Obama never tried to make a sharp political break with the past, as Reagan did from the moment of his first inaugural address. Reagan dismissed the postwar Keynesian consensus   the idea that government had a responsibility to soften the sharpest edges of capitalism by fighting recession and providing some sort of basic safety net. Appropriating some of the language of the left about revolution and the promise of the future, he unleashed what he liked to call the magic of the marketplace: cutting taxes for the rich, eliminating regulations, and whittling away at social spending.What Reagan created, with his embrace of the nutty Laffer curve and his smiling war on organized labor, was a strange, unequally distributed boom that lasted through the early 1990s. After the caretaker George H. W. Bush administration evaporated, Bill Clinton took over and, with a few minor adjustments, kept the party going for another decade. Profits skyrocketed, as did the financial markets.But there was a contradiction under it all: a system dependent on high levels of mass consumption for both economic dynamism and political legitimacy has a problem when mass purchasing power is squeezed. For a few decades, consumers borrowed to make up for what their paychecks were lacking. But that model broke down once and for all with the crisis of 2008. Today we desperately need a new political economy   one that features a more equal distribution of income, investment in our rotting social and physical infrastructure, and a more humane ethic. We also need a judicious foreign policy, and a commander-in-chief who will resist the instant gratification of air strikes and rhetorical bluster.Is Hillary Clinton the answer to these prayers? It s hard to think so, despite the widespread liberal fantasy of her as a progressive paragon, who will follow through exactly as Barack Obama did not. In fact, a close look at her life and career is perhaps the best antidote to all these great expectations.But the intimidating image glaring out from the front of  My Turn  was created long before Henwood penned the book, which he says was developed out of the Harper s piece and goes into greater detail about  her long history in shaping the  New Democrat agenda,      an agenda which  she now purports to be running against,  Henwood told MSNBC.And then there s Sole, a diehard Clinton supporter and also a fan of Henwood s, according to International Business Times.Sole debuted the painting, along with other similarly themed pieces, last year. Later, the pieces were published in Politico magazine under the headline  Extremely Ready for Hillary,  according to the International Business Times. I love Hillary Clinton, I support Hillary Clinton, I very much want her to be president. I will certainly vote for her,  Sole told International Business Times. What I don t get is the reaction that calls the cover sexist,  Henwood told MSNBC.  Hillary is tough and determined, characteristics that shouldn t be seen as off-limits to women. The political question is what she or anyone else does with toughness and determination, and that s what my criticism of her focuses on. I have no problem with ball-busting women,  Henwood continued.  I kinda like them, in fact. I just don t like [Hillary Clinton s] politics.  Via: MSNBC",0
14994,"UNDERCOVER NYPD COP Busts 2 Women Building Bomb, Planning To Wage Jihad…Mayor DeBlasio Says “Unfair”","Thank goodness these Muslim women have a friend in socialist, radical Mayor of New York City An NYPD officer pretended to be a Brooklyn College student at the Islamic Society in New York City, and taking the Muslim oath of faith, before befriending Muslim students to infiltrate the community.The woman, who went by the name of Mel, short for Melike, spent four years earning the trust of Islamic students at the college as part of an NYPD operation to spy on Muslims, according to NY s daily weblog Gothamist.The controversial mission was part of the police departments well-documented plan that sees the blanket surveillance of innocent Muslims.The Mayor of New York, Bill deBlasio has openly criticized such surveillance and declared at a Ramadan dinner that Muslim New Yorkers were  still fighting for basic human rights. Watch Mayor DeBlasio defend Muslim women with ties to Al Qaeda here: We recently shut down the Demographics Unit at NYPD, which conducted surveillance on Muslim New Yorkers. Because it s unfair to single out people on the sole basis of their religion,  he added. The undercover operation led to some important arrests. Four years after Mel had infiltrated the college, two Queens residents, Noelle Velentzas and Asia Siddiqui, were arrested and charged with allegedly planning to build a bomb.The US Justice Department issued a release stating that the women were linked to members of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and the Islamic State.Many of the cases dealt with by the NYPD often involve a form of  entrapment  that see undercover detectives and FBI informants carrying out manipulative tactics in order to secure evidence that will later lead to arrests.In the case of Velentzas and Siddiqui, four propane gas tanks, as well as instructions for how to turn them into explosive devices, are said to have been found in Siddiqui s home, and according to the criminal complaint, the two women had in-depth conversations with the undercover officer about their violent aspirations.The undercover officer established a friendship with at least one of the women as early as 2013, according to the criminal complaint.The two women are not alleged to have been in the process of planning a specific attack, and according to the criminal complaint, Velentzas repeatedly stated she would not want to harm any  regular  people, instead targeting police or military personnel.After 9/11, both the NYPD and the FBI revamped their approach to terrorism investigations and began operating under a policy of preventive prosecution.The NYPD began to look for particular indicators of radicalization such as the  wearing of traditional Islamic clothing,  giving up drinking or smoking, and  becoming involved in social activism. In the NYPD s model of measuring threats, which have been criticized, young people were also a key target. The government   often acting through informants   is actively involved in developing [terrorism plots], persuading and sometimes pressuring the target to participate, and providing the resources to carry it out,  according to the 2014 Human Rights Watch report. Brooklyn College students at the Islamic Society told Gothamist they feel skeptical and paranoid. In the back of all our minds, there s always that suspicion, that either, you are a spy, or you think I m one,  a female Muslim student stressed. Via: Daily Mail ",0
14995,GERMAN VOLUNTEERS HOLD WELCOME RALLY: Applaud As Muslim Migrants Sing Jihadist Songs [Video],"Say goodbye to your economy, traditions and culture. The caliphate has come to Germany on steroids Leftists hold a rally to welcome tens of thousands of refugees to Germany.Migrant Muslims were seen on video singing jihadist songs at their refugee center. The ignorant German volunteers applauded. Via Les Observateurs: (Rough Translation)It s in the air, broadcast of 14 October 2015. The Iraqi and Syrian Christians were isolated in special reception centers after being continually harassed. One of Iraqi Christians tells France 5:  At our previous center, volunteers were sitting listening to music, the Arabs sand jihadi songs and the German volunteers clapped their hands without understanding. The image sums up the situation: the Arabs install Islamism, leftists not understanding what is happening rejoice in living together that exists only in their fantasy world. Carnage to follow.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
14996,Jimmy Kimmel’s Hysterical Take On The Republican Debate [Video],This video pretty much sums up the Republican Debate last week. The best part comes at the end with a special moment from Republican Candidate Donald Trump. ,0
14997,THE STATE OF OUR NATION Is Perfectly Illustrated In These 12 Hysterical Halloween Memes,The 12 funniest halloween memes in no particular order (although #12 is our personal favorite).#1#2#3#4#5#6#7#8#9#10#11#12,0
14998,"MEDIA LIE EXPOSED: Hundreds Of Students Rally In Support Of Fired SC School Cop: Fight Back Against Cop-Hating, Race Baiting Media[VIDEO]","We shared our  Game Changer  story with you earlier this week, after a new video emerged allowing a more clear picture of the student physically attacking the school cop assigned to removing her from class.Now in a surprising turn of events (which will certainly be a huge disappointment to the leftist media and George Soros funded Black Lives Matter terrorist organization), the students are fighting back against a manufactured media event created to promote more cop hate and racial division in America.Well, this is interesting.MT  Spring Valley Walkout for fields today #bringbackfields #bringfieldsback pic.twitter.com/UamWKU6AXN  Oink Trotters (@OinkTrottters) October 30, 2015Students wore T-shirts that said  #BringBackFields  or  Free Fields. #BringBackFields   pic.twitter.com/6jbmEnuSrN  Mina Rena .   (@_cappex) October 30, 2015 He was a great guy,  student London Harrell told local WISTV.  He protected us and everything. He was our school resource officer. We always could depend on him and everything. Every time I saw him, he was always joking around with people. It was never like  Oh, I m about to body slam you. Principal Jeff Temoney said none of the students would be suspended if they returned to class. We ve heard your voices, okay,  Temoney said according to WISTV.  We appreciate you taking time to do this, but again, as you know, we always focus on teaching and learning, so let s head on back to class. pic.twitter.com/LJiGyAXDUs  John Cassibry (@JCass_12) October 30, 2015Principal Temoney released a statement several hours later about the walkout, which said students and staff were safe during the protest.Fields, who is white, was recorded on cell phone video using force on an African-American student during a school discipline incident. When shared on social media, the footage caused national outrage on the use of force in schools and by school resource officers. Fields was fired on Wednesday. Via: RTHere is how the original story was presented to the public:School officer uses force against black female student, slams her on floor (VIDEO) https://t.co/0bLck097Sw pic.twitter.com/6oFt3fluFH  RT America (@RT_America) October 27, 2015Here is how we responded when a student reluctantly shared their video with others which allowed the other side of the story to be told. Click HERE for the other side of the story.",0
14999,CNBC DEBATE HACK Proves Allegiance To Democrat Party With This Tweet Celebrating Mass Murder,"By looking at the two Democrat presidential candidates left standing, most Americans would think their platform is primarily about the destruction of capitalism and gun control. The real truth however, is that the Democrat party knows without their unyielding support for the culture of death, they would cease to exist. The sickening truth is, they either support the killing of the most vulnerable or it s curtains for them. What does that say about how far our society has fallen when leftist TV hosts celebrate China s brutal  One Child  policy on Twitter?Quintanilla may not have been endorsing the one-child policy, but he didn t offer any overt or even implied criticism of it either. In fact, saying  it worked  sounds a lot like he is suggesting it was a success.The problem, of course, is that the one-child policy, which China converted to a two-child policy this week, was a brutal, harrowing invasion of the human rights of millions of families under the guise of national policy. Since 1979, an estimated 13 million women a year underwent abortions, many of them forced to do so by government officials. Another 200 million women were sterilized under the same policy.https://twitter.com/carlquintanilla/status/659734982915657728These practices mostly went unseen and unnoticed in the era before social media and digital cameras. In 2012, the world got to see the result of this policy on one young woman when her family members posted an image of her lying next to her dead baby after she d been forced to have an abortion.The young woman, Feng Jianmei, already had one child; so after she became pregnant again, family planning officials called her house to persuade her to have an abortion. When that failed, they showed up at her home and spent hours pressuring her for consent. Jianmei slipped out of the house but was followed by a group of 15 officials to her aunt s house. After briefly escaping and hiding under the bed of a relative, Jianmei was found by the government officials and was reportedly carried out by four men.Here is the horrible story about forced abortions in China and their victims:Meanwhile, family planning officials were negotiating with Jianmei s husband. At first they demanded $15,000, but then dropped the birth planning fee to around $5,000. In any case, it was more than he could raise. Finally, Jianmei was forced to give consent by having her thumbprint placed on a form and was injected with a drug that killed her baby. Her family posted this image, which went viral, of Jianmei with her dead daughter. For criticizing the government, government officials led a march denouncing her family as  traitors,  and her husband was beaten.And that nightmare is not the only kind of suffering caused by the policy. Those who dared to violate the policy had to keep their secret children out of sight of government officials. As the Washington Post reported last month, the consequences of getting caught were severe: It was terrifying if you had an over-quota child,  my father says now.  If the government knew, you would be in trouble. People would come to your house, remove all your grains and do anything they could to you. And sometimes, they d destroy your house. My mother recalls:  Even for a new house, they d get on the roof, rip it apart and bulldoze the entire house. We had to keep moving and hiding. It was really painful for us. We knew it wasn t a long-term solution. The one-child policy was a decades long campaign of forced abortion, extortion, sterilization, and terror that traumatized hundreds of millions of people. Saying  it worked  seems like an odd way to sum up such a policy. Via: Breitbart News",0
15000,"State Dept. Releases 7,000 Clinton E-mails But The White House Refuses To Release The Most Important Ones","The State Department released 7,000 Clinton e-mails today and plans to release a total of 55,000 but  Mr. Transparency  didn t! The most important communications from Benghazi are being kept from the American people until Obama s out of office in 2017. FLASHBACK VIDEO: Obama: Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency. Via: FOX",0
15001,WOW! Just When We Thought Obama’s Global Relationships Couldn’t Get Any Worse…Europe Threatens This…,"Weak leadership has repercussions The European Parliament on Thursday called for its member countries to grant fugitive former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden asylum as a whistleblower and  international human rights defender. Snowden, who leaked classified documents about government surveillance before going on the run, is now living in exile in Moscow. He has expressed interested in returning to the United States, which indicted him for espionage and unauthorized leaking in 2013. Snowden has said he was willing to serve some prison time.On Twitter, Snowden called Thursday s vote in Brussels, which urged European Union members to drop any criminal charges against him, as a  game-changer. He added,  This is not a blow against the U.S. Government, but an open hand extended by friends. It is a chance to move forward. This is not a blow against the US Government, but an open hand extended by friends. It is a chance to move forward. pic.twitter.com/fBs5H32wyD   Edward Snowden (@Snowden) October 29, 2015 The development raises the possibility that Snowden could settle somewhere in Europe, where his exposure of wiretapping by the United States and its allies has drawn widespread popular support.But the measure,which passed by a vote of 285-281, is only a recommendation; it is up to individual countries to decide whether to offer Snowden refuge.The Obama Administration responded by saying the vote did nothing to impact the pending case against Snowden. Our position has not changed,  Ned Price, spokesman for the National Security Council, said in a statement.  Mr. Snowden is accused of leaking classified information and faces felony charges here in the United States. As such, he should be returned to the U.S. as soon as possible, where he will be accorded full due process.  Via: NBC News",0
15002,WATCH MSNBC “Objective” Host’s Loud Outburst When Latina Guest Says She “Feels At Home” In GOP,Somebody needs to make sure Chris Matthews doesn t miss his meds before the cameras start rolling ,0
15003,TWITTER User Suggests “Climate Deniers” Should Be Shot,"The Left is all about gun control unless of course, they re talking about shooting someone who disagrees with phony man-made climate change Thought: in wartime, people deliberately spreading lies and misinformation get shot. Why not do the same with climate change deniers?  Daniel Rendall (@danielrendall) October 30, 2015h/t Weasel ZippersJust in case they remove this Tweet, we ve taken a screen shot here:",0
15004,"Watch Hillary Clinton Squirm When Voter Asks About E-Mails, Benghazi, Whitewater [Video]","This is great because Hillary Clinton is never asked questions like this one:  Um, you said earlier that you wanted to end corruption, but how can you do that after the Whitewater scandals, Benghazi and the deleted emails?  Hillary s response:  Well, I wish you d go back and read the history of 1990s, because clearly uh, there, there were unfortunately a lot of partisans who uh, thought that the best way to work uh, with my husband s administration was through attacks of all kinds all of which washed out. Soooo it was the  vast right-wing conspiracy ? That s a pretty pitiful answer  ",0
15005,FERGUSON FLAMETHROWER COMES OUT OF HIDING: Slams FBI Director For Blaming “Ferguson Effect” On Rise In Crime,"Holder should be making his baseless remarks from behind bars but that s another story Retired Attorney General Eric Holder pushed back on statements made last week by FBI Director James Comey in which Comey suggested the so-called Ferguson effect might be responsible for a recent rise in crime in cities around the country.In a gathering with reporters Wednesday, Holder told the Huffington Post,  I don t agree with the comments that he s made about, or the connection he s drawn, between the so-called  Ferguson effect  and this rise in crime. The Ferguson effect is a name given to a recent spike in crime in some, but not all, American cities this year. The idea is that police have taken note of the public mood and decided to hold back on more aggressive policing.Eric Holder told the Huffington Post the factors involved in the crime surge would be difficult to tease out,  It s hard for us to understand why crime dropped to historic lows over the last 40 years. I think it s probably equally difficult or even more difficult to explain why crime has gone up in some places, violent crime has gone up in some places, over the past 12 months. But Holder then immediately discounted one possible explanation, saying,  But I don t think it s connected to the so-called Ferguson effect. The comments by Eric Holder are part of an ongoing war of words within the Obama administration, which escalated last Friday when FBI Director James Comey seemed to endorse the Ferguson effect as an explanation during an address at the University of Chicago Law School.After ticking off a list of possible explanations for the recent crime surge, Director Comey said,  I do have a strong sense that some part of the explanation is a chill wind that has blown through law enforcement over the last year. And that wind is surely changing behavior. Nobody says this on the record. Nobody says this in public,  Comey told his audience last Friday, adding that it was,  the one explanation that, to my mind, explains the calendar and the map.  He was referring to both the widespread increase in crime in cities across the country and the timing of that increase this year.Former AG Eric Holder rejected the idea that police were holding back because of the public mood Wednesday, telling the Huffington Post,  I frankly don t think police officers are laying down on the job.  Via: Breitbart News",0
15006,Who do you think won the CNBC GOP Presidential Debate?,"Please help us determine who real grassroots conservatives think won the CNBC (Communist News By Commies) Debate:// <![CDATA[ (function(w,d,s,i){w.ldAdInit=w.ldAdInit||[];w.ldAdInit.push({slot:8161910969215591,size:[0, 0],id:""ld-5571-7652""});if(!d.getElementById(i)){var j=d.createElement(s),p=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];j.async=true;j.src=""//cdn2.lockerdome.com/_js/ajs.js"";j.id=i;p.parentNode.insertBefore(j,p);}})(window,document,""script"",""ld-ajs""); // ]]> ",0
15007,FEDERAL PROSECUTOR Working On Plea Deal For ISIS Supporter Who Wanted To Bomb LA Subway System And Daughter’s Day Care Center,"A plea deal for this punk will really make another terrorist think twice before attacking a major subway system or harming innocent Americans in the name of Allah The federal government s case against suspected Islamic State adherent Nicholas Teausant may have moved one step closer Tuesday to resolution without a trial, as a prosecutor said she will seek permission from Washington, D.C., to offer a deal to the defendant.In a brief hearing Tuesday morning in Sacramento s downtown federal courthouse, Assistant U.S. Attorney Jean Hobler said prosecutors must seek approval from the Justice Department s national security division before making an offer to Teausant and his lawyers.That offer is expected to be made to Teausant s defense team within a week, Hobler told U.S. District Judge John A. Mendez, who agreed to push the case back until Nov. 17, with the possibility of a guilty plea to an as-yet-undefined charge.Assistant Federal Defender Matthew Scoble told the judge lawyers are  cautiously optimistic  a resolution of the case can be reached.Documents filed in the case since Teausant s March 2014 arrest have teased out the notion that both sides were seeking a way to settle the matter without going to trial.Teausant, whose 22nd birthday is on Monday, is charged with one count of attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization, a charge that could net a 15-year prison sentence and $250,000 fine.He appeared in court Tuesday in an orange jail jumpsuit but did not speak during the hearing.Teausant said in a jailhouse interview with The Sacramento Bee in August 2014 that he hoped for a plea bargain that would incorporate some leniency. He denied wanting to stage any attacks against Americans.A former community college student and National Guard washout who lived in Acampo, near Lodi, Teausant was arrested as he tried to cross the border into Canada near Blaine, Wash.The FBI and prosecutors say his trip was part of a plan to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State, which has become the Obama administration s primary focus in its efforts against worldwide terror attacks.Court documents say he was tripped up by an informant and undercover FBI agent.Teausant s case has been delayed in part by questions about his mental state. In December 2014, the court found he was not competent, but after subsequent evaluations, he was found competent in August and the case proceeded.Another reason for some delay is that the prosecution includes evidence classified as secret by the government.Teausant, who is being held without bail at the Sacramento County jail, has been described in court papers as boasting of wanting to bomb the Los Angeles subway system and blow up his infant daughter s day care center because it was a  Zionist reform church. He allegedly boasted of wanting to train Islamic State fighters.  I m going to be a commander and I m going to be on the front of every single newspaper in the country,  he allegedly told the informant. Via: Creeping Sharia",0
15008,BUCKLE UP: 2008 Was Just A “Warm-Up”…Facts Show The REAL Financial Crisis Is Coming,"A fake economy can only sustain itself for so long The Fed is out of control,  exclaims David Stockman   perhaps best known for architecting Reagan s economic turnaround known as  Morning in America    adding that  people don t want to hear the reality and the truth that we re facing. Well, it s one of the scariest moments I think in our history, but also we need to recognize we re in uncharted waters. No central bank has ever printed this much money this long, kept interest rates at zero, fueled so much speculation. Not just here, but worldwide.-David StockmanFor six years, the world has operated under a complete delusion that Central Banks somehow fixed the 2008 Crisis.All of the arguments claiming this defied common sense. A 5th grader would tell you that you cannot solve a debt problem by issuing more debt. If the below chart was a problem BEFORE 2008  there is no way that things are better now. After all, we ve just added another $10 trillion in debt to the US system.Similarly, anyone with a functioning brain could tell you that a bunch of academics with no real-world experience, none of whom have ever started a business or created a single job can t  save  the economy.However, there is an AWFUL lot of money at stake in believing these lies. So the media and the banks and the politicians were happy to promote them. Indeed, one could very easily argue that nearly all of the wealth and power held by those at the top of the economy stem from this fiction.So it s little surprise that no one would admit the facts: that the Fed and other Central Banks not only don t have a clue how to fix the problem, but that they actually have almost no incentive to do so.So here are the facts:1) The REAL problem for the financial system is the bond bubble. In 2008 when the crisis hit it was $80 trillion. It has since grown to over $100 trillion.2)The derivatives market that uses this bond bubble as collateral is over $555 trillion in size.3)Many of the large multinational corporations, sovereign governments, and even municipalities have used derivatives to fake earnings and hide debt. NO ONE knows to what degree this has been the case, but given that 20% of corporate CFOs have admitted to faking earnings in the past, it s likely a significant amount.4) Corporations today are more leveraged than they were in 2007. As Stanley Druckenmiller noted recently, in 2007 corporate bonds were $3.5 trillion  today they are $7 trillion: an amount equal to nearly 50% of US GDP.5) The Central Banks are now all leveraged at levels greater than or equal to where Lehman Brothers was when it imploded. The Fed is leveraged at 78 to 1. The ECB is leveraged at over 26 to 1. Lehman Brothers was leveraged at 30 to 1.6) The Central Banks have no idea how to exit their strategies. Fed minutes released from 2009 show Janet Yellen was worried about how to exit when the Fed s balance sheet was $1.3 trillion (back in 2009). Today it s over $4.5 trillion.We are heading for a crisis that will be exponentially worse than 2008. The global Central Banks have literally bet the financial system that their theories will work. They haven t. All they ve done is set the stage for an even worse crisis in which entire countries will go bankrupt.The situation is clear: the 2008 Crisis was the warm up. The next Crisis will be THE REAL Crisis. The Crisis in which Central Banking itself will fail. Via: Zero HedgeDavid Stockman:Well, it s one of the scariest moments I think in our history, but also we need to recognize we re in uncharted waters. No central bank has ever printed this much money this long, kept interest rates at zero, fueled so much speculation. Not just here, but worldwide. Not just in the normal stocks and bonds, but the whole shale boom, for instance, in the United States was massively funded by cheap debt based on oil prices that weren t sustainable, and now that s all coming unwound. We have never had deficits of ten percent of GDP back to back, or even still four or five percent four or five years into a recovery.We have a runaway budget where the population is getting older and older, 10,000 people are retiring every day. Nothing is being done about Social Security. It s a festering time bomb, and we re not sure how it will explode, but we know it isn t sustainable. We have a Wall Street that is more addicted to pure overnight gambling and trading and speculation for the ultra short run that is driven by robo traders, the so-called HFT money, like never before. It s unstable. That s why we see things happen like the overnight 40 percent gain with the Swiss Franc when the Swiss National Bank pulled the pay.Forty percent overnight   not overnight, but in a couple of minutes or seconds when there were hundreds of billions of short positions in the Swiss Franc. All of these things have never existed simultaneously, not only in the United States, but worldwide. All the central banks are doing it. We re reaching the point where it s unsustainable, things are going to give and break, but the good thing is it s going to be more a disaster in the financial markets in my view, less some kind of Great Depression impact on Main Street. It will be difficult on Main Street, but Wall Street is in the gun sites of this disaster coming.",0
15009,MIND-BLOWING INTERACTIVE MAP Shows Where Muslim Refugees Are Coming From And Where They’re Going,This is a great visual to share with people who are in denial about the fundamental transformation of the soon-to-be Muslim majority Europistan. America is next ,0
15010,UK SAYS “NO” TO ECONOMIC MIGRANTS: Shocking Video Shows How African “Refugees” Are Using Asylum Loophole To Move Around Europe,"The world is being duped with their eyes wide open. In ten years from now, Europe will be a completely different continent. The UK home secretary has called for Europe to  get on with the job  of breaking the link between  economic migrants  making the dangerous journey across the Mediterranean and settling in Europe.Arriving at the extraordinary European Union interior ministers refugee crisis meeting in Brussels on Tuesday, Theresa May confirmed that Britain would not be taking part in a further EU programme to relocate 120,000 refugees from Italy, Greece and Hungary. Interior ministers were hoping to find a way of settling the highly controversial distribution of the 120,000 across Europe during Tuesday s meeting.Instead, the home secretary said Britain would only take people direct from Syrian refugee camps in the Middle East and emphasised the need for wider European measures to  return those people who are illegally economic migrants and who have no right to be here .She made clear that she saw Britain s role, at the crunch meeting being held on the eve of a refugee crisis summit of European prime ministers, as being to push for rigorous processing of those who have made it to Europe. We must ensure that people arriving at Europe s borders are being properly dealt with, properly fingerprinted so that decisions can be made and when they are illegal economic migrants, they can be returned,  May said.Britain, which under the Lisbon Treaty can opt out of the EU refugee relocation programme, is the only member state that will not participate in some form or other. Both Ireland and Denmark, which also have opt-outs, have said they will nevertheless take some of the refugees from within Europe.The home secretary said:  The UK will not be participating in the relocation scheme. We have announced that we will be taking more refugees direct from the Syrian refugee camps   we will be resettling those people in the UK over the next few years. That means we can help the most vulnerable people. It also means that fewer people will be trying to make that dangerous journey through into Europe which has sadly seen so many lives lost. We also need Europe to get on with the job of wider measures that need to be taken of ensuring that we are breaking the link for economic migrants between making this dangerous journey and settling in Europe. May s remarks came as the International Organisation of Migration said that 473,887 men, women and children had arrived in Europe by sea so far in 2015. It added that at least 182,000, or just under 40% of them, were Syrians.The British Refugee Council said the home secretary s comments were  extremely disappointing , adding that:  Britain can t leave refugees to camp on Greek beaches. We must help protect refugees.  Via: The GuardianAfrican migrants are using an asylum loophole in Hungary to get EU papers:",0
15011,Wow! Ted Cruz Blasts CNBC Anchor Over Ridiculous Debate Questions,Ted Cruz takes the CNBC debate hosts to task on the idiotic questions and the political bias. Great! ,0
15012,TRUMP WAS RIGHT! Why The Heck Is This Liberal Political Hack Moderating Tonight’s Debate?,"If you watch CNBC at all you know John Harwood is a HUGE liberal political hack so why the heck is it ok for him to moderate tonight s debate? Couldn t they find anyone else? Look out for lots of jabs and unfair tactics focusing on the two frontrunners. It s fine to ask questions but these liberal animals will hit below the belt. Watch for it  Why in the world is liberal journalist John Harwood moderating Wednesday s Republican debate? And where the heck is his conservative media partner? Wednesday night s debate will be hosted by CNBC at the University of Colorado in Boulder, Colorado. It will be moderated by Harwood along with CNBC s Carl Quintanilla and Becky Quick and is supposed to focus on economic issues, though previous CNBC debates have strayed far from that topic. Harwood frequently angers conservatives for his partisan takes on the news. I mostly laugh off his predictably liberal views because I don t take him that seriously. But that only leads us back to figuring out why he s moderating this Wednesday s debate. Let s just look at a few examples of how he covers news. The Headlines Below Tell You Most of What You Need to Know: Harwood works for both CNBC and The New York Times. You can get something of a feel for his predictable but conventional liberal takes from the headlines of just his most recent pieces: *On the Economy, Republicans Have a Data ProblemTax *Plans of G.O.P. Favor the Rich Despite Populist Talk *Timing Gives Sanders a Lift in His Quest *Republicans Vow to Erase Obama s Record, but Such *Promises Are Rarely Kept *Outsiders Stir Politics, but Often Fail to Win or Govern Well *Angry Bent of Party Let Trump Rise *Bernie Sanders: A Revolution With an Eye on the Hungry Children Read more: The Federalist",0
15013,THE FACE OF THE DEMOCRAT PARTY Has A Message For The Tea Party And You Won’t Want To Miss It…[VIDEO],"This ass-clown reminds us of why term limits are so important. Leisa and I saw Rep. Rangel (D-NY) up close and personal last week when we visited the Capitol building as guests of Rep. Mike Bishop (R-MI). We were shocked at some of the people who have been elected to represent our nation. 20% of the House members looked like they should be roaming the halls of a nursing home  NOT the halls of Congress!  These people have no business making serious decisions on behalf of our country. Charlie Rangel is a perfect example of our assertion It s no secret that Democrats can t stand the Tea Party, but rarely do they express their hatred out loud like Rep. Charlie Rangel did. In a moment caught on camera, the Democrat Congressman let reporters know what he really thinks about the coalition of citizens who believe in individual liberty and small government (some of whom are undoubtedly his own constituents).TheBlaze reports:Rep. Charlie Rangel (D-N.Y.) had harsh words for Tea Party Republicans during a town hall he hosted Tuesday in New York City. The outspoken Democrat was asked by TheBlaze about what he thinks motivates the more conservative wing of the House Republicans. They come from states that used to own slaves,  Rangel said of his Tea Party colleagues.  They come from states that the Confederate Army was pledged allegiance to. They come from states that the Ku Klux Klan and voters rights and all of those things came into play. [T]hey left the Democratic Party, thank God, they joined the Republican Party and they like being among themselves,  Rangel added.They even got his comments on video here:Via: Deneenborelli",0
15014,BREAKING: GOP Hands Speaker Gavel To Open Borders Republican Paul Ryan,"As a side note, Paul Ryan still needs 18 additional votes to ensure his new role as Speaker Of The House. The full House is expected to elect Ryan as Speaker in a formal floor vote Thursday morning, transferring the gavel from Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), who is resigning Friday after a quarter century in Congress.Republicans on Wednesday rallied behind Rep. Paul Ryan to be the next Speaker of the House, declaring him the best candidate to turn the page and unify a fractured GOP conference.Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican and the 2012 vice presidential nominee, easily defeated his only rival for the top job, GOP Rep. Daniel Webster, a former Speaker in the Florida statehouse.Ryan routed Webster in a 200-43 vote during a closed-door conference meeting in the cavernous Ways and Means hearing room where Ryan now presides as committee chairman. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) received one vote, as did Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.).Ryan will need 218 votes to be elected Speaker on the House floor. He is expected to receive more GOP votes now that he has won the conference election.Boehner in last year s election led his party to the largest House majority in generations, but he faced an uprising this fall from conservatives who threatened to oust him from power.For now, Ryan has support from most of the 40 members of the far-right Freedom Caucus, but he ll have to wrestle with the same conservative forces that pushed out his predecessor and scuttled McCarthy s own bid for the Speakership.Wednesday s internal vote came just hours after Ryan announced he would back a sweeping two-year deal that raises spending caps and the debt ceiling. Conservatives had urged him to oppose the pact because the White House, Boehner and other top congressional leaders negotiated it behind closed doors.But the agreement eliminates the possibility of a government shutdown or debt default through the 2016 elections. In a statement, Ryan said it gives Republicans a chance to  wipe the slate clean. House Republicans are eager for a fresh start after the turmoil that defined the Boehner era.As he s wooed his colleagues the past week, Ryan has said he s open to changes to internal rules and procedure that would give rank-and-file members more power to decide things like which bills come to the floor and who should serve on which committees. Last Friday, he told conservatives leaders that, unlike Boehner, he would not seek retribution against Republicans who buck GOP leadership.In a private candidates  forum Wednesday morning, Ryan told colleagues he wouldn t operate as  Caesar,  gesturing with a thumbs-up and a thumbs down   reenacting a scene from the action flick  Gladiator. He said,  I don t plan to be Caesar,  deciding the fate of everything from the Speaker s office, calling all the shots,  said Rep. Matt Salmon (R-Ariz.), a Freedom Caucus leader who is backing Ryan.Ryan s only competition for the job came from Webster, who received a dozen votes in his challenge to Boehner in the Speaker s race in January. But Webster rubbed some supporters the wrong way when he gave a short speech at the Wednesday forum, then refused to take questions and bolted out the door to attend another engagement.One former Webster supporter said the candidate sent a fundraising email to his wife, explaining that he s running for Speaker and imploring her to donate money. He won t ask for my vote but he s asking for money,  the GOP lawmaker quipped.By contrast, Ryan stayed at the candidate s forum for more than an hour, fielding questions from dozens of his colleagues until they had nothing left to ask. Some pressed him to explain his support for the bipartisan budget deal, said lawmakers who attended the event. He s supporting the budget because he doesn t want to have these cliffs or crises,  said freshman Rep. Barbara Comstock (R-Va.), who worked on the Romney-Ryan presidential campaign in 2012. Via: The HillRep. Luis Gutierrez (D-IL) endorsement of Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) for Speaker of the House has drawn new attention to Ryan s two-decade history of pushing for open borders immigration policies. A previously little noticed 2013 video of Ryan and Gutierrez stumping for Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) amnesty bill in which the two make a candid pitch for unlimited immigration shows just how far Ryan is willing to go to push for open borders policies.In the wide-ranging 53 minute video, which took place in Chicago, both Gutierrez and Ryan outline their shared plan for adopting open borders: that is, a national policy of allowing companies to bring in and hire as many foreign workers as they would like. This  free movement  of people across national boundaries is the centerpiece of the open borders ideology to which Ryan has devoted much of his career.The video is entitled:  Rep. Paul Ryan and Rep. Luis Gutierrez Push For Immigration Reform.  The two Congressional partners lay out an immigration plan that is far more radical in scope than many would have imagined, and absent from virtually all major media coverage of the Ryan speakership push. The video gives fresh insight into what legislation Paul Ryan would advance  and what legislation he would block if given the Speaker s gavel.In the video, Ryan begins by adopting a left-wing narrative about GOP voters and suggesting that their opposition to mass migration is fueled by  ignorance.  Ryan rejects the idea that America is  a country  i.e. a land with a fixed border and heritage but instead an  idea  since ideas don t have borders.Ryan says:[America] is not just a country. America is an idea. It s an idea that people from all over the world to aspire to achieve  There is no other economic system, no other immigration system that has done more to lift people out of poverty than the American free enterprise system, and American immigration system that we have here. That s what makes us proud. So the question is: what do we do to restore this? [ ] We ve had plenty of waves of immigration that have always been met with resistance in the past the Irish wave is just but one of them. Each wave is met with some ignorance, is met with some resistance.Ryan appears to be taking a page from his mentor Jack Kemp, who  as Ann Coulter has written  had a habit of smearing blue-collar voters of his own party if they opposed his expansionist agenda. via: Breitbart News",0
15015,UNBELIEVABLE! Students Succeed In Removing US Border Patrol Agents From Career Fair: Concerned They Won’t Make Illegal Students Feel Welcome,"This is not some small obscure community college. Disallowing our law enforcement to attend a school sponsored event in favor of protecting lawbreakers is a BIG deal! This school with over 30,000 students has managed to marginalize these brave men and women who put their lives on the line every day to protect and defend our borders!U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) has reversed its decision to participate in a career fair at the University of California-Irvine in response to a petition signed by hundreds of students.According to the New University student newspaper, CBP s withdrawal represents an unexpected victory for student activists, whose claims that the Border Patrol s involvement in the Fall Career Fair this Thursday would be insensitive to undocumented students had previously failed to convince the university to rescind the agency s invitation. Organizations like the US Customs and Border Patrol are the organizations that are tasked with various roles including targeting Undocumented Communities, which is against the nature of our campus s values for welcoming communities regarding their background,  Associated Students of UC Irvine (ASUCI) President Parshan Khosravi wrote in an email to the Career Center Sunday night. This message right now is saying that undocumented students are not welcome,  he asserted, adding,  That s the type of message that I do not want to see as someone who is a student on this campus, as someone who is a student leader on this campus, and [as] someone who believes in [sic] the values of our campus are inclusivity and a safe space. The next day, Monday morning, student Amy Yu and another individual visited the Career Center in person to voice their concerns directly to administrators. Despite their warnings that undocumented students might experience trauma and discomfort from such close proximity to law enforcement, though, the Center refused to disinvite CBP, explaining that the purpose of the fair is to provide job opportunities for all students. We care about and value all students. We have a diverse student body made up of individuals with many wonderful talents and personal values,  Career Center Director Suzanne Helbig told New University.  To serve all students, we bring employers to campus and let students use their own judgement to decide which ones fit their skills, interests, and values. Undeterred by the Career Center s response, Yu proceeded to create a Change.org petition in the hope of effecting CBP s removal by appealing to a higher authority. We, as students from UC Irvine, are demanding that the   CBP be removed as participants [sic] for the upcoming Fall Career Fair,  the petition states.  The undocumented community is directly affected by deportation and detention policies that are carried out by Border Patrol, and having Border Patrol agents on campus is a blatant disregard to undocumented students  safety and well-being. Prior to being closed amidst declarations of victory Wednesday, the petition had garnered 659 signatures in roughly two days, which was apparently enough for CBP to decide that participating in the jobs fair was not worth enduring a potentially hostile reception from UC-Irvine students. As of this morning, U.S. Customs & Border Patrol has decided not to attend the campus Career Fair on Thursday, Oct. 22,  UC-Irvine senior director of communications Cathy Lawhon told The College Fix Wednesday.  However, the agency will continue to utilize UCI s Career Center on-line job postings system to list available positions for those students interested in working with CBP. While undocumented students may rejoice, though, others are less thrilled about losing the chance to engage with the largest law enforcement agency in the world. I feel that these efforts are an attempt to politicize a jobs fair that is supposed to help college students find much needed work once they graduate,  UC Irvine s College Republicans President Rob Petrosyan told The College Fix.  If you don t approve of U.S. Customs, don t apply to work for them, it s that simple. Via: Campus Reform",0
15016,UNREAL! Michelle Obama Gets $70 Million For Program To Empower Girls BUT Not American Girls,"Unreal! Mooch gets millions for Pakistani girls? The American taxpayers should be outraged by this! Let Pakistan empower its own people! Michelle Obama has been traveling all over the world with the Let Girls Learn initiative as her pet project. The only thing is that most of the places she s traveled to have a great track record with educating girls. It s just one big around the world vacation for Mooch compliments of the American taxpayer. Judicial Watch s Tom Fitton had this to say about the trip: The Obama family continues to bill the taxpayers for costly tourism jaunts thinly disguised as humanitarian crusades EUROPEAN VACATION: MOOCH RUNS UP A HUGE TAB COMPLIMENTS OF THE TAXPAYERS Could someone please remind this woman that America is BROKE! As public schools around the United States suffer through a perpetual financial crisis, the Obama administration commits a breathtaking $70 million to help educate girls in a terrorist nation known as Al Qaeda headquarters. It s part of the First Lady s initiative (Let Girls Learn) to educate and empower an estimated 62 million girls in third-world countries who are not in school. A noble cause indeed, but it s costing American taxpayers huge sums while kids especially minorities in this country struggle in schools that aren t adequately funded, according to public education advocates.  We know that countries with more girls in secondary school tend to have lower maternal mortality rates, lower infant mortality rates, lower rates of HIV/AIDS, and better child nutrition,  according to the initiative s website.  But too often, a girl who could change her world for the better is locked out of that future by the circumstances of her birth or the customs of her community.  So it s Uncle Sam to the rescue. The government of Pakistan, which is included in the State Department s Country Reports on Terrorism, will get the $70 million to promote education among 200,000 girls and young women age 10-19. The announcement was initially made during a White House event this month with the wife and daughter of Pakistan s Prime Minister, Nawaz Sharif. The program will serve as a platform and catalyst for broader political and social commitment to strengthen girls  education and empowerment in Pakistan, according to a government announcement.  Young women in Pakistan face barriers and lack of access to education opportunities from an early age due to poverty, cultural norms, and geographic isolation,  the announcement states. The question remains; should American tax dollars go to this foreign education cause when public schools in this country have been hurting for years? Besides financial troubles, there s an epidemic of low-performing schools and dismal graduation rates around the country, especially in the nation s inner cities. They could probably use a few million to create programs that might help improve academic performance or perhaps empower needy students like the multi-million-dollar allocation is predicted to help empower girls in Pakistan. The public school district in the Obamas  own hometown of Chicago could use some extra cash. By Thanksgiving as many as 5,000 teachers could be laid off unless the 367,499-student district Chicago Public Schools gets a $500 million bailout from the state. A recent editorial in the area s mainstream newspaper says that it  has been a disastrous time for Chicago Public Schools.  The piece is accompanied by an illustration of a yellow school bus with  Corruption & Politics in our Schools  plastered across the side. Districts across the nation are in similar situations. In Detroit, Michigan the public school system has a $515 million debt and among the nation s worst performing students. Read more: Judicial Watch",0
15017,Great! Vet Lives Matter To Trump Who Offered To Personally Help Wounded Warrior [Video],"Donald Trump took a question from a Wounded Warrior named Todd, who explained his frustration with the VA. Mr. Trump then took down his information and offered to personally put pressure on the VA: ",0
15018,Democrat And Media Allies Attempts To Crush Black GOP Candidate Backfire: Carson Beating Trump In Every National Poll,"The more they hammer the GOP frontrunners, the more popular they become with the American voter. Is the real revolution taking place with the American people against the misleading, reckless and agenda driven media? After more than a hundred days of leading in every national poll, a New York Times/CBS poll released Tuesday shows Dr. Ben Carson edging into a 26% to 22% national lead over Donald Trump for the Republican presidential nomination. The margin of error is a high 6%. But in this same poll, the trend shows that Trump has lost -5 points, while Carson gained +5 points.According to the Real Clear Politics poll of poll, Trump currently enjoys a +5 point national lead over Carson.Every other candidate is trailing by -14 or more points. Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) is in third with 8%; Jeb Bush and Carly Fiorina are tied at 7%. Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY), Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), Mike Huckabee, and John Kasich are all tied up at 4%.If you include Cruz, the non-establishment candidates earn 59% of support from Republican primary supporters.There is some good news for Trump: his support is firmer than Carson s. a full 55% of Trump supporters said he is their guy to the bitter end, compared to just 20% for Carson.Carson s national surge (at least in this poll) into first place coincides with what can only be described as a commanding lead in Iowa. According to the Real Clear Politics poll of polls, Carson beats Trump by 9% in the all-important caucus state.Trump enjoys a commanding lead in every other state.To those of us living out here in the real world, Carson s rise is only a surprise to the DC Media. Earlier this month, Carson had a phenomenal week as the DC Media ganged up to destroy Carson over things he said that were not at all controversial. Carson suggested students practice self-defense if faced with a mass-shooter and that Nazi-era Jews would have been in a better position to resist more had the government not confiscated their firearms in advance of the Holocaust.Democrats and their media allies have a long history of punishing black people who do not think the way they believe black people should think. Only today, instead of using the KKK, German Shepherds, and firehoses, the media uses Narratives and name-calling ( crazy,   stupid ) to  other  free-thinking black men who dare stray from the Left-Wing Thought Plantation. That s why people don t trust you (the press) anymore.  Ben Carson brilliantly hands the press their hat in this clip:https://youtu.be/GJcYnEhc0x8In the face of his racist DC Media oppressors, Carson, who has struggled in the past during media appearances, was nothing short of phenomenal. The good doctor kept his cool, his poise, and brilliantly made his case. It was the best week of his campaign, and what voters saw was a man fully capable of handling a hostile media.Also, voters are likely responding to the fact that, at least for now, Carson gives the GOP their best chance to defeat Hillary. He s up +5 points over her in the Real Clear poll of polls. Trump loses by -2.5 points.Via: Breitbart News",0
15019,BREAKING: Who’s Laughing Now? House GOP Members Introduce Resolution To Impeach IRS Commissioner,"Does this mean Republicans in the House are FINALLY going to start standing up for the Americans who elected them to be their representatives in Washington DC? Does this action represent the change we re all desperate to see now that Boehner is vacating his seat? House Republicans on Tuesday introduced a resolution to impeach IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, accusing him of making  false statements  under oath and failing to comply with a subpoena for evidence.In case you ve forgotten, here are two of the most powerful testimonies exposing the tyranny of our government  we have ever posted on our website:Our friend Becky Gerritson (who is currently running for a seat in our US Congress):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UE4_MT8MkIAAnd then there was the powerful testimony by Founder and Chairman of True the Vote, Catherine Engelbrecht:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=db21AQu30XwHouse Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, and 18 other committee members introduced the resolution to begin impeachment proceedings. In doing so, they followed through on a threat first made over the summer, when Republicans accused the IRS leader of making inaccurate statements to Congress regarding the Tea Party targeting scandal and its aftermath. Commissioner Koskinen violated the public trust,  Chaffetz said in a statement Tuesday.  He failed to comply with a congressionally issued subpoena, documents were destroyed on his watch, and the public was consistently misled. Impeachment is the appropriate tool to restore public confidence in the IRS and to protect the institutional interests of Congress. The IRS issued a statement later Thursday saying,  The IRS vigorously disputes the allegations in the resolution. We have fully cooperated with all of the investigations. The announcement of the impeachment resolution comes on the same day Koskinen testified before the Senate Finance Committee, and after the Justice Department on Friday decided to close its investigation of the targeting scandal without pursuing criminal charges. Via: FOX News ",0
15020,Radical Catholic Bishops Push Warming Scam: ‘Put An End To The Fossil Fuel Era’," Our vision of the world ? Where are the Catholics who re against this scam? The Catholic church has been hijacked by leftists who re following the one world global agenda in the name of social justice: Fossil fuel is the cheapest form of energy man has these days, and these people have the audacity to talk about  the cry of the poor  while advocating for things that will make it far more difficult for them to exist and survive?????  The only thing that makes life unfair is the delusion that it should be fair.    Steve Maraboli Does this political agenda mean the church is now giving up its tax exempt status? You can t have it both ways. Please speak up against this! The ten-point plan advanced by the bishops calls for the adoption of  a fair, transformational and legally binding global agreement based on our vision of the world.  In the lead-up to the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21) in Paris next month, a group of cardinals, patriarchs and bishops have called for a radical, legally binding international climate agreement that mandates, among other things, complete global decarbonization by 2050 and  an end to the fossil fuel era.  The nine prelates claim to represent  the Catholic Church from the five continents  and will address participants in the COP 21 in Paris taking place from November 30 to December 11, 2015. Signers include Archbishop Joseph Kurtz, the president of the U.S. Bishops Conference, Cardinal Reinhard Marx, president of the union of European Bishops Conferences (COMECE) and Cardinal Oswald Gracias, the Archbishop of Bombay. Drawing inspiration from Pope Francis  encyclical letter on the environment Laudato S , the bishops express the  widely-held hope that a just and legally binding climate agreement will emerge from the negotiations of the COP 21 in Paris,  and to this end, advance  a ten-point policy proposal.  In their appeal, the bishops reference the  dramatic acceleration of climatic change,  which, they say,  is the result of unrestrained human activity.  They also claim that this ecological phenomenon is primarily due to  excessive reliance on fossil fuels.   The Pope and Catholic Bishops from five continents,  the declaration states,  appeal for a drastic reduction in the emission of carbon dioxide and other toxic gases.  Human-induced climate change, the bishops continue, is having a  dramatic impact  on  sea levels, extreme weather events, deteriorating ecosystems and the loss of biodiversity.  The ten-point plan advanced by the bishops calls for the adoption of  a fair, transformational and legally binding global agreement based on our vision of the world.  Via: Breitbart",0
15021,"Michael Savage:”Black Lives Matter Are Obama’s Shock Troops, Like Hitler’s Brown Shirts”[Video]…FLASHBACK Video: Obama’s Troops 2008","Michael Savage is 100% correct. If you think he s crazy, take a stroll down memory lane to 2008 and watch Obama s  troops  extoll the virtues of Obama and Obamacare Savage also weighed in on the recent violence in Israel, the Black Lives Matter movement, the open border policy in parts of Europe with regards to Muslim refugees, as well as GOP and Democratic races. This was an amazing interview!The conservative radio host said the latest Iowa polls with Carson leading are due to  white guilt. Michael Savage: The only solution is a patriot who is nationalistic. That is Donald Trump.Steve Malzberg: You believe Donald Trump is the answer. Are you concerned, not only is he behind in three polls in Iowa but a New York Times-CBS poll today shows him, I think, four or five points behind Ben Carson nationally for the first time?Michael Savage: The New York Times, CBS, Pravda means nothing. Do you think they interviewed one conservative voter? No. Polls don t mean anything. In Iowa, as I say, God Bless Iowa, I m on a big station in Iowa. The fact of the matter is Iowa is not America. Iowa is a very different place. If they are going to use their white guilt to elect a man simply because he s an African-American who speaks really quietly, we re in real trouble.Michael Savage went on to tell Steve that the Black Lives Matter movement is Obama s shock troops.Michael Savage: The establishment does not want Trump. The establishment would rather work with Hillary Clinton than with Donald Trump.Steve Malzberg: Let me ask you quickly about the Black Lives Matter. We have another incident in a school in South Carolina  Now the FBI is investigating. Black Lives Matter they chant in the street. Put pigs in a blanket. Where the heck are we heading?Michael Savage: The black lives matter movement, and I m going to say it like it is, are Obama s shock troops. They re the brown shirts that Hitler had in Germany. How s that? Does that work for you? Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15022,WATCH VIOLENT RIOTS BREAK OUT: German Citizens Panic! Citizens Fight Back Against Muslim Refugee “Caliphate” [Video],"Make no mistake about it America is next! German police were forced to turn water cannons on far-left  anti-fascists  staging a violent counter demonstration at an anti-Islamisation rally on Sunday.Authorities initially tried to have the demonstration, organised by the anti-Islamisation group Hooligans Against Salafists (HOGESA), banned. However, a court dismissed the motion and ruled that protesters would be allowed to gather at a fixed location, but not to march through the streets of Cologne, in western Germany.Police deployed 3,500 officers wearing riot gear, with water cannons and a helicopter at the ready, as they expected up to 23,000 to attend the demonstration and counter demonstration, Bild reports.Proceedings began at around 2:00pm, with the HOGESA demonstrators kettled on a dirt lot between Cologne s Deutz station and trade fair. They were surrounded by the far left  anti fascists  chanting slogans like  No human is illegal  and  Open the borders! As the afternoon progressed the left wing counter demonstration became increasingly aggressive, with a number of  anti-fascists  attempting to cross police lines and reach the HOGESA demonstrators. They were finally dispersed with the water cannons.Swiss police were forced to use water cannon on pro-mass migration  anti-fascists  in the city of Bern last weekend. Demonstrators turned out to protest the anti-mass migration Swiss People s Party winning the national election, with some turning violent.A shocking new video provides more reason for non-Muslims in the West to worry about the ongoing refugee crisis in the Middle East. A Muslim cleric and leader was recently explaining what was really going on with the mass Muslim migration when he got a bit too honest with the crowd. The infidels want us to be tormented. They want us to be humiliated. The Koran says:  The Jews and the Christians will never be pleased with you,  but we will never follow their religion. This dark night will be over, and soon, we will trample them underfoot, Allah willing.Germany is not a compassionate country that wishes to absorb refugees from Syria and Iraq, and Palestinian refugees in the Levant and elsewhere. Europe has become old and decrepit, and needs human reinforcement.No force is more powerful than the human force of us Muslims. Oh, Muslims, the Germans say, in their economic reports, that they need 50,000 young workers. Now, they have got 20,000, and they want another 30,000 and more, to work in their factories.They are not motivated by compassion for the Levant, its people, and its refugees. Throughout Europe, all the hearts are infused with hatred toward Muslims. They wish that we were dead. But they have lost their fertility, so they look for fertility in our midst.We will give them fertility! We will breed children with them, because WE SHALL CONQUER THEIR COUNTRIES   whether you like it or not, oh Germans, oh Americans, oh French, oh Italians and all those like you.Take the refugees! We shall soon collect them in the name of the coming Caliphate. We will say to you: These are our sons. Send them, or we will send our armies to you.A new video appears to show Islamists marching in the German city of Hannover while at least two girls look on and express their fears.https://youtu.be/-VJyKRwQHHMVia: Breitbart News",0
15023,OBAMACARE: Wheels Slowly Falling Off The Socialized Healthcare Train…Billions Wasted,"Wasn t the point of Obamacare to provide health insurance for everyone? After BILLIONS spent on a website that was unworkable and BILLIONS spent to set up exchanges across America, it looks like the ones who need Obamacare the most can t afford it .the irony is certainly not lost on us!  Just ten days ago we described the latest unintended  consequence of the Affordable Care Act known as Obamacare, when Colorado s largest nonprofit co-op health insurer and participant in that state s insurance exchange, Colorado HealthOP, announcing it was abruptly shutting down ahead of the November 1 start of enrollment for 2016, forcing 80,000 Coloradans to find a new insurer for 2016.It wasn t the first: the Colorado co-op was at least the fifth in the nation to collapse. Similar nonprofit insurers have already failed in Louisiana, Iowa/Nebraska, Nevada and New York. A health insurance cooperative in Tennessee announced this week that it would stop offering new policies.The insurer failed because it would fail to be profitable, in the process burning through $23 million in taxpayer-funded loss that would not be repaid.  Taxpayers are on the hook for millions of dollars in loans given out to the CO-OP, money that will likely never be repaid,  U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner said in a statement after the announcement.And while many had anticipated from the beginning that the Obamacare tax was merely a subsidy for the large insurance companies (or rather, their public shareholders), few had expected a far more sinister consequence of the  Affordable  care plan: that the employer mandate would turn out to be unaffordable for a vast majority of low-income workers   the very people who were supposed to benefit from it.It is the failing of Obamacare to address the needs of America s struggling lower-middle class, those women and men who work long, hard hours, often at minimum wage, scrambling to make ends meet. It is them, that the NYT writes about in its recent scathing critique of Obamacare (traditionally, it has been the WSJ that gives scathing reports on the disaster that is Obamacare, usually involving soaring monthly premiums for those who were dragged into the Scotus-enabled tax beyond their will).Take the case of Billy Sewell who began offering health insurance this year to 600 service workers at the Golden Corral restaurants that he owns. He wondered nervously how many would buy it. Adding hundreds of employees to his plan would cost him more than $1 million   a hit he wasn t sure his low-margin business could afford. His actual costs, though, turned out to be far smaller than he had feared. So far, only two people have signed up. We offered, and they didn t take it,  he said.But isn t that against the stated primary objective of Obamacare: to make affordable health insurance more accessible and affordable to everyone? The answer, according to the NYT, is no.The Affordable Care Act s employer mandate, which requires employers with more than 50 full-time workers to offer most of their employees insurance or face financial penalties, was one of the law s most controversial provisions. Business owners and industry groups fiercely protested the change, and some companies cut workers  hours to reduce the number of employees who would be eligible.But 10 months after the first phase of the mandate took effect, covering companies with 100 or more workers, many business owners say they are finding very few employees willing to buy the health insurance that they are now compelled to offer. The trend is especially pronounced among smaller and midsize businesses in fields filled with low-wage hourly workers, like restaurants, retailing and hospitality. (Companies with 50 to 99 workers are not required to comply with the mandate until next year.) Hold on, aren t those some of the  best  performing job categories in the past year? Why yes they are, in fact, with 11.1 million workers, those employed by  food service and drinking places  are the single largest job subcategory tracked by the BLS. It is almost as if the bulk of the jobs growth went to fields that would be mostly disadvantaged by Obamacare.Well, there may be millions of waiters and bartenders in the US, but contrary to what Obamacare promised the vast majority are and will remain uninsured: Based on what we ve seen in the marketplace, we re advising some of our clients to expect single-digit take rates,  said Michael A. Bodack, an insurance broker in Harrison, N.Y.  One to 2 percent isn t unusual.  The reason? What was supposed to be affordable remains painfully unaffordable for the lowest rung of the employment pyramid.Here is the actual math as experienced by both the abovementioned Mr. Sewell of Golden Corral restaurants, and his mostly minimum-wage employees.He employs 1,800 people at the 26 Golden Corral franchises he owns in six Southern and Midwestern states, and previously offered insurance only to his salaried management staff. In January, when the employer mandate took effect, he made the same insurance plan, with a bigger employer contribution, available to all employees working an average of 30 or more hours a week.Running the math on his plan   a typical one for the restaurant industry   illustrates why a number of low-wage workers are falling through gaps in the Affordable Care Act.The annual premium for individual coverage through the Golden Corral Blue Cross Blue Shield plan is $4,800. Mr. Sewell pays 65 percent for service workers, leaving them with a monthly cost of $140.The health care law defines affordable employer-sponsored insurance as that priced at 9.5 percent or less of an employee s annual household income for individual coverage. (Because employers do not know how much money their workers  relatives make, there are several  safe harbors  they can use for compliance, including basing their calculation on only their own employees  wages.) Mr. Sewell s insurance meets the test, but $65 per biweekly paycheck is more than most of his workers are willing   or able   to pay for insurance that still carries steep out-of-pocket costs, including a $2,500 deductible.And this is where Obamacare s employee mandate fails for a vast majority of US workers.Clarissa Morris, 47, has been a server at the Golden Corral here for five years, earning $2.13 an hour plus tips. On a typical day, she leaves the restaurant with about $70 in tips. Her husband makes $9 an hour at Walmart but has been offered only a part-time schedule there, without benefits. Their combined paychecks barely cover their rent and daily essentials. It s either buy insurance or put food in the house,  she said. On the rare occasions that she gets sick, she visits a local clinic with sliding-scale fees. It costs her $25 for a visit, and $4 to fill prescriptions at Walmart.Other business owners find the same paradox:Brad Mete, the managing partner of Affinity Resources, a staffing agency in Dania Beach, Fla., began offering insurance this year to most of his workers only because the law required it. He said the alternative, paying a penalty of about $2,000 per full-time employee, was unthinkable,  That would put us out of business, in one swoop. Trying to persuade his hourly workers to buy the insurance is  like pulling teeth,  he said. His company s plan costs $120 a month, but workers making about $300 a week are reluctant to spend $30 of it on insurance. That s ok   if you beleive the Obama administration, wages are about to soar.Or maybe not.What is truly tragic, however, that just like in the case of  punishing work  when Earned Income Tax benefits for those living around the poverty line, see their after tax pay rise above what comparable workers who make up to $50k per year, Obamacare seems to have been designed only for those making above the median US wage and above:A study by ADP, the payroll processing giant, found an income tipping point at which most employees who are eligible for health insurance will buy it: $45,000 a year.Workers making $15,000 to $20,000 a year buy employer-sponsored individual insurance when it is offered only 37 percent of the time. That rate rises at every income increment ADP studied until $45,000, when it reaches 82 percent and levels off. Further income gains have virtually no effect on the rate, ADP found. And so the wheels slowly fall off the socialized healthcare train Read more: ZERO HEDGE",0
15024,WHY RUSH LIMBAUGH Thinks GOP Voters Shouldn’t Count This “Dark Horse” Presidential Candidate Out,"He s always been in our top three. A rock solid conservative who s not afraid to fight back against the establishment on behalf of his constituents. A politician with a spine who respects our Constitution. You really can t ask for much more at this critical time in our nation RUSH: I think that there is a dark horse in this entire thing. I think there is one candidate who is positioned here. Now, I know it s getting late. Trump has had the lead for a hundred days here or more. Well, he s been in the lead ever since he got in. And there are now fewer days to Iowa than he has been in the lead. I mean, he s over the hump in that regard. But there s still a long way to go. It s politics. Any number of unforeseen, unpredictable events are potentially out there, and there has been somebody trucking along here, steady Eddie that has continued to be who he is and continues to lay down foundational markers for himself, and that s Ted Cruz. I think Ted Cruz is positioned, I wouldn t say ideally, I mean I m sure Cruz would love to be in the top two, top three here, but of all the others in the race, Trump and Carson here, and they re at number one and two, Carson s pulled ahead of Trump even in Iowa now, in two polls. But overall Trump leads and his lead continues to expand.But what if it doesn t? What if something happens? We re not shut out here. We still have somebody in our roster who opposes every bit of the Democrat agenda, perhaps more than anybody else in the race, and that s Cruz. I mean, Cruz does not have in his record any statement like Trump does of having supported certain things the Democrats have done. Cruz is inarguably thoroughbred conservative. The more I read about the Millennials, by the way, and I ve got some stuff about them in the Stack today, the more I read about Millennials and where they are attitudinally, politically, socially, economically, Cruz is somebody I think has a great opportunity to connect with them.In fact, before we get to the Trump sound bites, let me find this little thing on the Millennials.  Survey: Millennials Around the World Worry Most About Economic Inequality.  Now, this is typical of young people, young generations. They see injustice and unfairness and inequality out there and they want to right it, they want to correct it. When you have half of the country making   this is unbelievable   51% percent of the country making under $30,000 a year, that just cannot stand. We will not have a standard economy with that kind of reality. We just won t.The website here is USA Today, and the survey comes from the World Economic Forum, and they released it yesterday.  Millennials around the world worry most about social and economic equality, remain skeptical of government and the media, and count Tesla CEO Elon Musk as one their heroes, according to a World Economic Forum survey released Sunday. More than 1,000 young people, ages 20 to 30, from 125 countries and who are all active in the forum s Global Shapers Community. It s a left wing bunch, the World Economic Forum, it s an establishment left-wing bunch, understand, but they still went out and they talked to these Millennials all over the world, 125 different countries.  The average age was 28. The results were released at the beginning of a three-day World Economic Forum conference in Abu Dhabi, capital of the United Arab Emirates.  It s right down the road from Dubai.  The survey showed that 65% of the Millennials said one of their top three goals in selecting a job was to make a difference in society, their city or country.  Well, yeah, I mean, yeah, of course they want that. They want to right wrongs. They want to correct social injustice wherever they see it. And when Ted Cruz gets going, that s ultimately what he s all about.He s all about everybody being the best they can be using their natural   he s conservative top to bottom, through and through, no matter how you slice it, left, right, up, down.  They also look for an opportunity to learn, followed by career advancement. More than nine out of 10 said they would be willing to relocate to advance their career.  That is the number one obstacle most people put in their own way. They re unwillingness to move. I ve always said that most of the obstacles people face in life are self-imposed, and the number one obstacle is the unwillingness to move. If you live in a place, let s say you want to be a brain surgeon and you live in a place where there s not a hospital, you re gonna have to move.If you want to get big in media and you live in Peoria, you re gonna have to move. And a lot of people don t want to move. The comfort level of being at home, friends, family, all that, it s a big obstacle. People get past that and nine out of 10 of these Millennials say they would be willing to relocate in order to advance their career, that s a big deal. Anyway, it s just a long way to go here and the Republican establishment has made it clear they are not interested in a conservative nominee. The Republican establishment has made it clear that the role of conservatives in this primary is to once again split the vote and split money.It was the money, don t forget, it was the money that was gonna save Jeb, or, if not Jeb, the next chosen establishment candidate. And the money, the ads, are not working. The ads simply are not overcoming, and they always have, the opposition to some of these candidates. So there s sheer panic out there now.END TRANSCRIPT  Via: RushLimbaugh.com",0
15025,The Nerve! Clinton Claims The VA Scandal Was No Big Deal,"Hillary Clinton has some nerve claiming that the VA scandal was not widespread. What does she know? She obviously doesn t know what she s talking about and has offended veterans once again   is she calling them liars? If it s the Republican  right wing conspiracy  then why is this a bipartisan cause that s using FACTS instead of sweeping criticisms? This woman has some nerve to make this claim after Dems blocked any help for our military or veterans.The VA scandal that left thousands of veterans on long waiting lists for care while officials received bonuses wasn t a really bid deal according to Hillary Clinton. She said on MSNBC that it wasn t as  widespread as it has been made out to be,  and then she went on to blame Republicans for failing to provide the VA with proper funding. It s all part of some plot to call for privatization.She said the problem is real, but cautioned that  it s not been as widespread as it has been made out to be  on MSNBC s  Rachel Maddow Show  on Friday.The former first lady blamed Republicans for using the issue as part of an  ideological agenda  and said they want the VA to  fail.   Now nobody would believe that from the coverage you see, and the constant berating of the VA that comes from the Republicans, in   in part in pursuit of this ideological agenda that they have,  Clinton said.  They try to create a downward spiral, don t fund it to the extent that it needs to be funded, because they want it to fail, so then we can argue for privatization.  Senate Democrats blocked a bill to fund the VA earlier this month in order to negotiate a larger budget deal. I m sure she left out the part about her party blocking VA funding so they could spend money on other things. Never mind that, or how President Obama is holding up a defense bill. President Obama is engaged in similar  hostage taking,  having just vetoed bipartisan defense legislation that, among other things, would pay the troops.Via: The Lonely Conservative",0
15026,A-List Fundraiser For Clintons In NYC Brings Out the Rich And Famous…But She’s Just Like You,"The Clinton Grifters were out in NYC and ready to fundraise for Hillary but looks like Bill didn t waste any time he s such a flirt! Check out the photo below of the not so loving grasp Bill has on Hillary. Very interesting but what s more interesting is that the efforts to make Hillary  relatable  have been intense but doesn t this type of elitist event ruin all that work to make Hillary just another gal? Let s face it, the same liberal elites who backed the Obamas are jumping on the Clinton train but they want YOU to believe they re not anything like those greedy capitalist Republicans they like to bash Hahaha!!!New York s A-List came out to support Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign last night at a private   but star-studded   New York City fundraiser.The  event was held in designer Vera Wang s Upper East Side apartment on Sunday night, and was co-hosted by Vera, Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour, Marchesa designer Georgina Chapman, and Georgina s husband, producer Harvey Weinstein. And plenty of other famous names were happy to fork over a donation for the chance to spend time with the Democratic frontrunner, who turns 68 today and arrived at the party with husband Bill Clinton in tow.Tickets for the exclusive event cost $2,700 and included a photo with the Clintons, who seemed to be in a good mood as they walked past paparazzi after most of the other guests had arrived. Hillary took a break from matching pantsuits and opted instead for a shiny red top and plain black pants, while Bill   who waved and held her hand as he walked beside her   donned a simple blue suit. Other fashionable guests who turned up for the fete included celebrity designers Jason Wu, Michael Kors, and Cynthia Rowley. Martha Stewart, photographer Annie Leibovitz, producer Jane Rosenthal (of Meet the Parents fame), Vogue editor Andr  Leon Talley, and Anna Wintour s daughter Bee Shaffer were all shot walking in as well, while Glee star Matthew Morrison and his wife Renee Puente stopped to pose for pictures.Read more: UK Daily Mail",0
15027,SHOCKING REPORT: 99.5% Of Professors From Top 50 Liberal Arts Colleges Donated To Only Two Presidential Candidates,"These leftist professors aren t just donating chump change either. The average donation from these leftist professors to Hillary s campaign is a whopping $1,043.75.Only Hamilton College History Prof. Robert Paquette has donated to a Republican candidate in the current election cycle from the top 50 liberal arts colleges in America.According to FEC third quarter reports released October 16, 47 professors at the top 50 liberal arts colleges in the country, as ranked by U.S. News & World Report, have given to presidential campaigns. Of those 47 professors, Hamilton College History Professor Robert Paquette was the sole donor to a Republican candidate, giving $150 to Carly Fiorina s campaign.The remaining 99.51 percent went to Democrat candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. The 46 other professors collectively donated $20,875 to Hillary Clinton and $8,417 to Bernie Sanders. Professors donating to Clinton have given an average of $1,043.75. Those giving to Sanders donated an average of $323.73. I do believe these numbers give an accurate representation of the political leanings of faculty on most college campuses,  Paquette wrote in an e-mail to Campus Reform,  especially allegedly elite liberal arts colleges like Hamilton College,  where he claims to be the  only out-of-closet conservative in a faculty of 200. After 35 years of experience in higher education, Paquette believes that the business  has become a racket monopolized by the academic left. Paquette argues that with cover from  spineless or sympathetic  administrators, leftist faculty are able to keep their campuses liberal. Conservatives like himself can be prohibited from participating in searches for their own department and large endowment funds are  lavished on faculty activists and their programmatic agendas. Paquette says that trustees know about the problem but  [prefer] not to hear, see, or speak any evil to protect the elite  brand  of the college. When the search is expanded to include students, graduate/law professors, and administrators at the elite group of colleges, Paquette s donation is joined by an additional $6,150 to Jeb Bush, $150 to Ted Cruz, $2,000 to Carly Fiorina, $540 to John Kasich, and $250 to Scott Walker.Even so, only 10.84 percent of donor affiliates gave to Republican candidates, and their donations amount to less than 15 percent of total contributions.Historical giving patterns reveal a strong bias toward liberal candidates, especially at the nation s most elite colleges. In 2012, Campus Reform reported that 96 percent of Ivy League donations went to the Obama campaign. So far this cycle, over 95 percent of Ivy League affiliates have donated to Democrat candidates. Via: Campus Reform",0
15028,WOW! BENGHAZI VICTIM’S SISTER SPEAKS OUT: Hillary Talked To Families of Benghazi Victims 2 Days After Attack…Asked Them To “Feel Sad” For Muslim Jihadi Attackers [Video],The lack of compassion for the families of these 4 dead Americans in Hillary s rush to cover her incompetence is beyond comprehension Serial liar for president .https://youtu.be/wQV3aesMLzk ,0
15029,90% Of Hollywood Political Contributions Have Gone To This One Candidate,"Nothing says Hollywood like supporting a serial liar who s managed to keep herself in the spotlight by clinging to the coattails of her husband, fellow grifter, serial philanderer and former President, Bill Clinton According to the Los Angeles Times, Hollywood donors have given $5.5 million to candidates on both sides of the 2016 presidential race. Of those donations, 90 percent have gone to Hillary Clinton s campaign.Hillary Clinton and die hard progressive  singer  Katy Perry While talk of Vice President Joe Biden jumping into the race had swept Hollywood in recent months, with donors previously announcing they would be ready to back him financially, Biden announced this week he would not run for a third time.That leaves the door open for Clinton to consolidate the industry s financial backing, which she largely has accomplished.Aside from a number of artists and other entertainment figures standing behind Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% , Clinton has not only garnered support from most democrats, but has received about $5 million of the total $5.5 million given by Hollywood this cycle.Danny DeVito, who gave $2,700, and Jackson Browne, who pledged $1,350, are supporting Sanders. Others, such as Sarah Silverman, Will Ferrell, and Red Hot Chili Peppers singer Anthony Kiedis, are also supporting Sanders.Meanwhile, Clinton has collected maximum personal donations from Kanye West, Usher, Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Bryan Cranston, Tom Hanks, and Barbra Streisand.Clinton has also received $2,700 apiece from Dana Walden, head of Fox Television Group; Patrick Wachsberger, co-chair of Lionsgate Motion Picture Group; and HBO s president of programming, Michael Lombardo, according to the LA Times.On the GOP side, Jeb Bush has received $5,400 from CBS sports commentator Jim Nantz and $2,700 from producer Jerry Bruckheimer.Bush leads the Republican Party with roughly $165,000 in donations from Hollywood, while New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie comes in second with almost $90,000. Via: Breitbart News",0
