id,title,text,label
20040,BREAKING: #UnfitHillary Told FBI She Couldn’t Remember Answers To Questions Because Of CONCUSSION…Used 13 Mobile Devices…Hillary’s Lawyers Couldn’t Locate Any Of Them,"Dirty, lying, rotten to core Hillary is either lying about not remembering or lying about having fully recovered from the blood clot on her brain. Which one is it Hillary?What a great role model for young girls and women everywhere  Clinton was interviewed by the FBI on July 2 but the meeting wasn t tape recorded or conducted under oath  The only surviving account of the grilling was released Friday by the FBI She also said she couldn t recall receiving any emails that she thought didn t belong on an unclassified system  Said she was concussed in 2012 when she was receiving guidance so couldn t rememberHillary Clinton told the FBI she could not recall answers to some of their questions about her secret server scandal because she had been concussed in 2012.The extraordinary disclosure was made as the FBI published details of its agents  interview with the former secretary of state which was conducted days before the agency s director ruled out any charges against her.Agents noted that Clinton could not recall being trained to handle classified materials as secretary of state, and had no memory of anyone raising concerns about the sensitive information she received at her private address.The Democratic presidential nominee also  did not recall receiving any emails she thought should not be on an unclassified system,  the FBI s report declared.She did not recall all of the briefings she received on handling sensitive information as she made the transition from her post as secretary of state, due to a concussion she suffered in 2012. Clinton said she received no instructions or direction regarding the preservation or production of records from (the) State (Department) during the transition out of her role as Secretary of State in 2013,  the FBI files say. However, in December of 2012, Clinton suffered a concussion and then around the New Year had a blood clot (in her head).And the FBI files also showed how she passed the buck to her former State Department underlings, saying she relied on their judgment when deciding what was and wasn t appropriate to send through her homebrew private email server while she was America s top diplomat. She relied on State [Department] officials to use their judgment when emailing her and could not recall anyone raising concerns with her regarding the sensitivity of the information she received at her email address,  the FBI s account reads.Clinton told investigators she was unfamiliar even with basic markings of confidential materials, such as the (C) markings that denote confidential material portions of emails.Clinton  stated she did not know what the (C) meant at the beginnings of the paragraphs and speculated it was referencing paragraphs marked in alphabetical order,  according to the documents.The FBI documents state that on February 9, 2016, the Justice Department asked Clinton s lawyers at Williams & Connelly to turn over the 13 mobile devices she used over the time period. The lawyers couldn t locate any of them, and the FBI was  unable to acquire or forensically examine any of these 13 mobile devices.  Via: Daily Mail ",0
20041,WOW! REMEMBER WHEN MEDIA SAID TRUMP Mocked Disabled Reporter? Here’s PROOF They LIED! [VIDEO],"Kudos to Catholics4Trump for providing evidence that the story Hillary and her comrades in the media have been telling American voters for months about Trump mocking a disabled man was nothing more than an opportunity for them to fabricate a story about Trump, in hopes of making him look like an awful human being. Meanwhile, it accomplished what they had hoped for. It took the focus off Hillary and her corrupt and dangerous behavior as our Secretary of State and helped to diminish Trump in the eyes of many Americans. But here s the proof they were lying:At the Democratic National Convention speakers repeated the claim, amplified ad nauseam by the left and establishment GOP opponents over the past year, that Donald Trump mocked the disability of New York Times reporter, Serge Kovaleski. This accusation has served as a very convenient tool to both smear Trump s character and to avoid having to confront him on substantive political issues. But is it true? Here is the story the media is not telling you.It all started on November 21, 2015 when, at a rally, Trump said he remembered seeing reports of Arab Americans celebrating the 9/11 terror attacks on rooftops in New Jersey shortly after the twin towers fell. As he told George Stephanopolous in an interview the next day on ABC s  This Week :Stephanopolous and all of the major news outlets immediately denied the existence of any such news reports following 9/11. One paper, the Washington Post, even went so far as to write a detailed article claiming to  fact check  Mr. Trump. After an exhaustive review, the Post lectured that there was absolutely no evidence of Trump s claim and deemed it false.Imagine the Washington Post s surprise when Trump uncovered one of the Washington Post s own reporters, Serge Kovaleski, supporting the claim in an article Kovaleski wrote for them on September 18, 2001. Kovaleski wrote:Very embarrassing for the media, especially the Washington Post which had done such a great job scouring news reports after 9/11 that they missed their very own story on the subject. It was in this state of embarrassment that the media was desperate to distract from the matter. The Washington Post ended up finding Kovaleski, now writing for the New York Times, so he could do damage control. Kovaleski predictably tried to backtrack from his 2001 account saying he didn t remember the details:Enter Donald Trump s rally in South Carolina soon thereafter. During the rally Trump pointed all of this out and paraphrased Kovaleski s backtracking as he impersonated a groveling reporter changing his story under pressure. While he did this, Trump moved his hands around quickly, acting flustered.Soon thereafter, the media revealed still photos of Kovaleski with his right hand in a permanently flexed position downward announcing that he was disabled. The media then shifted from trying to defend their oversight of the 9/11 Post article and instead, with disapproving shocked outrage, accused Trump of mocking a reporter s disability. Some liberals went even further and freeze-framed a millisecond of the Trump video at the exact moment when his hand went into a flexed posture. Then they dishonestly put this screen capture side by side with a picture of Kovaleski s flexed hand. Thus, you saw the following photo spread like wildfire over social media with commentary condescendingly and horrifyingly excoriating trump as a monster:The media s clear implication was that Trump was mocking the way Kovaleski moved his arms. People watching the clip of Trump s impersonation only knew that Kovaleski was disabled. Thus, they naturally assumed Kovaleski s disability must be similar to cerebral palsy where he has limited control of his movements and is prone to have muscle spasms or move his arms in jerky motions as Trump was doing at the rally. This is precisely the image the media wanted in people s minds. They wanted this to be the story: that Donald Trump knowingly and intentionally mocked the flailing arm motions of someone who can t control his muscles. They knew this would naturally trigger a visceral reaction of disgust from viewers and outrage amongst the disabled and all decent Americans, many of whom, to this day, think this is exactly what happened. Is it?What the media did not choose to show you was video of Serge Kovaleski. Notice how the media only showed and still shows photos of him. This was done for a reason. As it turns out, Kovaleski s disability is a congenital condition called arthrogryposis. Arthrogryposis causes restricted movement in the joints but does not cause spasms or uncontrolled moving of the limbs like cerebral palsy does.To show the depths of the deceit, one CNN reporter explained, while displaying a still photo of him, that Kovaleski,  suffers from a chronic condition that impairs movement of his arms.  Again, the implication is that Kovaleski can t control his arms from moving.To the contrary, Kovaleski appears perfectly calm when giving interviews. Thus, if Trump truly wanted to mock Kovaleski s disability, he would have had to stand perfectly still with a flexed right hand and not flail his arms. don t believe me? Watch the video:Here is Trump explaining that he NEVER mocked the leftist NYT s reporter who was using Trump s misconstrued comments and body language to do a hatchet job on his character:Here s Hillary using a bogus story about Trump created by the leftist media in an attempt to distract from her criminal and reckless behavior as Secretary of State:And finally, watch Trump use almost the EXACT hand movements when referring to the NOT disabled Ted Cruz or the General he spoke of while using similar hand movements:https://youtu.be/ydGOPzW227EBy the way here s the video proving Trump was also correct about Muslim s celebrating in Jersey City after 9-11 terror attack:Via: Catholics4Trump",0
20042,"#CrookedHillary’s Karma! NEW POLL Shows Trump Takes Lead In BLUE STATES: Michigan, Wisconsin, New Hampshire And Maine","Just think how Trump s polling numbers would look if the media wasn t beating the anti-Trump drum 24/7 and if Hillary was forced to talk to reporters about the rash of new evidence uncovered by conservative media over the past two weeks Ipsos is a top-ranked polling firm   and it is producing a series of state polls showing Donald Trump doing dramatically better than the polls by other trusted polling firms. Those Ipsos state polls show Trump clinching leads in New Hampshire, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Maine.That s really big because President Barack Obama won all those states in 2012. Obama won Wisconsin by 6.7 points, Michigan by 9.5 points, Maine by 15.1 points, and New Hampshire by 5.8 points.The firm s accumulation of state polls, however, still leaves Clinton far ahead of Trump in total electoral votes.The likely difference between Ipsos   which conducts polling for the Reuters news service   and the many other polling firms is their turnout prediction for November. Winning the White House depends as much on who comes out to vote as which candidate Americans prefer. Each week, we poll more than 15,000 people, then factor in likely turnout among key demographics to see how voting would play out in the Electoral College,  according to Ipsos. Currently, Reuters/Ipsos estimates overall turnout at around 60%, although that rate varies among different demographic groups. Minority turnout, for example, is expected to be about 43%, while about 59% of African-American women and 69% of White men are projected to cast ballots,  according to a site run by Reuters and Ipsos.  Breitbart ",0
20043,ONE HEART-BEAT AWAY…JOE BIDEN: It’s ‘OK Sometimes’ to Be Uninformed Guy Who ‘Has No Idea What the Hell He’s Talking About’ [VIDEO],"Does anyone else get the sense Biden was picked to be the VP just to make Obama look smart?Vice President Joe Biden remarked at a Hillary Clinton campaign event Thursday that it s  OK sometimes  to be an uninformed guy who  has no idea what the hell he s talking about. Biden, however, was referring to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. I don t believe the guy s a bad guy. I just think he is thoroughly, totally, completely uninformed,  Biden said.  He has no idea what the hell he s talking about. And guess what? That s OK sometimes. That s OK sometimes. Biden went on to point out for the rally audience, for the second time in less than a month, the military aide who travels with him and holds the nuclear launch codes in case something happens to the president.  WFB",0
20044,"GEORGETOWN University Will Track Down, Recruit And Admit Students Who Are Descendants Of Slaves They Sold in 1838","Georgetown University has a 16.4% acceptance rate. That number just got smaller with their latest announcement to use the admissions office as a way to  atone  for their  racist  actions in 1838.  The same  Catholic  university that invited Planned Parenthood s president, Cecile Richards to speak to their students in March, 2016, is now offering preferential treatment (reparations) for students related to slaves they sold almost 200 years ago. Social justice warriors have replaced religion in the majority of our Catholic universities and colleges. Our government is using political correctness to strip away the faith of the citizens and replace it with government dependency. They are determining what our values should be, as defined by government officials, like those of our radical President, Barack Obama and his radical predecessor Hillary Clinton Georgetown University will give preference in admissions to the descendants of slaves owned by the Maryland Jesuits as part of its effort to atone for profiting from the sale of enslaved people.Georgetown president John DeGioia told news outlets that the university in Washington will implement the admissions preferences. He says Georgetown will need to identify and reach out to descendants of slaves and recruit them to the university.On Thursday morning, a university committee released a report that also called on its leaders to offer a formal apology for the university s participation in the slave trade.In 1838, two priests who served as president of the university orchestrated the sale of 272 people to pay off debts at the school. The slaves were sent from Maryland to plantations in Louisiana. NYP",0
20045,HOW THE CLINTON’S GOT RICH Off Donations From People Who Thought They Were Helping Poverty-Stricken Haiti Earthquake Victims [VIDE0],"In January 2015 a group of Haitians surrounded the New York offices of the Clinton Foundation. They chanted slogans, accusing Bill and Hillary Clinton of having robbed them of  billions of dollars.  Two months later, the Haitians were at it again, accusing the Clintons of duplicity, malfeasance, and theft. And in May 2015, they were back, this time outside New York s Cipriani, where Bill Clinton received an award and collected a $500,000 check for his foundation.  Clinton, where s the money?  the Haitian signs read.  In whose pockets?  Said Dhoud Andre of the Commission Against Dictatorship,  We are telling the world of the crimes that Bill and Hillary Clinton are responsible for in Haiti. Haitians like Andre may sound a bit strident, but he and the protesters had good reason to be disgruntled. They had suffered a heavy blow from Mother Nature, and now it appeared that they were being battered again   this time by the Clintons. Their story goes back to 2010, when a massive 7.0 earthquake devastated the island, killing more than 200,000 people, leveling 100,000 homes, and leaving 1.5 million people destitute.The devastating effect of the earthquake on a very poor nation provoked worldwide concern and inspired an outpouring of aid money intended to rebuild Haiti. Countries around the world, as well as private and philanthropic groups such as the Red Cross and the Salvation Army, provided some $10.5 billion in aid, with $3.9 billion of it coming from the United States.Haitians such as Andre, however, noticed that very little of this aid money actually got to poor people in Haiti. Some projects championed by the Clintons, such as the building of industrial parks and posh hotels, cost a great deal of money and offered scarce benefits to the truly needy. Port-au-Prince was supposed to be rebuilt; it was never rebuilt. Projects aimed at creating jobs proved to be bitter disappointments. Haitian unemployment remained high, largely undented by the funds that were supposed to pour into the country. Famine and illness continued to devastate the island nation.The Haitians were initially sympathetic to the Clintons. One may say they believed in the message of  hope and change.  With his customary overstatement, Bill told the media,  Wouldn t it be great if they become the first wireless nation in the world? They could, I m telling you, they really could. I don t blame the Haitians for falling for it; Bill is one of the world s greatest story-tellers. He has fooled people far more sophisticated than the poor Haitians. Over time, however, the Haitians wised up. Whatever their initial expectations, many saw that much of the aid money seems never to have reached its destination; rather, it disappeared along the way.Where did it go? It did not escape the attention of the Haitians that Bill Clinton was the designated UN representative for aid to Haiti. Following the earthquake, Bill Clinton had with media fanfare established the Haiti Reconstruction Fund. Meanwhile, his wife Hillary was the United States secretary of state. She was in charge of U.S. aid allocated to Haiti. Together the Clintons were the two most powerful people who controlled the flow of funds to Haiti from around the world.Bill and Hillary weren t the only ones profiting off the devastation of poor Haitians. This video shows how Hillary s brother cashed in on a lucrative gold-mining permit in Haiti:An unusual nexus of mining interests, relief work in Haiti, and a former U.S. first family is raising new ethics questions that could affect Hillary Clinton s presidential ambitions.Clinton s brother, Tony Rodham, was a board member of a North Carolina mining company that enjoyed prime access to Haitian gold deposits in the wake of post-earthquake relief work organized in part by former president Bill Clinton through the Clinton Foundation.Another board member of the firm, VCS Mining, was former Haitian Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive, who co-chaired the charitable Interim Haiti Recovery Commission with Mr. Clinton.https://youtu.be/nlS4SimQfv8The Haitian protesters noticed an interesting pattern involving the Clintons and the designation of how aid funds were used. They observed that a number of companies that received contracts in Haiti happened to be entities that made large donations to the Clinton Foundation. The Haitian contracts appeared less tailored to the needs of Haiti than to the needs of the companies that were performing the services. In sum, Haitian deals appeared to be a quid pro quo for filling the coffers of the Clintons. For example, the Clinton Foundation selected Clayton Homes, a construction company owned by Warren Buffett s Berkshire Hathaway, to build temporary shelters in Haiti. Buffett is an active member of the Clinton Global Initiative who has donated generously to the Clintons as well as the Clinton Foundation. The contract was supposed to be given through the normal United Nations bidding process, with the deal going to the lowest bidder who met the project s standards. UN officials said, however, that the contract was never competitively bid for.Clayton offered to build  hurricane-proof trailers  but what they actually delivered turned out to be a disaster. The trailers were structurally unsafe, with high levels of formaldehyde and insulation coming out of the walls. There were problems with mold and fumes. The stifling heat inside made Haitians sick and many of them abandoned the trailers because they were ill-constructed and unusable.The Clintons also funneled $10 million in federal loans to a firm called InnoVida, headed by Clinton donor Claudio Osorio. Osorio had loaded its board with Clinton cronies, including longtime Clinton ally General Wesley Clark; Hillary s 2008 finance director Jonathan Mantz; and Democratic fundraiser Chris Korge who has helped raise millions for the Clintons. Normally the loan approval process takes months or even years. But in this case, a government official wrote,  Former President Bill Clinton is personally in contact with the company to organize its logistical and support needs. And as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton has made available State Department resources to assist with logistical arrangements.  InnoVida had not even provided an independently audited financial report that is normally a requirement for such applications. This requirement, however, was waived. On the basis of the Clinton connection, InnoVida s application was fast-tracked and approved in two weeks. The company, however, defaulted on the loan and never built any houses.An investigation revealed that Osorio had diverted company funds to pay for his Miami Beach mansion, his Maserati, and his Colorado ski chalet. He pleaded guilty to wire fraud and money laundering in 2013, and is currently serving a twelve-year prison term on fraud charges related to the loan. Several Clinton cronies showed up with Bill to a 2011 Housing Expo that cost more than $2 million to stage. Bill Clinton said it would be a model for the construction of thousands of homes in Haiti. In reality, no homes have been built. A few dozen model units were constructed but even they have not been sold. Rather, they are now abandoned and have been taken over by squatters.THE SCHOOLS THEY NEVER BUILT USAID contracts to remove debris in Port-au-Prince went to a Washington-based company named CHF International. The company s CEO David Weiss, a campaign contributor to Hillary in 2008, was deputy U.S. trade representative for North American Affairs during the Clinton administration. The corporate secretary of the board, Lauri Fitz-Pegado, served in a number of posts in the Clinton administration, including assistant secretary of commerce.The Clintons claim to have built schools in Haiti. But the New York Times discovered that when it comes to the Clintons,  built  is a term with a very loose interpretation. For example, the newspaper located a school featured in the Clinton Founation annual report as  built through a Clinton Global Initiative Commitment to Action.  In reality,  The Clinton Foundation s sole direct contribution to the school was a grant for an Earth Day celebration and tree-building activity. Via: National Review",0
20046,"PELOSI’S HACKED EMAIL SHOWS TOP-SECRET Memo To Staffers: Make #BLM Activists Think Dems Are On Their Side, But Don’t Let Them Come In Large Groups…”DO NOT Say ‘ALL Lives Matter!”","Docs leaked by Guccifer 2.0 show a memo from Nancy Pelosi giving directions to her minions about how to  handle  Black Lives Matter terror group.In the memo, Pelosi is careful to tell the DCCC staff to talk to BLM members, but make sure you don t allow them to meet with you in large numbers. In other words, feed the animals, but keep them at an arms length. This is exactly the kind of rhetoric you would expect from 5-star Nancy (who s net worth is listed at $74.11 million). Keep them engaged so you don t lose the Black voting block, but don t let them get too close Most notable is advising Democrats not to say  All lives matter  or to talk about  black-on-black crime  as this is the  worst thing  to say to Black Lives Matter activists.It describes BLM as  radical , which is pretty accurate and notes that it extends beyond questions of police brutality to  criminal justice reform . What they leave out is they don t want reform, they want eliminate prisons and police.Notice also it advises:  Don t offer support for concrete policy positions . In other words, listen and pretend you care, while offering nothing.Via: Weasel Zippers",0
20047,RETIRED COP PENS Gut-Wrenching VIRAL Letter To 49er’s QB Colin Kaepernick…THIS IS A MUST READ!,"It s easy to see why this letter went viral. Bravo Officer Chris Amos bravo!An Open Letter to Colin Kaepernick,Dear Colin guess you have been pretty busy these last few days. For the record I don t think any more or less of you for not standing for the National Anthem. Honestly, I never thought that much about you, or any professional athlete for that matter, to begin with. I ve read your statement a few times and want you to know I am one of the reasons you are protesting. You see I am a retired police officer that had the misfortune of having to shoot and kill a 19-year-old African American male. And just like you said, I was the recipient of about $3,000 a month while on leave which was a good thing because I had to support a wife and three children under 7-years-old for about 2 months with that money. Things were pretty tight because I couldn t work part time. Every police officer I ve ever known has worked part-time to help make ends meet.You know Colin the more I think about it the more we seem to have in common. I really pushed myself in rehab to get back on the street, kind of like you do to get back on the field. You probably have had a broken bone or two and some muscle strains and deep bruising that needed a lot of work. I just had to bounce back from a gunshot wound to the chest and thigh. Good thing we both get paid when we are too banged up to  play , huh? We both also know what it s like to get blindsided. You by a 280- pound defensive end, ouch! Me, by a couple of rounds fired from a gun about 2 feet away, into my chest and thigh. We also both make our living wearing uniforms, right? You have probably ruined a jersey or two on the field of play. I still have my blood stained shirt that my partner and paramedics literally ripped off my back that cold night in January. Fortunately, like you I was given a new one. Speaking of paramedics aren t you glad the second we get hurt trainers and doctors are standing by waiting to rush onto the field to scoop us up. I m thankful they get to you in seconds. It only took them about 10 minutes to get to me. By the grace of God, the artery in my thigh didn t rupture or else 10 minutes would have been about 9 minutes too late. We also have both experienced the hate and disgust others have just because of those uniforms we wear. I sure am glad for your sake that the folks who wear my uniform are on hand to escort you and those folks that wear your uniform into stadiums in places like Seattle!I guess that s where the similarities end Colin. You entertain for a living, I and almost 800,000 others across this country serve and protect. Are there some bad apples within my profession? Absolutely and they need to be identified and fired or arrested! But you know what, the vast majority do the right thing, the right way, for the right reason. Did I mention that seconds before I was shot, an elderly African American gentleman walking down the sidewalk, turned to my partner and I as we rode past and said,  Get them.  Get who you ask? The thugs terrorizing an otherwise good and decent neighborhood, home to dozens of good, decent African American families trying to raise those families in communities not protected by gates and security guards. No these folks and families depend on America s Law Enforcement Officers.Colin I have buried 7 friends, killed in the line of duty and three others who have committed suicide. I have attended more funerals than I care to remember of neighboring departments who have lost officers in the line of duty, during my career. Law Enforcement Officers with different backgrounds, upbringings, and experiences united by their willingness to answer the call to protect and serve their fellow citizens.Colin I am sorry for the endorsement deals you may lose and the dip in jersey sales, but please know you will NEVER lose what these men and women and their families have lost. And so whether you stand or sit during the National Anthem means very little to me. As for me and the men and women on whose team I was privileged to serve, we will put on our ballistic vests, badge, and gun, kiss our loved one s goodbye, for some tragically for the last time, and out into a shift of uncertainty we will go. We will continue to protect and continue to serve and we will be standing at attention Colin, not just for the playing of our National Anthem, but far more importantly for the playing of Taps. V/R Chris Amos ",0
20048,HOLY RIGGED ELECTION! Obama Regime Considers Special Declaration To Take Charge Of Elections! [VIDEO],"If the Obama regime is allowed to wrest control of our elections from the states America better get used to the idea of a President #CrookedHillary Even before the FBI identified new cyber attacks on two separate state election boards, the Department of Homeland Security began considering declaring the election a  critical infrastructure,  giving it the same control over security it has over Wall Street and and the electric power grid.The latest admissions of attacks could speed up that effort possibly including the upcoming presidential election, according to officials. We should carefully consider whether our election system, our election process, is critical infrastructure like the financial sector, like the power grid,  Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said. There s a vital national interest in our election process, so I do think we need to consider whether it should be considered by my department and others critical infrastructure,  he said at media conference earlier this month hosted by the Christian Science Monitor.DHS has a vital security role in 16 areas of critical infrastructure and they provide a model for what the department and Johnson could have in mind for the election.DHS describes it this way on their website:  There are 16 critical infrastructure sectors whose assets, systems, and networks, whether physical or virtual, are considered so vital to the United States that their incapacitation or destruction would have a debilitating effect on security, national economic security, national public health or safety, or any combination thereof. A White House policy directive adds,  The federal government also has a responsibility to strengthen the security and resilience of its own critical infrastructure, for the continuity of national essential functions, and to organize itself to partner effectively with and add value to the security and resilience efforts of critical infrastructure owners and operators. At the time, Johnson did not mention specific security issues, but the FBI has since cited one hack and another attempt.Johnson also said that the big issue at hand is that there isn t a central election system since the states run elections.  There s no one federal election system. There are some 9,000 jurisdictions involved in the election process,  Johnson said. Washington Examiner",0
20049,WIFE OF MUSLIM Immigrant Screams: “F*CK AMERICA!” After Husband Is Threatened With Deportation For Major Food Stamp Fraud In NY [VIDEO],"Such a nice little immigrant family. Let s bring 100,000 more of these wonderful, assimilating immigrants to America right away, so we can support them while they flip us off The owner of a Buffalo deli is being held on $2 million bail for welfare fraud charges.Ahmed Alshami, 37, is charged with criminal possession of public benefit cards, misuse of food stamps and criminal use of a public benefit card for defrauding the welfare system.Alshami is the owner and operator of IGA Express Mart, a corner deli at 271 Ludington in the City of Buffalo.According to the Erie County District Attorney s Office, between October 9, 2014 and March 21, 2016 Alshami is accused of buying EBT (food stamp) cards from people willing to trade them for cash. He usually paid people half of what the cards are worth.It is alleged that Alshami would use the food stamps to buy items to be sold in his store. In some instances, it is alleged the defendant would tell the original card holder to go to Tops, Wegmans, Walmart, or another  big box  store and buy the items for him.The purchases totaled $3,811.56.The DA s Office also says on March 16 of this year, Alshami allegedly knowingly and unlawfully entered an unoccupied rental property at 37 Davey St. He is accused of stealing the kitchen cabinets, hot water tank and baseboard heating units.Alshami pleaded not guilty to the misuse of food stamps and burglary charges.Outside of court on Tuesday, his daughter flipped off our cameras while his wife said,  Are you happy now? F&*& you. F&*& America. Via: WKBW Buffalo",0
20050,"WATCH TED CRUZ Promise To Support Trump If He Became Nominee…Today, Cruz (Hillary) Supporters Run Ads Against Trump In Swing States [VIDEO]","I was a die-hard Cruz supporter. I trusted him. I believed in him and I donated to his campaign. Today I am ashamed at the people I stood side by side with in the battle to take back our country from the Left, who seem hell-bent on not only allowing the Socialist Left to control the narrative, but actually aiding them in the process. The turning point for me was not the lack of endorsement for Trump at the RNC, but the time that Trump fans were viciously attacked in Chicago just for supporting a candidate they believed in. Cruz blamed Trump for the violence his supporters were victims of that night. At that moment, I knew I could no longer support a man who put his own candidacy before the support of thousands of Americans who are entitled by the very Constitution Cruz so vehemently defends, to their right to freedom of speech and to freedom of assembly. On March 3, 2016 Senator Ted Cruz told the FOX News debate audience he would support Donald Trump if he was the Republican nominee.Bret Baier: Senator Cruz will you support Donald Trump if he is the nominee?Senator Ted Cruz: Yes, because I gave my word I would. And what I have endeavored to do every day in the senate is do what I said I would do.Here s what Cruz actually did when he was invited to speak at the RNC convention and was given the opportunity to endorse Trump :Here s how the crowd at the RNC reacted over Ted s NON-endorsement of Trump:Ted Cruz fails to endorse Donald Trump; crowd boos as he walks off stage.pic.twitter.com/Fr28ZRg0JX  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) July 21, 2016Today, die-hard Cruz supporters are paying for ads in swing state to help Hillary win:Regina Thomson and Ted Cruz.Thomson, a Cruz supporter, led the  Free the Delegates  campaign against Trump to steal delegates from the record-setting Republican nominee.Now disgruntled Cruz supporters are running campaign ads against Donald Trump in swing states. Via: GPPolitico reported:Anti-Trump Republicans are preparing to launch a broadcast TV ad in a handful of swing-state suburbs urging Donald Trump to quit the presidential race so the party can replace him with a more electable nominee.The ad, titled  Keep Your Word,  features footage of Trump during the Republican primary in which he suggested he d drop out if he saw his poll numbers decline ..The 30-second spot is marked for a limited run on broadcast networks in suburban Florida, Virginia, Ohio and Michigan, according to Regina Thomson, a Colorado Republican activist and leader of Free the Delegates, the organization that failed to stop Trump s nomination at last month s national convention. All four states are central to Trump s path to the White House, though he s trailing in most polls of those states.",0
20051,BREAKING: #CrookedHillary Told FBI She Only Deleted Personal Emails…FBI Just Recovered 30 DELETED BENGHAZI Emails,"She s the most crooked criminal to ever seek the office of President of the United States. The State Department says about 30 emails that may be related to the 2012 attack on U.S. compounds in Benghazi, Libya, are among the thousands of Hillary Clinton emails recovered during the FBI s recently closed investigation into her use of a private server.WATCH Hillary lie here:Government lawyers told U.S. District Court Judge Amit P. Mehta Tuesday that an undetermined number of the emails among the 30 were not included in the 55,000 pages previously provided by Clinton. The State Department s lawyer said it would need until the end of September to review the emails and redact potentially classified information before they are released.The State Department says about 30 emails that may be related to the 2012 attack on U.S. compounds in Benghazi, Libya, are among the thousands of Hillary Clinton emails recovered during the FBI s recently closed investigation into her use of a private server.Clinton has previously maintained that the only server emails that were not handed over to the State Department were related to personal matters not having to do with her professional duties.Following the Benghazi email discovery, Jason Miller, Senior Communications Advisor for Donald Trump s presidential campaign said in a statement: Today s disclosure that 30 additional emails about Benghazi were discovered on Hillary Clinton s private server raises additional questions about the more than 30,000 emails she deleted. Hillary Clinton swore before a federal court and told the American people she handed over all of her work-related emails. If Clinton did not consider emails about something as important as Benghazi to be work-related, one has to wonder what is contained in the other emails she attempted to wipe from her server. Government lawyers told U.S. District Court Judge Amit P. Mehta Tuesday that an undetermined number of the emails among the 30 were not included in the 55,000 pages previously provided by Clinton. The State Department s lawyer said it would need until the end of September to review the emails and redact potentially classified information before they are released.A law enforcement official also told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the FBI is expected to release documents soon related to its investigation, which focused on whether Clinton and her aides mishandled government secrets.The official, who wasn t authorized to discuss the matter by name and spoke on condition of anonymity, said documents in the case would be made public as the FBI responds to Freedom of Information Act requests. It wasn t immediately clear when the documents would be released or exactly what they would include.For entire story: TIME",0
20052,OCTOBER 1st Could Mark End Of Free Speech On The Internet: How Obama Regime May Be Turning Control Of Internet Over To U.N.,"Anyone who s paying attention to the stunning final acts by this President should not be shocked by this potential threat to the world s freedom of speech. He is anything but a  lame duck The United States could give control of one of the internet s underlying systems to the United Nations after pledging not to, it has been claimed.The government has announced plans to relinquish control of the online addressing and numbering system, turning it over to a private international organization.For years, the US Department Of Commerce has been responsible for managing URLs and ensuring they lead to the proper web pages.It has subcontracted the task to a private nonprofit, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (Icann).But the US government, which funded much of the internet s early development, has so far retained veto power.Although the US role has been minimal over the years, many foreign governments have complained that the internet can never be truly international if the US retains veto power.They have sought instead to shift responsibility to an inter-governmental body such as the UN International Telecommunication Union.But business, academic and civil-society leaders balked, worried that UN involvement would threaten the openness that has allowed the internet to flourish.Concerns were also raised that UN control would give authoritarian states like China and Iran equal votes among other countries in influencing policies that affect free speech.Lawrence E. Strickling, assistant secretary for communications and information at the Commerce Department, said the endorsed plan won t replace Commerce s role with a government-led or inter-governmental solution.But the UN could end up managing the addressing system after all, according to Wall Street Journal columnist L Gordon Crovitz. He based his theory on an inquiry by Americans For Limited Government, an advocacy group that sent a Freedom Of Information Act request related to Icann s future.Icann had asked for  all records relating to legal and policy analysis  concerning antitrust issues for Icann, Crovitz reported. Icann currently benefits from an antitrust exemption because it operates under government control, he said.The contract between Icann and the US government is expected to expire on September 30. Via: Daily Mail",0
20053,"FLASHBACK VIDEO: JESSE JACKSON Praises Donald Trump For His Commitment To Bringing Blacks, Minorities Into Corporate America","Oops! Hillary and her race-baiting campaign team are NOT going to want the Black community to see this video Donald Trump doesn t want to give the Black and minority communities a hand-out he wants to give them self-respecting JOBS. He wants to see every American reach their full potential regardless of the color of their skin. This is a concept so foreign to the Democrat Party that the only response they re able to come up with is falsely accusing Trump of being a  racist  and hoping it sticks. For decades, the Democrats have been able to get away with falsely labeling Republicans But Donald Trump is NOT your average Republican, and he s about to bring down the Democrats false narrative like a house of cards.Enjoy:https://youtu.be/7U6Pp5iflTs ",0
20054,Hispanic Man Living In “Hood” Has BRUTAL Message For “Lefty”: My dead friends were not shot by “White Right wing extremists” [VIDEO]," It s easy to blame the  White man that way, you don t have to be accountable for your actions I lived in Oakland [CA] all my life, and the people that robbed my mama at gun-point, when she was just a hard-working immigrant trying to get ahead honestly, it wasn t  White, right-wing extremists,  it was black and brown people. Why don t you cheat on your wife and blame her for it? My hardworking mom was not robbed by ""White Right wingers.""My dead friends were not shot by ""White Right wingers"" pic.twitter.com/RqyeWnShpu  Oak-Town Unfiltered  (@hrtablaze) August 30, 2016",0
20055,"MOTHER OF SON KILLED IN AFGHANISTAN To Anti-American 49er’s QB Colin Kaepernick: “My heart is exploding, my lungs are without air, my blood is boiling, my body is shaking, and tears are running down my face” [VIDEO]","When multi-millionaire San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick decided to take a stand against an  oppressive  America, some very patriotic Americans hit back.Prior to the 49er s pre-season game against WI Green Bay Packers, multi-millionaire quarterback Colin Kaeprernick, who was raised by White parents made the decision to sit out the national anthem as a form of protest: I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,  Kaepernick told NFL Media in an exclusive interview after the game.  To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder. Kaepernick s decision didn t sit well with many Americans, but this  Gold-Star Mom Teri Maxwell Johnson, who lost her son in Afghanistan isn t just going to sit by idly without letting this whiny,  oppressed  anti-American know how she feels.From Gold Star Mom Teri Maxwell Johnson: My heart is exploding, my lungs are without air, my blood is boiling, my body is shaking, and tears are running down my face. Colin Kaepernick of the San Francisco 49ers is refusing to stand for the national anthem. His comment stated he would not stand and show pride in a flag that represents an oppressive nation  while there are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder .Mr. Kaepernick, I am sitting in my livingroom looking outside at my American Flag   flying at half staff. You see, my son s body lay in a street after an IED blew up the vehicle he was fighting in. His blood stains the sands of Afghanistan. He died protecting the ideals of the flag you refuse to respect. He died so that ungrateful, privileged, arrogant men like you can be just that   ungrateful, privileged, and arrogant.There are brave men and women all around that stand between evil and you. Men and women willing to die to protect you because they believe in the ideals this country was founded on. Men and women of all races and all religions. Ask them, sir, about pride in the American Flag. Ask them how their heart feels when they hear the National Anthem being sung. You are a public figure, someone young people look to as an example.Shame on you. Shame on you for your disrepect towards those who are true examples of honesty, integrity, pride, and leadership. Shame on you for disrespecting my son and his life. His sacrifice.**Sgt. Joseph Johnson   my soldier, my son, my hero**Gold Star Mom Terri Maxwell-Johnson told Jake Tapper (below) how she feels about Kaepernick s disrespect for our flag after he tweeted out her letter last night:Whatever you may think about Colin Kaepernick's decision, here's how it impacted one Gold Star Mom. pic.twitter.com/3uaUxNsFoM  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) August 28, 2016Here is her interview:",0
20056,BWAH-HA-HA! ARTIST BRILLIANTLY Captures Hillary’s Reaction To Her Fear Of “Alt-Right” Media,"Hillary would like American voters to believe the  alt-right  media (new nickname for media who s not afraid to  out  her and the Clinton Crime family) is out to get her and they would be correct. Hillary and Bill have been given a pass by the mainstream media for decades. Thanks to alternative media sources, Hillary is no longer able to behave like the queen of the Clinton Crime Syndicate and get away with it. Hillary should be afraid of the  alt-right boogeyman they can t be bought and won t be frightened by the Clinton Crime family. And best of all, they re not going away until every American knows the truth about #CrookedHillary #HillarysBoogeyMen #Trump #Breitbart @RealAlexJones #pepe #pickle #Brexit #Putin #Harambe https://t.co/Oj98iIxEAZ pic.twitter.com/L2pQjUmdef  BenGarrison Cartoons (@GrrrGraphics) August 29, 2016Here s Hillary interrupting  her seizures, coughing fits and 3-day naps  to call out the  Alt-right :",0
20057,BEYONCE Performs Graphic Anti-Cop Song…Dancers ‘Shot’ One By One On Stage [Video],"Beyonce gets political in her graphic anti-cop performance at the MTV VMAs last night. The MTV awards use to be a fun-filled night of entertainment but now it s a chance for political activism to take center stage. Prior to the show, Beyonce met with the Michael Brown s mom and other moms of people killed by police officers. We guess she forgot about the fact that all of these cases are legitimate cases of crimes being committed by the deceased. The truth is way too buried because it s more profitable for the truth to be twisted. Where were the families of police officers like the Dallas officers murdered in cold blood? Nope, Beyonce had to stick with a lie and be the political activist she always has been. Remember the Super Bowl? Yes, that was where she had her dancers form an X on the field in support of the Black Panthers fist raised in the air and all. I have one thing to say about all of this  While performing a medley of songs from her hit album, Lemonade, the pop megastar was surrounded by backup dancers dressed as angels. However, as red lights flooded the stage, each of the  angels  was shot down during the performance, which viewers said was a representation of police brutality. The imagery of the Beyonce performance with the angels getting shot down ,  one person tweeted.  Beyonce too deep. All the angels were shot, police brutality,  another wrote.I think I need a moment after watching @beyonce s #VMA performance https://t.co/lYVFfrIenO  MTV (@MTV) August 29, 2016  Read more: Daily Mail ",0
20058,4 THINGS THE MEDIA WON’T TELL YOU About “Oppressed” Anti-American NFL QB Colin Kaepernick,"San Fransisco 49er s quarterback Colin Kaepernick refused to stand during the national anthem during a recent NFL football game. He claimed he would no longer stand for a flag that represents a country who oppresses blacks. Does he even know what  oppression  is?1). Kaepernick coincidentally converted to Islam only two months ago.2). He is engaged to Nessa Diab, a Black Lives Matter activist who promotes what she calls  authentic Islam.  The Kaepernick s will also have a traditional Muslim wedding.3). Kaepernick was abandoned by his black family as a child and was adopted by a white family. Did he suffer like he claims or was he taken care of when no one else wanted him? You only hear him talking tough now because something else is driving his anti-American anger.4).To date, Kaepernick has donated $0 (ZERO) to Black Lives Matter or any other group affiliated with helping minorities. His net worth is estimated to be over $100 million, yet he has donated zero dollars to the issues he claims to be so passionate about. When the National Anthem is played, I salute because I am a black man born and raised in the inner city afforded the opportunity for greatness in my own right. May you seek God s forgiveness and find humility, because we, the people are not going to forget what you did and said. Conservative Daily PostFormer US Rep., Allen West had these tough words for anti-American pro-BLM Colin Kaepernick: BLM activists are thugs that vandalize cities and collect welfare checks while our veterans are sleeping under a bridge overpass because they fought for Kaepernick to have the freedom to utter ignorant remarks like he did.  ",0
20059,TRUMP’S BEST CAMPAIGN AD EVER Just Came From Barack Obama…ENJOY! [VIDEO],"After watching this video, one thing is abundantly clear When it comes to #CrookedHillary Clinton, some things never change:  ",0
20060,NEW BLACK PANTHER LEADER: Trump Is Right…Asks Blacks To “Re-examine The Relationship” With Democrat Party…”Democrats Pimp Us [Blacks] Like Prostitutes” [VIDEO],"Donald Trump has been crucified by the leftist mainstream media, GOP RINO s and Democrat leaders non-stop for his brash outspoken ways. But after 54 years of voting for Democrats, and getting absolutely nothing but a permanent ticket to their inner city plantation, his tough talk is starting to resonate with minorities who want to make a better life for themselves. They want to see a President who truly cares about seeing them succeed and isn t just in this race as the next step in his political career This is not going to set well with pandering Hillary Quanell X, leader of the New Black Panther Party in Houston, Texas, said this week on a local news program that black Americans should  truly examine  Donald Trump s outreach to the black community and  reexamine the relationship  that black voters have with the Democratic Party.America s in trouble. And I want to say to black and white people, only a fool fights in a burning house. This house is on fire.Read the transcript of Quanell X s remarks:Donald Trump last week went to Milwaukee because of the rioting behind the police shooting of a young African-American male by a black officer and the city was being burned down in certain parts of the black community by protesters so Donald Trump decided to go to Milwaukee and speak about the conditions of America and why he felt black people should vote for him. He even went on to lay out reasons why he felt we should.Let me say this to the brothers and sisters who listened and watched that speech. We may not like the vessel that said what he said, but I ask us to truly examine what he said, because it is a fact that for 54 years, we have been voting for the Democratic party like no other race in America. And they have not given us the same loyalty and love that we have given them. We as black people have to reexamine the relationship   where we are being pimped like prostitutes, and they re the big pimps pimping us politically, promising us everything and we get nothing in return.We gotta step back now as black people and say, we ve gotta look at all the parties and vote our best interests.He spoke directly to black people. And I want to say and encourage the brothers and sisters. Barack Obama, our president, served two terms. The first black president ever. But did our condition get better? Did financially, politically, academically, with education in our community, did things get better? Are our young people working more than what is was before he came into office? The condition got worse. So now we as black people have to do and remember what the honorable Elijah Mohammed said. No politician can save the black community; we ve gotta do it ourselves.Via: Breitbart News ",0
20061,WHY TRUMP SUPPORTERS ARE LAUGHING After WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange Announces What He Has On Trump,"Fans of #CrookedHillary are not going to like this WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has said that the information they have on Donald Trump is not  more controversial material than what comes out of Donald Trump s mouth every second day.   We do have some information about the Republican campaign,  Assange said.  I mean, it s from a point of view of an investigative journalist organization like WikiLeaks, the problem with the Trump campaign is it s actually hard for us to publish much more controversial material than what comes out of Donald Trump s mouth every second day, I mean, that s a very strange reality for most of the media to be in. Assange has also claimed he has further information relating to Hillary Clinton that he plans to release closer to the November election.Assange alluded to what information the  October surprise  as it is now being called may contain saying,  I don t want to give the game away, but it s a variety of documents from different types of institutions that are associated with the election campaign, some quite unexpected angles, some quite interesting, some even entertaining. Assange isn t focusing entirely on Clinton however, urging anyone with information on Trump to come forward,  If anyone has any information that is from inside the Trump campaign, which is authentic, it s not like some claimed witness statement but actually internal documentation, we d be very happy to receive and publish it,  he said on NPR s  Morning Edition  in August.  Breitbart News",0
20062,WATCH ANGRY 49ERS FAN Burn Colin Kaepernick Jersey…With The National Anthem Playing…Awesome!,"IT S A TREND! Angry fans are stepping up to burn the jersey of the 49ers quarterback after he chose to stay on th bench during the national anthem. Maybe he should just remain on the bench for the rest of the season! Check out the awesome video below of a fan burning the jersey with the national anthem playing in the background!Furious San Francisco 49ers fans have started burning Colin Kaepernick jerseys after he refused to stand for the national anthem as part of a racial protest.One fan even played The Star-Spangled Banner as he set light to the Number 7 shirt, watching with his hand on his chest as it burned.Another, who uploaded a video to Instagram under the handle Nate3914, called the $19 million-per-year athlete an  ignorant son of a b****. He added:  People die every single day defending that flag you refuse to stand for and I won t stand for that. This jersey was the worst $50 investment I have ever had   you should never play in the NFL again, move to Canada. Thousands of football fans also took to Twitter in order to shout down Kaepernick s protests, accusing him of being unpatriotic, spoiled, and childish.Tomi Lahren, of news site The Blaze, tweeted saying:  If this country disgusts you so much. Leave. Others would die to be in your spot you cocky child.  Read more: Daily Mail",0
20063,MIKE ROWE SENDS A BRUTAL MESSAGE To The Media Trying To Label TRUMP Supporters As “Uneducated”,"An electrical contractor wrote to the 54-year-old host of  Dirty Jobs  to say that he finds it offensive when the media constantly refers to majority of the Republican nominee s supporters as  uneducated white men. If the media is referring to Trump supporters who happen to be male caucasians suffering from a lack of knowledge brought about by an absence of formal or practical instruction, than I guess  uneducated white men  is a fair description,  Rowe responded in a lengthy Facebook post.  However, if the Trump supporters in question are being dubbed  uneducated,  simply because they didn t earn a four-year degree, I d say the media s slip is showing. Let s assume that Donald Trump is indeed popular among white men who didn t graduate from college. The first question is, so what? Is this information newsworthy? Obviously, thousands of journalists think it is. To your point, the words  uneducated white men  now appear in hundreds of articles about Trump. But if this is truly important information, where were these reporters four years ago? In the last election, an even greater majority of African-American males who voted for President Obama had no college on their resume. Maybe I missed it, but I don t recall any headlines or articles that delved into Obama s popularity among  uneducated black men. If the media didn t care about the lack of college among black men supporting Obama, why do they care so much about the lack of college among white men supporting Trump? Moreover, when exactly did a lack of college become synonymous with a lack of education? There are many ways to become educated that don t involve the purchase of a diploma. Why would the media ignore thousands of apprenticeship programs, on-the-job-training opportunities, and all the other alternative educational options that have led so many people into so many successful careers? The answer is obvious   many in the press are looking for ways to impact the election. If a biased reporter can get away with labeling Trump supporters who didn t graduate from college as  uneducated,  he can simultaneously imply that any ballot cast for Trump is the hallmark of an  uneducated  voter. It s impossible for me to have this conversation and not think of my grandfather. Pop never made it to college. In fact, he never made it out of the 7th grade. But he never stopped learning or studying. He started as an electrician s helper, became an apprentice, a journeyman, a master electrician, a contractor, and then a small business owner. Later, as an electrical inspector for the state, he was responsible for guaranteeing the safety of hundreds of buildings in Maryland, as well as all the rides on the carnival midway at the State Fair. He was a modest man of real intelligence, admired and respected by everyone who knew him. But today, he d be right there with you, Albert   swelling out the ranks of  uneducated white men. Closing the skills gap and making college more affordable is beyond my pay grade, but it seems like we could start by reminding the media that a college degree is not the only path to success. It s well and good to promote higher education, but it s crazy to suggest the most expensive road to enlightenment is the best path for the most people. And it s equally nuts to pressure our kids to keep borrowing vast sums of money to become  educated  in careers that no longer exist. The media has minimized your work, insulted your intelligence, and ignored your contribution to civilized life. Try not to take it personally. Just keep doing what you do. Run your business. Vote your conscience. Keep the lights on for the rest of us. Read more: Daily Caller ",0
20064,ABC NEWS: Emails Show Hillary’s Top Aide Arranged “Special Seating” At State Dinner For Top Clinton Donors [VIDEO],"This woman should be in a jail cell not sitting around laughing and opening pickle jars on the Jimmy Fallon show. Judicial Watch s release this week of 725 pages of State Department emails involving Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin demonstrates the Obama administration considers a large percentage of the emails sent through Clinton s private server too sensitive for Congress or the American public to read.Of the 725 pages, more than 250 pages were 100 percent redacted, many with  PAGE DENIED  stamped in bold.Judicial Watch said the new cache includes previously unreleased email exchanges in which former Abedin  provided influential Clinton Foundation donors special, expedited access to the secretary of state. Judicial Watch added that in many instances, the preferential treatment provided to donors was at the specific request of Clinton Foundation executive Douglas Band. The Abedin emails reveal that the longtime Clinton aide apparently served as a conduit between Clinton Foundation donors and Hillary Clinton while Clinton served as secretary of state. In more than a dozen email exchanges, Abedin provided expedited, direct access to Clinton for donors who had contributed from $25,000 to $10 million to the Clinton Foundation,  Judicial Watch said in a statement announcing the release.   WNDWATCH:#CrookedHillary scandal #9,999 and counting ",0
20065,BLACK MEN FOR BERNIE FOUNDER Campaigns In Swing States For TRUMP: “Bill And Hillary Did Major Damage To Our Communities Last Time In White House” [VIDEO],"Apparently, using thug Michael Ferguson s mom as a prop at Black functions was not enough to be granted the Black vote Black Men for Bernie founder Bruce Carter s mission to restore black communities didn t end when Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders lost to Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primary. He opposed Hillary Clinton and the Democratic establishment then because he knew that they didn t represent the minority communities he engaged in politics to fight for.After the leak of internal DNC emails, Carter is convinced that the Democratic Party  rigged  the primary against his candidate and that Hillary Clinton s Democratic Party has no intention of changing the policies that led to the destruction of the communities he s working to improve.Bruce Carter still believes that Hillary Clinton is the poster child for the kind of cronyism, corruption, and evil that the Bernie revolution was built to overthrow. He doesn t believe Hillary Clinton when she labels Donald Trump and his supporters as racists because he knows she falsely labeled her opponents in the primary as sexist  Bernie Bros.  Carter s preparing to take the experience, knowledge, and contacts his group built during the primary to campaign against Hillary Clinton and for Donald Trump and other Republicans in battleground states across the country.Bruce Carter and Black Men for Bernie are at war with the Democratic establishment, whom he says pander for votes but haven t delivered meaningful results to minority communities for decades. Carter became politically active to support Bernie Sanders, who taught him how the establishment s only real constituency was the donor class. When he paired that knowledge with what he knew about the decline in the black and minority neighborhoods he loves, he realized Democratic politicians and the media had been lying. Bernie inspired us to disrupt the status quo because it only works for the elites and not regular people who are struggling,  Carter told Breitbart News.  If black communities vote for Hillary Clinton and Democrats in November, nothing will change because Democrats will continue to believe they don t have to do anything to earn our votes. Carter became one of the most prominent and recognizable supporters of the Sanders campaign by traveling the country in a tour bus and fleet of vehicles wrapped with the Black Men for Bernie logo and a picture of Sanders being arrested during the civil rights movement. His online videos received millions of views and featured celebrities like Mark Ruffalo and ice cream makers Ben and Jerry.This guy knows what he s doing when it comes to rallying the troops to get behind his candidate. Watch Carter organizing supporters for Bernie before Hillary cheated him out of the chance to become the Democrat Party candidate:Carter told Breitbart News that his greatest awakening of how Democrats exploit minority voters came when he learned from the Washington Post that the Democratic Party spends less than 2 percent of its campaign resources with minority-owned companies, even though they get better than 90 percent of the black vote. It is a practice that Carter calls  political slavery. Now Black Men for Bernie are rebranding and again planning to tour the country with an emphasis on battleground states. Carter says he s going to organize black and minority communities to vote against Hillary Clinton and the Democratic establishment. Donald Trump is a business man and a real estate mogul who could provide knowledge and resources to transform urban communities through the development of minority-owned businesses,  Carter said.  With this tour, we re going to show Mr. Trump and Republicans that the black and minority communities are ready to work with anyone willing to work with us to build opportunities in businesses, employment, and housing. We don t want welfare, we need opportunity. Carter had a lot of ideas when asked about what Trump could do to help him win black votes away from the Democrats.  When Donald Trump tells black people, what do you have to lose by voting for me, he s getting close to a message that will work, but it s not quite there yet,  Carter explained: We re going to go back to these communities in Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and across the country to lead people to the facts about the Clintons  and Democrats  failures with our struggling communities,  Carter said:For Carter and the Black Men for Bernie, they can t unlearn what they discovered about Hillary during the primary.  We know that Hillary Clinton is for Hillary Clinton and the rich donors of the Clinton Foundation,  Carter said.  We know that Bill and Hillary did major damage to our communities the last time they were in the White House. We know they will lie about their opponents by unfairly labeling them sexists and racists and radicals. Donald Trump isn t a typical politician and he isn t beholden to the same old political powers,  Carter continued.  We want to earn our seat at the table in his administration and I think he and the Republicans are smart enough to realize that when we deliver them a historic number of minority votes, they better do a better job than the Democrats have done or they re never going to get an opportunity like this again. For entire story: Breitbart News",0
20066,"MN: Why Did Police “Stand Down”? GROTESQUE VIDEO Shows Male Hillary Supporter PUNCHING Elderly Trump Supporter Several Times, Other Trump Supporters Spit On, Assaulted And Robbed","Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was in Minneapolis Friday night for a fundraiser held at the city s convention city that was besieged outside by violent liberal protesters.Trump supporters attending the rally were punched, spit on and robbed while Trump s Secret Service motorcade was blocked by protesters who jumped on one of the vehicles.Update: Protests at Donald Trump event turn unruly late. Police: No arrests, minor damage. https://t.co/T6fT3A7dk1 pic.twitter.com/RbJLBZK024  Star Tribune (@StarTribune) August 20, 2016Now this  The Trump supporters said the police stood back at they were assaulted, robbed and spit on. No arrests were made. PJ Media reported:A week ago in Minneapolis, Republican donors attending a Trump fundraiser were assaulted, robbed and spat upon by a violent leftist mob as they were leaving the event. Attendees say that even though there was a strong law enforcement presence at the convention center downtown where the fundraiser was held, they were not afforded any police protection when coming to and leaving the event   and even more incredibly, there were no arrests.Many people who attended the event told Fox 9 that police seemed to back down from intervening, but the Minneapolis Police Department insists there was no stand-down order.  GP ",0
20067,ACTOR TIM ALLEN: Hillary Isn’t Capable Of Being Funny…Bill Clinton Creepily Checked Out His Wife When They Met [VIDEO],"Megyn:  What about Tim Allen? You re one of the few conservatives in Hollywood. You re out of the closet as a conservative. Who do you like for President? Megyn:  What about Hillary Clinton? Tim Allen:  All my staff, we asked the girl writers, the females, the women they said  It s about time . So one of us said,  If it was Sarah Palin would it still be  about time ? Tim Allen:  Did she [Hillary] actually bark like a dog? Did I actually see that? She doesn t have a skill set for jokes. She s just not her husband, who I ve met, and is actually kind of a neat guy. Although, he was eyeballing my wife the entire time we were talking. I think this guy he really was. And he kept looking at me, but he kept looking at her  Heh, heh, how you doing, it s nice talking to ya, I really love your show. ",0
20068,"“HILL”-ARIOUS VIDEO: HILLARY TAKES BREAK From Seizures, Coughing Fits, 3 Naps A Day To Slam Trump And “Alt-Right”",This video brilliantly dispels every one of Hillary s false claims and throws them right back in her face Absolutely brilliant!,0
20069,ERIC TRUMP Says Political Correctness Motivated His Dad To Run: Renaming Of “Christmas Tree”…Forcing Firemen To Remove American Flag From Trucks,"Millennial propaganda tool for the Democrat Party, Buzzfeed  news  publication attempted to do a hit piece on Eric Trump. They claim that when Eric was giving his list of reasons his father chose to run for office, which included the insanity of the political correctness we see today, that he incorrectly stated the White House Christmas tree is called a  Holiday Tree.  But did he really misspeak?Buzzfeed never addressed the core of Eric Trump s comments, which were really about the ruin of our nation over political correctness. Instead, Buzzfeed chose to dissect one small part of what Eric Trump said about the White House Christmas tree, which, as it turns out, was actually mostly accurate.The White House  Christmas tree  was renamed the  Holiday Tree  in the 1990 s, Republican House Speaker Denny Hastert changed the name back to  Christmas tree  in 2005. This is the garbage young Americans are reading every day in their social media newsfeed. It s one of the primary reasons we see so many young people walking around in a stupor with Bernie Sanders or Hillary bumper stickers on their Prius .From Buzzfeed   Eric Trump, listing off reasons his father is running for president, said in an interview this week that one of the motivations was the renaming of the White House Christmas tree to  holiday tree. The tree placed on the White House lawn during the holiday season is still called the  National Christmas Tree. He opens up the paper each morning and sees our nation s leaders giving a hundred billion dollars to Iran, or he opens the paper and some new school district has just eliminated the ability for its students to say the pledge of allegiance, or some fire department in some town is ordered by the mayor to no longer fly the American flag on the back of a fire truck,  Trump told James Robison in an interview posted this week.Buzzfeed never questioned the validity of the ransom money our President covertly paid to Iran. They never questioned whether or not schools and local governments are attempting to eliminate the pledge of allegiance, so as not to offend immigrants or refugees. It s funny how they never suggested the story about the firemen being forced to remove the American flag from the back of their trucks was not 100% accurate. Nope just the accuracy of the Christmas tree comment Or he sees the tree on the White House lawn has been renamed  Holiday tree  instead of  Christmas tree,  continued Trump.  I could go on and on for hours. Those are the very things that made my father run, and those are the very things he cares about. Chain emails that began when President Obama took office falsely claimed that tree had been renamed. A tree on Capitol Hill was briefly called a  Holiday Tree  in the 1990s, but the name was changed in 2005 at the direction of then-Speaker Dennis Hastert.Watch Eric Trump s awesome speech at the RNC, where he talks about why his dad is running and why he s the most qualified man in America to  step in  and assume the office of President of the United States: ",0
20070,OFFENDING THE GLOBALISTS: Teen Kicked Out Of UN Building For Wearing Bill Clinton “Rape” Shirt [VIDEO],"Freedom of speech is not a universally accepted right, which is just one more reason the U.S. has no business funding the globalist UN and their activities When you re visiting the UN Building in NYC, it might be a good idea not to offend the globalists or anyone in a leadership role with the globalists https://youtu.be/yvLrss1H4G8The Bill Clinton  RAPE  shirt can be purchased at InfoWars at this LINK. We are in no way affiliated or benefitting from the sale of this t-shirt. We just thought you might like to know where you can pick one up and spread the truth about the sexual predator husband Hillary has enabled for decades .",0
20071,CNN CANCELS POPULAR DR DREW Show After He Tells Viewers He’s “Gravely Concerned ” About Hillary’s Health [VIDEO],"Another stunning cover-up for #Unfit Hillary by her most committed media cheerleader One week ago, board-certified medicine specialist, TV personality and CNN employee Dr. Drew Pinsky broke the mold of conformity, when he said that he is  gravely concerned  about presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s health, pointing out that treatment she is receiving could be the result of her bizarre behaviors.Appearing on KABC s McIntyre in the Morning, Pinsky said he and his colleague Dr. Robert Huizenga became  gravely concerned .not just about her health but her health care,  after analyzing what medical records on Hillary had been released. Pinsky pointed out that after Clinton fainted and fell in late 2012, she suffered from a  transverse sinus thrombosis,  an  exceedingly rare clot  that  virtually guarantees somebody has something wrong with their coagulation system.   What s wrong with her coagulation system, has that been evaluated?  asked Dr. Drew.Pinsky described the situation as  bizarre,  and said that Hillary s medical condition was  dangerous  and  concerning . Dr. Drew also went on to add that it was a sign of  brain damage  when Hillary had to wear prism glasses after her fall. Just as stunning as Pinsky s assessment which promptly went viral and led to the immediate takedown of the original interview webpage by KABC-AM radio, was that it came from an employee of HLN, which is part of the pro-Clinton CNN network.As such it is probably not surprising that earlier today, just one week later, CNN executive vice president Ken Jautz announced Thursday that  Dr. Drew and I have mutually agreed to air the final episode of his show on September 22.    Zero Hedge ",0
20072,#CrookedHillary Uses Twitter To Accuse Trump Of Being A “Racist”…Forgets To Mention $20K+ In Donations From KKK In 2016 [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton is bending over backwards to convince American voters that Donald Trump is a  racist  because a White Supremacist and a KKK member said they plan to vote for him. ]who eulogized KKK leader, mentor and close friend, Robert C. Byrd, and about the $20,000 donation she accepted from the KKK just this year!?  Here s a tweet from the woman who REFUSES to speak to reporters after being caught in yet ANOTHER SCANDAL. This time, its been revealed that Hillary and her grifter and serial rapist husband have been selling our nation for favors through their pay-to-play slush fund, the Clinton Foundation (Criminal Piggy Bank). Oh yeah about that tweet:It's not a coincidence that white supremacists proudly support Trump. pic.twitter.com/3OX4I1GSkr  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) August 25, 2016Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign has received more than $20,000 in donations contributed by members of the Ku Klux Klan, a prominent member of the hate group said Monday.Mr. Quigg, the leader of the Klan s California chapter, announced last month that he had abandoned supporting Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump in lieu of backing his likely Democratic opponent. The Klansman claims that members have raised more than $20,000 for Mrs. Clinton and have donated it anonymously to her campaign.Clinton campaign spokesman Josh Schwerin disputed the grand dragon s claim and said the former secretary of state has rejected the group s endorsement.  Washington TimesWatch Hillary s praise for KKK leader, Senator Robert C. Byrd:",0
20073,"When #BlackLivesMatter, Golf Take Priority Over Our Vets: 76 YR OLD VET Kills Himself In VA Parking Lot After ER Allegedly Denied Appointment With Doctor For Mental Problems","There aren t too many stories that are more shameful or disturbing than this one. What has been done to fix the horrible quality of care our veterans have been receiving during Obama s eight years in office? What would the VA look like today if Obama spent as much time trying to fix this broken health care system for our veterans as he spent trying to improve his golf swing or organizing with Black Lives Matter terrorists? If anyone thinks Hillary would do a better job with our vets and their health care, they only need to do is look at Benghazi to see how much she cares about members of our US Military. Hillary continues to brag about her failed efforts to inflict a similar government run health care system on every American A veteran took his own life in the parking lot of a VA hospital in Long Island, New York, over the weekend after he was allegedly denied an appointment with an ER doctor for his mental problems.Peter Kaisen, 76, of Islip, was pronounced dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound outside Building 92 at the Northport Veterans Affairs Medical Center on Sunday.According to a note posted on a funeral home s website, Kaisen was married, had children and grandchildren.The Suffolk County Police Department has confirmed that Kaisen had been a patient at the VA hospital but said nothing about a possible motive behind the suicide.However, two hospital employees talking anonymously to the New York Times, which broke the story, revealed that Kaisen had been frustrated that he could not see a doctor in the emergency room, where he went to seek help related to his mental health.One of the sources told the paper that the 76-year-old veteran shot himself inside his car after being denied service in the ER. The source wondered why Kaisen had not been sent to the hospital s mental health center, or put in contact with a psychologist by phone. Someone dropped the ball,  the unnamed hospital staffer told The Times.  They should not have turned him away. The VA medical system, which serves nine million servicemen, has been under scrutiny since 2014, when it was revealed in a scathing report from the inspector general s office that about 1,700 veterans at a Phoenix hospital faced chronic wait times and were  at risk of being lost or forgotten .The VA later confirmed that at least 35 veterans died while awaiting treatment in Phoenix.VA officials in Phoenix were also accused of falsifying records to cover up the long wait times for medical appointments.Entire story: Daily Mail",0
20074,UNRECOGNIZABLE After Major Plastic Surgery…HOLLYWOOD LIB Renee Zellweger Criticizes Trump: “Why are we talking about how women look?” [VIDEO],"Someone should find out if Hillary supporter, Renee Zellweger had a lobotomy, while the hypocritical actress (who questioned why appearances matter so much) was having her face completely reconstructed.As Zellweger trashed Trump, she declared Hillary Clinton as one of the most  prepared  people to ever seek the presidency. There s never been anyone better prepared in our lifetime,  the actress said.Zellweger also criticized Republican nominee Donald Trump.In a lengthy interview timed to her long-awaited return to the big screen as Bridget Jones, actress Ren e Zellweger opened up about her support for Hillary Clinton, her disdain for Donald Trump and her disappointment that women in Hollywood getting older is viewed as a  negative thing. Speaking publicly about the controversy surrounding her appearance, the 47-year-old Bridget Jones s Baby actress told the Hollywood Reporter:  I ve never seen the maturation of a woman as a negative thing. I ve never seen a woman stepping into her more powerful self as a negative. But this conversation perpetuates the problem,  she continued.  Why are we talking about how women look? Why do we value beauty over contribution? We don t seem to value beauty over contribution for men. It s simply not a conversation. Zellweger found herself at the center of a debate about cosmetic surgery in Hollywood after Variety film critic Owen Gleiberman derided both the actress and the practice in a June 30 op-ed, titled  Renee Zellweger: If She No Longer Looks Like Herself Has She Become a Different Actress?  In it, Gleiberman denounced the  vanity-fueled image culture  that promotes plastic surgery as a  ritual,  which he says drastically altered the way Zellweger s character in Bridget Jones s Baby looks from how she appeared in the original film, 2001 s Bridget Jones s Diary.  Breitbart",0
20075,INCOMING FRESHMEN Are Put On Notice With Welcome Letter From U of Chicago Dean Of Students…”Trigger Warning” Crybabies Stay Home,"Wow! The University of Chicago sends impressive letter to incoming Freshman warning them that freedom of speech is alive and well at their college. This letter makes it pretty clear that they will not be joining with hundreds of other colleges across America to squelch the free speech rights of anyone who disagrees with the Black Lives Matter, progressive social justice warrior nonsense.After a student at the University of Illinois Chicago Hyde Park campus threatened to shoot up the campus and  Kill White devils in November 2015, over the shooting of a young black man by police in Chicago, the school made the decision to shut down the campus for a day. Colleges need to get out in front of this social justice warrior/Black Lives Matter terror movement before it gets out of hand on college campuses this year. In a welcome letter to freshmen, the College made clear that it does not condone safe spaces or trigger warnings: pic.twitter.com/9ep3n0ZbgV  The Chicago Maroon (@ChicagoMaroon) August 24, 2016Here is the video showing the shut down of the University of Chicago campus:",0
20076,“TRUMPOCRATS” Speak Out: Lifelong Democrats Dump Hillary…Abandon Party To Support Trump [VIDEO],"Unless the Democrats can figure out a way to effectively steal the vote from millions, we predict Trump will win in a landslide election. Despite what the media would like Americans to believe, Hillary will be lucky to have Chelsea vote for her in November NEW YORK CITY, New York   Meet the  Trumpocrats,  or so the sizable collection of lifelong Democrats breaking with their party because of their disgust with nominee for president Hillary Rodham Clinton and supporting instead Republican nominee Donald J. Trump call themselves.Christian Rickers, the Virginia-based executive director of the Trumpocrats PAC a Super PAC designed to help his like-minded lifelong Democrats abandon the sinking Democratic ship due to Hillary Clinton s nomination and join the Trump movement walked Breitbart News through why he is leading the effort among Democrats who support Trump for president.Rickers  argument centers on trade policy, and Trump s ardent opposition to the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) that Clinton supported publicly more than 40 times but now claims she opposes. He points back to Bill Clinton s backing of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) from his time as president, and Rickers says Democrats everywhere should be terrified of how much further Hillary Clinton would go if she s elected president.Rickers said in a phone interview:Rickers said in a phone interview:I m a lifelong Democrat, really since I was a little kid, and I still am a Democrat. But the Clintons for instance, where I am from, my hometown, when I was a kid we had 15 manufacturing plants and we now have one. Nobody does anything there anymore, and that s the same thing happening in a lot of small towns across the country really. The Clintons are really the cause of this, the cause of manufacturing going overseas with NAFTA and the trade deals and all of that. Donald Trump, he says a lot of crazy sh*t, but the one thing that he does say, that he really does want to do something about that and that he wants to protect our people with better trade policies and new trade policies.On the Trumpocrats PAC website is a video of David  Muscat  Saunders, another lifelong Democrat, talking with Fox News.  Breitbart",0
20077,WATCH: HARRY REID Caught Calling Benghazi Mother “Crazy”,"Harry Reid s disrespectful comments are just another example of a leftist Democrat who puts politics before honor every time.Sen. Harry Reid is fighting back against claims that Hillary Clinton was responsible for the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi, Libya by calling the most outspoken parent  crazy. While speaking to reporters, Reid slammed Patricia Smith, the mother of Sean Smith, who died in the 2012 terrorist attack. At the national convention, they had that poor Smith woman some out and say,  Hillary Clinton killed my son,  Reid told reporters (wearing sunglasses inside). How crazy, he said.The Senate Minority Leader was referring to Smith s speech to the Republican National Committee in July.   American MirrorHere s Hillary lying about a video being reason for the attack on the unsecured Benghazi compound, even though she ALWAYS KNEW (see email above) that it had NOTHING to do with the attack:Here s the speech Sean Smith s mother, Pat Smith gave at the RNC Convention. Who s the crazy one Harry? ",0
20078,WHY Did Hillary Use FAKE NAME “Diane Reynolds” For Chelsea In Newly Released Emails That PROVE She Lied About Benghazi? [VIDEO],"What a role model for mothers in America or at least for the ones who have FAKE NAMES for their daughters when they use private servers to cover up their corrupt behavior Wikileaks found 67 emails between Hillary Clinton and daughter Chelsea under her fake name,  Diane Reynolds .In one email Hillary tells Chelsea (Diane) she is sitting in a meeting on Libya waiting for  the other shoe to drop. Don t all parents write to their children at a fake email account during foreign policy meetings?In another email Hillary wrote Chelsea during the Benghazi attacks telling her Americans were killed by an al-Qaeda like group.Hillary later lied and blamed the attack on a YouTube video.  GPHere s Hillary lying about a video being reason for the attack on the unsecured Benghazi compound, even though she ALWAYS KNEW (see email above) that it had NOTHING to do with the attack:Here s Hillary s Benghazi victim, Sean Smith s mom, Pat Smith telling how Hillary lied to the parents about the cause of the attack being a video:Here s Hillary saying Pat Smith is a liar during one of the Democrat debates:Via: Gateway Pundit",0
20079,TAXPAYER FUNDED COLLEGE Gives Lessons On “How To Stop White People”,"When the majority of students, regardless of color, accept this twisted premise, Obama has won his war on America and has successfully divided us by race The State University of New York at Binghamton (SUNY-Binghamton) is offering a training class titled  StopWhitePeople2k16,  to instruct residential assistants (RAs) on how to deal with  uneducated  people who don t believe in ideas like white privilege.The class is just one of several available to RAs at the school, and was discovered by the Binghamton Review, a student newspaper. Residential assistants are students who agree to assist with overseeing and monitoring residential life in return for receiving a free room from the school. Apparently, though, Binghamton RAs also have the responsibility of  stopping  white people. The premise of this session is to help others take the next step in understanding diversity, privilege, and the society we function within,  the class description says.  Learning about these topics is a good first step, but when encountered with  good  arguments from uneducated people, how do you respond? This open discussion will give attendees the tools to do so, and hopefully expand upon what they may already know.  (RELATED: Public College Students Warned To  Check Your Privilege )Read more: Daily Caller",0
20080,COMRADES IN LIBERAL MI College Town Filled With Medical Marijuana Stores IGNORE State Law To Punish LEGAL Tobacco Users [VIDEO],"University of Michigan is located in Ann Arbor, MI, and is home to over 43,000 students. Students at U of M and residents of Ann Arbor can purchase legal marijuana on just about every corner. But purchasing legal cigarettes just became a problem for anyone under the age of 21, despite a state law that allows anyone 18 years of age or older to purchase legal tobacco products in the state of Michigan. Why, and how can a city council make these kinds of emotional decisions that supersede state law? Because liberals always know what s best for you There is no room for discussion. Decisions made by progressive government officials don t have to be based on logic, or in this case, on state law; they just have to have enough emotion behind them to sway their comrades on the city council. This story is a perfect example of why Americans need to know who is running for city council in their hometowns and major cities when election time comes around The Ann Arbor City Council last week voted for an ordinance that will ban the sale of tobacco products to people under 21, making it the first city in Michigan to raise the legal purchasing age from 18.Kai Petainen, an Ann Arbor resident who attended the city council meeting, said he recently went to a funeral of a 23-year-old who died from a drug overdose. That friend used tobacco as a gateway drug, he said. It s a funeral of a person who died at only 23 and it was from an overdose. That person began using tobacco at a young age, and eventually they were using other drugs as well,  he said.  Tobacco use can lead to other drugs and it can and does destroy lives. Tobacco shops in Ann Arbor have said the ordinance will drive customers out of the city.The Council voted 9-2 on Aug. 4 for an ordinance sponsored by Council Member Julie Grand, a Democrat representing the city s 3rd Ward.Ann Arbor officials were explicit about their lack of concern with whether the ordinance conflicts with state law, and that they hope the rest of the state follows the city s lead. The tobacco lobby has inflicted enough misery on this country and I m happy to do anything we can to play a leadership role on this effort in Michigan,  Kirk Westphal, a Democratic council member from the 2nd Ward said, according to The Ann Arbor News. It s particularly important to me,  said Council Member Chip Smith, a Democrat from the 5th Ward.  But really what compels me to support this is the fact that Ann Arbor is a leader in things, and this is exactly the type of thing we should be leading on, and I m very happy to support this. In addition to the apparent conflict with a state law preempting local regulations, critics of the ordinance are concerned that its effect would be to send people under 21 to neighboring cities like Ypsilanti or Canton to buy tobacco products.Jack Eaton, a Democrat from the 4th Ward, and Jane Lumm, an independent from the 2nd Ward, voted against the ordinance. According to The Ann Arbor News, they cited Michigan s Tobacco Products Tax Act of 1993 as the cause for their concern.The act says municipalities  shall not impose any new requirement or prohibition pertaining to the sale or licensure of tobacco products for distribution purposes.    MICapConThis new ordinance that will prohibit the sale of tobacco to anyone under the age of 21 years, goes hand-in-hand with the University of Michigan s NO SMOKING ANYWHERE ON CAMPUS law that went into effect on July 1, 2011.Watch the idiocy of this intrusive campus law explained here:Meanwhile, Michigan State University just made it ILLEGAL to SMOKE TOBACCO IN YOUR OWN PRIVATE VEHICLE as long as you are on campus property!Beginning on Aug. 15, a new tobacco-free policy at Michigan State University will make drivers subject to a $150 fine for choosing to smoke or chew tobacco while traveling on public roads that cross the school s East Lansing campus.The ordinance was passed by the board of trustees on June 17, 2015. Its effective date was set for more than a year later on Aug. 15, 2016. A new policy is an effective, cost-efficient way to protect the health of the campus community and encourage tobacco users to reduce or eliminate consumption, thus increasing life, longevity and vitality,  the MSU tobacco-free website states.  Most tobacco users want to quit, and tobacco-free environments encourage users to quit and help them maintain a tobacco and nicotine free status. Students and MSU employees could face additional sanctions. Students who continually violate the ordinance could face sanction through the student judicial system, and employees could face repercussions via Human Resources (just as students and employees could for violating any MSU ordinance),  Cody said.The ban also extends to the use of e-cigarettes and smokeless tobacco on campus, including inside a private vehicle. ",0
20081,"DON’T EXPECT GOVERNMENT Or Black Lives Matter To Help: PRIVATE CITIZENS, FREE MARKET Provide Much Needed Help For Total Strangers In LA Flood","After Obama was embarrassed by Donald Trump acting more  presidential  than he, as Trump traveled to one of the poorest states in America bringing a semi-truck filled with needs for the LA flood victims. He finally managed to find his way off the golf course on Martha s Vineyard to visit the people who couldn t have cared less if he showed or not, by the time he got there. Like Trump said, it was  too little too late for Obama s phony photo-op.Of course, only Obama could turn the flood into a race issue. While refusing so far to survey the Louisiana flood disaster until days later, he did let state and local officials know that he s watching to make sure they don t engage in racial discrimination. In a 16-page guidance issued Tuesday, the Obama administration, led by the Justice Department, warned Louisiana recipients of federal disaster assistance against engaging in  unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, or national origin (including limited English proficiency). The guidance s frameworks  highlight the importance of complying with nondiscrimination requirements of civil rights statutes, addressing the needs of the whole community, and ensuring equal opportunity to access recovery efforts. Black residents should be asking where the thousands of Black Lives Matter protesters, who are so concerned about the lives of Blacks in America are when they really could ve used their help? George Soros, Al Sharpton and Barack are so good at organizing, why weren t they putting their heads together and coming up with a plan to help the poor black residents of LA who had lost everything they owned to the historic flooding? They can be organized in a very short time to create chaos, burn cities and loot, but where are they when they have an opportunity to do something positive for Blacks in LA? The recent flooding that hit Louisiana is the worst natural disaster to hit the United States since Hurricane Sandy hit New Jersey in 2012. So far we know that at least 13 are dead and tens of thousands were left homeless in the flooding. Even worse, most of those affected do not have flood insurance. Up to $21 billion worth of housing stock was wiped out by the deluge of rain.The recovery will be long and difficult in one of the poorest states in the country. There is the challenge of finding employment and housing for all these displaced people. Given the fact that Louisiana is a hot and humid state most of the year, there will also be the issues of dealing with mold and increased injuries as people try to rebuild.But one of the greatest stories of the Louisiana flooding is how the people and free markets are playing a role in helping to both rescue people and deliver relief much quicker than the government.Black patriot Arlene Barnum asks,  Where s the BlackLivesMatter men? Citizens to the RescueThe rains that swamped parts of Louisiana over a period of a few days were relentless. Local governments and first responders were overwhelmed with calls for help from people trapped in their homes by rising waters.#CajunNavy pic.twitter.com/hjScnNu7Gy  Ben Sanders (@BenSandersLaw) August 14, 2016Instead of waiting for the government to come rescue them, the people of Louisiana used their own privately-owned boats to save their neighbors. This  Cajun Navy  drew its ranks and fleet from Louisiana s large numbers of sportsmen. People who needed rescue contacted a Facebook group and the boats used smartphone apps such as the GPS app Glympse and the walkie talkie app Zello to coordinate. The  Cajun Navy  was responsible for saving the lives of thousands of Louisianians and their pets and livestock.#CajunNavy is shown deploying in this pic by Troy @gulfsails #BatonRougeFlood pic.twitter.com/P9yI0QRQoM  walter michot (@WalterMichot) August 15, 2016#CajunNavy doing what they can to help in #BatonRouge pic.twitter.com/7nltb8Q1nU  Ashley Doan (@AshleyMDoan) August 15, 2016The people of Louisiana also distributed immediate relief to their displaced neighbors much more efficiently than the government was able to. One of the best examples of this was the conversion of a movie studio into a shelter housing over 2,000 people. The Celtic Media Centre is one of Louisiana s premier film production studios located in Baton Rouge, which was one of the cities hardest hit by the flooding. The studio s executive director, Patrick Mulhearn, saw how devastated his neighbors were by the high water and decided to open up Celtic as an emergency shelter.There were smaller examples of churches opening themselves up, without prodding by either the Red Cross or the state government, as storm shelters for those who lost everything. Such shelters are all over the parishes that were flooded, and have largely been stocked with supplies by volunteers all over the state. People are even taking donations to the parking lots of stores that were unaffected to bring food, water, and other supplies to the flood zone.People looking to donate supplies have been coordinating their relief efforts on Facebook and other social media. If people are looking to donate supplies, they can use social media to find places to drop them off. If people in other parts of the state and out of state want to donate, they re being directed on social media to places where they can help.Even while the streets of Louisiana flooded, trucks from Wal-Mart and UPS did not stop rolling. Wal-Mart, in particular, was able to use its corporate meteorologists to plan delivery routes and shift deliveries of much-needed supplies such as baby formula and water to the affected areas. UPS is able to prioritize delivery of items such as mail order prescription drugs. Companies are rushing supplies into the disaster area quicker than lethargic government agencies and the Red Cross.Motivated by HistoryIn 2005, after Hurricane Katrina, Louisianians tried waiting on the government. That help never came and over 1,500 Louisianians died in the flood waters of New Orleans, St. Bernard Parish, Plaquemines Parish, and Jefferson Parish. The people of Louisiana learned the hard way that they had to rescue themselves.The people of Louisiana were motivated by a sense of community. While the Federal government was giving anti-discrimination lectures to flood victims, the Cajun Navy was rescuing people of all races. Louisiana has come together like never before.But it wasn t just the compassion of the people of Louisiana that saved lives. Companies which were seeking profit were also responsible. Everyone from the smartphone app developers to the retailers who provided the products to sustain and save lives played a role in this. Businesses and entrepreneurs meeting the needs of customers were literally lifesavers.For entire story: Kevin Boyd",0
20082,HOLLYWOOD LIBS Raise Big Money For #CrookedHillary…Poor LA Flood Victims Ignored," The Democratic presidential nominee is in the midst of a multiday, high-dollar fundraising blitz across the country.After a weekend packed with five fundraisers in Martha s Vineyard and Cape Cod in Massachusetts (including one with an appearance by Cher), Clinton is traveling today to California, where she will attend seven fundraisers over the next three days.Pop icon and prolific tweeter Cher hosted a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton on Cape Cod Sunday that reportedly raised more than $1.5 million for the Democratic presidential nominee s campaign. Approximately 1,000 people attended the  summer celebration  event at the Pilgrim Monument & Museum in Provincetown, including the 70-year-old  Believe  singer, who did not perform, according to the Cape Cod Times.She then travels to the Hamptons in New York this weekend for even more fundraising events.The Clinton campaign s decision to prioritize private fundraisers over public campaign events appears to be twofold.Hollywood A-lister Jennifer Garner hosted a fundraiser for the Democratic nominee for president Hillary R. Clinton campaign Thursday, Aug. 18th at the home of Benjamin and Penelope Pierce from 4:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Thursday, according to the Bozeman Daily Chronicle.Jennifer Garner, the star of Dude, Where s My Car? is a active supporter of Democratic candidates. In the 2016 cycle, she donated $5,940 to Act Blue, a left-wing Political Action Committee, as well as 5,400 to the aborted congressional campaign of Democract Melissa Gilbert, who starred in the 1970s TV series Little House On The Prairie. Garner, who no longer uses the surname Affleck in legal filings since beginning the process of divorcing actor Ben Affleck, also gave $2,700 to California Democrat Kamala Harris s Senate campaign.   Breitbart",0
20083,HILLARY WORKER From California CAUGHT On Video Committing Voter Fraud In Nevada,"This video proves why every American needs to know and understand our laws as they pertain to voter fraud. The average American would see this woman registering people to vote in a parking lot with a Trump sign on her billboard and think nothing of it. Many people would be afraid to confront her. Kudos to the guy filming this incident for knowing and understanding how this woman was clearly violating voter registration laws and for videotaping it and using it as an educational tool.It would be a bonus if the woman committing voter fraud is found and punished accordingly.  Remember every vote a Democrat steals is a vote stolen from a legal registered voter. The Democrat machine will be out in full force from now until election time. Stay alert America. This is our country. Millions have fought and died for our nation and we should never allow it to be stolen by people with bad intentions. If you see something say something. Take a picture, film it, and get it out for everyone to see. The only way to stop this criminal behavior is to shine a light on it .The words written in Spanish at the bottom of her ILLEGAL anti-Trump poster is an especially nice touch.The video was first published on YouTube on August 20th and it shows the type of voter fraud that the Clinton campaign is willing to commit in order to steal the upcoming election.Recent tweets on the net have identified the Hillary fraudster as Susan Berman who is the President of Impact Research International.On the organization s site Berman is noted as having an  approachable style and warm personality .A list of her clients from the website shows the following  Susan Berman s profile underscores  honesty and integrity  in her profile at Impact Research. Sorry Susan, but that s not what this video of you holding the anti-Trump poster while registering voters in a state other than CA shows us. Here s the Nevada law that prohibits Susan Berman from doing exactly what she was doing in a parking lot in Nevada:Under Nevada Revised Statute 293.505(10), while registering a voter, a field registrar shall not:(a) Solicit a vote for or against a particular question or candidate;(b) Speak to a voter on the subject of marking his or her ballot for or against a particular question or candidate; or(c) Distribute any petition or other material concerning a candidate or question which will be on the ballot for the ensuing election.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
20084,MELANIA PUNCHES BACK…HARD…After Leftist Publication Admits They Had No Basis For Story Created To Destroy Melania…But Published It Anyway [VIDEO],"They had no basis for publishing their article and yet they published anyway. This is journalistic malpractice at its finest:From the Daily Mail: The book makes a number of unpleasant claims   such as one that a modeling agency Melania worked for in Milan before moving to New York was  something like a gentleman s club .The claims are all unsubstantiated and the Mail could find no trace of the book s author, Adam Schlecter. It is quite possibly the work of an enemy of Trump   there are many.Yet the fact a book with such a title even exists must be an acute embarrassment to the Trumps.Say what???Melania Trump has started legal action against the Daily Mail and other outlets for what she claims is a defamatory article about her past.Charles Harder, an attorney for Trump, said in an email that the legal action goes beyond just the Daily Mail and is not limited to the United Kingdom, where the Daily Mail is headquartered. Mrs. Trump has placed several news organizations on notice of her legal claims against them, including Daily Mail among others, for making false and defamatory statements about her supposedly having been an  escort  in the 1990s,  Harder said in an email.  All such statements are 100% false, highly damaging to her reputation, and personally hurtful. She understands that news media have certain leeway in a presidential campaign, but outright lying about her in this way exceeds all bounds of appropriate news reporting and human decency. The article in question was published last week by the Daily Mail and questions Trump s biography and history as as model.For entire story: Politico ",0
20085,"VANISHED: FBI FILES Related To Mysterious “Suicide” Death Of Hillary’s Trusted WH Counsel, Vince Foster DISAPPEAR From National Archives","Corruption is nothing new for Hillary and Bill. What is truly stunning is the mountain of evidence that clearly shows their criminal behavior has been going on for decades How did documents describing Hillary Clinton s role in the death of White House counsel Vince Foster vanish?Foster is believed to have shot himself with a .38 caliber revolver at Fort Marcy Park along the Potomac River on July 20, 1993From NewsMax April 4, 2001. Vince Foster s Gun  Serial Number Searched Before DeathWhen Vince Foster was found dead from an apparent gunshot wound to the head in 1993, the government was quick to write off the death as a suicide.That sat well with Bill Clinton and Vince s closest confidante, Hillary Rodham Clinton.For years, detail after detail emerged questioning the official ruling.Significant questions were raised about the unusual gun   a .38 Colt revolver made from the parts of three guns with two serial numbers   found conveniently in Vince s hand.The Park Police said one of the serial numbers indicated the gun was vintage 1913   and had no pedigree.Foster family members insisted neither Foster nor his father ever owned the old revolver.Recently, a NewsMax.com reader named Craig Brinkley contacted us.Curious about the gun, Brinkley had filed a Freedom of Information Act request with the FBI, asking details of requests on the gun s serial numbers with the NCIC   the National Crime Information Center.The NCIC keeps records of all law enforcment inquiries of serial numbers.On March 23, 2001, the FBI responded to Brinkley s request.Serial number 356555, one of the numbers on the gun, was never searched, not by the FBI, the Park Police or by that  investigation  by Ken Starr.Serial number 355055 was found on the frame of the gun. Brinkley believes that was the gun s real nnumber.That number was indeed searched by the Park Police, on the evening of Foster s death, more exactly at 22:45 EDT on July 20, 1993.Interestingly, searches were conducted on the same serial number no fewer than three times earlier that year, before Foster s death, on March 3, March 7 and April 29.Was someone checking to see that this gun had a  clean  predigree and was untraceable?We called Marilyn Walton at the FBI s Access Integrity Unit. She told us that the government does not disclose which law enforcement agencies requested a trace on the serial number. She said it could have been made by local or federal agencies who have access to the NCIC computer.She noted that serial numbers are often duplicated, and usually when a request is made, it includes additional information, such as the gun s make and model.In all four cases no such information was entered, just the number. Walton added that many guns share similar serial numbers.Is it a coincidence that in the year of Foster s death, four searches were conducted on the serial number found on the old gun   none ever before or after? Two former FBI agents involved in the investigation tell Daily Mail Online they issued reports linking Hillary s tirade to Foster s suicideIn interviewing Clinton White House aides and Foster s friends and family, the FBI found that a week before Foster s death, Hillary held a meeting at the White House with Foster and other top aides to discuss her proposed health care legislation.Hillary angrily disagreed with a legal objection Foster raised at the meeting and ridiculed him in front of his peers, former FBI agent Coy Copeland and former FBI supervisory agent Jim Clemente told me. Copeland was Starr s senior investigator and read the reports of other agents working for Starr.During the White House meeting, Hillary continued to humiliate Foster mercilessly, according to both former FBI agents, who spoke about the investigation for the first time. Hillary put him down really, really bad in a pretty good-size meeting,  Copeland says.  She told him he didn t get the picture, and he would always be a little hick town lawyer who was obviously not ready for the big time. Indeed, Hillary went so far as to blame Foster for all the Clintons  problems and to accuse him of failing them, according to Clemente, who was also assigned by the FBI to the Starr investigation and who probed the circumstances surrounding Foster s suicide. Foster was profoundly depressed, but Hillary lambasting him was the final straw because she publicly embarrassed him in front of others,  says Clemente. Hillary blamed him for failed nominations, claimed he had not vetted them properly, and said in front of his White House colleagues,  You re not protecting us  and  You have failed us,  Clemente says.  That was the final blow. After the White House meeting, Foster s behavior changed dramatically, the FBI agents found. Those who knew him said his voice sounded strained, he became withdrawn and preoccupied, and his sense of humor vanished. At times, Foster teared up. He talked of feeling trapped.On Tuesday, July 13, 1993, while having dinner with his wife Lisa, Foster broke down and began to cry. He said he was considering resigning.Archived material related to the case, housed at National Archives in College Park, Md. were examined by the author to no availAfter filing a Freedom of Information request, it was determined that the agents  reported have gone missing FBI agents  reports of interviews documenting that Hillary Clinton s stinging humiliation of her friend and mentor Vince Foster in front of White House aides triggered his suicide a week later are missing from where they should be filed at the National Archives, Daily Mail Online has learned exclusively.On two separate occasions, this author visited the National Archives and Records Service in College Park, Md., to review the reports generated by FBI agents assigned to investigate the 1993 death of Bill Clinton s deputy White House counsel.On the first visit, archivist David Paynter provided the box of records that he said contained the FBI reports of interviews conducted by FBI agents on Foster s death.On a second visit, archivist James Mathis provided what he said were those same documents.While the box contained dozens of FBI reports concerning Foster s death   including interviews with the medical examiner, U.S. Park Police officers, and White House aides about the contents of Foster s office   the reports on Hillary Clinton s role in his death were absent.After filing a Freedom of Information request with the National Archives, Martha Murphy, the archives  public liaison, reported that she directed a senior archivist to conduct a more thorough review of the relevant FBI files, including those that had not been previously made public in response to FOIA requests. He examined all eight boxes but found no interviews by any investigator that detail either a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster or the effects of a meeting between Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster on Vince Foster s state of mind,  Murphy reported in an email. We did not limit ourselves to interviews by the two individuals [FBI agents] you mention. While Murphy said the archives searched for  the records that would be responsive to your request  and concluded that they could not be found, when asked for comment, John Valceanu, the archives  director of communications and marketing, said,  We do not agree with your conclusion that the records you requested are missing from the National Archives simply because we were unable to locate any responsive records in response to your request. While confirming that the records could not be located, Valceanu held out the possibility that the FBI interviews were not filed where they should have been and were somewhere else in the more than 3,000 boxes of records amounting to 7.5 million pages generated by the Starr investigation.This is not the first time documents related to the Clintons have apparently vanished from the National Archive.In March 2009, the archives found that an external hard drive from the Bill Clinton White House containing confidential documents was missing.When it could not be located, the inspector general s office announced that it had opened a criminal investigation.Offering a reward of up to $50,000 for information leading to recovery of the hard drive, the archives asked that tips be reported to the Secret Service. At the time, the archives said it had a backup drive.Via: Daily Mail ",0
20086,EXTORTION? HOW IRAN Used Nuke Deal To Force Obama To Retreat From Embarrassing “Red Line” Threat To Syria,"If I were a European and was forced to deal with the massive influx of Muslim refugees from Syria, I d be pointing the finger at President Obama, who clearly can t himself when it comes to caving to Iran.Foreign Affairs journalist for the Wall Street journal, Jay Solomon told MSNBC s Andrea Mitchell that Iran actually threatened to end nuke talks if Obama enforced his  red line  threat with Iran:.@WSJSolomon: Iran threatened to end nuclear talks if @POTUS enforced red line against Assad after chemical attack: pic.twitter.com/czFeFA2K10  Kenan Rahmani   (@KenanRahmani) August 22, 2016",0
20087,WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL RELEASE: #Unfit Hillary’s Advisors Contacted NFL Commissioner For Advice On “Cracked Head” [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton adviser Philippe Reines at the State Department contacted the NFL Commissioner in 2012 to inquire about severe head injuries.Hillary Clinton thanked Reines and added,  Having a cracked head is no fun at all. The email was sent on December 24, 2012.  GPAfter being gone for a month due to illness, Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton returned to work on January 7 to cheers and gifts.Clinton who first went on leave for a stomach virus, was delayed on her return when she fell resulting in a concussion, before being hospitalized for a blood clot according the Associated Press via The Christian Science Monitor.Watch the State Department cover for #Unfit Hillary here. It s all fun and games until a crooked candidate with poor health runs for the highest office in our nation. ",0
20088,HERE’S WHY OLE MISS Won’t Be Playing “DIXIE” Before Football Games This Year…There Goes Another SOUTHERN Tradition…,"INCLUSIVENESS! That is the reason given in the statement by he Ole Miss Athletic Department another SOUTHERN TRADITION bites the dust! At what point do SOUTHERNERS say,  ENOUGH!  The traditions of the Southern colleges like Ole Miss are being stopped for fear of hurting people s feelings for not being included? THIS IS THE SOUTH and THIS is the reason so many people from everywhere choose to go to one of the Southern Colleges! These colleges are FULL of tradition. Would we go to any other part of America and demand that they stop a tradition like singing  Dixie ? This is ridiculous! SO WHY ARE THEY STILL CALLED THE  REBELS ? Ole Miss  band will no longer play  Dixie  before football games.Ole Miss Athletics Department issued a statement saying it was time for the university to create new traditions.Dixie a song that was the unofficial anthem of the Confederate States of America during the Civil War has been a staple of Pride of the South s lineup for nearly seven decades. Recently the band stopped playing the song during games, but had continued to perform it in The Grove on game days.The athletic department released the following statement about the change: The newly expanded and renovated Vaught-Hemingway Stadium will further highlight our best traditions and create new ones that give the Ole Miss Rebels the best home field advantage in college football. Because the Pride of the South is such a large part of our overall experience and tradition, the Athletics Department asked them to create a new and modern pregame show that does not include Dixie and is more inclusive for all fans. ",0
20089,HILLARY CHEERLEADER Publication Warns Republicans: DUMP JESUS…Or Become Irrelevant,"God family, guns and country these are some of the most important things to the majority of Republicans, yet means very little to leftist Democrats.  Without God, we become the communist nation the Democrat party has been pushing us towards for decades God doesn t just go away because the Left wants Him to. Unfortunately, this is what happens when a political party who elects godless presidential candidates like Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton who sincerely believe that Government can replace God in the lives of American citizens.Salon Magazine has accused the Republican Party of being out of touch with  post-Christian America,  warning the GOP that if it doesn t renege on its alliance with Christianity, it will soon become irrelevant.Ted Cruz s failure to get the GOP nomination, Matthew Sheffield proclaims in Salon,  is a perfect window into trends that will set the pace of American politics for decades to come: Americans are moving away from Christianity, including people most likely to vote Republican. To back up his claims, Sheffield cites the 2014 Pew Research study finding that 23 percent of Americans say they re  unaffiliated  with any religious tradition, up from 20 percent just three years earlier.The trend away from religion, and Christianity in particular, Sheffield argues, is the real cause of Republicans  woes and their failure to win the last two elections. The likely reason why Republicans have declined in popularity among the non-religious is GOP s long habit of identifying itself as a Christian party,  he states.  The later attempt to add in a  Judeo-  prefix has done little to stop the bleeding. While the statistics showing a rise in the religiously unaffiliated are undoubtedly sobering to people of faith, Sheffield fails to mention that the very same Pew study showed that over 70 percent of Americans continue to identify as Christian. That means that to an overwhelming majority of Americans, God matters.  Breitbart",0
20090,COLIN POWELL SAYS HILLARY LYING About Private Email Server Conversation: “has no recollection of the dinner conversation” [VIDEO],"For anyone who s paying attention, Hillary just got caught in ANOTHER big lie Former Secretary of State Colin Powell  has no recollection of the dinner conversation  recounted by Hillary Clinton to FBI agents, as documented by journalist Joe Conason in a forthcoming book.Conason s anecdote, reported Thursday night by The New York Times, recounts a small dinner party at Clinton s Georgetown home toward the beginning of her time as secretary of state, with former secretaries Madeleine Albright, Henry Kissinger and Condoleezza Rice also in attendance. During that dinner, Conason reports, Albright asked the former secretaries to impart advice to Clinton. Powell told her to use her own email, as he had done, except for classified communications, which he had sent and received via a State Department computer,  Conason wrote in his book  Man of the World: The Further Endeavors of Bill Clinton,  of which the Times said it acquired an advance copy. Powell, according to Conason s account, told Clinton that  his use of personal email had been transformative for the department  and  thus confirmed a decision [Clinton] had made months earlier   to keep her personal account and use it for most messages. A spokeswoman for Powell s office issued a statement following the Times  story:  General Powell has no recollection of the dinner conversation. He did write former Secretary Clinton an email memo describing his use of his personal AOL email account for unclassified messages and how it vastly improved communications within the State Department. At the time there was no equivalent system within the Department. He used a secure State computer on his desk to manage classified information,  the statement continued.  The General no longer has the email he sent to former Secretary Clinton. It may exist in State or FBI files. Watch here:Powell s pushback comes amid an ongoing legal dispute between Clinton s lawyers and Judicial Watch over whether the conservative legal watchdog group can depose the former secretary of state as part of its lawsuit over State Department records.Read more: Politico",0
20091,"SECRET SERVICE AGENT Says Hillary Has Parkinson’s Disease…Has Trouble Walking…Flashing Lights, Strobes Cause Seizures [VIDEO]","Hillary had several chances over the years to treat her Secret Service detail with kindness and respect. She chose instead, to berate them and treat them like second class citizens. Her arrogance and mistreatment of those who have been hired to protect her life is now coming back to bite her Good morning, ma am,  a member of the uniformed Secret Service once greeted Hillary Clinton. F  off,  she replied.That exchange is one among many that active and retired Secret Service agents shared with Ronald Kessler, author of  First Family Detail,  a compelling look at the intrepid personnel who shield America s presidents and their families   and those whom they guard. When in public, Hillary smiles and acts graciously,  Kessler explains.  As soon as the cameras are gone, her angry personality, nastiness, and imperiousness become evident.  He adds:  Hillary Clinton can make Richard Nixon look like Mahatma Gandhi. Hillary s horrible treatment of her Secret Service detail is now coming back to bite her, as agents are eager to tell the truth about her poor health and how they ve been working to keep it a secret for quite some time.It turns out that the Secret Service is the source of leaks on Hillary s rapidly deteriorating health.According to InfoWars reporter Joe Biggs, during the Republican National Convention last June, two Secret Service agents approached InfoWars and asked to speak to them. Biggs describes what happened, beginning at around the 5:30 mark of the video below: The Secret Service contacted me. They said that Hillary Clinton has Parkinson s disease. They [Hillary s people] spent over a quarter million dollars on these stairs to allow her to step down from the vehicle to the ground because she has trouble walking. They [Secret Service] said that any kind of flashes or strobes will set her off into a seizure, and that s why they wanted to come us.Watch here:They wanted to contact us and give us information because they knew we [InforWars] would be able to get this out. [Unlike the MSM,] we wouldn t be scared to do it. And you know it really makes a lot of sense when you watch all these videos. The fact that she s refusing to do these news conferences. Hillary had not done a press conference for 8  months. Her last press conference was on December 4, 2015. (Washington Post)Watch Hillary here as Clinton embraces the owner of Joe Biden s childhood home on her recent trip to Scranton, PA with one arm, while holding onto the railing on the front walk. Moments later, she pivoted   and grabbed the railing with the other hand.Then she pivoted back, only to reach for the railing again with the other hand.Inside the house, she held onto a chair and moved to lean on the kitchen table. Click HERE for entire story.At this point, Alex Jones makes the observation that Hillary s campaign rallies seem to have fewer flashes and strobe lights than Trump s rallies. So Biggs proposes that InfoWars brings cameras with flashes and strobe lights to one of Hillary s rallies and see if they re stopped at the gate and barred from bringing the equipment inside.   DC Clothesline ",0
20092,"NOT KIDDING: Obama’s Weak Immigrant Vetting Process Doesn’t Even Include Asking If They Belong To ISIS, Al Qaeda Or Muslim Brotherhood","This new information just adds more validity Trump s argument, that the US needs to take a more serious look at the way we vet immigrants if we want to protect our national security While State Department and the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service branch of the Department of Homeland Security do ask if immigrants have been involved in terrorism, the most well known of over a dozen terrorist groups aren t listed in applications, according to the analysis from homeland security expert Mark A. Sauter.The form asks if the applicant has ever belonged to a terrorist group, but neglects to ask if they currently belong to one. How hard would that be to update? He said that federal officials told him that the questions about terror group involvement are required by federal law, meaning that congressional action is needed to include modern-day threats in the written questions.However, detailed written questions are asked about Nazi cooperation, as are questions about whether applicants are drunks, polygamists, or Communists. One survey does single out Colombian terror organizations in the written questions, though they have never attacked inside the U.S. The lack of specific questioning about the biggest threat to the United States as the country eyes thousands in line from Syria, Afghanistan, Iran and elsewhere seeking residency raises new questions about how immigrants are vetted, and gives ammunition to Republicans like presidential candidate Donald Trump who has called for  extreme vetting  to weed out likely terrorists.  The Examiner ",0
20093,VIRAL VIDEO: MAN CALLS OUT BLACK LIVES MATTER For Not Helping Louisiana Flood Victims,Jerry L Washington asked the obvious question:  Where s the Black Panthers and Black Lives Matter Organizations at now??? I haven t seen not 1  Also please leave a donation so we can help as many families as we can who has lost everything. gofundme.com/2khyfguc ,0
20094,"WOW! This Video Might Explain Why #UnfitHillary Is Taking Weekends Off From Campaigning…Caught Grasping For Railings, Table, Chairs, ANYTHING To Hold Herself Up","Notice at the beginning of the video where Joe Biden hops out of his vehicle and briskly makes his way up the stairs for a photo op in front of his childhood home. The cameras catch his every move. But where is Hillary?  It s pretty clear that this photo-op for Hillary was all orchestrated by Hillary and the press. The cameras were focused solely on Biden while Hillary limps up the stairs (the camera s catch her walking towards Biden, but only very briefly, as she appears to have some sort of physical disability that s preventing her from walking without assistance).  Does anyone else think Joe Biden might be having some serious regrets about not running for President? It s somewhat ironic that Joe was likely pushed out of the way by the corrupt Clinton machine, only to have to cover for #unfit Crooked Hillary virtually months before the general election in his childhood home. Standing outside the home, Clinton embraced the owner with one arm while holding onto the railing on the front walk. Moments later, she pivoted   and grabbed the railing with the other hand.Then she pivoted back, only to reach for the railing again with the other hand.Inside the house, she held onto a chair and moved to lean on the kitchen table.Earlier in the day, she was caught on camera stumbling while trying to make her way from the podium during a rally with Biden.Here s Joe Biden covering for #UnfitHillary again during her rally, as he was forced to catch her, as she was falling as she stepped down from the podium:  American Mirror",0
20095,VIOLENT DEMOCRATS Punch And Harass TRUMP Supporters…Burn Flags At Fundraiser [Video],"The left showed its true colors last night with serious violence and anti-American flag burning. Donald Trump held a fundraiser at the Minneapolis Convention Center that began and ended with violence and destruction. These people must not understand that punching people and burning American flags wins you ZERO support.It s one thing to be on opposite sides of an issue and opposite parties but THIS is shameful and hateful behavior by Hillary s henchmen.Protesters blocked the entrance hoping Trump couldn t get in: Then DURING THE TRUMP FUNDRAISER in Minneapolis, the crowd of Hillary supporters were banging on doors and windows as the crowd inside the convention center held their event but then the Trump supporters had to walk through a gauntlet to leave. You will be shocked to see the terrified Trump supporters being hit and yelled at:Some protesters got aggressive at the end of the night as Trump supporters left Minneapolis fundraiser. @StarTribune pic.twitter.com/gNcZGYhqBm  Renee JonesSchneider (@reneejon) August 20, 2016TRUMP SUPPORTERS WERE PUNCHED, VERBALLY ABUSED AND HAD GARBAGE THROWN AT THEM:Trump supporters run gauntlet to get into Minneapolis Convention Center pic.twitter.com/Ax8lfdqIUR  Jaime DeLage (@JaimeDeLage) August 20, 2016HILLARY SUPPORTERS BURNING THE AMERICAN FLAG:Flag burning outside the Minneapolis Convention Center as #DonaldTrump supporters leave event. pic.twitter.com/ZU7XSuTALL  Jaime DeLage (@JaimeDeLage) August 20, 2016PROTESTERS JUMPED ON THE HOOD OF A CAR IN TRUMP S MOTORCADE:Protesters, earlier tonight, trying to stop #Trump s motorcade after his fundraiser in the convention center pic.twitter.com/UUguW2viZ1  Emma Sapong (@EmmaSapong) August 20, 2016",0
20096,South Africa’s “FEMALE” Olympian Favored To Win Gold In Women’s 800 Meter Race Tonight THREATENS Other Athletes On Social Media…Should “She” Even Be Competing With Women? [VIDEO],"Should there be a medical test to prove the sex of an olympic athlete, or should the athlete be able to decide where they are more comfortable competing? South Africa s  female  athlete, Caster Semenya will compete against the world s top female athletes as the overwhelming favorite for the gold tonight at 8 pm.Semenya is apparently under armed guard protection after sending out this taunting threat to anyone who questions his/her gender:  You try to give me stress ..I give you heart attack..   ITS A WARNING.. TRY ME.. pic.twitter.com/i5hQsyboBL  Caster Semenya (@caster800m) August 13, 2016UPDATE  International reports suggest that security has been beefed up for the athlete ahead of her race. Several news outlets are reporting that Olympic officials are concerned about Semenya s welfare and are fearful of unrest from the fans of rival runners spilling over into physical violence.The reports state that journalists have been barred from approaching the athlete and she won t be allowed to conduct any media interviews. She will also be accompanied by Rio Olympics security staff at all times.The International Olympic Committee and Rio organisers have apparently refused to talk about the runner.Last night, the Department of Sport and Recreation would not be drawn into speculation that Semenya had been put under armed guard.There is, in reality, only a silver medal up for grabs in the women s 800m on Saturday.It is likely that on the night of Saturday, Aug. 20, in the Olympic Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, a 25-year-old South African woman named Caster Semenya will win a gold medal. Her victory will come in the 800 meters, a race in which her times have been approaching a decades-old world record thought by many in the sport to be unapproachable. Her performance will be stunning: She is 5 10  and weighs 161 pounds, with muscular arms, broad shoulders and narrow hips. She has a severe jawline, hard and strong, and a competitor s unflinching eyes. In a 2009 article, Ariel Levy of The New Yorker described Semenya as  breathtakingly butch. This is not Semenya s first appearance on the global stage; she has been a world-class runner for eight years and won a silver medal in the 800 in London. But now she is dominant, and the alleged but unverified source of that dominance has made her one of the most significant and potentially transformative athletes in Olympic history. Her races in Rio will trigger an emotional debate on gender and sports, one that is far more challenging than the comparatively simple issue of doping. She looks the way she looks, and then she runs away from the field,  says Joanna Harper, a medical physicist in Portland and the first transgender woman to consult with the International Olympic Committee on gender and sports.  And then, yeah, all hell breaks loose.   SISemenya has the condition hyperandrogenism, which naturally increases levels of testosterone. It is argued by some this gives her an unfair advantage over her rivals, who have lower levels and therefore have less musculature and strength.An IAAF ruling that capped tester one levels for female athletes   and saw Semenya s performances dip   was overruled by CAS last year and her times have returned to unbeatable.The issue is hotly debated, with some saying Semenya s right to compete is paramount and others saying her competitors  right to a fair playing field is equally as important.Semenya is focused purely on running, and everyone else is focused on whether she will break the world record of 1:53.28 in the final.  Daily TelegraphWatch Caster Semenya speak to a reporter here:In the 2009, tests conducted during the world athletics championships, where Semenya s gender became the subject of heated debate following her victory in the 800m, revealed evidence she is a hermaphrodite, someone with both male and female sexual characteristics.Semenya, 18, has three times the amount of testosterone that a  normal  female would have. According to a source closely involved with the Semenya examinations IAAF testing, which included various scans, has revealed she has internal testes   the male sexual organs which produce testosterone.Only the certainty of an even more savage backlash from South Africa has made the IAAF hesitant about slapping a ban on Semenya and revoking her gold medal.South Africa embraced Semenya after the storm of controversy from Berlin, declaring her  our girl . From the day news broke on August 19 that the IAAF had initiated gender verification tests on Semenya, various factions within South African society and politics have attacked the Monte Carlo based IAAF.The African National Congress MP and National Assembly sports committee chairman Butana Komphela has already lodged a complaint with the United Nations High Commission on Human Rights, accusing the IAAF of racism and sexism. There s all sorts of scans you do. This is why it s complicated. In the past you used to do a gynaecological exam, blood test, chromosome test, whatever. That s why they (the findings) were challenged, because it s not quite so simple. So what they do now is they do everything, and then they can say look, not only has she got this, she s got that and the other. The problem for us is to avoid it being an issue now which is very personal: of the organs being a hermaphrodite, of not being a  real  woman. It s very dramatic.   Daily Telegraph ",0
20097,REFUGEE STUDENTS SUE PA School District Because School Isn’t Good Enough For Them,"Gee I sure hope their FREE housing, FREE education, FREE food, FREE health care and FREE monthly spending stipend is  good enough  for them A group of refugees is suing a Central Pennsylvania school district, saying the academy they were put in after their arduous journey to America is not up to snuff.Represented by the Pennsylvania branch of the American Civil Liberties Union, the six refugees sued Lancaster schools in federal court, saying they were dumped in a disciplinary school and are being denied access to a quality education. The students range in age from 17 to 21, and hail from Somalia, Sudan, Democratic Republic of Congo and Burma. [The] Plaintiffs are refugees who have fled war, violence, and persecution from their native countries,  reads a statement from the lawsuit.  Having finally escaped their turbulent environment to resettle in America, these young immigrants yearn to learn English and get an education so they can make a life for themselves. The refugees hoped to enter McCaskey High School, known for its superior academic program, but instead were sent to Phoenix Academy, an alternative high school for  underachieving  students in the district. Phoenix students are subject to pat-downs, banned from bringing personal belongings like watches and jewelry and forced to wear colored shirts that  correspond with behavior. U.S. News and World Report s 2016 rankings show Phoenix Academy has a graduation rate of 54 percent, and its 458 students perform substantially below the state average on standardized tests. More than 90 percent of the students come from poor families, and there are just 11 full-time teachers at the school, according to the magazine. Our clients have already experienced much trauma and loss before arriving in this country,  Reggie Shuford, executive director of the ACLU of Pennsylvania, said in a statement.  Rather than helping them make the difficult adjustment by providing educational resources required by law, the school district has denied them an education completely or forced them into an alternative school, where they are often bullied and don t learn. Officials for the school district say the six students were sent to Phoenix for a special program geared towards their needs. [The District] believes the lawsuit is without merit,  Superintendent Damaris Rau said in a statement.  We are confident we are doing an excellent job supporting our refugee students who often come to school with little or no education. A special  acceleration program  at Phoenix was created for under-credited students, both refugee and non-refugee, which gives them the opportunity to earn credits toward a high school diploma by the age of 21, Rau said.At Phoenix, the students receive various services including remedial services, English classes for Second Language Learners, after school programs, job and computer skills as well as mentoring services, Rau added.Earlier this week, some of the students testified about their educational experience in an Eastern District of Pennsylvania courtroom.Khadidja Issa, who arrived in America from Chad with her family by way of their home country Sudan, said on Tuesday school officials told her she  was too old for school  and should get a job instead. I responded that I didn t want a job without an education,  she said.Issa, who lived in a refugee camp from the age of 5 to 17, also said that she found the search procedure invasive while attending the school. I have been to school before and I ve never seen a place where they pat you down in order to enter school, and they do it every day,  she said. FOX News",0
20098,NFL STAR Delivers TOUGH Message About “Exterminating Blacks” For Any Voter Who Supports Hillary [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton is a Planned Parenthood s champion. She was greeted like a rock star at the Planned Parenthood Action Fund event in June, 2016. She mocked Donald Trump s defense of life, while highlighting her undying support for destroying the life of the most vulnerable. She s been bending over backwards to pander to Blacks for their votes, while trying desperately to gain the confidence of the Black Lives Matter movement. But isn t Hillary s concern for Black lives just another one of her lies? She is the darling of Planned Parenthood after all, and their stated goal has always been to kill off the Black population? Finally, a prominent Black professional athlete is speaking out and telling the truth about the true intentions of this killing machine for profit.Christian NFL player Ben Watson does not hesitate to call out Planned Parenthood s targeting of minority women and their babies for abortions.In a recent interview with Turning Point Pregnancy Resource Center in San Diego, the Baltimore Ravens player talked about the racial divide in America and how it factors into the abortion issue.  abortion saddens me period, but it seems to be something that is really pushed on minorities and provided to minorities especially as something that they should do,  Watson said.He pointed to Planned Parenthood s founder Margaret Sanger and her eugenic push to exterminate people she deemed  unfit.  Today,  it s working,  Watson said. We sit here and talk about advancing the black agenda, whatever that means, we talk about our interests, and what s important to us   like having political power and advancement and all those things   and then we are turning around and we are killing our children,  Watson continued.  And we are buying the lie that it s our personal decision to make. Here s Hillary Clinton slamming Donald Trump over his defense of life and her willingness to destroy it at a Planned Parenthood event:The NFL star said he is sympathetic to the women who are struggling with an unplanned pregnancy. But Watson, a husband and father of five children, said many men are not stepping up to help their children and the women in their lives like they should. He urged men to take responsibility for their actions. He need to be there to support her through the physical changes of the pregnancy, and help and provide emotional strength, and do it together,  Watson continued.  As much as he has a role in making the baby in the first place, it needs to take both of them the whole way through. Sometimes, Watson said he does have the opportunity to talk with other NFL players about abortion and his pro-life convictions. Just like in almost any career setting, Watson said they talk about many different things, including politics and religion. You ve got guys that consider themselves Conservative and pro-life, and you ve got guys that consider themselves Liberal and pro-choice, and it kind of goes back and forth,  he said.  What I love is that in most of the situations I have been in, not all of them, but most, even if we sometimes talk abrasively to each other, we still have love for each other. Last year, after the Center for Medical Progress began releasing its undercover Planned Parenthood videos, Watson wasn t shy about speaking up for unborn babies either.He posted on his Facebook wall:As horrific as it is, the issue isn t really the sale of human parts. It s the legal practice that allows this to even be a possibility. Killing children and simply discarding the leftovers is not any more acceptable than profiting off of them. #PlannedParenthood  Asked if he has faced backlash for his stance, Watson told Turning Point,  I won t say I m not afraid, and I will say that I ve received some flack for some of the things I ve said   I decided that you know, if the spirit of God has prompted me to say something, I m gonna trust in God and say it. Via: Life News",0
20099,FEDERAL JUDGE Goes On Rant About Cops Killing Blacks….Declares: “Black Lives Matter!”…Blames Deaths Of Cops On Cops,"This is a great story for anyone who doesn t understand the power one liberal judge can wield from the bench. U.S. District Judge Robart, who is presiding over a 2012 consent decree requiring the city to adopt reforms to address federal allegations of police bias, rebuked the Seattle police union for holding up reforms as it bargains over a new contract, The Seattle Times reported. The court and the citizens of Seattle will not be held hostage for increased payments and benefits,  the judge said, according to the paper. To hide behind a collective-bargaining agreement is not going to work,  he said.Kevin Stuckey, who recently became president of the Seattle Police Officers  Guild, said the union is prepared to sit down with the city and reach a deal.Judge Robart, a George W. Bush appointee, said proposed police reform legislation should include putting a civilian in charge of police oversight, shutting down a police-led disciplinary board and creating a civilian position of inspector general.Judge Robart threatened to call a hearing and override the city s bargaining process with the union if he concluded the union was interfering with reform, The Times reported. The judge ended Monday s hearing by citing a statistic that claimed 41 percent of the shootings nationwide by police were of blacks.  Black lives matter,  he said, drawing an audible reaction in a courtroom, The Times reported.Judge Robart added that the recent targeted shootings of police officers across the country signaled the importance of strengthening police and community relations.Commissioner Enrique Gonzalez said he s  very encouraged that a federal judge has actually said that black lives matter, because now we know that not only is this movement happening in the streets   even a federal judge has acknowledged that people of color have been on the receiving end of police brutality and this needs to change,  The Stranger reported.  Washington Times",0
20100,HOW MALIA OBAMA’S POT SMOKING FRIEND Is Connected To Her Father…And Why This THUG With BRUTAL Criminal History Is Now In Trouble With The Law (Again),"Barack Obama is above the law his daughter is above the law their friends are above the law Chicago politics at its finest.Smoking pot and twerking at Lollapalooza are the least of Malia Obama s problems after it was just discovered who her male friend is. Her right-hand man who was seen partying by her side and taking drags off her joint isn t exactly the person you would want your daughter hanging out with, but it doesn t seem to be a problem for Barack.Radar Online, who broke the news about Malia smoking pot at Lollapalooza, has learned that the 20-year-old guy by her side in that leaked footage is rapper Taylor Bennett, who is well known by cops in Cook County, Illinois, and he is now in trouble with the law again.The victim of the brutal attack that sparked Bennett s legal issues was left with  bleeding on the brain,  when Bennett and a friend fled the scene. He turned himself in to police a month later, according to the police report obtained by Radar. He was charged with a felony and two misdemeanors and pleaded no contest in April 2016, in exchange for his probationThis thug was let off easy after committing that crime since he was given summary probation in lieu of jail time, after pleading no contest to one felony and two misdemeanors he was charged with. However, on August 4, 2016, right after partying with the president s daughter, he was found to be in  violation of supervision  and ordered back to court for probation violation, Radar reported.Bennett is the younger brother of Chance the Rapper and son of a politically connected dad who worked for both President Barack Obama and Mayor Rahm Emanuel.Chancelor Bennett (better known as  Chance The Rapper ) is seen above in the center of the photo with his brother, Taylor, and their father Ken. The Bennett brothers are making waves in hip hop music while their father is becoming a powerful force in Chicago politics. As an integrated effort, Chance and Taylor s music helps their dad s boss  Mayor Rahm Emanuel  reach young voters; in turn, Mr. Bennett s roles as First Deputy Chief of Staff and Director of Public Engagement allow him to further his sons  careers by exposing them to new cultural settings.Mr. Bennett is the highest-paid African-American in the Mayor s Office.While most fathers wouldn t want their daughters hanging around a violent thug like this, when your dad is an adamant supporter of Black Lives Matter and mom hangs out with rappers, guys like this are who they want in their family s inner circle.  MWN",0
20101,BOOM! Poll Shows Support For Trump With Blacks SURGES…DESTROYS Romney’s Numbers With LATINO Voters [VIDEO],"Pandering Hillary just took a YUGE hit!Republican Donald Trump is surging with African American voters and gaining more support from Latino voters than Mitt Romney and John McCain.The latest LA Times Daybreak poll has Hillary up by just six-tenths of a point.Trump is surging with black voters and doing better with Latino voters than Romney or McCain.In the last ten presidential election cycles the highest black vote share for a Republican was 12% for Bob Dole in 1996. Trump has 14.6% of the black vote in today s LA Times poll.Here are just a few examples of support for Trump from the Black and Hispanic community:Black Votes Matter That's why people are leaving the Democratic Plantation of chains! #SelfMade #Trump2016 Voters pic.twitter.com/lnQjlVswf9  Florida Street Team (@ChatRevolve) August 15, 2016#LatinosForTrump want #HillaryClinton in Jail where she belongs for lying to #Latinos es Mala la vieja #Trump2016   pic.twitter.com/tEWXt5mScF  Florida Street Team (@ChatRevolve) August 14, 2016#FireTrumpIn4Words Latinos Are Voting Trump #Trump2016 #MAGA #Miami #Ohio #PA #Virginia   #BlacksForTrump   pic.twitter.com/8i1Mx97LqU  Florida Street Team (@ChatRevolve) August 13, 2016If Donald Trump captured 25 percent of the African American vote he would win in a landslide.And Trump has 26.7% of the Latino vote.Mitt Romney gained 21 percent of the Latino vote in the 2012 election. Senator John McCain received 23 percent of the Latino vote in the 2008 election. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
20102,TARGET CAVES AFTER CUSTOMERS BOYCOTT Of Transgender Bathroom Policy Takes Toll Bottom Line,"Way to go! Target has suffered financially since the boycott over their  transgender bathroom policy so they re making a move now so little kids don t have to be exposed to transponders using their bathroom. Target reportedly plans to spend $20 million on adding single-stall bathrooms to all of its locations by next year, in an apparent move to placate shoppers outraged over its transgender bathroom policy. It s clear that some of our guests like and some dislike our inclusive bathroom policy,  Target Chief Financial Officer Cathy Smith told reporters in a media briefing, Fortune magazine reported Wednesday.Ms. Smith did not say whether the backlash had cost Target business, but added,  We are not satisfied with our second quarter traffic and sales performance. The single-stall bathrooms, which are already in a  vast majority  of Target locations, are expected to be fully installed by March, Fortune reported.In April, the discount retailer sparked national backlash and calls for a boycott after announcing its transgender-friendly bathroom policy, which allows transgender employees and customers to use the bathroom that  corresponds with their gender identity.  Read more: WT",0
20103,WATCH: NY FIREFIGHTERS HOLD Touching Flag Removal Ceremony After Commissioner Orders ALL U.S. Flags To Be REMOVED From Fire Trucks For INSANE Reason [VIDEO],"As progressivism gets more of a stronghold in America, patriotism is being strangled by the anti-American Left Fire commissioners in Upstate New York ordered a fire department to remove the U.S. flags that were mounted on its firetrucks because they said the display was a  liability  to the firefighters and other motorists.Fire Chief Tory Gallante with the Arlington Fire District in Poughkeepsie said the Board of Fire Commissioners told him Monday to remove the two flags, which were fastened to the engine and the ladder truck. Obviously, I was disappointed with their directive,  he told The Washington Post.Gallante said that about 50 firefighters, veterans and members of the community came out Tuesday afternoon for a small, impromptu ceremony to properly take them down.  The guys were upset about the decision and wanted to remove them with dignity and respect,  he said.Firefighters flag removal ceremony can be seen here:Video from the ceremony shows the emergency response vehicles lined up outside the Arlington Fire District headquarters, where firefighters stood at attention.Both of the flags were taken down, properly folded and then handed to Gallante.Gallante added that he was not told to remove patriotic decals on the firetrucks.Joseph Tarquinio, president of the Arlington Professional Firefighters Association, said the union approached the fire chief months ago, proposing to pay for the flags and requesting permission to mount them.Gallante agreed, but he had conditions   including that the flags must be safely and securely fixed to the firetrucks and kept clean and well-maintained.Tarquinio said the union purchased two 3-by-5-foot flags made to withstand high winds and had them properly installed by the fire station s own mechanic.Tarquinio said, in the past, the department had U.S. flags on the firetrucks and would take them down during the harsh New York winters. When the department got new equipment a few years ago, he said, the flags were not put back. So with everything going on in the country, we thought it was time,  he told The Washington Post.  It was our way to show support   not for one particular sect but for the nation as a whole. The new flags had been flying with no known issues, Tarquinio said, when three of the five fire commissioners expressed concerns about  liability,  which Tarquinio called  a gross overstatement. Officials said since the board s decision Monday night, the fire department has been flooded with phone calls and emails from veterans and others in the community who oppose the order. A  rally for the flag  has been organized for the weekend, according to the Poughkeepsie Journal.  Washington Post",0
20104,BREAKING: BRAZIL Detains Two US Olympic Swimmers In Robbery Investigation…Let Our Swimmers Go!,"This all started a few days ago when Ryan Lochte claimed he was robbed and his wallet was taken:Ryan Lochte was reportedly held up at gunpoint this weekend in Rio   apparently at a party in the city, but an IOC spokesperson says it s not true. Lochte s mom says her son called her right after the stickup and says it was  terrifying    according to a Fox Sports Australia reporter. The reporter says the thief or thieves made off with Ryan s wallet. Ryan was invited to the party by Brazilian swimmer Thiago Pereira, along with 3 of Lochte s teammates. It was discovered later that his wallet was spotted on him when he went back through the metal detector at the entrance to the Olympic Village. A Brazilian Judge wanted to detain Lochte but he had already arrived back in the US. Now they have our two swimmers for questioning LET OUR SWIMMERS GO!Team USA swimmers Jack Conger and Gunnar Bentz   who were with Ryan Lochte during the alleged robbery in Rio   got yanked off an airplane as they were trying to leave Brazil. Conger and Bentz were detained by authorities, but says it s still gathering information as to find out exactly why. Earlier on Tuesday, cops in Rio said they were suspicious of the swimmers  claim they were robbed at gunpoint early Sunday morning. The USOC says cops went to the Olympic Village to interview Lochte and teammate James Feigen, but discovered they d already left the country. Looks like they nabbed Conger and Bentz at the last possible moment.Read more: TMZ Sports",0
20105,WHY TRUMP’S NEW CEO Will Be The Left’s Worst Nightmare,"No one understands the dirty Democrat underbelly better than Stephen K. Bannon. He s been in the trenches fighting with the underdog conservative movement for years. He was a close friend of Andrew Breitbart s and he understands better than anyone what we re really up against with Hillary and how the Left will stop at nothing to win. Trump didn t need another go-along to get-along RINO as his CEO. The New York Times described Bannon today as a  Media firebrand.  He needed someone who doesn t think voter fraud is some made up right-wing conspiracy. Bannon s studied the Occupy movement, he even directed a film exposing the players, the organizers and the future of the radical leftist movement.  Donald Trump s second overhaul of his presidential campaign staff in as many months is an effort to remake his organization more in his own image, after trying and struggling to conform to the role of a traditional politician guided by political operatives.Some Republicans welcomed the addition of new senior staff to Mr. Trump s team, hoping it would bring a dramatic change to his faltering trajectory in opinion polls against Democrat Hillary Clinton. But some in the GOP also said they were worried that Mr. Trump couldn t recover lost ground by choosing a provocative media entrepreneur who has never run a campaign to lead his team.In keeping with his expressed desire in recent days to be himself, Mr. Trump has brought in as his campaign s CEO Stephen Bannon, the executive chairman of Breitbart News, a conservative media outlet that delights in bashing the GOP establishment, among others. I m going to do whatever it takes and do it the way I think will win,  Mr. Trump said in a Tuesday night interview with The Wall Street Journal.When the  Occupy  movement began a year ago, many initially dismissed it as a gathering of harmless college students. But the late Andrew Breitbart saw in the movement professional left-wing anarchists and radicals who sought to use the  Occupy  protests to violently overthrow the United States government, then destroy its institutions and the free market system.Breitbart s friend, Stephen K. Bannon, was one of those who had initially not taken the  Occupy  movement seriously until he saw occupiers shut down the Brooklyn Bridge. He knew then Breitbart was right, and immediately started a project with Breitbart that would turn into  Occupy Unmasked,  a movie that opened nationwide in theaters this week that systematically dismantled the notion that the Occupy movement was good-natured and peaceful.Here s a clip from Bannon s  Occupy Unmasked  movie, directed by Trump s new CEO, Stephen K. Bannon:The lessons from the movie  Occupy Unmasked  are important to keep in mind as liberal intellectuals again try to mainstream a radical and violent movement to breathe life into something that, for now, has faded. The movie documents all the violence, filth, rapes, and systemic coordination between left-wing radicals and labor unions like the SEIU that was the real story behind the  Occupy  movement.In glorifying the  Occupy  movement and looking ahead to the its future, liberals revealed that a potential second coming of  Occupy  could be even more dangerous and violent than the first.Enter Obama s Black Lives Matter terror movement which is really nothing more than a second Occupy Movement, inspired and cheered on by our very own President of the United States. Today, the Occupy Movement has a bigger umbrella. It s no longer just made up of misfits and anarchists, the movement now has shifted to appeal to the raw emotions of Blacks living in Democrat ruled ghettos. The Left has taken the focus off the Democratic politicians who intentionally keep these citizens dependent on the government, and made them believe that the only chance they have of escaping the poverty that traps them in violent neighborhoods, is to target the cops who bravely patrol their neighborhoods. Young white students have been inspired by radical educators to join the violent, chaotic movement as a way to cleanse them of their perceived  racist  sins. Leftist radicals like George Soros are helping to fund the movement and keep the chaos going at least through the election. Voter fraud efforts will be kicked into high gear, as the GOP elite sit back and scoff at people like Steve Bannon who know the real score, and are truly ready to take on the fight we will need to win this #WAR (Breitbart s rally cry for conservatives to join the fight against the Left and take back our country) against Hillary s radical machine.Stephen K. Bannon is exactly who this nation needs at this exact time in our history, and we believe Trump couldn t have chosen a better General in this #War against the radical Left.Mr. Bannon will take a leave of absence from Breitbart News, which has adopted an antiestablishment stance on the conservative right and has cheered Mr. Trump s call for more restrictive immigration policies and his rebukes of GOP leaders such as House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin. We don t really believe there is a functional conservative party in this country, and we certainly don t think the Republican Party is that,  Mr. Bannon said at a National Press Club conference in 2013.For his part, the former Goldman Sachs investment banker, naval officer and documentary filmmaker recently wrote and produced the movie  Clinton Cash,  based on a book about the Clinton family s personal wealth. ",0
20106,LOL! JOE BIDEN FLIES TO SERBIA…Is Greeted With MASSIVE Rally For Trump [VIDEO],"Hillary can t even find this many supporters to attend her rallies in the US! Biden shouldn t have expected anything less from a majority Christian nation overrun by mostly Muslim  refugees The welcoming committee in Belgrade, Serbia for Joe Biden's visit earlier today pic.twitter.com/8ujDwTdyeK  Ian56 (@Ian56789) August 16, 2016Biden gets massively trolled on his visit to #Serbia (part 2). #Trump #Trump2016 pic.twitter.com/5150fU0nNX  Nina Byzantina (@NinaByzantina) August 17, 2016h/t Gateway Pundit",0
20107,"KREEPY KAINE Says Voting For Hillary Will Help To Put American Women More On Par With Women In Iraq, Afghanistan And Rwanda","How very progressive While Hillary insults women who are victims of sexual abuse, her creepy VP uses women who are forced to live like they re still in the dark ages, as progressive role models for American women Vice presidential candidate Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., said Tuesday that the United States has made it difficult for women to be elected to higher office, and argued that America ranks behind Iraq, Afghanistan and Rwanda in this area. It took 144 years before women even got the right to vote in this country,  Kaine said at a campaign rally in Fayetteville, N.C.  What were we thinking when we said equality mattered, but no. One hundred and forty four years. It took us that long to say in 1920, to say women get a right to vote. And now we re 96 years later and we have just nominated a woman. We know we haven t had a woman president. But in Congress right now, we re doing the best job we have ever done in women in the federal legislature: 19 percent. That s the best job we ve ever done,  he said.The Virginia senator claimed smaller, less wealthy countries actually put the United States to shame when it comes to electing women to higher office. Hold on for this, folks. Nineteen percent ranks the United States 75th in the world, below the global average,  he said. Iraq is 26 percent. Afghanistan is 28 percent. Number one [is] Rwanda. Sixty-four percent. So for reasons, some of which I understand, some of which I don t, we have made it hard. We have made it hard for women to be elected to the highest positions in our federal legislature and as president,  he added.However, with the nomination of Hillary Clinton, that s all about to change, he said. We are about to change that. And that s why I m so excited!  he said.Kaine s statistics are based on numbers compiled by the Inter-Parliamentary Union, which bases its data on information  provided by National Parliaments.    Washington Examinerh/t Weasel Zippers",0
20108,WATCH “ARCHITECT” OF OBAMACARE Lie And Spin His Way Out Of Taking Responsibility For Failure…A Real PUTZ! [Video],"Listening to Zeke Emanuel, awkward brother of Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, is always a study in the absurdities of politics. This guy is supposedly the architect of Obamacare but he s just one big jackwagon.Can you believe we ve had people like this determining the healthcare policy for all Americans? He s now providing cover for the failing Obamacare exchanges. Aetna is the latest to essentially withdraw from all but four of the state exchanges for which it had been providing health insurance under Obamacare. Not a success but you wouldn t know it from all the finger pointing going on with this putz.HERE S ZEKE TRYING TO BLAME HIS FAILURE ON POLITICS NICE TRY BUT WE RE NOT BUYIN  IT: ",0
20109,ABOUT TIME! House Republicans Move To Charge Hillary With PERJURY For LYING UNDER OATH Before Congress [VIDEO],"Didn t America have to suffer through a high profile perjury case for another Clinton not so many years ago? Oh yeah that was Bill Clinton who was actually IMPEACHED for LYING to a grand jury. Is there a more corrupt, self-serving power-driven couple in America?  WASHINGTON, D.C. Today, House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (UT-03) and House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (VA-06) sent a letter to the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia requesting an investigation into whether former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton committed perjury and made false statements when testifying under oath before Congress.The letter states: The evidence collected by the FBI during its investigation of Secretary Clinton s use of a personal email system appears to directly contradict several aspects of her sworn testimony. In light of those contradictions, the Department should investigate and determine whether to prosecute Secretary Clinton for violating statutes that prohibit perjury and false statements to Congress, or any other relevant statutes. Background:During a July 5, 2016 hearing before the House Oversight Committee, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey stated the truthfulness of Secretary Clinton s testimony before Congress was not within the scope of the FBI s investigation. According to Director Comey the Department of Justice requires a criminal referral from Congress to initiate an investigation into Secretary Clinton s congressional testimony.Additionally, Chairman Chaffetz sent a letter to Director Comey requesting the FBI s full investigative file from its review of former Secretary Clinton s use of an authorized private email server.Chairman Goodlatte sent a letter to Director Comey pressing for more information about the FBI s investigation and also led a letter signed by over 200 members of Congress demanding answers from FBI Director Comey regarding the many questions surrounding his announcement that he does not recommend federal prosecution against former Secretary Hillary Clinton for mishandling classified information through private email servers.Full text of letter:The Honorable Channing D. Phillips U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia 555 Fourth Street NW Washington, D.C. 20530Dear Mr. Phillips:We write to request an investigation to determine whether former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton committed perjury and made false statements during her testimony under oath before congressional committees.While testifying before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on July 7, 2016, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey stated the truthfulness of Secretary Clinton s testimony before Congress was not within the scope of the FBI s investigation. Nor had the FBI even considered any of Secretary Clinton s testimony. Director Comey further testified the Department of Justice requires a criminal referral from Congress to initiate an investigation of Secretary Clinton s congressional testimony. We are writing for that purpose.The evidence collected by the FBI during its investigation of Secretary Clinton s use of a personal email system appears to directly contradict several aspects of her sworn testimony. In light of those contradictions, the Department should investigate and determine whether to prosecute Secretary Clinton for violating statutes that prohibit perjury and false statements to Congress, or any other relevant statutes.Thank you for your attention to this important matter.  oversight.house.govWatch Hillary caught in lies during testimony in video here:Watch the impeachment of Hillary s serial sexual abuser husband, Bill for lying before a grand jury about his affair with young intern Monica Lewinsky: ",0
20110,MUST SEE: House Oversight Committee Releases Most Damning Video Of Hillary’s Lies To Date,Crooked lying Hillary ,0
20111,HOW PEOPLE MAGAZINE COVER Proves Hillary Has ALWAYS Been Wildly Unpopular With Women,"Does anyone else get the sense Hillary is not quite as popular with Americans as the media would like us to believe? She can barely fill a phone booth with supporters at her rallies and the activity with her social media accounts pale in comparison to Donald Trump s. Will the media be able to convince enough Americans that voters actually like or trust Hillary by November? Flashback to 2014, before the full-force of Hillary s reckless handling of highly classified emails put our national security at risk: People magazine has been a propaganda arm of the Left for decades. The June 16, 2014 cover promoting Hillary as our next President is no exception. Unfortunately, the propagandists at People Magazine underestimated the disinterest and dislike Americans had for Hillary Clinton when they made the decision to place her on their cover.According to AdWeek s report on the best and worst covers of 2014, the Clinton cover was People s most unpopular cover of the year, selling only 503,890 copies.Considering that 70% of People magazine s readers are women, this embarrassing cover flop should be of great concern to the campaign of the first female candidate for President Watch:The most successful cover? Unsurprisingly, Robin Williams memorial issue from August sold a total of 1,169,800 copies.- Huffington PostThis is just more proof of how UNpopular Hillary Clinton truly is with American voters and most especially with a demographic she can t afford to lose women voters.",0
20112,MUST WATCH VIDEO: WATCH WHAT TRACK & FIELD OLYMPIAN Does When Our National Anthem Is Played [Video],Usain Bolt was mid-interview when our National Anthem began to play he stops to honor it! Way to go! ,0
20113,"MEDIA IMMEDIATELY REPORTS Alleged Killer Of Imam, Assistant Was Catholic…Takes Days To ID Religion Of Muslims Who Commit Acts Of Terror In US [VIDEO]","There is no question that the killing of any innocent human is a tragedy. So how is it that the media determines just how much of a tragedy each unjust killing is? When 13 US Army members were murdered by Nidal Hassan, a Muslim psychiatrist who worked on the same US Army base, why did it take the media so long to report about his allegiance to radical Islam or his cries of  Alluha Akbar  as he slaughtered and wounded unsuspecting military members? Should the media have kept his devotion to Islam from the public in order to protect members of his faith from unjust persecution?  Only months ago, Obama s Attorney General Loretta Lynch threatened to punish anyone who used what the DOJ considers  hate speech  against Muslims, but never mentioned Christians, Hindus or Jews. Why did the media identify the CATHOLIC faith of the Hispanic man who killed the NY Muslim Imam and his assistant within hours of his capture, while hiding the faith of Muslims who commit acts of terror against Americans? Why does the media and our government go out of their way to protect members of the Muslim community, while racing to  out  the alleged Catholic Hispanic killer?Where were the large crowds of Mulsims protesting the  hate  after 9-11 in NY? Where were they after the worst mass murder in American history by radical Muslim Omar Mateen in Orlando?The suspect accused of murdering an imam and his assistant in New York had  hatred  toward Muslims after 9/11, his brother has said   as police investigate whether he was hired as a hitman. Hispanic Oscar Morel, 35, of Brooklyn, was charged Monday night with two counts of second-degree for the killings of Imam Maulana Alauddin Akonjee and Thara Uddin after cops say they recovered what they believe is the gun at his home.Investigators found clothes similar to those worn by the gunman in surveillance video of the killing stuffed into the wall of the suspect s home along with the weapon.Police and the Queens District Attorney would not say why Morel has not been charged with first degree murder   but it may be because it will be easier to upgrade the charges at a later stage.Morel worked as a janitor at The New School, a private university in New York, and was brought up in a Catholic family.His brother Alvin told the New York Post his brother was furious after attack on the Twin Towers   but insisted it was only  temporary .He said:  The only time we ever felt anything was 9/11,  Alvin Morel said.  We felt that same anger. We all had a hatred. The New York Daily News also reported that detectives were working on the theory that somebody hired Morel as a hit man.Police have not yet speculated on a motive, though New York Police Department s chief of detectives said the possibility that the murders were a hate crime is  certainly on the table .After his arrest, more information about Morel and the shooting were revealed:Morel, 35, is Hispanic, went to Catholic school and worked as a private university janitorHe has been charged with second-degree murder and will be arraigned at Queens Criminal Court on Tuesday morningSecond degree murder means the killing was not pre-meditated, but the charges could be upgraded Morel told police he was in the area at the time of the slaying and admitted he was the man in the surveillance video   but said he didn t shoot anyone The NYPD have said:  We strongly believe this is the individual They expressed confidence after detectives found a gun and clothes similar stuffed into the wall of Morel s homeHis brother said he had animosity towards Muslims after 9/11, but it had subsided Alvin Morel also said his brother was a  good guy  and was in disbelief at what happened Muslims in the community where the imam and his assistant were killed say they have been harassed Residents in the Bangladeshi-Muslim community in Queens and Brooklyn have described harassment in recent months by people who shouted anti-Muslim epithets.But Morel s brother said:  We re Catholic-school kids   we don t do this. He s a good guy. He also added on Facebook:  I cant believe what has happened. I don t believe whats injustice. GOD help my brother mother father and my self. Boyce added:  We believe, because of the evidence we ve acquired thus far, that we strongly believe this is the individual. Some have said that the men being shot in the head could have been the result of a feud between Muslims and Hispanics.The arrest was announced just hours after about 1,000 people gathered under tents to praise Akonjee, 55, and Uddin, 64, in an Islamic funeral service where emotions ran high.The ceremony featured several speakers who said they believed the victims were targeted because of their religion. Some members of the congregation shouted,  Justice!  periodically throughout the service.After the ceremony, part of the crowd marched to the spot a few blocks away where the shooting took place.Mayor Bill de Blasio told those gathered that the entire city was  mourning with you. Some in the largely Bangladeshi Muslim community in Queens and Brooklyn have described harassment in recent months by people who shouted anti-Muslim epithets.Read more:Daily Mail",0
20114,REMEMBER 24/7 Media Coverage Of Bush’s “Hurricane Katrina”? Louisiana Hit With Historic Flooding…Caskets Floating…Obama Declares State Of Emergency…Goes Golfing!,"Remember the criticism George W. Bush received for not doing enough for residents of Louisiana after the horrible floods caused by Hurricane Katrina? Could you imagine the feeding frenzy by the media would have had if Bush declared a state of emergency and then went golfing? The media s double standard for our Organizer In Chief compared to the criticism of GW Bush is beyond the pale President Barack Obama declared Louisiana was in a state of disaster on Sunday after a historic flood left at least five people dead, with emergency crews working to rescue thousands more. Governor John Bel Edwards said more than 10,000 people are now in shelters and more than 20,000 people have been rescued across south Louisiana.More than a foot of rain fell overnight on Friday   in a deluge estimated to occur once every 500 years, according to the Pacific Standard.In shocking photos showing the devastation, caskets that had washed up from a graveyard floated down the street in Denham Springs, Louisiana.Four people have been reported dead, said Devin George, the state registrar for vital records, earlier Sunday.A woman s body was later recovered by divers from inside a flooded vehicle in East Baton Rouge Parish, appearing to raise the death toll to five.Witnesses said the woman was seen Saturday night attempting to turn around in high water when her vehicle was swept away, said Casey Rayborn Hicks, a spokeswoman for the sheriff s office.In one dramatic rescue Saturday, two men on a boat pulled a woman from a car that was almost completely underwater, according to video by WAFB.Watch video of dramatic rescue HERE.The woman, who s not initially visible on camera, yells from inside the car:  Oh my god, I m drowning. One of the rescuers, David Phung, jumped into the brown water and pulled the woman to safety.Obama issued the disaster declaration after speaking with Edwards, making federal aid available in the parishes of East Baton Rouge, Livingston, St. Helena and Tangipahoa, hit hardest by the floods.Edwards said in a statement that other parishes could be added to the list.Emergency officials still were working on strategies to rescue an undetermined number of people trapped by the waters. We re very much still in the search and rescue mode,  said James Waskcom, director of the state s Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness.In Livingston Parish, phone service was spotty due to the high waters and most shelters were full. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20115,MEDIA HIDES TRUTH ABOUT #UnFitHillary: FALLS OFF PODIUM…Takes Weekends Off From Campaigning In Front Of Tiny Audiences [VIDEO],"#UnFit Hillary spoke to another small crowd today in Scranton, PA:Once inside the rally, Hillary fell off the podium after introducing Joe Biden to the few folks that came to see Crooked Hillary and Crazy Joe:But the REAL news, and the news you won t be seeing in the mainstream media, is that #UnhealthyHillary is taking the weekends off from campaigning.By reviewing the activities of Presidential candidates Trump and Clinton a new phenomenon has appeared. While Trump continues to smash Clinton in attendance at events, Hillary appears to have decided to take weekends off.Clinton took the weekend of August 6th and 7th off and she decided to take three days off this past weekend August 12th through 14th. She also has no events scheduled to participate in this coming Thursday through Saturday August 18th through 20th. This in essence would mean another three days off after three days of events scheduled starting today. In total Clinton has taken 7 days off in August out of the first 14 days and is scheduled to continue with this approach through at least this coming Saturday.Donald Trump on the other hand has taken only two days off in August, Sunday August 7th and Sunday the 14th. Trump has 7 days where he has participated in more than one campaign event.As previously noted, Trump has more than ten times the number of people at his campaign events than Hillary has at hers since August 1st. More than 100,000 people have shown up for Trump events since the beginning of August (with many more turned away due to the events reaching capacity). Hillary on the other hand hasn t even had one tenth of that or not even 10,000 show up at her events since August 1st.Also, it is clear by just looking at the crowds at Trump and Clinton events that Trump has a movement and Hillary has barely a heartbeat.Here s Trump questioning Hillary s low energy campaign:Trump s largest event was in Ft Lauderdale, Florida, where it was estimated that the massive crowd there to see him was near 20,000. The largest crowd Clinton spoke at was in Washington, DC but this was a NABJ/NAHJ Event which had an estimated 4,000 in attendance. Hillary s largest event held by her campaign in August was back on August 1st in Omaha, NE when businessman Warren Buffett joined her and an estimated 3,000 locals. In total when looking at just the Clinton campaign events, barely 8,000 people showed up to the seven campaign events since August 1st. It is unknown why Clinton is taking so much time off. Questions arise whether it is related to her terrible campaign event turnout or her poor health or some combination of both.  Gateway Pundit ",0
20116,OBAMA’S WAR ON COPS Takes Toll On Black Communities: Young Girl Cries Over #BlackLivesMatter Violence In Her Milwaukee Neighborhood [VIDEO],"Communities like Ferguson, Baltimore and now Milwaukee, didn t ask for this war on cops, it was thrust upon them. It was organized, paid for and well-orchestrated by Obama and other Democrats players from a variety of backgrounds. Former Attorney General Eric Holder was caught paying protesters with taxpayer money to come to Sanford, FL to march against George Zimmerman in the Trayvon Martin case that got Obama s Race War/War on Cops started back in March, 2012. With so many stories about the violence and crime coming out of Milwaukee, a bright ray of hope comes from a prayer rally created by a community torn apart by Obama s war on cops.A young girl bravely speaks out against the violence in her neighborhood. The sadness and despair in her shaking voice is truly heartbreaking. These people are trapped in a neighborhood overrun with crime, violence and despair. They re trapped in a neighborhood run by greedy Democrat politicians who have substituted government control for self-respect and dignity. They have taken away these citizens desire to do better, they have stripped them of the belief that they truly can escape their situation. They ve set up Planned Parenthood abortion mills on every corner to keep their population down and have given them just enough to sustain themselves, but not too much to escape government control.Rotten school officials and union leaders tasked with improving their education are only out for themselves, always looking for the next pay raise or special perk that comes with the job. What these self-serving politicians and school administrators are giving to these communities of mostly fatherless kids are a poor education, low self-esteem and no hope for a better life.These young adults are choosing a life of crime over a job. They re choosing to drop out of school instead of getting a job at a local fast-food restaurant while attending a local community college or technical training center. These young adults don t know, or understand the value of sacrificing today for a future tomorrow, because the Democratic Party has convinced them they don t need to worry about the future. They ve convinced them they don t need to be self-sufficient. The only thing they need is the government and that s enough. That s also the reason this frightened little girl seen in the video below, is trapped in this tragic neighborhood filled with violence and crime and may never get out as long as Democrats continue to fool the voters in these crime-ridden cities they are on their side.Thank goodness these citizens, (who are truly a ray of hope in these uncertain times) are able to turn to God for guidance and to ask for protection for their community, and for law enforcement officers who keep their neighborhoods safe. ",0
20117,EPIC NEWS CONFERENCE About Milwaukee Riots DEMOCRATS Won’t Want You To See: “Stop Trying To Fix The Police…Fix The Ghettos”,Bravo Sheriff Clarke! Registered Democrat Sheriff David Clarke is the only person in a position of authority in law enforcement who is brave enough to call the Black Lives Matter movement what it truly is. He is also one of the only black leaders in America who is willing to say why we are seeing a race war and war against cops in America today. He is truly a breath of fresh air and deserves to be applauded for his courage and dedication to truth. The idea that he s a Democrat is enough to make liberal heads explode!Watch his epic news conference here:,0
20118,HILLARY SUPPORTER BRAGS About Looting “White Businesses” In Milwaukee…Honors Hillary’s Equal Opportunity Card…Brings Sister Along [VIDEO],"In addition to be a disgusting criminal and an idiot, Jerome is also a Hillary supporter. His Twitter account clearly shows besides being an open criminal and racist, he s also a Hillary supporter. His bio shows support for #BlackLivesMatter and Hillary (#ImWithHer).Jayrome Williams also tweets his support for Hillary:Here s Jayrome (damn auto-correct keeps trying to make his name Jerome!) bragging about going out to loot businesses while taking advantage of cries for riots over death of armed black man running from police who refused to drop his stolen gun:https://twitter.com/BrotherTooTurnt/status/765033077995343872https://twitter.com/BrotherTooTurnt/status/764682372746973184https://twitter.com/BrotherTooTurnt/status/764681054846328832Jayrome specifically mentions the  White owned businesses  he s gonna loot:https://twitter.com/BrotherTooTurnt/status/764706238894604288Here s Jayrome bragging about the loot he got for a hard nights work of stealing from  white owned businesses. https://twitter.com/BrotherTooTurnt/status/764889161623011329Here s Jayrome bragging about bringing his sister along for the looting. He wouldn t be a true Hillary supporter if he wasn t willing to give his sister the same opportunity to steal from the white man would he?https://twitter.com/BrotherTooTurnt/status/764710518443704320Here s a re-tweet by Hillary supporter Jayrome Williams. No wonder he supports Hillary. She wants to take guns out of the hands of legal gun owners, leaving only thugs with guns Don't send no threats at gang if you ain't down for war, cause we strapped up with guns that ya'll can't afford!  Forgi   (@jayforgi) August 11, 2016",0
20119,TRUMP GIRLS Give Shout Out To Crooked Hillary…And Bring Down The House: “If The Justice Department Don’t Want To Indict You…The American People Will Indict You” [VIDEO],"Diamond and Silk light up the crowd at a Trump rally in NC. They remind Crooked Hillary, that just because Obama s cronies are protecting her from being indicted doesn t mean the American voters are going to give her a pass: And we will render our verdict in November. Are you on the Trump Train? .@DiamondandSilk have a Precise and Clear Message for Crooked Hillary. @HillaryClinton is still a Crook in our Book.https://t.co/0QV7rTi0mC  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) July 6, 2016Bravo!",0
20120,SYLVILLE SMITH’S SISTER Becomes Latest Spokesperson For Obama’s #BlackLivesMatter Terror Movement: “Don’t Burn Down Sh*t We Need…Take That Sh*t To The Suburbs…Burn That Sh*t Down…We Need Our Sh*t” [VIDEO],"Sylville Smith s sister Sherelle, was suddenly thrust into the spotlight after her brother was shot dead by police after a traffic stop on August 13th. She uses her time in front of several microphones to ask rioters for calm in her city. She implores them to instead to take their fight to the same suburbs where ironically, the semi-automatic handgun found on her brother had been stolen, along with 500 rounds of ammunition only months before.  We need our shit  says the girl who lives in a city run by Democrats that relies on the working citizens in the suburbs to sustain them.Sylville Smith's sister Sherelle encourages ""protestors"" to burn the suburbs @Cernovich @CassandraRules @rooshv pic.twitter.com/prxR2prcUV  DeeconX (@DeeconX) August 15, 2016CNN praised his sister for her comments:This how how @CNN praises people that incite riots @CassandraRules @Cernovich @MongoAggression #Milwaukee #MSM pic.twitter.com/61JRPK2q7w  DeeconX (@DeeconX) August 15, 2016The incident started Saturday afternoon when two officers stopped two people who were in a car in the north side, according to the Milwaukee Police Department.Shortly after, both car occupants fled on foot as officers pursued them, police said.During the chase, an officer shot one of the two   23-year-old Sylville Smith, who was armed with a handgun, according to authorities. He (officer) ordered that individual to drop his gun, the individual did not drop his gun,  Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett said.  He had the gun with him and the officer fired several times. Sylville Smith refused to obey the orders of the police officers.Smith was shot twice   in the arm and chest, the mayor said. His handgun was stolen during a burglary in Waukesha in March, according to police. The victim of that burglary reported 500 rounds of ammunition were also stolen with the handgun,  police said in a statement.The officer, 24, was assigned to District 7 and has six years of service with the Milwaukee Police Department   three of those as an officer.   Fox6NowResidents who had no evidence of any wrongdoing on the part of the police officer began to burn the city down. Firefighters were slow to respond, as rioters were throwing bricks at police officers, smashing police cars and firing several shots into the crowds.The violence continued again last night:#BREAKING: BLM Rioters arerunning through #Milwaukeestreets, vandalizing property#MilwaukeeUnrestpic.twitter.com/iSdvm7qDpZ  AlwaysActions (@AlwaysActions) August 15, 2016 ",0
20121,MEET THE GUY Milwaukee Is Rioting Over…Interesting PHOTOS Emerge Of Sylville Smith And Friends,"He had a gun that he stole during a burglary in a suburb of Milwaukee, along with 500 rounds of ammo. The cop told Syville Smith to put the stolen gun down as he was fleeing from the them after a traffic stop. He refused. Now he s dead, and they re burning down the city of Milwaukee to honor him.A standoff between police and an angry crowd turned violent Saturday night in the hours after a Milwaukee police officer shot and killed an armed suspect during a foot chase on the city s north side.City police officials said two officers stopped two suspects in a car about 3:30 p.m. The suspects then took off on foot. During the pursuit, a six-year veteran of the department shot and killed a 23-year-old Milwaukee resident, who was carrying a semiautomatic handgun, police said.The officer was not hurt.During his midnight news conference, Barrett said the officer pursuing the 23-year-old man ordered him to drop his gun. The man didn t and the officer fired several times, the mayor said.The man was hit twice, once in the chest and once in the arm. He said police determined there were 23 rounds in the man s gun.Barrett said the officer was wearing a body camera and his understanding was that the camera was operational during the incident.   Milwaukee Journal SentinelHere are a few pictures we found on his Facebook account:As it turns out, Syville had a bit of a record:Court records show in February of 2015, Smith was charged with one felony count of first degree recklessly endangering safety and one misdemeanor count of possession of THC. The charges were dismissed by prosecutors in November.August of 2015, Smith was charged with felony intimidation of a witness/person charged/felony. That charge was dismissed by prosecutors in September.In July of 2014, Smith was charged with carrying a concealed weapon   a misdemeanor charge. He pleaded guilty in November, and was sentenced to serve one day in the House of Correction.In July of 2013, Smith was charged with felony retail theft   intentionally taking $500 to $5,000 as party to a crime. Prosecutors dismissed the charge in October.  Fox6NowHere s Syville just hanging  out with a few upstanding friends:He seems to have a penchant for posing with guns.This man who says he is Mr. Smith s cousin also seemed to make a threat with this semi-intelligible rant. Police might want to check that out. h/t Weasel Zippers",0
20122,"OBAMA’S GITMO BOARD RELEASES “High Risk” Explosive’s Expert, Al-Qaeda Trainer","While Obama golfs in Martha s Vineyard, yet another  decision is made to allow a terrorist to return to his homeland. Way to honor our troops who have lost their lives to these evil men Barry President Barack Obama s multi-agency Periodic Review Board (PRB) has approved an al Qaeda-linked Algerian prisoner for release from the U.S. military detention center in Guant namo Bay, Cuba, conceding that the jihadist  presents some level of threat. However, PRB claims that the threat posed by the 43-year-old, Sufiyan Barhoumi, can be  adequately mitigated,  in part due to  his lack of extremist views. At one point, the Pentagon deemed the prisoner to be  high risk,  linked to key al Qaeda leadership, and accused him of participating in  hostilities against the US and coalition forces. Barhoumi was identified by the Pentagon as an explosive s expert and Al-Qaeda trainer.He has been held at Guant namo since mid June 2002 and on Tuesday became the second detainee to be approved for release by the Gitmo board after presenting a letter of support from a former guard, notes the Miami Herald.In a statement announcing its latest decision, Obama s parole board notes:The Board recommends repatriation to Algeria due to the detainees strong family support and Algeria s strong record in prior transfers, with security appropriate security assurances as negotiated by the Special Envoys and agreed by relevant USG [US government] departments and agencies.Algeria has been listed by the U.S. government as a terrorism-linked country.Barhoumi presented PRB with a detailed plan to open a pizza shop near his mom in the Algerian capital of Algiers, reports the Miami Herald.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
20123,MUSLIMS SILENT AFTER TERROR ATTACKS…BUT BLAME TRUMP After Witnesses Give Description Of “Tall Hispanic” Who Killed NY Imam And Assistant [VIDEO],"Whenever we have a terror attack in America, the media goes to great lengths to make sure no one assumes of the killer was a Muslim. Meanwhile, the media has gone out of their way to convince Americans that all Hispanics hate Trump. Isn t it interesting how quickly they print a story about the murderer of two Muslim men who witnesses describe as a  tall Hispanic man  and then blame Trump?An imam and his assistant were shot and killed in broad daylight as they walked home from a mosque in Queens. That s not what America is about,  Khairul Islam, 33, a local resident told the Daily News.  We blame Donald Trump for this. Trump and his drama has created Islamophobia. Another Imam, whose name is unknown at the moment, also blamed the real estate mogul and former NYC mayor for the shooting.  For those in leadership like Trump and Mr. Giuliani, and other members of other institutions that project Islam and Muslims as the enemy, this is the end result of their wickedness,  the Imam said at a gathering of Muslims protesting the shooting.Other Muslim gatherings were chanting  This is Donald Trump s fault,  and  Muslim hate crime. Witnesses providing leads to the NYPD described the shooter as a tall man of Hispanic descent. The NYPD is currently conducting an extensive canvass of the area for video and seeking additional witnesses as the shooter remains at large.   Breitbart",0
20124,WIKILEAKS JULIAN ASSANGE Reveals Hillary’s Connection To ISIS And Discusses Emails That Could Put Her In Jail [VIDEO],"Afshin Rattans goes underground inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London with Julian Assange. He talks to the founder of Wikileaks, Julian Assange about how his recent DNC leaks have no connection to Russia. Plus what are Hillary Clinton s connections to ISIS and Russia.",0
20125,"FATHER OF ARMED THUG Killed By Milwaukee Cop Speaks Out: Blames Whites, “They got us killing each other”…Blames Himself For Being Bad Role Model, “Your Hero Is Your Dad” [VIDEO]","Thugs burned down several buildings Saturday night in Milwaukee over the shooting death of a 23-year-old black man armed with a stolen gun by Milwaukee police during a foot pursuit. The deceased man s father is now speaking out. Who he s blaming should have every logical American scratching their heads Note to Dad: You can t blame the white man or the 2nd Amendment because your son stole a gun from a home in the suburbs and refused to obey when the police officer who was pursuing him told him to  drop it .The father of a man shot and killed by a Milwaukee police officer Saturday afternoon, August 13th has identified him as 23-year-old Sylville Smith.Court records show in February of 2015, Smith was charged with one felony count of first degree recklessly endangering safety and one misdemeanor count of possession of THC. The charges were dismissed by prosecutors in November.August of 2015, Smith was charged with felony intimidation of a witness/person charged/felony. That charge was dismissed by prosecutors in September.In July of 2014, Smith was charged with carrying a concealed weapon   a misdemeanor charge. He pleaded guilty in November, and was sentenced to serve one day in the House of Correction.In July of 2013, Smith was charged with felony retail theft   intentionally taking $500 to $5,000 as party to a crime. Prosecutors dismissed the charge in October.FOX6 s A.J. Bayatpour spoke with Smith s father, Patrick on Sunday. He had this to say in the wake of the shooting of his son by Milwaukee police and the violence that followed:Angry crowds took to the streets in Milwaukee on Saturday night/Sunday morning to protest the shooting death of Smith by a police officer hours earlier.Protesters burned several stores and threw rocks at police in the city s north side, leaving one officer injured. Smoke and orange flames filled the night sky.The incident started Saturday afternoon when two officers stopped two people who were in a car in the north side, according to the Milwaukee Police Department.Shortly after, both car occupants fled on foot as officers pursued them, police said.During the chase, an officer shot one of the two   23-year-old Sylville Smith, who was armed with a handgun, according to authorities. He (officer) ordered that individual to drop his gun, the individual did not drop his gun,  Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett said.  He had the gun with him and the officer fired several times. Smith at the scene. It s unclear whether the second occupant of the car is in police custody.Smith was shot twice   in the arm and chest, the mayor said. His handgun was stolen during a burglary in Waukesha in March, according to police. The victim of that burglary reported 500 rounds of ammunition were also stolen with the handgun,  police said in a statement.The officer, 24, was assigned to District 7 and has six years of service with the Milwaukee Police Department   three of those as an officer.He was not injured and will be placed on administrative duty during the investigation and subsequent review by the district attorney s office. Via: FOX6Now",0
20126,BUSTED: HILLARY’S MEDIA CHEERLEADERS Caught Hiding Truth About Most Corrupt Candidate Ever During Live Interviews [VIDEO],"Wow! This compilation of blatant blocking for Hillary is beyond embarrassing and these  journalists  should be serving time for journalistic malpractice.We all know the mainstream media is guilty of supporter the Democrat candidate for President in almost every election for decades, the question is:  Are we going to allow them to define the narrative and cover for a criminal while destroying the reputation of Trump, who is truly the only ally we have against this corrupt media, or are we going to stand up and shout,  NO MORE! ? A few examples of journalistic malpractice: We have chosen to cut off that microphone. Let me be clear here, obviously the majority of Donald Trump supporters are not African American, I don t know how many African Americans were in that building. But that is one person  we have chosen to cut off the sound off for. This is happening every day in America are you doing your part to discredit them? After all, silence is consent ",0
20127,ANGRY BLACK MILWAUKEE RESIDENTS Set City On Fire After Armed Black Man Is Killed By Police: “The black people of Milwaukee are tired…They’re tired of living under this oppression” [VIDEO],"This is Obama s America This will be his legacy. He was elected by over 90% of the Black community. He promised them jobs. Instead, he opened our borders and gave their jobs to illegal aliens who will gladly do the jobs for less money.During Obama s tenure, the percentage of black Americans struggling below the poverty line has advanced, according to the most recent Census Bureau data, from 25.8 in 2009 to 26.2 in 2014   up 1.6 percent. Real median income among black households during those years, according to the Census Bureau, sank from $35,954 to $35,398   down 1.5 percent.The number of black food-stamp participants exploded across that time frame from 7,393,000 to 11,699,000, the U.S. Department of Agriculture reports   up 58.2 percent. Also, from Obama s oath of office through the fourth quarter of 2015, the percentage of black Americans who own homes foundered from 46.1 percent to 41.9 percent, according to the Census   down 9.1 percent. -National ReviewMilwaukee:A standoff between police and an angry crowd turned violent Saturday night in the hours after a Milwaukee police officer shot and killed an armed suspect during a foot chase on the city s north side.After an hours-long confrontation with officers, police reported at 10:15 p.m. that a gas station at N. Sherman Blvd. and W. Burleigh St. was set on fire. Police said firefighters could not for a time get close to the blaze because of gunshots.Later, fires were started at businesses   including a BMO Harris Bank branch, a beauty supply company and O Reilly Auto Parts stores   near N. 35th and W. Burleigh streets, a grim and emphatic Mayor Tom Barrett said. He spoke at a midnight news conference at the District 3 police station at N. 49th St. and W. Lisbon Ave.The mayor said some involved in the disturbances took to social media early in the evening to encourage others to come out and participate in trouble-making. He said many of them were young people, and he urged parents to keep tight reins on their children to avoid a repeat of Saturday night. Our police officers are doing everything they can to restore order,  he said. But he said everyone needed to help restore calm. If you love your son, if you love your daughter, text them, call them, pull them by their ears, get them home. The mayor said police had  shown an amazing amount of restraint  Saturday evening.Hamilton said,  Our city is in turmoil tonight.  He promised a full and open investigation into the the police-involved shooting.Assistant Police Chief James Harpole said at least 200 people had gathered at the disturbances earlier. He said there were multiple gunshots over the course of the evening.When the gas station was set ablaze, there were three people in the building and all got out safely, he said.The news conference ended with Aldermen Russell W. Stamper II and Khalif Rainey delivering strongly worded statements about the disturbance springing from the frustrations of black Milwaukeeans and the problems they face.Rainey, who represents the area where the man was shot by the officer and the disturbance occurred, was particularly pointed. He said Sherman Park had become  a powder keg  this summer, and ended his remarks by implying that downtown could be the site of disturbances if the issues facing African-Americans here not addressed. This entire community has sat back and witnessed how Milwaukee, Wis., has become the worst place to live for African-Americans in the entire country,  Rainey said.  Now this is a warning cry. Where do we go from here? Where do we go as a community from here? Do we continue   continue with the inequities, the injustice, the unemployment, the under-education, that creates these byproducts that we see this evening?   The black people of Milwaukee are tired. They re tired of living under this oppression. This is their existence. This is their life. This is the life of their children. Now what has happened tonight may have not been right; I m not justifying that. But no one can deny the fact that there s problems, racial problems, here in Milwaukee, Wis., that have to be closely, not examined, but rectified. Rectify this immediately. Because if you don t, this vision of downtown, all of that, you re one day away. You re one day away. Earlier in the evening, more than 100 people gathered near the scene of the shooting at N. 44th St. and W. Auer Ave. and at times pushed against a line of 20 to 30 officers, some of whom were in riot gear.At one point, the officers got in their cars to leave and some in the crowd started smashing the windows and side of a squad car. Another vehicle was set on fire. As officers returned to the scene, this time with more in riot gear, as many as seven shots could be heard about 8:45 to 9 p.m.Soon thereafter, the crowd turned on and chased reporters and a photographer from the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. One reporter was shoved to the ground and punched.Police later tweeted that an officer was hit in the head with a brick that was thrown through a squad window. Police said the officer was being treated at a hospital.At nearly 11 p.m., police tweeted that gunshots again were fired near N. 44th St. and W. Auer Ave.City officials said three people had been arrested during the initial disturbance. Another disturbance developed at N. 35th and W. Burleigh streets.Crowd breaks widows of unoccupied squad near Sherman and Auer. Other squad set afire and broken windows on another. pic.twitter.com/Jux2mJZYyQ  Milwaukee Police (@MilwaukeePolice) August 14, 2016City police officials said two officers stopped two suspects in a car about 3:30 p.m. The suspects then took off on foot. During the pursuit, a six-year veteran of the department shot and killed a 23-year-old Milwaukee resident, who was carrying a semiautomatic handgun, police said.The officer was not hurt.During his midnight news conference, Barrett said the officer pursuing the 23-year-old man ordered him to drop his gun. The man didn t and the officer fired several times, the mayor said.The man was hit twice, once in the chest and once in the arm. He said police determined there were 23 rounds in the man s gun.Barrett said the officer was wearing a body camera and his understanding was that the camera was operational during the incident. Via: Milwaukee Journal Sentinel",0
20128,TYRA FOR TRUMP Hammers The Media On Their Bias Against Trump! [Video],"Tyra for Trump lets it rip on the biased media and tells everyone to STOP listening to the lying reports on Trump!SPREAD THE WORD! DONE WITH MEDIA! US AGAINST THE MEDIA, WE MUST UNITE AND FIGHT BACK! pic.twitter.com/YpUtXpoTOu  Tyra (@TRUMPVOTES) August 10, 2016 ",0
20129,BREAKING: NY IMAM AND ASSISTANT Shot And Killed Outside Mosque…Witnesses Say Killer Was Tall Hispanic Man…Guess Who Crowd Of Angry Muslims Blame? [VIDEO],"Whenever we have a terror attack in America, the media goes to great lengths to make sure no one assumes of the killer was a Muslim. Meanwhile, the media has gone out of their way to convince Americans that all Hispanics hate Trump. Isn t it interesting how quickly they print a story about the murderer of two Muslim men who witnesses describe as a  tall Hispanic man  and then blame Trump? An imam and his assistant were shot and killed in broad daylight as they walked home from a mosque in Queens.Police said a gunman walked up to religious leader, Maulama Akonjee, 55, on Saturday afternoon as he and his assistant, Thara Uddin, 64, were leaving the Al-Furqan Jame Masjid Mosque in Ozone Park.Both men were rushed to Jamaica hospital, where Akonjee, a married father-of-three, was pronounced dead.His assistant died about fours later.Imam Akonjee was described as a revered religious leader. He came to Queens from Bangladesh a little less than two years ago, according to the New York Daily News.After the shooting a crowd of angry Muslim men gathered at the scene insisting it was a hate crime, saying the two men were specifically targeted. That s not what America is about,  local resident Khairul Islam told the newspaper. We blame Donald Trump for this   Trump and his drama has created Islamophobia. Did it ever occur to these  angry Muslims  that  Islamaphobia  is rooted in the idea that almost every time we have a terror attack on our soil at the hands of a radical Muslim, we rarely see a Muslim who will speak out against it? Police said they received multiple 911 calls of two males being shot at the corner of Liberty Avenue and 79 Street around 1.50pm.Both men suffered gunshot wounds to the back of the head and were rushed to the hospital in critical condition.Witnesses said the shooter was tall and Hispanic.They said the man was carrying a large handgun and wearing a dark blue shirt and short pants. Via: Daily Mail",0
20130,OOPS! New App Allows Users To Remain ANONYMOUS…Defies Liberal Media Narrative…Shows TRUMP Winning BIG Over Crooked Hillary,"Funny what happens when liberals aren t able to bully or shame someone they don t agree with The results don t read like any poll you ve seen reported in the last weeks, but instead like they have been answered primarily by the most ardent Trump supporters.Some Zip questions:   New polls suggest Trump is getting crushed by Clinton. Do they reflect how you are going to vote?  Some 64% told Zip they would vote for Trump, compared to 36% for Clinton. In the latest Reuters/Ipsos poll, Clinton leads Trump, 42% to 36%.   California, who you voting for?  Trump got 55%, compared to 45% for Clinton. In the latest Public Policy Institute of California poll, Clinton has a 16-point advantage over Trump, 46% to 30%.After one week of the media defining what Trump really meant when he suggested 2nd Amendment supporters will defeat Hillary, here is how Americans really feel about Trump s comments:   What do you honestly think Trump meant by saying  The 2nd amendment people can do something about Hillary? Vote against her? 63% Assassinate her 37% Militi insists his replies are a cross-section of voters in age, gender and geography.  These are the same results we saw when he (Trump) was in the primaries,  he says. He contends that most media polls are just flat-out wrong and that smartphone answers are the future.Douglas Rivers, a Stanford University political science professor and chief scientist for YouGov, which conducts online polls with such partners as CBS and the Economist, disagrees.  What do they know about these people?  Rivers says.  We worry a lot about who we re talking to. So either the traditional polls are right or Militi is onto something, with a different way of polling that lets citizens answer more openly. We ll find out on Nov. 8, when voters go to the real polls.Read more: USA Today",0
20131,GAME CHANGER? Trump Recruits Election “Observers” To Prevent “Election Rigging” By Crooked Hillary,"Dems Panic In 5 4 3 2 1 Donald Trump s presidential campaign started recruiting  election observer  volunteers late Friday, after the Republican nominee claimed the only way he would lose Pennsylvania is  if cheating goes on  in  certain areas .The application form on the campaign website links directly to a page soliciting campaign donations with the text:  I AM YOUR VOICE.  Trump repeated claims at a Friday night rally, without evidence, that he fears a  rigged  election perpetrated in part by voter fraud.No Republican candidate for president has won Pennsylvania since 1988, and in 2012 the state s then Republican government, in court over a voter ID law, admitted in legal papers that its lawyers knew of no instances of in-person voter fraud in the state. The law was struck down in 2014.Despite this, Trump warned that Pennsylvania voters needed monitoring.  We re gonna watch Pennsylvania,  he said on Friday.  Go down to certain areas and watch and study and make sure other people don t come in and vote five times. The only way we can lose, in my opinion   and I really mean this, Pennsylvania   is if cheating goes on. I really believe it. So I hope you people can sort of not just vote on the 8th   go around and look and watch other polling places and make sure that it s 100% fine,  he added.Election observers are not unusual and are often relied on to field complaints and concerns from voters. Depending on state law, campaign representatives may be barred from the role. In Pennsylvania, only election officials, certified poll watchers or qualified voters with valid reasons can bring challenges on the grounds of identity or residence, according to the Advancement Project, a civil rights group.The state s election code states that a voter  shall have the right to cast his or her vote: without the use or threat of force, violence or restraint; without the infliction or threat of infliction of injury; without any intimidation or coercion upon or against his or her person; or without any other action intended to deny any individual s right to vote.    Guardian ",0
20132,MUSLIM IMMIGRANT BEATS 22-Term MN Democrat…Thanks Packed Room Of Somali Immigrants In Foreign Language…No American Flags Visible [VIDEO],"The number of Muslim registered voters is up 324,000 since the last Presidential election. As our State Department continues to seed small and large communities across America, expect to see more and more of these results. Speaking of America, does anyone see an American flag anywhere in the room during Ilhan Omar s acceptance speech in her native language? Does the idea of Sharia Law still seem like a far-fetched idea in America? Political jobs held by two veteran Democratic politicians have been outsourced to two young immigrants, underscoring the growing impact of mass immigration on white-collar Americans. The two Democrats who have lost their jobs to immigrants are both experienced, established and liberal members of the state s version of the Democratic party: 22-term Rep. Phyllis Kahn and 10-term Rep. Joe Mullery, both from Minneapolis.They were beaten in state primaries on August 9 by two political newcomers: Somali-born, hijab-wearing Ilhan Omar and Thailand-born Hmong immigrant, Fue Lee. The primaries were arranged by the state s Democratic Farmer Labor Party.Ilhan Omar s website attributed her win to immigrant Somalis:  More than 250 volunteers and 450 individual donors supported Ilhan s campaign.  I am so proud that the majority of contributions to my campaign are from members of the Somali community who believe in my leadership,  the site said. Somalis in other states supported her, including Washington state and Ohio.Kahn was actually beaten by two Somalis Omar and Mohamud Noor. She had only 1,726 votes to Omar s 2,404 votes. The second Somali candidate, Noor, edged Kahn with 1,738 votes. Compared to 2014, primary turnout rose by almost 40 percent in the 60B district, which includes most of the University of Minnesota.",0
20133,CAN HILLARY LIE HER WAY OUT OF THIS ONE? PHYSICIAN Says Hillary Has Parkinson’s Disease…Hillary Admits She Couldn’t Even “Get Up” After Convention,"Will Hillary s health be the only thing she can t hide by lying? She s the only presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician Hillary Clinton stated Friday that she did not know if she could even stand up because she was so exhausted during the disastrous Democratic convention in Philly. By the end of those two weeks that s exactly how I felt, it was,  Oh my gosh, I don t know that I can get up, let alone what I will do if I am vertical,  Hillary Clinton said in a campaign podcast. I, knock on wood, am pretty lucky because I have a lot of stamina and endurance, which is necessary in the kind of campaign I m engaged in,  Clinton stated. Via: Breitbart NewsMeanwhile a top physicians says Hillary has Parkinson s Disease.Hillary Clinton Has Parkinson s Disease, Physician Confirms #HillarysHealth https://t.co/Z8qPlzpvMu  Mike Cernovich   (@Cernovich) August 12, 2016Hillary s health is declining, as anyone who has looked at her can see. The question is: What condition does she have? A board certified Anesthesiologist has written a memo of Hillary s health.Hillary Clinton (HRC) has suffered a variety of health issues. Unfortunately, she has declined to make her medical records public. In July of 2015 her personal physician released a letter asserting her  excellent physical condition.  Unfortunately, multiple later episodes recorded on video strongly suggest that the content of the letter is incorrect. This discussion is designed to sort through the known facts and propose a possible medical explanation for these events. In keeping with Occam s Razor, a single explanation that covers everything is preferred.History of Hillary s Health: In 2009, HRC fell and broke her elbow. Little else was made public.[i] On December 17, 2012, while Secretary of State, HRC fell and suffered a concussion.[ii]Later, a transverse sinus thrombosis was diagnosed, resulting in chronic anticoagulation therapy. [iii] Her post-concussion syndrome was declared  recovered  in about six months.[iv] The original fall was publicly attributed to dehydration following gastroenteritis. An email from Huma Abedin (HRC s closest advisor) on January 26, 2013, says that HRC  is often confused. [v] Photos show being assisted up what appears to be the steps of a residential porch. This apparently happened in February of 2016. On August 4, 2016, Reuters and Getty published the photos.[vi] At a rally on May 2, 2016, HRC demonstrates classic PD hand posturing.[vii] She has no lectern in front, so she starts with her right hand pressed against her chest. At the 18:02 mark, she starts gesturing with her right hand, which is in a very unnatural position that is common in PD. On July 21, 2016 HRC was filmed talking to reporters at close range when several spoke at once. Without warning, she started a bizarre head-bobbing episode that must be seen rather than described. After several cycles, she regained control and declared that the reporters  must try the iced chai. [viii]WATCH HERE: On July 28, 2016, during the balloon drop, HRC suddenly looks up with a frozen wide-mouth and wide-eyed stare. After a couple of seconds she regains control and a more normal expression.[ix] On August 5, HRC declared that she had  short circuited [x] a response to Chris Wallace in an interview that aired July 31 on Fox News Sunday.[xi] August 6, 2016, at a campaign rally, HRC freezes with wide eyes in response to protestors. A large black male who commonly accompanies her leans in and tells her  It s OK. We re not going anywhere. Keep talking  Shortly after, she laughs strangely and then says  OK. Here we are. We ll keep talking. [xii] Several recent photos show HRC with an inappropriately exaggerated wide-mouthed smile and extreme wide-open eyes. Several videos show her laughing inappropriately and for extended periods. Numerous events have been interrupted by prolonged episodes of coughing unrelated to any infectious cause.This discussion will not argue that the black male is carrying a diazepam injector, since there is a plausible argument that it is actually a small flashlight, and is seen in other video to be such. We will also not discuss the circular area on her tongue. It appears to be the site of a mass excision. Benign explanations that do not bear on chronic health issues may easily be proffered.After the 2012 fall, HRC had post-concussion syndrome (PCS). She should have declared herself unable to fulfill her duties as Secretary of State. Her resignation from the position shortly thereafter may have satisfied this need without public medical discussion. If no other questionable medical signs had appeared, this discussion would end here. But the other events and signs point to a single cause for the fall, and it is not the public explanation. Further, HRC s statement early in her tenure as Secretary of State that she would serve only four years can be read in the context of a progressive disease that was known as she assumed the post.It is the premise of this discussion the HRC is most likely suffering from Parkinson s Disease (PD).It explains every one of the items listed above. Further, since it is a diagnosis primarily made by observation, the video record is sufficient to create a high degree of certainty.Via: Danger and Play   h/t Gateway Pundit",0
20134,HILLARY’S STATE DEPARTMENT BLOCKED Min Wage Hike For Haiti’s Poorest Citizens To Keep Costs Down For U.S. Owned Factories,"Corporations first Unfortunately, the poor factory worker in Haiti couldn t help Hillary or her campaign Hillary But just ask her, she ll tell you she s always looking out for the little guy! So much for the champion of the factory worker or the champion of the poor In Haiti, people work for peanuts. Slave wages. Less than $5 per day, but they supply the U.S. with tons of affordable clothing from big-name brands like Levi s, Hanes and Polo. Haiti s big advantage, compared to Asia, is their proximity to us, and thousands of Haitians are employed in the textile industry in part because of that. When Haiti passed a wage raise from $.24 per hour to $.61 per hour, American companies were predictably outraged.Enter Hillary s State Department Hillary Clinton colluded with big business to maintain slave wages for workers in one of the world s poorest countries, according to the host of an RT American comedy news show.Comedian and activist Lee Camp of RT s Redacted Tonight mocked Clinton s efforts to  keep 37 cents per hour out of the hands of destitute Haitians. In 2009, while Bill Clinton was setting up one of the family s shell companies in New York, in that same year Hillary Clinton was at the State Department working with U.S. corporations to pressure Haiti not to raise the minimum wage to 61 cents an hour from 24 cents,  Camp said April 17.  Seriously. Memos from 2008 and 2009 obtained by Wikileaks strongly suggest, but don t prove without a doubt, that the State Department helped block the proposed minimum wage increase. The memos show that U.S. Embassy officials in Haiti clearly opposed the wage hike and met multiple times with factory owners who directly lobbied against it to the Haitian president.The Clinton campaign (as expected) refuted the claim, and the State Department didn t comment.- PolitifactThis took place in 2011, and Hillary Clinton was the Secretary of State. Our corporations were successful, and Haitians continued to work for worse slave wages than they otherwise would have, all so U.S. corporations could take home higher profits.At the time, the U.S. Embassy said that the wage increase didn t take economic realities into account, and that it was a move designed specifically to appeal to the unemployed and underpaid masses of Haiti. Imagine that. Imagine trying to help your people have a better life instead of catering to huge corporations at your people s expense. The horror. News.groopspeakHOPE, not changeIn 2011, Wikileaks made nearly 2,000 cables available to the progressive magazine, The Nation, and Haiti Libert , a weekly newspaper in Port-au-Prince.The two media outlets assessed the cables and found, among many other revelations, that the  U.S. Embassy in Haiti worked closely with factory owners contracted by Levi s, Hanes, and Fruit of the Loom to aggressively block a paltry minimum wage increase  for workers in apparel factories.The Wikileaks cables show U.S. Embassy officials began monitoring the minimum wage issue as early as 2008, when the Haitian Parliament began discussing doubling or tripling the daily minimum wage of 70 Haitian gourdes to keep up with inflation. That s roughly equal to $1.75 a day, or about 22 cents per hour.(Some context here: Three quarters of Haitians live on less than $2 a day, according to the United Nations  World Food Program, while garments constitute about 90 percent of Haiti s exports, according to the Guardian. Haiti increased the daily minimum wage to the equivalent of $5.11 in 2014.)But back in 2008 and 2009, embassy officials repeatedly told Washington that a hike would hurt the economy and undermine U.S. trade preference legislation known as HOPE.The program, shorthand for the Haitian Hemispheric Opportunity through Partnership Encouragement Act of 2006, gives garments manufactured on the island duty free access to U.S. markets. Levi Strauss, Haneswear, Nautica, and Dockers are just some of the American companies that benefit from HOPE. Congress passed HOPE II in 2008, extending the program for another 10 years.In January 2008, Ambassador Janet Sanderson wrote that representatives of the business community   including the man tasked with implementing HOPE   had met with embassy officials and criticized Haitian President Ren  Pr val s efforts to raise the minimum wage as the wrong medicine for the ailing economy.An unsigned embassy cable sent to Washington in December 2008 echoed the private sector s assessment and reported that increasing the minimum wage would  have significant impact  on business.The State Department continued to promote HOPE as an economic boon for the island. In memos prepping U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice and Clinton for their visits to Haiti, charg  d affaires Thomas Tighe told the diplomats to  urge  the Haitian government take advantage of HOPE and HOPE II.For entire story: Politifact ",0
20135,CLAREMONT COLLEGES “Students Of Color” REFUSE To Live With Whites: “I don’t want to live with any white folks”…”Don’t see how this is racist at all”,"Are these students bullies? Are they racists? Perhaps they re both. Who in the world would want to hire these openly racist students when they graduate? When did it become okay for Hispanics and Blacks to openly discriminate against people who don t have the same skin color? A group of students at the Claremont Colleges in search of a roommate insist that the roommate not be white.Student Kar  Ure a (PZ  18) posted on Facebook that non-white students in need of housing arrangements should reach out to either her or two other students with whom she plans to live in an off-campus house. The post states that  POC [people of color] only  will be considered for this living opportunity.  I don t want to live with any white folks,  Ure a added.Dalia Zada (PZ  18) expressed concerns to the anti-white discrimination.  POC only?  Maybe I m missing something or misunderstanding your post, but how is that not a racist thing to say? This is directed to protect POC, not white people. Don t see how this is racist at all  responded AJ Le n (PZ  18), a member of the Pitzer Latino Student Union. People of color are allowed to create safe POC only spaces. It is not reverse racism or discriminatory, it is self preservation [sic],  Sara Roschdi (PZ  17), another Pitzer Latino Student Union member, stated.  Reverse racism isn t a thing. We don t want to have to tiptoe around fragile white feelings in a space where we just want to relax and be comfortable,  commented Nina Lee, a Women s Studies major.  I could live with white people, but I would be far more comfortable living with other poc. It is not clear whether or not this refusal of dialogue represents the approaches to conversation on racism with fellow students encouraged by professors of Africana Studies or the Residence Life staff at Pitzer College.Another RA and Black Student Union member, Jessica Saint-Fleur (PZ  18) added to the thread of comments,  White people have cause [sic] so much mf [sic] trauma on these campuses   why in the world would I want to live with that? Bring that into my home? A place that is supposed to be safe for me? The Mission and Values section of Pitzer College s website states,  Intercultural Understanding enables Pitzer students to comprehend issues and events from cultural lenses beyond their own.  It also adds that  [Pitzer College] supports the thoughtful exchange of ideas to increase understanding and awareness, and to work across difference without intimidation. We have the right to be heard and the responsibility to listen. Communication, even at its most vigorous, should be respectful and without intent to harm.    Campus ReformVia: Claremont Independent",0
20136,NFL DENIES Dallas Cowboys’ Request To Honor Slain Police Officers…IGNORES NFL Player Who Posted Pic Of Cop’s Neck Being Slit On Social Media,"The NFL was able to take a stand when it comes to the Cowboys attempt to honoring slain police officers in their hometown, but when an NFL player posts an  ISIS type execution of a police officer on social media, they can t seem to find their voice to express their disapproval The NFL has denied the Dallas Cowboys  request to wear the  Arm-in-Arm  decal on their helmets for Saturday s preseason opener against the Los Angeles Rams.The Cowboys had unveiled the decal at an emotional start to their first padded practice of training camp, when they walked arm-in-arm on the field with Dallas police officials, including police chief David Brown, Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings and the families of the police officers slain in the line of duty last month.The Cowboys, who wear the decal on their helmets during training camp, knew they would not be able to wear the decal for the regular season but had hoped to wear it in the preseason. We certainly understand the position the league takes on this, but it won t diminish our support for that concept of unity and supporting our police force and what they do to make our lives better on a daily basis,  coach Jason Garrett said.  That arm-in-arm image is something that we really believe in. You heard me talk about it a couple weeks back. What we re trying to do as a football team is build a team that s close. We talk a lot about unity and having each other s backs, and certainly they embody that. Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has this to say about the decal controversy:Tight end Jason Witten spearheaded the idea of the players honoring the police and the families. While a little disappointed, Witten believes the gesture at the start of camp can have a long-lasting impact. What s really important is what we tried to do, and that s to unite that community, our community, and show that support for those families and really honor the leadership of our city,  Witten said.  I think that decal not being on the helmet is not going to stop that. It s going to continue to do that not only now but in the future as we move forward. As players and an organization that is something we re going to continue to support.    ESPNWe reported about Cleveland Brown s player, Isaiah Crowell s Instagram post on July 11, 2016. While Cleveland Brown s acknowledged his post, the NFL has yet to make a public admonishment or levy a fine against him for making what was akin to a terrorist threat on social media against law enforcement.Here is a screen shot of the Instagram post that Crowell posted and then removed:Under the vile picture he posted in ebonics:  They give polices all types of weapons and they continuously choose to kill us. 100percentfedup.comCleveland Police force was not taking this lightly. Here s how they replied to Crowell s vile post:Crowell got blasted for posting an illustration last week of a cop getting his throat slashed by a masked person. He posted it on Wednesday   after Alton Sterling and Philando Castile s deaths, but the day before 5 Dallas officers were shot and killed. The running back deleted the post and the Browns demanded he publicly apologize, which he did.But Stephen Loomis, President of Cleveland Police Patrolmen s Association, thinks the  store-bought apology  isn t enough.  He needs to go to Dallas, help the families who lost their loved ones last week, write them a check, look them in the eyes and give a heartfelt apology. Loomis says Crowell s post was as  offensive as putting a picture of historical African-American men being hung from a tree in the 60s.  He adds that if Crowell doesn t go to Dallas and make a donation,  I will pull Cleveland officers, sheriffs, state troopers out of First Energy Stadium this season if he doesn t make it right. As for Crowell admitting he was wrong and acted out of rage   Loomis says,  You re a grown ass man, and you claim you were too emotional to know it was wrong? Think we ll accept your apology? Kiss my ass.    TMZ ",0
20137,SCARY! LEAKED EMAIL PROVES Radical Billionaire Donor GEORGE SOROS Was Pulling Sec Of State Hillary Clinton’s Strings On Foreign Policy,"It was announced last week that George Soros was donating over $25 MILLION to Hillary s campaign. Today we find out that George Soros is making decisions for Hillary that could affect our national security and the security of other nations worldwide.More leaked e-mails from Hillary Clinton during her time as Secretary of State now prove that she was taking foreign policy advice from radical leftist billionaire George Soros.WikiLeaks latest email leak shows how Soros had a direct line to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton when it came to foreign policy decisions she was tasked to act upon.How can we ever trust Hillary to make important decisions that affect the national security of our nation and of foreign nations now that it has been proven she is relying on advice from major donors like the unhinged radical, George Soros?Here is the content of the email. (A screen shot of the actual email can be found below): Dear Hillary, A serious situation has arisen in Albania which needs urgent attention at senior levels of the US government. You may know that an opposition demonstration in Tirana on Friday resulted in the deaths of three people and the destruction of property. There are serious concerns about further unrest connected to a counter-demonstration to be organized by the governing party on Wednesday and a follow-up event by the opposition two days later to memorialize the victims. The prospect of tens of thousands of people entering the streets in an already inflamed political environment bodes ill for the return of public order and the country s fragile democratic process. ",0
20138,STEALING THE ELECTION…SHOCKING CBS Report Shows How Anyone Can Hack The Vote For $15…VIDEO Shows How Easy It Is To Rig The System,"Roughly 70% of states use some form of electronic voting machine. The ease with which these machines can be manipulated is stunning Donald Trump said this week that he fears the election will be  rigged  for Hillary Clinton. Although he didn t specify exactly how Clinton, her team, or her supporters would commit widespread voter fraud, allowing her to steal a Presidential election, he insisted that the 2012 Presidential election demonstrated a cause for significant concern.I ve been hearing about it for a long time,  Trump told CNN.  And I know last time, there were   you had precincts where there was practically nobody voting for the Republican. And I think that s wrong. I think that was unfair, frankly. Many of Trump s supporters agree.But how easy is it to actually rig an election? It turns out that while voting machines are notoriously easy to hack, throwing a national election is a major operation that would require serious technical firepower.In a recent CBS News report, hackers demonstrated that individual electronic voting machines   the kind used in most precincts   are particularly vulnerable.WATCH:Via: Heat Street",0
20139,SECOND TWIN FALLS SEXUAL ASSAULT CASE…Mohammed Hussein I. Eldai Faces Felony Charges For Sexual Assault Of “Mentally Retarded” Woman,"Donald Trump was clearly on to something when he said we need to stop allowing unvetted refugees into our country until we get the refugee situation under control TWIN FALLS, IDAHO   A town that was recently rocked by the horrific gang-rape of a five-year-old girl by refugee boys has had an arrest in a case involving charges of another disturbing sexual assault case last weekend.Mohammed Hussein I. Eldai, 28, is facing charges of felony sexual assault of a vulnerable adult for an attack that happened Friday afternoon.The alleged victim, who has been diagnosed with mental retardation, encountered Eldai when she was out for a walk in the Saturday afternoon heat and laid down to take a nap.As Twin Falls TV station KM TV reports:She then laid on the sidewalk when her fatigue took over. That s when she says 28-year-old Mohammed Hussein Eldai saw her and asked if she was okay.Court documents say Eldai brought the woman to his house where he made her a drink. She told police Eldai touched her and exposed himself to her while he kept the victim in his bedroom.Neither the media nor the local authorities have released information on why Mohammed Eldai was in Twin Falls, whether he is a U.S. citizen, or whether he has any connection to Twin Falls s controversial refugee program. Sources say that Eldai required the services of an interpreter in court.The June 2nd rape of a five-year-old garnered national attention after local politicians and media attempted to downplay or cover up the incident. In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News, the victim s father revealed that he had watched 30 seconds of the video of the horrific attack in that case.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
20140,NBC BUSTED MAKING UP EMBARRASSING “GOTCHA” Trump Story In Attempt To Help Hillary,"In NBC s attempt to discredit Trump, they ve shined a bright light on their own journalistic malpractice when it comes to the Clintons.But wait does NBC really want us to believe that Florida Congressman Mark Foley, who allegedly sent suggestive emails and messages to congressional pages, was somehow the equivalent of having the Muslim father of a radical Muslim son who only months ago committed a horrific act of mass murder in Orlando in the name of Allah, in VIP seats behind Hillary at a recent rally?From the NBC story:SUNRISE, Florida   Donald Trump on Wednesday night admonished Hillary Clinton for having the father of the Orlando shooter seated behind her at a recent campaign rally. Wasn t it terrible?  Trump asked, that Seddique Mateen was  sitting with a big smile on his face right behind Hillary Clinton   When you get those seats, you sort of know the campaign. But as he said those words, disgraced former Congressman Mark Foley smiled up at him from behind the stage.Foley, a Republican who represented southern Florida, was forced to resign his seat in September 2006 in the wake of allegations that he sent sent suggestive emails and instant messages to congressional pages. The former congressman shared Trump s camera shot, with a smile, for the entirety of the hour-long rally.  NBC NewsDo you really expect any reasonable voter to believe that former Congressman Mark Foley s presence behind Trump at his Sunrise, FL rally was the equivalent of a Taliban supporting father of a radical Muslim mass murderer?More importantly, in their rush to make Trump look bad, NBC apparently forgot about former President Bill Clinton s oral sex act with a young intern in the Oval Office while he was married to Hillary. Maybe NBC missed the stories about Bill s numerous trips to  Pedophile Island  with fellow pervert and billionaire donor Jeffrey Epstein?Hey NBC Bill was ON THE STAGE several times during the DNC coronation of Crooked Hillary. Why didn t you call him out? How about the multiple allegations of rape and sexual assault by woman after woman at the hands of Bill Clinton? You know the disgraced President Bill Clinton the guy who was impeached for lying to a Grand Jury about Monica Lewinsky. He s the same guy who stood behind Hillary on the stage at the DNC, yet you never mentioned a word about him and his sordid history of alleged and proven sexual assault. He s the same guy who you re rooting for to move back into our White House. And you re worried about a FL Congressman who allegedly sent suggestive messages to congressional pages sitting behind Trump at a rally? Really?Ahhh but it s Teflon Bill and Hillary Clinton, so what difference does it make right? ",0
20141,THUG ANNIVERSARY GETS VIOLENT IN FERGUSON: Cellphone Captures Shocking Video Of Protester Blocking Traffic Being Mowed Down By Car…Shots Erupt [VIDEO],"Nothing good can come out of a protest over a thug who was shot to death by a cop defending his own life in a town that was ravaged, looted and burned by more out-of-control thugs. All of these acts were inspired by our racist President and his former, lawless Attorney General Eric Holder. How many more innocent lives will be lost or businesses destroyed over the lie that Michael Brown was innocent and had his  hands up  when he was shot? Gunfire broke out after a car mowed down a protester in Ferguson, Missouri on the second anniversary of the fatal shooting of Michael Brown. Several people were injured, at least one person seriously.***WARNING***Extremely Graphic Video***The Tuesday night protest took place near and in the street, and the demonstrators sometimes impeded traffic, but retreated from the roadway when warned by police.The man was reported to be badly injured, and was taken by a private car to a hospital, Cowan told The Chicago Tribune.Police responded to reports of gunfire, but found no evidence that anyone had been hit by a bullet, said Ferguson PD spokesman Jeff Small.The 2014 death of Brown at the hands of Darren Wilson, a white Ferguson police officer, was the catalyst for the Black Lives Matter movement. Via: RT",0
20142,WATCH: REMEMBER WHEN HILLARY SAID She Wasn’t Dropping Out Of 2008 Primary Race…Hinted Obama Might Be Assassinated Before Election [VIDEO],"That Hillary, she sure is a forked-tongued silver-tongued devil. Funny how the media conveniently forgot about the time Hillary hinted she was going to stay in the race despite the effect it may have on Obama s chance of defeating McCain because after all, Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June right before the election.Because suggesting an opponent in your party may be assassinated before the general is apparently okay if you re a Democrat. This week s controversy over comments by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and the assassination of his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton by  second amendment people  echoes a flap during the 2008 primary when she mentioned the possibility of someone killing Barack Obama.For those who don t remember the events of eight years ago, the Illinois senator had all but locked down his historic nomination, but former first lady was holding on until June, refusing to concede.  RTWatch here:",0
20143,DAN RATHER GOES FULL-ON RADICAL: Media Must Shame Donald Trump Supporters,"Dan Rather just released a Facebook post that s so full of BS that it stinks to high heaven! Please feel free to go on over to his page and let him have it: Dan RatherOur lefty media hacks are coming out of the woodwork to try and bash Donald Trump. It s unbelievable and unprecedented: Disgraced former CBS news anchor Dan Rather is out with a haughty statement on Facebook, urging all of his fellow news anchors and mainstream media editors to destroy Donald Trump and his supporters. This cannot be treated as just another outrageous moment in the campaign,  Rather said, referring to the Republican presidential nominee s comments about defending the Second Amendment.Rather appeared horrified by Trump s comment, struggling to explain his shock. By any objective analysis, this is a new low and unprecedented in the history of American presidential politics,  he said.Rather challenged the media to hold Trump accountable for his words, urging them to do more to try to shame his supporters. We will see whether major newscasts explain how grave and unprecedented this is and whether the headlines in tomorrow s newspapers do it justice,  he said.  We will soon know whether anyone who has publicly supported Trump explains how they can continue to do. Via: Breitbart",0
20144,“FOLLOW THE MONEY”: Hillary Gave $125K To Hospital After Receiving Treatment For Blood Clot,"She is the only Presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician. She s been having  brain freezes  and admits to  short-circuiting  and video footage captures her, as she appears to be having a seizure in middle of being questioned by reporters. She can t seem to recall anything and clearly has a serious problem with the truth. Is Hillary Clinton mentally or physically fit enough to serve our nation in any capacity? Maybe it s time to take Hillary s advice and  follow the money :Hillary Clinton kicked $125,000 in donations from her family foundation to a hospital after receiving treatment for a blood clot in 2013, the Washington Free Beacon has discovered.Hillary had never donated to the hospital before her treatment for the blood clot.Clinton was discharged from New York Presbyterian Hospital in January 2013 after being treated for a blood clot. Doctors discovered the clot during follow-up treatment for a concussion she sustained weeks earlier after she passed out from dehydration, causing her to fall and hit her head.The New York Times wrote in January 2013:Hillary Rodham Clinton, whose globe-trotting tour as secretary of state was abruptly halted last month by a series of health problems, was discharged from a New York hospital on Wednesday evening after several days of treatment for a blood clot in a vein in her head . Her medical team advised her that she is making good progress on all fronts, and they are confident she will make a full recovery,  Philippe Reines, a senior adviser to Mrs. Clinton, said in a statement.Mrs. Clinton, 65, was admitted to NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia hospital on Sunday after a scan discovered the blood clot. The scan was part of her follow-up care for a concussion she sustained more than two weeks earlier, when she fainted and fell, striking her head. According to the State Department, the fainting was caused by dehydration, brought on by a stomach virus. The concussion was diagnosed on Dec. 13, though the fall had occurred earlier that week.The clot was potentially serious, blocking a vein that drains blood from the brain. Untreated, such blockages can lead to brain hemorrhages or strokes. Treatment consists mainly of blood thinners to keep the clot from enlarging and to prevent more clots from forming, and plenty of fluids to prevent dehydration, which is a major risk factor for blood clots.The Clinton Family Foundation the Clintons  second, much smaller foundation then donated six figures to the hospital s fund, according to records filed with the Internal Revenue Service.The same year Clinton received treatment for the blood clot, the foundation made a $25,000 donation to New York-Presbyterian Fund Inc., the fund associated with the hospital.For entire story: Free Beacon",0
20145,MONEY TO “BERN!”…SOCIALIST BERNIE SANDERS Endorses Clinton…Buys THIRD Home On Lake For $600K Only 3 Weeks Later,"Feel the Bern of a lot of gullible young people who were fed a big line of Bullsh*t Socialist Senator Bernie Sanders (VT) is the proud new owner of a summer home in the Champlain Islands, Seven Days has confirmed.The Burlington resident last week plopped down nearly $600,000 on a lakefront camp in North Hero.Sanders  new crib has four bedrooms and 500 feet of Lake Champlain beachfront on the east side of the island   facing Vermont, not New York. The Bern will keep his home in Burlington and use the new camp seasonally. We ve traveled up to the islands many times over the years   almost always on day trips,  Sanders  wife, Jane O Meara Sanders, told Seven Days in a written statement.  We ve been impressed with the North Hero community, eaten at the North Hero House and Shore Acres and have suggested them to friends who were looking for a beautiful place to stay or have dinner. St. Anne s Shrine in Isle La Motte is my favorite church and it is nearby. Last Tuesday, the day of the closing, a relaxed-looking Bernie Sanders posed for a photo at Hero s Welcome General Store on Route 2. The store, a bit south of his new abode, serves a sandwich called  Feel the Bun  in the senator s honor. The $6.99 deli delight consists of a  HUGE  homemade roll, sliced turkey, fresh apple chutney, hot pepper relish, lettuce, tomato and provolone cheese. It s not fair that the Billionaire Class controls 99 percent of the bread,  the menu description reads.  Here s a sandwich for the rest of us   to keep us nourished until everything cool is free! Seven Days",0
20146,GUESS WHO WE SPOTTED IN THE VIP SECTION AT A CLINTON RALLY? Hillary’s Campaign Couldn’t Get Any Creepier,"You won t believe who was spotted in the special section behind Hillary Clinton at her rally yesterday in Kissimmee, Florida? The section behind a candidate is typically reserved so the campaign knew he was going to be there. Remember that after the Orlando attack this man was awful and blamed the attack on guns. He is a local politician and a total creep.What s up with these Democrats?It s Seddique Mateen, father of Orlando terrorist Omar Mateen:Mateen refused to speak to local reporters at the rally but they caught up with him at a rest stop on the road:Via: WPTV We ve been cooperating with the federal government, and that s about it,  he said.  Thank you.  Mateen didn t want to answer any other questions, but just hours later, we ran into him by chance at a rest stop on the way back to West Palm Beach. He wanted to do an interview and show us a sign he made for Clinton. Hillary Clinton is good for United States versus Donald Trump, who has no solutions,  he said.He had a sign with him Note the bullet point that reads  GOOD FOR NATIONAL SECURITY . ",0
20147,US SWIMMER Kicks Some Russian Booty After Russian Swimmer Shakes Finger At Her,"US Swimmer Lilly King gave a Russian swimmer a lesson in swimming clean when she raced and beat the swimmer who wagged her finger at her the night before. The interview after the finger wagging was great! Lilly basically said the Russian swimmer s record of not passing the drug test was  not cool . Soooo Lilly went out today and kicked some Russian booty  The American beat Yulia Efimova in the 100-meter breaststroke   and set an Olympic record, too   a night after she called out the Russian for bragging after failing a drug test.Efimova was .57 seconds behind King, who finished in 1 minute, 4.93 seconds. American Katie Meili won bronze[ ]King s victory made a statement, too. Asked if she thought the win made a statement to Efimova, King said:  I hope I did, that we can still compete clean.   That s how it should be.  ",0
20148,"LIBERTARIAN Gary Johnson ENDORSES Black Lives Matter, Anti-Cop Terror Group [VIDEO]","Johnson calls Obama s manufactured race war/war on cops a  national emergency Watch below as Johnson exposes his left-winger leanings while attempting to pick up disenfranchised Cruz and Sanders voters If there was any doubt, Gov. Gary Johnson is working harder at winning over former Bernie Sanders supporters than Ron and Rand Paul supporters. For whatever reason, he s taken on several left-wing positions from bashing religious freedom to now supporting Black Lives Matter. At the CNN Libertarian Party Town Hall on Wednesday, Johnson praised the efforts of Black Lives Matter and endorsed the organization.https://youtu.be/y9bwi91j99USpeaking to a Black Lives Matter protestor and registered Democrat who was shot in the leg during a march, Johnson said,  What it has done for me is that my head has been in the sand on this,  Johnson said.  I think that we ve all had our heads in the sand and lets wake up. Discrimination does exist, has existed, and for me personally, um, slap, slap, wake up.  The Libertarian Vice Presidential nominee Bill Weld focused less on the Black Lives Matter movement and more on the stats of black youth unemployment, calling it a national emergency.Via: Red Alert Politics",0
20149,BREAKING: Did Hillary’s Unsecured CLASSIFIED EMAILS Cause Execution Of Iranian Accused Of Working With U.S.? [VIDEO],"Will the State Department ever tell the truth and prove that careless, reckless, lying Hillary was responsible for his death? A State Department spokeswoman dodged questions Monday about whether the discussion of Shahram Amiri, an Iranian scientist who was executed by the Iranian government for working with the U.S., in a pair of Hillary Clinton s private emails may have played a role in his recent fate. We re not going to comment on what may have led to this event,  said Elizabeth Trudeau, a State Department spokeswoman. I couldn t speak to Iranian judicial procedures related to this specific case,  Trudeau said.  We ve made our concerns known writ large around Iranian due process. She noted the State Department had been  very public about this case when [Amiri] chose to return to Iran,  pointing to a press conference Clinton gave in July 2010.In those remarks, Clinton compared Amiri s ability to leave the U.S. on  his own free will  with Iran s decision  to hold three young Americans against their will.  She did not reference the scientist s work with the U.S. government.But emails made public in August show State Department aides referring to Amiri as  our friend.  An Iranian official was quoted attributing Amiri s execution to his collusion with the  Great Satan,  America.  Washington Examiner",0
20150,CAUGHT ON CAMERA: MULTIPLE ATTACKS Against Olympic Tourists By Brazen Thugs In Broad Daylight In RIO DI JANEIRO,"No wonder the stands are mostly empty at the Olympic events in the violent city of Rio Di Janeiro.As Rio de Janeiro rings in its tenure as host city to the Summer Olympics with street violence, deadly pollution, jihadist threats, incomplete facilities, and a plague, many around the world are wondering: who thought the embattled Brazilian city would be a good host for anything of this magnitude?The Summer Olympics is the second major global sporting event Brazil clinched hosting duties for under the rule of the socialist Workers  Party (PT)   and its founder, President Luiz In cio Lula da Silva   two years after its surprisingly uneventful run as hosts of the FIFA World Cup. Brazil winning World Cup hosting duties made sense; it was the only candidate. The Olympic bid, however, was a competitive one, with highly developed cities like Madrid and Chicago making the case that they were safer, better-prepared venues for such an event.Hey Hillary supporters here is a preview of what socialism really looks like:https://youtu.be/BFDHd3UCyaUAt the time of Rio s winning Olympic bid, International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Jacques Rogge said of Brazil,  There was absolutely no flaw in the bid.  IOC Evaluation Commission chair Nawal El Moutawakel implied this was false, but refused to speak ill of Rio de Janeiro. There is a vision between now and many years yet to come, these Olympic Games come right in the middle of a global vision led by President Lula and the entire government,  she concluded.Lula, meanwhile, reveled in the significance of hosting the Games for his socialist movement.  For us, it will be an opportunity to be equal. It will increase self-esteem for Brazilians, will consolidate recent conquests and stimulate new advances,  he said in a speech following the IOC announcement.Lula, an ally of the continent s worst tyrants, from Hugo Chavez to Fidel Castro, did have a vision for Brazil: to use it as a personal piggy bank for himself and his cronies while exploiting the desperation of the poor. Under Lula, officials used the state-run oil company Petrobras to line their pockets with hundreds of millions of dollars by overcharging on contract projects. For years, investigators believed the Petrobras corruption scheme   known by its investigative name, Operation Car Wash   operated without Lula s knowledge.Judge Sergio Moro, who has become a folk hero for his role in exposing the corruption, found evidence that Lula used Petrobras money to buy himself a beachfront home. Moro opened an investigation into Lula, which immediately prompted President Dilma Rousseff to appoint Lula her chief of staff, granting him immunity.Moro posted audio of Rousseff, the nation s Minister of Energy during the Petrobras scandal, assuring Lula she would appoint him to a government position for immunity purposes if police got too close to uncovering his role in the scandal. Rousseff accused Moro of trying to foment a coup against her.Rousseff has since been impeached.  Breitbart News",0
20151,BRAIN FREEZE! HILLARY CLINTON Goes Blank…Forgets What She’s Talking About [Video],And this woman is going to try and keep up with Trump? I think it s safe to say the debates are gonna be fun  ,0
20152,AMERICAN OWNED DUNKIN’ DONUTS BANS Women Not Accompanied By A Man From Stores In Saudi Arabia,"Dunkin  Donuts is an American global donut company and coffeehouse chain based in Canton, Massachusetts, in Greater Boston. How many American companies out there who franchise their businesses are willing to say, no  to countries who still uphold 7th century treatment of women? WOMEN in Saudi Arabia have been banned from the American chain Dunkin  Donuts   unless they are accompanied by a man.Signs have been daubed on doors to the shops in the capital Riyadh saying  unescorted women  are not allowed inside.Saudi Arabia has strict rules in place to separate men and women, many of whom wear full face veils.Western eateries McDonald s and Pizza Hut have separate entrances for men and women who are also seated apart once inside.Women who go into restaurants with their husbands and children are seated in family areas which are screened off from other diners allowing them to remove the veil covering their faces.Saudi Arabia is the only country in the world where women are banned from driving because of their gender.They are also unable to access education, medical treatment and go out for a meal unless a male chaperone   usually a husband or father   gives them permission or accompanies themProtesters have argued that western chains such as Dunkin  Donuts, McDonald s and Pizza Hut are promoting sexism and the discrimination of women by separating the sexes in their stores.A Twitter campaign using the hashtag #StopEnslavingSaudiWomen is calling for women to be treated as equal to men and the right to drive and enjoy an education in addition to enjoying outings without a chaperone.Earlier this year Express.co.uk reported how Starbucks   another American chain   had also forbidden women from entering a shop in Riyadh urging them to send their driver in to collect their drink.Via: Express H/T Weasel Zippers",0
20153,THE YOUNG GIRL THE CLINTONS DESTROYED…Monica Lewinsky: “I’m Probably The Only 41 Year Old Who Doesn’t Want To Be 22 Again”," In 1998, I lost my reputation and my dignity. I lost everything and I almost lost my life  -Monica Lewinsky, 2015Here is Monica Lewinsky, now a 41 year old woman who is actually being paid to address audiences about how her affair with then President Bill Clinton destroyed her life. What price did Bill Clinton pay for destroying this young girl s life? What price did Hillary pay for enabling his behavior (that bordered on pedophilia given the age difference between Bill and Monica)? This young girl was  slut shamed  by the entire world while Bill and Hillary, unconcerned with her well-being, huddled together to work out the details of how they would deceive the world with lies and save their political careers and ambitions. Hillary even went so far as to call Monica a  narcissistic looney tune. Does anyone really believe the audience at this event had any desire to hear what Monica Lewinsky had to say about the age of media, and how it affects people s lives? They wanted to hear about what it was like to have an affair with the former President of the United States of America, who also happens to be a serial philanderer, and is still married to a woman who pretends to be a champion for other women. The Clinton machine made sure Monica Lewinsky didn t receive any compassion from the media. She was made into a public joke, and humiliated by a rabid press who was looking for someone other than the Clinton s to blame for the shame that Bill Clinton brought to the office of President of The United States.The Clinton s never gave a damn about this young girl they only cared how about how they could spin it with the media, so as not to affect Hillary s Presidential ambitions ",0
20154,SAY WHAT? Law Firm Who Gave GITMO TERRORISTS Anti-American Propaganda To Host Major FUNDRAISER For HILLARY [VIDEO],"Tickets to the fundraiser for Hillary hosted by a law firm who was banned from GITMO after being caught giving Muslim terror suspects anti-American propaganda are a mere $2,700 per person You can t make this stuff up!In 2007 Hillary Clinton voted  YES  on preserving habeas corpus for Guantanamo detainees.Sen. Specter s amendment would have stricken the provision regarding habeas review. The underlying bill would have authorized a trial by military commission for violations of the law of war. Here is what Senator Lindsey Graham had to say about the bill from the Senate floor:Senator Graham asked,  Do we really want enemy prisoners to bring every lawsuit known to man against the people fighting the war and protecting us? No enemy prisoner should have access to Federal courts a noncitizen, enemy combatant terrorist to bring a lawsuit against those fighting on our behalf. No judge should have the ability to make a decision that has been historically reserved to the military. That does not make us safer.  Senator Arlon Spector on the vote:  The US Constitution states that  Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it.  We do not have either rebellion or invasion, so it is a little hard for me to see, as a basic principle of constitutional law, how the Congress can suspend the writ of habeas corpus. Even with all the evidence that pointed to the danger this bill would  our nation, Hillary voted  Yes  while the majority of the Sentate voted against her.Today, the attorney s who defended GITMO prisoners are rewarding Hillary for her vote with a major fundraiser.Watch: ",0
20155,JUDGE JEANINE IS FURIOUS! “Hillary Won’t Stop Lying!” [VIDEO],Can you blame her for losing her cool with Crooked Lying Hillary? Share this with all of your  undecided  friends!https://youtu.be/CCkXOix0g2Y,0
20156,MOTHER OF CRYING BABY AT TRUMP RALLY: “Mr. Trump NEVER kicked me or my child out”…Liberal Reporter Backs Up Her Story,"When you re Donald Trump (or any Republican for that matter) and the Washington Post comes to your defense, you know it means there are too many untruths surrounding the story to pull off this particular lie Donald Trump is complaining that the media has spun a fable that he kicked a baby out of his rally in Ashburn, Va.The New York Post, for instance, headlined its article:  Trump loves crying baby, then kicks the tot out of his rally. The New York Daily News, in its article on the incident, began:  What a baby. Donald Trump booted a fussy baby from a rally Tuesday because the tot was wailing over the businessman s speech. The Guardian newspaper even used the incident to declare that this is a core problem with Trump   that he has  a total lack of empathy. In reality, this is a situation when the video can lie   and Trump s odd sense of humor can backfire. Let s roll the tape.The FactsThere are two parts to the video. During his speech a baby starts to cry, and Trump says:  Don t worry about that baby, I love babies.   I hear that baby crying. I like it. What a baby. What a beautiful baby. Don t worry, don t worry. The mom s running around like   don t worry about it, you know. It s young and beautiful and healthy, and that s what we want. But then about a minute later he says:  Actually, I was only kidding. You can get the baby out of here.   I think she really believed me that I love having a baby crying while I m speaking. So, just from watching the video, Trump sounds rather cruel. But what s missing is what the mother was doing. As it happens, Daniel Dale, a reporter from the Toronto Star, was sitting right behind her and wrote that the entire incident was mischaracterized.The baby was one row in front of me, three or four rows from the stage, at Trump s event at a high school in Ashburn, Va. When it began to cry, Trump said,  Don t worry about that baby, I love babies. I love babies. I hear that baby crying, I like it. I like it. What a baby, what a beautiful baby. Don t worry, don t worry. The mom s running around   don t worry about it. People applauded. One minute later, though, the baby began to cry again. This time, the mother quickly decided to take the baby out of the room. Trump, looking in our direction, appeared to notice that she was on her way to the exit.And then he said,  Actually, I was only kidding. You can get the baby out of here. That s all right. Don t worry. I think she really believed me that I love having a baby crying while I m speaking?  He cupped his hand over his eyes to watch her leave.  That s okay, people don t understand. That s okay. A joke? Possibly. An insensitive, heartless, ordinary-person-embarrassing remark? Possibly. Trump s tone is eternally hard to read. But, to my eyes, it certainly was not an ejection   it was an unusually barbed endorsement of the mother s own decision to depart.One other salient fact is missing from all the pieces on babygate. Mom and baby, very much not kicked out, came back to their seat a bit later.The baby was sucking a pacifier, silent.Dale had this perspective because he was not sitting in the news media corral.  I almost never request press credentials from the Trump campaign anymore   partly because I like being in the crowd rather than the pen,  he told The Fact Checker.  I was lucky, this time, that the usher people seated me very close to the stage, and one row behind the baby. There was one empty seat up there. Virtually no one in the media noticed Dale s version of events. He said he did not seek to interview the mother himself, as he did not realize until later how much attention had been paid to this incident.  Washington PostWithin days, the Clinton campaign highlighted the baby affair in a video trashing Trump s week:Trump just said he  doesn t throw babies out  of his rallies Let s review the record.https://t.co/u3a8RDNNrr  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) August 5, 2016Trump responded (as only Trump can) to this ridiculous allegation while speaking at a rally in WI last night:The mother of the baby who Trump allegedly  ejected  from his rally, Devan Cierra Ebert is speaking out and setting the record straight about what REALLY happened.Statement from Devan Cierra Ebert who  was removed  with her crying baby at a Trump Rally: I was the mother in his rally on Tuesday, August 2nd, in Ashburn, VA, with the baby who started to cry. I would just like him to know personally that I, by no means felt I was ever  kicked out  of his rally.I excused myself and my child when he awoke from his nap and began to cry. It was only because I had to grab my child s belongings and then make my way out of the aisle I was seated in that I wasn t out of there sooner.I realize Mr. Trump doesn t know me personally, but for those that do, know that I am the first one to excuse myself and my child when he begins to cry because I personally believe it s rude to disturb anyone else s ability to hear what they came to see. I ve left movies, violin recitals, and other events if I felt my child was disturbing others. It is the considerate thing to do. I stood right outside the doors of the auditorium continuing to watch and listen to what Mr. Trump had to say. In fact, the police that were right outside in the same hallway with me, treated me with so much respect it was incredible. They were so kind and made me feel welcomed to stand with them.One officer commended me on my bravery to bring my child to Mr. Trump s rally.I fully support Mr. Trump. I thought he responded very graciously to my child crying and he made a lighthearted moment out of what I usually consider to be stressful. I actually was out of the auditorium before he even made his follow up comment about my child and even then, when I was informed of his comment,I laughed. I understand he says things jokingly, and I understand no one wants to speak over or struggle to listen over a crying baby.I am in no way offended and I again reiterate, Mr. Trump NEVER kicked me or my child out of the Briar Woods High School, Trump rally.And for the record, while my child and I stood outside of the auditorium, my eleven year old stepdaughter and my Grandmother sat inside the auditorium and continued to support and listen to everything Mr. Trump had to say.We all were so excited to be able to see Mr. Trump so close to home. I didn t have a babysitter to watch my kids and honestly, to me it was a historical moment that I am happy that my kids were there for.I apologize for the trouble this has caused Mr.Trump. The media has severely blown this out of proportion and made it out to be something that it wasn t and is clearly using this as political gain for the Democratic party.I hope this message sheds light to what really happened.Thank you for your time. Best of luck! You have our vote. Trump 2016 Via: Facebook",0
20157,WOW! Sheriff Clarke DESTROYS Lie That Obama Is Helping Black Community With BRUTALLY HONEST Commentary On This Photo-Op,"Sheriff Clarke better beef up his security detail after Obama and his Democrat friends sees this truth bomb! Kid, I got everything ready for you, food stamps, failing pubic schools, inescapable poverty, unemployment, crime. pic.twitter.com/Le2KyibUvP  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) August 6, 2016",0
20158,BRAVO! CONSERVATIVE ACTOR TOM SELLECK Sets Flag Burner Straight In This Powerful Video,"Conservative Republican actor and outspoken NRA member, Tom Selleck uses his role on Blue Bloods, a CBS hit TV show to show the world what patriotism looks like.The episode is titled  Flags of Our Fathers,  and in it Selleck s conservative character Frank Reagan comes in contact with a crazed liberal named Gore, who organizes a protest to burn the American flag at a veteran s memorial.According to Conservative Tribune, Reagan tried to talk Gore out of burning the American flag, telling him that he will lose any sympathy for his message by burning the flag. The liberal, however, won t hear any of it and moves forward with burning the flag. Before he leaves, Reagan tells Gore that only a fool seeks peace by inciting violence.Just as Reagan predicted, the riot incites violence and Gore tries to blame the police for not protecting him. Reagan shot him down fast, telling him that the cops did their jobs. When the liberal announces plans to do another similar protest, Reagan then gives him a firm dose of reality. That flag, that you consider a prop and a stunt, has draped the coffins of Americans who died to give you the right to ignore that sacrifice,  Selleck s character said.  You re spitting on their graves. This scene rings especially true today, when Obama s race-baiters are constantly burning the American flag. We applaud Selleck for courageously telling this story despite the threat of liberal backlash!Via: Mr. Conservative",0
20159,2016 OLYMPIC OPENING CEREMONY Slips Some Politics Into The Show In RIO,"Did you watch the opening ceremony of the 2016 Olympics in Rio last night? If you did, you probably picked up on some politics slipped into the ceremony. A snoozer on global warming with tons of propaganda was a buzz kill for even those who ve bought into the scam. Also, a bit of colonialism thrown in Overall, with a very small budget, the opening ceremony was great but please, please keep the focus on the athletes! Politicizing the Olympics ruins the spirit of the games!The beginning presented us with HUGE spiders And then super model Giselle walked and walked and walked And then this giant dance number with dancers that look like Teletubbies?Then the ceremony went from this wild Brazilian dance party to a sad trombone .and GLOBAL WARMING PROPAGANDA! UGH!One of the biggest hits of the night on social media was this guy from Tonga John Kerry couldn t quite figure out how to take a photo   he s pulling a Bill Clinton with that open mouth look of cluelessness Each team was introduced by Oops! The Saudis might not like a woman driving Finally! The best part of the night TEAM USA!Michael Phelps proudly brought in our flag! ",0
20160,CHAMPION OF FOREIGN WORKERS: Hillary Gets Standing Ovation In India…”There’s No Way To Legislate Against Outsourcing” [VIDEO],"Every union member who believes the Democrats are looking out for them needs to remember, that President Bill Clinton signed the NAFTA agreement and Hillary defended the outsourcing of American jobs Ladies and gentlemen Here she is, the champion of the foreign worker in 2005: https://twitter.com/magnifier661/status/761359175716712448Is it any wonder Indian gave her a standing ovation?Here s the full gut-wrenching video:",0
20161,TRUMP SPOKESPERSON THREATENS Trump Rally On Martha’s Vineyard During Obama’s Vacation,"If the Trump campaign arranges a rally while Obama is vacationing on Martha s Vineyard, there will be an awful lot of people making road trips to Massachusetts Trump campaign social media director Dan Scavino, Jr. raised the possibility of the Trump campaign holding a rally on Martha s Vineyard during President Barack Obama s two week vacation there that starts on Saturday.Scavino made the statement on Twitter in response to CBS News reporter Mark Knoller s tweet about Obama s vacation plans.POTUS has it made! We should have a #TrumpRally on the Vineyard next week #TrumpTrain  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/zTmRT6mYy3  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) August 5, 2016Via: GP",0
20162,LOL! HILLARY ACCIDENTALLY Calls Trump Her “Husband” [VIDEO],Below the belt h/t Weasel Zippers,0
20163,WATCH: IRAN Made VIDEOTAPE Of Secret $400 Million Ransom Cash-Drop From U.S. To Mock Obama’s Embarrassing Incompetence [VIDEO],"It s starting to get old but Trump was right again   Iranian state-run media in Tehran did indeed videotape the arrival of a January 17 flight carrying $400 million in cash from the United States   and the money itself   judging from a documentary that aired the following month in the Islamic republic. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has been in a firestorm of controversy since first claiming on Wednesday to have seen  secret  footage of money being offloaded from an aircraft.He admitted Friday morning on Twitter what his campaign had said more than a day earlier, that he had seen ordinary archival footage of a different plane, carrying American hostages freed from Iran arriving in Geneva Switzerland after the money changed hands. But it turns out he may have been right without knowing it.The Iranian video was aired February 15 on the state-run Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting television network, as part of a documentary called  Rules of the Game.  A narrator, speaking in Persian, describes a money-for-hostages transaction over video clips of a plane on an airport tarmac in the dead of night and a photo of a giant shipping pallet stacked with what appear to be banknotes.The federal government shipped what many are calling a ransom payment in Euros and other non-U.S. currencies.The copy of the documentary footage DailyMail.com obtained is not of high enough quality to determine which nation s banknotes are depicted.None of the footage is stamped with a date or time, making it impossible to know when it was shot.And the broadcaster blurred out one portion of the screen, covering up something resting on top of the mountain of money.But the documentary begins with a narration saying:  In the early morning hours of January 17, 2016 at Mehrabad Airport, $400 million in cash was transported to Iran on an airplane. The film describes the Obama administration s prisoner swap and Iran s cash windfall from Tehran s point of view as  a win-lose deal that benefits the Islamic Republic of Iran and hurts the United States,  according to two English-language translations DailyMail.com obtained. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20164,WOW! ANOTHER YOUNG MAN Found DEAD After Serving DNC With Papers In Fraud Suit On Behalf Of Bernie Sanders [VIDEO],"That s the third suspicious death of a man tied in some way to Hillary. Does anyone in law enforcement have an accurate body count of suspicious deaths tied to Hillary? We recently questioned the suspicious murder of 27 year old Democrat Data Director Seth Rich, as he was walking home through his affluent Washington DC neighborhood. He was beaten and shot in the back, but apparently nothing of any value was taken from his body, which would likely mean robbery was not a motive. If robbery wasn t a motive and the police still have no clues what exactly was the motive for his brutal murder? In our previous article, we explored the possibility that he may have been about to blow the whistle on voter fraud. Does anyone have an actual tally of the number of people who had ties to the Clintons that ended up dead? Now Bernie Sanders supporter and activist Shawn Lucas is found dead.On July 3, 2016, Shawn Lucas and filmmaker Ricardo Villaba served the DNC Services Corp. and Chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz at DNC s headquarters in Washington, D.C., in the fraud class action suit against the Democrat Party on behalf of Bernie Sanders supporters.Shawn Lucas was thrilled about serving the papers to the DNC before Independence Day.According to Snopes Lucas was found dead on his bathroom floor.We contacted Lucas  employer on 4 August 2016 to ask whether there was any truth to the rumor. According to an individual with whom we spoke at that company, Shawn Lucas died on 2 August 2016. The audibly and understandably shaken employee stated that interest in the circumstances of Lucas  death had prompted a number of phone calls and other queries, but the company had not yet ascertained any details about Lucas  cause of death and were unable to confirm anything more than the fact he had passed away.An unconfirmed report holds that Lucas was found lying on the bathroom floor by his girlfriend when she returned home on the evening of 2 August 2016. Paramedics responding to her 911 call found no signs of life.** This was before Wikileaks released documents proving the DNC was working against the Sanders campaign during the 2016 primary.Shawn Lucas was found dead this week.This follows the death of 27 year-old Democratic staffer Seth Conrad Rich who was murdered in Washington DC on July 8. The killer or killers appear to have taken nothing from their victim, leaving behind his wallet, watch and phone. Shortly after the killing, Redditors and social media users were pursuing a  lead  saying that Rich was en route to the FBI the morning of his murder, apparently intending to speak to special agents about an  ongoing court case  possibly involving the Clinton family.Watch here:And on June 22, 2016, former UN official John Ashe  accidentally  crushed his own throat and died a week before he was scheduled to testify against the Clintons and Democrat Party.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
20165,AWESOME LETTER TO OBAMA: Who is unfit to be president?,"Did anyone else think it was the ultimate irony that Obama came out and declared Trump to be  unfit  to be president? Here s a great piece by Jack Cashill that is a letter from Trump to Obama regarding the comment: Please read and share because THIS is the Clinton dirty laundry list to send to your Trump doubters!Jack Cashill drafts letter from Trump to Obama about his candidate .Dear President Obama:It has come to my attention that you have deemed me, Donald Trump,  unfit  to be president of the United States.Yet here you are, championing Hillary Clinton, the most conspicuously corrupt aspirant to the presidency since Aaron Burr. And I m unfit?Your candidate, as you know, was called out by FBI Director James Comey before Congress for misleading the public about sending classified documents through email, using a single device to send them, returning classified documents to the State Department and deleting work-related emails. And I m unfit?This same candidate was called out by the Washington Post just this past Sunday for lying   four Pinocchio s worth   to Fox News  Chris Wallace about Comey s comments. And I m unfit? Your candidate, as Comey strongly implied, would not be eligible for minimum security clearance were she not president. And I m unfit?In the week before the FBI  cleared  your candidate, your attorney general   Comey s boss   had a wildly inappropriate clandestine meeting with the candidate s husband. And I m unfit?Less than two weeks ago, WikiLeaks revealed that your candidate colluded with the DNC to rig the primary process against Bernie Sanders. And I m unfit?Your candidate lied to the families of those killed at Benghazi   does it get any lower than that?   telling them that that an online anti-Islam video provoked a mob to attack the U.S. mission in Benghazi. And I m unfit?To sell the lie, your candidate had the videomaker   an American citizen   imprisoned for a year. And I m unfit?As Peter Schweizer reported in his 2015 book,  Clinton Cash,   During Hillary s years of public service, the Clintons have conducted or facilitated hundreds of large transactions  with foreign governments and individuals.  Some of these transactions have put millions in their own pockets    $136.5 million to be precise. And I m unfit?According to the Washington Post, the Clintons left the White House in 2001  with an unprecedented $190,027 worth of gifts received over the last eight years.  After the Post revelation, the Clintons had to cough up $86,000 for items that were actually government property and returned $48,000 worth of furniture. And I m unfit?Leftist Christopher Hitchens said of the your candidate in his indispensable book,  No One Left to Lie To,   Like him, she is not just a liar but a lie; a phony construct of shreds and patches and hysterical, self-pitying demagogic improvisations.  And I m unfit?In 1999, to facilitate your candidate s run for the U.S. Senate in New York, President Clinton sprung 16 unrepentant Puerto Rican terrorists. Resolutions condemning the president s action were passed with a vote of 95-2 in the Senate. And I m unfit?Says Linda Tripp of your candidate,  Hillary was not only aware of Monica Lewinsky, she ensured that Monica was removed from the White House and in the end went from being a lack luster first lady with unimpressive approval numbers to wronged wife.  Of course, Hillary claimed to have known nothing about the affair. And I m unfit?By the way, your candidate s husband was impeached for lying under oath and obstructing justice. And I m unfit?After the 1994 Democratic implosion, it was your candidate who called in Dick Morris to get her husband re-elected. To fund Morris  TV campaigns, she helped orchestrate what Sen. Fred Thompson called  the most corrupt political campaign in modern history.  And I m unfit?According to the Thompson committee, your candidate and her co-conspirators  took advantage of minority groups, pulled down all the barriers that would normally be in place to keep out illegal contributions, pressured policy makers, and left themselves open to strong suspicion that they were selling not only access to high-ranking officials, but policy as well.  And I m unfit?To hoover up cash from corporate insiders, your candidate and her husband sold seats on foreign trade missions. In the process, they ruthlessly exploited the deeply compromised Commerce Secretary Ron Brown, the one African-American in the Cabinet. Although sick of being  a mother-f -ing tour guide for Hillary Clinton,  he went reluctantly to Croatia to cut a deal between the neo-fascists who ran the country and the Enron Corporation. Look it up. He never came back. And I m unfit?One major reason for the Democratic electoral collapse in 1994 was your candidate s mismanagement of a massive health care task force. Said the liberal New Yorker of the illegal decision to keep task force meetings secret,  It is hard to believe that this decision did not emanate from Hillary Clinton   it was in keeping with her natural bent. She trusted few, and secrecy was a means of maintaining control.  And I m unfit?In a 1996 New York Times op-ed titled  Blizzard of Lies,  the usually restrained William Safire famously called your candidate  a congenital liar  for her involvement in the commodity trading scandal, the obstruction of justice in the investigation of Vince Foster s death, the Whitewater affair and two grubby in-house scandals known as  Travelgate  and  Filegate.  And I m unfit? We reached out to them,  your candidate told 60 Minutes in 1992 of the women rumored to have dallied with or been assaulted by her husband. Among the women  reached out  to was Sally Perdue, who was told by a Clinton goon that if she talked to the media,  He couldn t guarantee what would happen to my pretty little legs.  And I m unfit? Hillary tried to silence me,  Juanita Broaddrick wrote of your candidate. She had reason to keep Broaddrick quiet. Her husband had raped Broaddrick in a Little Rock hotel room. And I m unfit to be president, really?I may be seriously imperfect, Mr. President, but I have never compromised the nation s secrets, sent an innocent man to prison, or enabled a rapist.As to what gives you the right to question my fitness, that I will save for another day.Via: Conservative Treehouse",0
20166,DANA LOESCH RIPS INTO OBAMA AND HILLARY: Why Gun Control BUT Not Prisoner Control [Video],"Dana Loesch gives us the lowdown on what would happen to our Second Amendment with a Hillary presidency please watch and share! Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama regularly call for more Second Amendment restrictions. But yesterday, the president cut short the sentences of 214 convicts   56 of whom were in prison for gun-related crimes. In the words of Dana Loesch,  We don t need gun control. We need judicial control. We need politician control.  ",0
20167,CNN IS EVIL: Carol Costello FAILS When Benghazi Dad Flips Script On Her…#BoycottCNN,"Charles Woods, father of U.S. Navy SEAL Tyrone Woods, who was killed during the Benghazi attack, appeared on CNN Tuesday. CNN Newsroom host Carol Costello repeatedly badgered him about Donald Trump s feud with Khizr Khan, and whether Trump should apologize. I know who should apologize, and that would be Hillary Clinton, for lying to the American families who lost their loved ones as well as to the American public,  Woods said.",0
20168,WOW! TRUMP HELPS HILLARY SEE Her First Big Crowd…You Won’t Want To Miss This! [VIDEO],"Hillary s crowds have been nothing short of abysmal since she first announced she was running. Trump s crowds on the other hand, have been enormous! The video below shows Trump giving Hillary a little preview of what s its like to have thousands of people who actually who actually want to hear you speak Who says Trump isn t a team player?Trump helps Hillary see her first large crowd! @MiceeMouse @BlissTabitha @CarmineZozzora @Lrihendry @BarbMuenchen pic.twitter.com/oWWaPJBjIy  Bickle #AmericaFirst (@michaelbickle) August 4, 2016",0
20169,WHOA! CHRIS MATTHEWS DEFIES Liberal Media Script…Says FBI Director Didn’t Exonerate Hillary: “There Is A Difference Between Acquittal And Innocence”,"LOL! Chris  thrill up his leg  Matthews does his best to convince Steve Cortez, a Trump surrogate that he s not part of the liberal mainstream media. Matthew s boasts that over his decades long career as a political hack, he s criticized Al Gore s campaign and even gasp criticized Bill Clinton s elicit affair with a young intern. In reality, he criticized Al Gore s campaign because he lost to George W. Bush and even wth the full-force of the crooked Democrat party behind him, they couldn t find a way to make the numbers work in Gore s favor during the hotly contested recount in Florida. We re not even going to comment on the Clinton-Lewinsky scandal. The only reason the media didn t embarrass Hillary for habitually enabling her husband to sexually assault any female who was unfortunate enough to get caught behind a closed door with her rapist husband, is because they always knew this day was coming. They always knew Hillary would scratch and claw her way through any criminal controversy and find herself at the top of the Democrat Party as the  anointed one .But oh yeah back to Chris Matthews and his  objectivity  when it comes to the Clintons:As a side note, here s Chris being  objective  on Hillary in March, 2016:",0
20170,RUDY GIULIANI JUST BLEW Hillary’s Phony “Khantroversy” WIDE Open…A RANT The Clinton Camp Won’t Want Americans To See [VIDEO]," To me, this is the logo of the Obama administration, bowing to dictators and bowing to terrorists. The liberal media has been relentless in their attack of Donald Trump over his justified response to Khizr Khan s disparaging and misleading remarks during his speech at the DNC in Cleveland last month. Meanwhile they ignore the fact that Obama and Hillary are selling America s national security to terrorist nations like Iran.Khan s speech was intended to make Donald Trump look like a bigot, an isolationist and an anti-American. Fortunately, the mainstream media isn t the only source of news Americans have anymore. Many in the conservative media have been exposing the truth about Mr. Khan since he went off the rails on his Trump bashing speech that night. Following his speech, many Americans with military ties felt compelled to respond. A US Marine and former Navy vet wrote a blistering letter to Mr. Khan. A mother of an active duty soldier wrote a powerful letter refuting Khan s words and questioning his intentions. As it turns out, they were correct about his politically motivated intentions. Khan s ties to the Clintons, the Saudi s and the Muslim Brotherhood are pretty alarming.WATCH HERE:https://youtu.be/xEZUYJSnIk0",0
20171,MEGYN KELLY CONTINUES HER OBSESSION With Trump…ANGRY He Won’t Apologize To Hillary’s “Khan Man” [VIDEO],"We can t be certain, but it almost looked like Megyn had blood coming out of her eyes during her interview with the soft-spoken and sensible Dr. Ben Carson Megyn Kelly pressed Dr. Ben Carson to explain why the Khan family should apologize to Donald Trump, instead of the other way around.Carson said that the Khans said things that are  false,  like that Trump had never read the Constitution.When Kelly said that Khizr Khan was stating his opinion, Carson said that was  unreasonable. Kelly said that she knew Carson as an  empathetic  and  kind  man, and asked him if he  really believe that this Gold Star Family should apologize to Donald Trump   that has sacrificed their son to protect this nation, that were viciously attacked by the presidential nominee   that they owe him an apology? Carson responded that society has gotten itself into a  tug of war  where people try to demonize each other, and that Trump and the Khans need to realize that they are on the same side. Via: Fox News ",0
20172,VETERAN WHO GAVE TRUMP His Purple Heart Explains Why He Did It…SHUTS DOWN Critics [VIDEO]," He asked me if I wanted it back and I said,  no!' The veteran who gave Donald Trump his Purple Heart medal during a campaign rally in Ashburn, Virginia, on Tuesday joined Jenna Lee on  Happening Now  to explain his gesture.Retired Lt. Col. Louis Dorfman said that he gave Trump his medal because he wants the Republican nominee to remember all the people who have fought and died for our country.Dorfman said that when he shook Trump s hand and gave him the medal, they had a very  genuine  moment.Lee asked Dorfman about Trump s controversial remark upon receiving the medal:  I always wanted to get the Purple Heart. This was much easier. He took it in the manner in which I gave is,  Dorfman said, adding that Trump wasn t trying to be offensive with his comment.Why do you believe in him? Lee asked. I just think he d make a good commander-in-chief,  Dorfman said.  I like what he says. WATCH HERE:Via: FOX News",0
20173,HILLARY GOT DESTROYED By Chris Wallace On FOX News…But That Wasn’t The End Of It…Laura Ingraham Followed Up With A KNOCK Out Punch [VIDEO],"Hillary shouldn t be on FOX News giving interviews She should be in jail! Queen Hillary didn t quite get the same treatment from FOX News  Chris Wallace as she gets when she visits MSNBC s Chris Matthews!Hillary Clinton acknowledges that Americans have a legitimate concern about her trustworthiness, particularly related to her email scandal and the Benghazi terror attacks, but criticized those who have attempted to undermine her Democratic presidential campaign and make a  caricature  out of her, in an exclusive interview with  Fox News Sunday. I think that it s fair for Americans to have questions,  Clinton said, in an interview taped Saturday.  Every time I run for an office, though, oh my goodness, all of these caricatures come out of nowhere. And people begin to undermine me because when I left office as secretary of state, 66 percent of Americans approved of what I do.   FOX Newshttps://youtu.be/G0XAt7aPYBsLaura Ingraham commented on Hillary Clinton s  stunning  interview on Fox News Sunday.Ingraham said Clinton has an  astonishing ability to look into Chris Wallace s eyes  and claim that FBI Director Jim Comey confirmed her statements on her email scandal were  truthful. That comment earned Clinton four  Pinocchios  from the Washington Post s fact-checker.Ingraham said Clinton s aside about her mother loving Fox News was  all well and good, but the fact of the matter is, this is about her tenure as secretary of state. If she didn t know that you couldn t put a government server in your bathroom, then what does Hillary Clinton really know about basic issues of foreign policy? Ingraham added that Clinton apparently  can lie with impunity to most people in the press, other than some of the folks at Fox News.   Fox News",0
20174,SIZE OF CROWDS TRUMP Is Drawing VS HILLARY Proves She’s TOAST [VIDEO],"Earlier this week, it was rumored that Hillary could barely fill a phone booth with supporters at her Ohio rallies, so she ended up cancelling them. The media has no desire to report on the lackluster support of the low-information voter Hillary relies on to send her scratching and clawing to our White House. They also have no desire to report on the thousands of patient Trump supporters who stood in blistering Florida heat waiting in line to see  the outsider  tell them how he was going to keep America safe and bring jobs back to unemployed and under-employed Americans. Here s one of Hillary s biggest media cheerleader s Andrea Mitchell reporting on one of her Ohio stops. Andrea claims Hillary was hitting Donald Trump on  outsourcing bankruptcies & promises to tackle systemic racism.  Check out the empty seats. My kids have bigger turnouts at their neighborhood lemonade stands.In Ohio @HillaryClinton hits @realDonaldTrump on outsourcing bankruptcies & promises to tackle systemic racism pic.twitter.com/cckJuvgFjf  Andrea Mitchell (@mitchellreports) July 31, 2016Compare Hillary s few supporters in Ohio to Trump s massive crowds in the other swing state of Florida:.@realDonaldTrump welcoming in Daytona Beach, Florida w/ the Ocean Center Convention packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain pic.twitter.com/S0312wMvw0  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) August 3, 2016Big crowd for Trump in Daytona Beach, Florida pic.twitter.com/raTVcxUONl  Jonathan Lemire (@JonLemire) August 3, 2016In Daytona Beach, Trump supporters young and old sport shirts calling for Hillary to be locked up pic.twitter.com/j9g7GmlwrD  Jonathan Lemire (@JonLemire) August 3, 2016The scene here in Daytona ahead of Trump rally pic.twitter.com/06mia0qhMT  Ashley Killough (@KilloughCNN) August 3, 2016",0
20175,WOW! Watch Side By Side Comparison Of Hillary’s LIES Next To FBI Director’s Report On Email Scandal [VIDEO],This video is truly one of the best examples of how Hillary lies and manipulates low-information voters into believing she is innocent of any wrongdoing even when it is crystal clear she is guilty ,0
20176,“HILL”ARIOUS…MUST SEE! IOWA PARADE GOERS Treated To “Hillary In Prison” Float…Water Balloon Passed Out To Throw At Her," HILL larious! If this was a Donald Trump pi ata, the media would be all over this story, making sure the entire country knew how unpopular he was in midwestern America. But since these creative Iowan s choose to put Hillary in jail, which makes an undeniable statement about her credibility, you will likely only see this story here and a few other news sources who are willing to show you what real Americans think about Hillary Kyle Julin. of Manilla, pulls his Hillary Clinton-masked friend Adam Corky, of Odeboldt, through the parade during the Arcadia Fire Department s 100th Anniversary Celebration on Saturday. The group received both accolades and criticisms for handing out water ballons to throw at the candidate. (Carrolls Paper)IT GETS BETTER The men were handing out WATER BALLOONS to throw at the caged Hillary!It was a typical summer celebration in small-town Iowa. The sun was shining on children carrying bags full of candy as the Arcadia Fire Department was celebrating its 100th anniversary on Saturday with a parade, a party in the park and a big water fight that would serve as the grand finale.A young blond boy, no more than 8 years old, ran out into the street near the intersection of West Center and South Gault streets because one float was handing out water balloons. The child grabbed his balloon, took aim and did his best Nolan Ryan impression as he fired the balloon at a man dressed in an orange jumpsuit and Hillary Clinton mask while standing on a platform inside bars, fencing and barbed wire above a  Hillary For Prison  sign tacked onto the side.Bull s eye.The prideful smile of a job well done was written all over the boy s face.Some in the crowd were laughing and cheering as the float rolled by, but others could be heard moaning and grumbling that it was  over the top  or  a bit too much. It was my idea,  Kyle Julin of Manilla said.  Pretty much me and Josh (Reetz). It took us about a day-and-a-half to build. Julin said he, Reetz and Adam Corky (Clinton impersonator) are not affiliated with any official political organization. Julin said he s an independent and as of March 2014 Reetz was a registered Democrat.Julin said the crew had been throwing around the idea of entering the parade for a while.Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
20177,BREAKING: OBAMA COMMUTES 67 Prisoners Serving Life Sentences…214 Federal Prisoners In Total,"Making America Unsafe Again It s the Obama legacy. During his two terms in office, Obama released more prisoners than all nine Presidents before him combined. He s not just flooding our local communities and major cities with felons, he s flooding America s  red states  with illegal aliens and unvetted Muslim immigrants from countries who hate us, all to ensure Democrat Party dominance. President Barack Obama on Wednesday cut short the sentences of 214 federal inmates, including 67 life sentences, in what the White House called the largest batch of commutations on a single day in more than a century.Almost all the prisoners were serving time for nonviolent drug crimes, reflecting Obama s long-stated view that the U.S. needs to remedy the consequences of decades of sentencing requirements that put tens of thousands of Americans behind bars for far too long. Obama has pushed for a broader fix to criminal justice laws and has used the aggressive pace of his commutations in an effort to pressure Congress and call more attention to the issue.All told, Obama has commuted 562 sentences during his presidency   more than the past nine presidents combined, the White House said. Almost 200 of those who have benefited were serving life sentences.  Fox News",0
20178,YOU LIE! OBAMA SECRETLY PAID $400 MILLION Ransom To IRAN For Release Of Americans…BRAGGED About “Diplomatic Breakthrough” With Iran,"US Congressman Joe Wilson was right! Obama is a liar His reckless and amateur decisions have made America more unsafe than we have ever been. Now he s asking Americans to vote for Hillary to ensure his lawless legacy lives on The Obama administration secretly organized an airlift of $400 million worth of cash to Iran that coincided with the January release of four Americans detained in Tehran, according to U.S. and European officials and congressional staff briefed on the operation afterward.Wooden pallets stacked with euros, Swiss francs and other currencies were flown into Iran on an unmarked cargo plane, according to these officials. The U.S. procured the money from the central banks of the Netherlands and Switzerland, they said.The money represented the first installment of a $1.7 billion settlement the Obama administration reached with Iran to resolve a decades-old dispute over a failed arms deal signed just before the 1979 fall of Iran s last monarch, Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.The settlement, which resolved claims before an international tribunal in The Hague, also coincided with the formal implementation that same weekend of the landmark nuclear agreement reached between Tehran, the U.S. and other global powers the summer before. With the nuclear deal done, prisoners released, the time was right to resolve this dispute as well,  President Barack Obama said at the White House on Jan. 17 without disclosing the $400 million cash payment.Senior U.S. officials denied any link between the payment and the prisoner exchange. They say the way the various strands came together simultaneously was coincidental, not the result of any quid pro quo. As we ve made clear, the negotiations over the settlement of an outstanding claim were completely separate from the discussions about returning our American citizens home,  State Department spokesman John Kirby said.  Not only were the two negotiations separate, they were conducted by different teams on each side, including, in the case of The Hague claims, by technical experts involved in these negotiations for many years. But U.S. officials also acknowledge that Iranian negotiators on the prisoner exchange said they wanted the cash to show they had gained something tangible.Sen. Tom Cotton, a Republican from Arkansas and a fierce foe of the Iran nuclear deal, accused President Barack Obama of paying  a $1.7 billion ransom to the ayatollahs for U.S. hostages. This break with longstanding U.S. policy put a price on the head of Americans, and has led Iran to continue its illegal seizures  of Americans, he said.Since the cash shipment, the intelligence arm of the Revolutionary Guard has arrested two more Iranian-Americans. Tehran has also detained dual-nationals from France, Canada and the U.K. in recent months.At the time of the prisoner release, Secretary of State John Kerry and the White House portrayed it as a diplomatic breakthrough. Mr. Kerry cited the importance of  the relationships forged and the diplomatic channels unlocked over the course of the nuclear talks. For entire story: Wall Street JournalAs a bonus, here is Rep. Joe Wilson calling out Barack Obama on one of his many lies:",0
20179,WATCH WHAT HAPPENS When Guy Makes Undercover Video: Applies For Min Wage Jobs…Says He’s “Under FBI Investigation” [VIDEO],"YouTuber Joey Salads makes brilliant undercover video to illustrate the idiocy of the narrative put forth by the Left that American voters shouldn t consider that Hillary has been under FBI investigation (she s actually been under some sort of criminal investigation pretty much her entire adult life).We are about to select the next President of the United States of America   her history, and her extreme disregard for the rule of law and our national security actually does matter.Watch what happens when this poor guy tries to get a minimum wage job after he comes clean about his current FBI investigation status:",0
20180,WOW! BLACK LIVES MATTER MOB Celebrating NYC Police Commissioner’s Announcement To Step Down ATTACKS Trump Supporter While Police Watch [VIDEO],"The domestic terror group is at it again Watch photographers vie for the best angle while watching an aggressive, hateful group of angry protesters attack a lone man for simply wearing a Trump hat vying hat. Not one of these  men  offered to help this person who appears to be by himself. Meanwhile, cops stand around and allow and innocent man to be assaulted. What has happened to our America?A young white man wearing one of Donald Trump s red  Make America Great Again!  hats was violently forced out of New York City s City Hall Park by a screaming Leftist racist mob of predominantly self-described  black and brown  activists all while police stood by and did nothing.The mob was gathered to protest police as part of a  #ShutDownCityHallNYC  rally in the park. -Via: GPYou ve gotta love how the apparent leader of this mob tells the innocent Trump supporter,  We do not condone violence  while grasping a hat they took from him and only moments before he is shoved by the mob.Watch:Huge crowd of protesters escort out #Trump supporter at #ShutDownCityHallNYC pic.twitter.com/zHgD50mcXb  Alex Rubinstein (@RealAlexRubi) August 1, 2016And then Trump supporter shows up, gets pushed out to chants of ""racist"" #ShutdownCityHallNYC @DNAinfoNY pic.twitter.com/Oj2oE97m2H  Irene Plagianos (@IrenePlagianos) August 2, 2016Black Lives Matter thugs celebrated the announcement that New York City Police Commissioner Bill Bratton will step down in September.Bratton will take a job in the private sector, but he did not name the company.The resignation announcement comes a day after 200 anti-police protesters gathered in City Hall Park to demand the NYPD be defunded and Bratton be fired.NYPD Chief of Department James O Neill is set to replace Bratton, 68, who has been in his current post since December 2013. Bratton also served as New York s top cop from 1994 to 1996 and was Chief of the LAPD from 2002 to 2009.During his first tenure as commissioner, under Mayor Rudolph Giuliani in the early 1990s, Bratton was credited with driving down crime with a widely copied, data-driven, crime-fighting strategy before his brash style made him an annoyance to the mayor, who forced him out.Though de Blasio was elected as a sharp critic of a police strategy known as stop-and-frisk   which raised concerns over racial profiling and privacy rights   he picked Bratton as a sign that he would balance reform and further drive down crime. When you see a policeman, remember that he is your friend,  Bratton said Tuesday.  That s the vision and that s the passion that I ve had for 45 years.  -Via FOX NewsA toast to Bill Bratton's resignation at #ShutDownCityHallNYC. Video by @SoellerPower pic.twitter.com/S7KdtnrdgW  Alex Rubinstein (@RealAlexRubi) August 2, 2016 ",0
20181,ATTENTION BAD GUYS With Weapons: There Are NO MORE SITTING DUCKS At Colleges In This State,"Just a little dose of common sense Guns save lives.A new law went into effect in Texas on Monday that allows certain students to bring guns into classrooms, with supporters saying it could prevent mass shootings and critics saying the measure will endanger safety on campuses.The so-called state  campus carry  law allows people 21 and older with a concealed handgun license to carry pistols in classrooms and buildings throughout public colleges, including the University of Texas system, one of the nation s largest with an enrollment of more than 214,000 students.The law took effect on the 50th anniversary of one of the deadliest U.S. gun incidents on a college campus, when a student named Charles Whitman killed 16 people by firing from a perch atop the clock tower at the University of Texas at Austin, the state s flagship public university.Texas Governor Greg Abbott, a Republican who supports campus carry, said a gunman could already bring a firearm on to campus, and the law could prevent mass shootings because someone with a licensed concealed weapon could be ready to confront a gunman. Via: NYP",0
20182,WATCH: UNHINGED CLINTON SUPPORTER Knocks Elderly Man To Ground After He Tries To Stop Him From Burning U.S. Flag [VIDEO],"Hillary s lawless, anti-American supporters were clearly just trying to promote that unity she spoke of during her brilliant DNC speech Police say that a Clinton supporter lit a flag on fire near a group of Trump supporters and attacked a man near the Clinton-Kaine event downtown Saturday afternoon.The incident happened at the intersection of 10th Street and Penn Avenue around 4 p.m.According to a criminal complaint, police were told Joshua Sturman was in the area to support Hillary Clinton, who spoke at a rally at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center later that afternoon. A group of Trump supporters had gathered on the opposing sidewalk in what police say was a peaceful assembly.Sturman crossed the street and walked into the middle of the group of Trump supporters. The criminal complaint says the members of the group were standing close to one another, shoulder-to-shoulder. The complaint says Sturman then pulled out a flag and began to light it on fire.The Trump supporters attempted to put out the fire, which  enraged  Sturman. Sturman then threw a Trump supporter to the ground and attempted to jump on top of him. Bystanders alerted nearby officers, and police removed Sturman and placed him under detention.  Pittsburgh CBS Local  h/t Gateway PunditHere s Hillary s  historic B.S. unity speech. Maybe these guys were busy burning American flags while she gave it:Watch the first minute. Hillary s  unity  speech starts at the 18 second mark:https://youtu.be/fTtVQfwEx54",0
20183,FLASHBACK…UNDERCOVER VIDEO SHOWS HILLARY Telling Top Donor She Stopped Using Email Because Of So Many Investigations: “Why would I want to do email? Can you imagine?”,"This is a shocking story of corruption and collusion even for a Clinton. Hillary should ve been locked up for this one but instead, her campaign finance director takes the fall. How ironic that Hillary would admit to a top donor that she doesn t do emails because of being under so many investigations. That must be a badge of honor for a Democrat .No matter the size of the scandal, Hillary and Bill always find some magical way to escape prosecution. The scandal seen in the undercover video below shows movie producer Peter Paul discussing emails with Hillary Clinton. Paul claims he spent $2 million to produce a major fundraising event for Hillary. Peter Paul admits he hosted the event in order to  gain access  to the Clintons. The campaign laws that were in effect at that time limited campaign gifts to $2,000.Watch Peter Paul s stunning story below:Peter Paul s  whistleblower  site explains the timeline and the significance of the  smoking gun  video.After [Paul] began to blow the whistle in March, 2001, to four US prosecutors on Hillary s role in the false FEC reports filed by her campaign that hid more than $1.2 million in his expenditures, the Attorney General[ s office ] launched a four year investigation leading to the indictment and trial of Hillary s finance director, David Rosen, in May 2005, for election law fraud. Rosen was solely indicted for providing information that only he knew was false, to Hillary s treasurer for reporting to the FEC The Federal Judge, Howard Matz, (appointed by the Clintons in 1998) who officiated over the subsequent trial of Rosen in Los Angeles, made ethically questionable statements to the jury, prior to the commencement of the trial, stating unequivocally that Hillary Clinton was not involved in any direct way whatsoever in the illegal fundraiser On Fox News in 2005, Doug Schoen, a former Clinton adviser, said that,  The prosecutors and defense attorneys said she is not involved  Prosecutors made the decision that Mr. Rosen should be tried, it s a fact-based case. It has nothing to do with Senator Clinton. The video appears to directly counter these assertions and instead links Hillary and her aide to the planning of the fundraiser. Hillary Clinton is not a part of this case In fact, if Clinton participated in the planning of the fundraising event, it: would make Paul s substantial contributions a direct donation to her Senate campaign rather than her joint fundraising committee, violating federal statutes that limit  hard money  contributions to a candidate to $2,000 per person. Knowingly accepting or soliciting $25,000 or more in a calendar year is a felony carrying a prison sentence of up to five years In the tape, Clinton is heard via speakerphone thanking Paul, business partner Stan Lee and other colleagues for their efforts in putting together the fundraiser  She also describes the role of longtime aide Kelly Craighead as assisting in day-to-day involvement in preparation for the event as her liaison with Paul and his producers  Craighead, Clinton says,  talks all the time  with Paul,  so she ll be the person to convey whatever I need. The aide s hands-on role is significant, because the law also implicates a candidate if any of his or her agents are involved in coordinating expenditures with a donor  In another portion of the tape, Clinton is heard discussing her direct solicitation of a large contribution from the entertainer Cher. Paul s legal team, the U.S. Justice Foundation, argues the value of Cher s performance alone vastly exceeded the FEC limits The  Hillary Clinton Felony Video The video itself is fascinating. The preface to the tape states that it  shows Hillary Clinton in the process of committing at least four or five felonies under federal election law -Via: Doug Ross JournalPeter Paul filed and won a civil suit against the Clinton s in 2010. The segment below is from the Supreme Court precedent setting film Hillary The Movie by Citizens United, shows the polygraph test taken by Hillary s largest donor, Peter Paul, corroborating his claims the Clintons promised to have Bill Clinton work with his public company in exchange for Paul paying more than $1.2 million to elect Hillary to her first political office. This video supports the allegations in the civil fraud suit filed by Paul in 2003 and settled with the Clintons in 2010. ",0
20184,"HILLARY’S “KHAN MAN”: Who Is KHIZR KHAN? The SHOCKING Truth About His Job, His Ties To Hillary, Saudi Arabia And The Muslim Brotherhood","Clock Boy Part II. When you peel back the rotten Clinton onion, you usually find the scary truth. In the case of the poor believed parents Hillary and the DNC held up as model immigrants, the truth could not be any more damning. We published a letter from a US Marine and Navy veteran earlier today. If you want to know how military members feel about this fraud, check out the letter HERE.Khizr Muazzam Kahn moved from Pakistan to the United Arab Emirates prior to emigrating into the U.S. Kahn is directly affiliated with the advancement of Muslim immigration into the United States.Mr. Kahn runs a law firm in New York called KM Kahn Law Office:Kahn s primary area of expertise -as advertised- is legal aide and legal services for Muslim immigration assistance.Attorney Khizr Kahn also used to work for Hogan, Hartson and Lovells law firm within Washington DC which has direct ties to the Clinton Foundation.Hogan, Hartson, Lovells are one of the lobbying entities for Saudi affairs in Washington DC.[ ] Hogan Lovells LLP, another U.S. firm hired by the Saudis, is registered to work for the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia through 2016, disclosures show. Robert Kyle, a lobbyist from the firm, has bundled $50,850 for Clinton s campaign Many lawyers at Hogan Lovells remember the week in 2004 when U.S. Army Capt. Humayun Khan lost his life to a suicide bomber. Then-Hogan & Hartson attorneys mourned the death because the soldier s father, Khizr Khan, a Muslim American immigrant, was among their beloved colleagues Mr. Khizr Kahn is not some arbitrary Muslim voice called upon randomly to speak at the Democrat National Convention on behalf of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.Attorney Kahn is a well documented, and well compensated, conscript and activist for the advancement of Islamic interests into the United States. So it should come as no surprise to see the Clinton Machine use Kahn to serve both of their interests in this political election season.   The Conservative TreehouseWell, will you look at that! What a coincidence Loretta Lynch was also employed by Hogan and Hartson:It s well known that if the FBI recommends prosecution in the Hillary Clinton email case, the decision will be put in the hands of Attorney General Loretta Lynch.But little known is the fact that Lynch was a litigation partner for eight years at a major Washington law firm that served the Clintons. Lynch was with the Washington-headquartered international law firm Hogan & Hartson LLP from March 2002 through April 2010.According to documents Hillary Clinton s first presidential campaign made public in 2008, Hogan & Harrison s New York-based partner Howard Topaz was the tax lawyer who filed income tax returns for Bill and Hillary Clinton beginning in 2004.  GRThe Muslim who attacked Donald Trump, Khizr Muazzam Khan, is a Muslim Brotherhood agent, working to bring Muslims into the United States. After reading what we discovered so far, it becomes obvious that Khan wanted to  trump  Trump s Muslim immigration policy of limiting Muslim immigration into the U.S.Khizr Muazzam Khan graduated in Punjab University Law College, as the New York Times confirms. He specialized in International Trade Law in Saudi Arabia. An interest lawyer for Islamic oil companies Khan wrote a paper, called In Defense of OPEC to defend the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), an intergovernmental oil company consisting of mainly Islamic countries.But more than this, Khan is a promoter of Islamic Sharia Law in the U.S. He was a co-founder of the Journal of Contemporary Issues in Muslim Law (Islamic Sharia). Khan s fascination with Islamic Sharia stems from his life in Saudi Arabia. During the eighties Khan wrote a paper titled Juristic Classification of Islamic [Sharia] Law. In it he elucidated on the system of Sharia law expressing his reverence for  The Sunnah [the works of Muhammad]   authentic tradition of the Prophet Muhammad (Peace be upon him).  A snapshot of his essay can be seen here:But Khan s fascination with Islam isn t the only issue. What is more worrisome is that at the bottom of the intro, Khan shows his appreciation and the source of his work and gives credit to an icon of the Muslim Brotherhood: The contribution to this article of S. Ramadan s writing is greatly acknowledged. This alone speaks volumes. Khan used the works of S. Ramadan to lay his foundation for his inspiration regarding the promotion of Sharia. S. Ramadan is Said Ramadan, head of the Islamic Center in Geneva and a major icon of the Muslim Brotherhood, the grandson of Hassan Al-Banna the founder and hero of the Muslim Brotherhood which spread terrorism throughout the world.In regards to his son and his sacrifice, on the other side of the coin, many were the  Muslim martyrs  who joined the US military. Ali Abdul Saoud Mohamed, for example, enlisted in the Special Forces of the US Army; he was a double agent for Al-Qaeda. How about Hasan K. Akbar, a Muslim American soldier who murdered and injured fifteen soldiers. There was Bowe Bergdahl, an American Muslim soldier who deserted his men to join the Taliban, a desertion which led to six American being ambushed and killed while they were on the search looking for him. And of course the example of Nidal Malik Hassan, who murdered fourteen Americans in cold blood in Fort Hood. What about infiltration into the U.S. military like Taha Jaber Al-Alwani, a major Muslim thinker for the Muslim Minority Affairs, an icon of the Abedin family (Hillary s aid Human) who, while he served in U.S. military, called on arming Muslims to fight the U.S? Al-Alwani is an IMMA (Institute of Muslims Minority Affairs) favorite, Taha Jaber al-Alwani, whom the Abedins say is the source for their doctrine (see Abedins-Meii-Kampf) is an ardent anti-Semite who by the way, runs the United States Department of Defense program (out of all places) for training Muslim military chaplains in the U.S. military. Via: Shoebat.com ",0
20185,VIDEO SHOWS SCARY TRUTH About What Decades Of Democrat Ruled #DETROIT Looks Like Today…While Dem Mayor Tells Glowing Story Of “Success”,"We live near the city of Detroit, and anyone could literally drive around for an entire week and see the very same sights as this amateur videographer took. The brilliance of this video is the narration by Detroit s Democrat Mayor Duggan. He revisits the tired old  hope and change  that we all heard 8 years ago, only this time, Hillary s going to fix it. There are no jobs in Detroit. The manufacturing has been shipped overseas. There is little hope in the city of Detroit, because every time the city gets a large infusion of cash, someone from the Democrat Party is there to mismanage the money or use it in ways it was never intended to be used. Of course, we in the suburbs continue to bail out the schools and bail out those who can t (or won t) pay their water bills.  Meanwhile, principals and anyone who has access to Detroit school funds are stealing the from money designated for the kids, while stories of corruption by city officials (all Democrats) barely get a blip in the local news.Here s the real  comeback city  our Democrat Mayor wants you to believe Hillary gives a damn about: ",0
20186,WOW! US Marine And Navy Veteran Writes BLISTERING Open Letter To Khizr Khan: “Does it matter whether Mr. Trump has ‘sacrificed’? Has Ms. Clinton ‘sacrificed’ for this nation? How about Mr. Obama?”,"Wow! This is a spectacular letter that should be read by every American voter. Veteran Chris Mark truly puts Mr. Khan s public ridicule of Donald Trump into perspective. Bravo Mr. Mark! PLEASE SHARE this everywhere!Dear Mr. Khan,I want to preface this letter by stating that I respect your son s sacrifice for this great nation. By all accounts, he is a true hero that sacrificed himself in service to our country. For that I am thankful.As a veteran, I watched your comments at the Democratic National Convention with a mixture of sadness, and anger. The United States has a military comprised of volunteers. Every single member has made the conscious choice to join the military and serve. There is not a single service member who has been forced into service. It is important for all service members (and apparently, their families) to understand that service to this great nation does not imbue one with special privileges or rights. I found your comments troubling when you said:  Have you ever been to Arlington cemetery? Go look at the graves of brave patriots who died defending the United States of America. You will see all faiths, genders and ethnicities. You have sacrificed nothing and no one. Does it matter whether Mr. Trump has sacrificed  nothing and no one? has Ms. Clinton  ..sacrificed  for this nation? How about Mr. Obama? Your comment stating that Mr. Trump  has sacrifice no one  is alarming. Are you intimating that YOU sacrificed? Sir, your son willingly sacrificed himself. As a father I cannot imagine the pain you must feel but his sacrifice is his own. He was not forced to serve.I am troubled that you would allow a party that has little more than contempt for the US Service Member to parade you into the DNC to denounce Donald Trump. Did you watch when protesters at the DNC booed and heckled Medal of Honor recipient Capt. Florent Groberg? Did you notice your party interrupting the moment of silence for slain police officers? Your own hypocrisy in not denouncing these acts and instead using the DNC as a platform to make a political point is disgraceful. The simple fact is that whether one served or sacrificed does not give greater power to their statements. One vote is as valuable as another. That sir, is why our Country is great. Your condemnation of one person for a statement while standing idly as your party disparages veterans and police officers is the height of hypocrisy.To conflate the need to prevent potential terrorists from entering our country with the belief that  all Muslims  should be banned is simply wrong and disingenuous. As a reminder, Mr. Trump said:    Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in Jihad, and have no sense of reason or respect for human life,  The irony of your son s own death at the hands of these very people in Iraq should not be ignored. I have little doubt that your son would have recognized the need to protect our country from these very people. In fact, he held is own troops back so that he could check on a suspicious car. Your son understood sacrifice and how to protect  his people his soldiers . his fellow Americans As you continue to make the media circuit and bask in the glow of affection cast upon you by a party that has little regard for your son s own sacrifice, and veterans in general, I would ask you to consider your comments and your position more closely.Respectfully,Chris MarkUS Marine and Navy Veteran.Via: Global Security, Privacy and Risk Management -Blog by Chris Mark",0
20187,HABITUAL LIAR: Remember The Touching Story Hillary Told About Helping A Little Girl In A Wheelchair? It Was All A LIE…Here’s PROOF! [VIDEO],"Last Thursday, during Hillary s acceptance speech at the DNC, she delivered a heart-wrenching and emotional tale about a little girl in a wheelchair. Boy, that Hillary she s always thinking of the less fortunate and doesn t think twice about sticking her neck out to help the little guy. There s only one problem with Hillary s story (and pretty much everything she says) it was all a big LIE! Hillary told the crowd at the DNC and millions more who were watching her on TV, about a poor suffering handicapped girl in a wheelchair in New Bedford, Massachusetts who could not go to school because of her disability. Hillary said she helped the girl get to school.Here s part of the transcript from the LA Times: My mother, Dorothy, was abandoned by her parents as a young girl. She ended up on her own at 14, working as a housemaid. She was saved by the kindness of others.Her first-grade teacher saw she had nothing to eat at lunch and brought extra food to share the entire year. The lesson she passed on to me, years later, stuck with me: No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up.And she made sure I learned the words from our Methodist faith:  Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as ever you can. So, I went to work for the Children s Defense Fund, going door-to-door in New Bedford, Mass., on behalf of children with disabilities who were denied the chance to go to school.I remember meeting a young girl in a wheelchair on the small back porch of her house. She told me how badly she wanted to go to school   it just didn t seem possible in those days. And I couldn t stop thinking of my mother and what she d gone through as a child.It became clear to me that simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.So we gathered facts. We built a coalition. And our work helped convince Congress to ensure access to education for all students with disabilities. WATCH HILLARY SPIN HER BIG LIE HERE:Ken Pittman at WBSM reported:Here s what I learned; The Mayor of New Bedford in 1973 was a guy I happen to know, Mayor John Markey (81 years old and a lifelong Democrat now living in Dartmouth, MA. Mayor Markey is also a retired judge and a man whose credibility and character are beyond reproach.  Jack  as he is known, is eligible for both court and municipal pension but only accepts one. He is not one to  double dip . I called Jack and asked him a few questions about handicap services in 1973 at the New Bedford Public Schools, including wheelchair accessibility. I took over as Mayor in January of 1973. We had a budget for vans with drivers and provided services to students with disabilities. It was Tremblay Bus. They would pick them up and drop them off at their homes. Now, they may not have been able to go to the local school, depending on whether or not the schools were accessible for wheelchairs but there were many schools then which could and did accommodate our handicapped students in wheelchairs . In fact, we had a local guy who was a paraplegic, injured in a diving accident who came to my office many times to advocate for the disabled and I actually spent an entire day in 1973 in a wheelchair to better understand the challenges they face everyday. Soon after that we were cutting out sidewalks for wheelchairs and doing things in New Bedford before the laws ever compelled us to. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
20188,BRUTAL NEW BENGHAZI AD Exposes Hillary’s Embarrassing Incompetence [VIDEO],You can run but you can t hide ,0
20189,HILLARY’S ANTI-TRUMP MUSLIM DAD Claims Terror Has “Nothing To Do With Islam”…Tries To Convince Americans Trump’s Desire To Protect Us From Terror Is Somehow Evil [VIDEO],"We ve inserted our thoughts and a few tweets throughout this article. Our comments can be found in bold red type.Let s start with Trump s Twitter response to Mr. Kahn s passionate speech denouncing Trump at Hillary s coronation. I don t think too many Americans can argue with this:I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 31, 2016Khizr Khan, the bereaved father of fallen soldier Capt. Humayun Khan who attacked Donald Trump last week in a speech at the Democratic National Convention, told CNN s Jim Acosta Sunday morning that terror has  nothing to do with Islam.  Here is Khan s full quote (emphasis added):https://youtu.be/BPwRRUw2XWoIn addition to this, there was in the speech that my good wife asked me to refrain from saying, I wanted to say we reject all violence. We are faithful, patriotic, undivided loyalty to this country. We reject all terrorism. She asked me not to say that because that was not the occasion for such a statement.Well, if you really believed that and you had an audience of millions who were listening to your impassioned pleas, why didn t you just say it? Americans have been begging for Muslims to denounce the violence committed in the name of Islam against innocent Americans. He had the chance, but it was more important that he unfairly bash Trump for holding an opinion about how to best stop terrorism than speak out against radical ISLAM.This Twitter user @socalmike_SD makes a good point:His son was killed by radical Muslims..ppl Trump doesn't want here in the US..How is that shameful? Ridiculous https://t.co/BhaeZPuN99  Michael (@socalmike_SD) July 31, 2016Khan also asked Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan to  repudiate  Trump, calling it a  moral obligation  and warning that failing to do so would be a  burden on their souls  that history would not forgive.Don t worry Khan. If you re looking for an ally in bringing immigrants to America, you ve found the right guy in Paul Ryan. While you re at it, why don t you ask Ryan how the UN can properly vet immigrants coming from Muslim majority nations who hate us In previous remarks, Trump had acknowledged the positive contributions of most Muslims, while focusing on the need to fight radical Islamic terror. In his speech after the Islamic terror attack on a gay nightclub last month in Orlando, for example, Trump said:  We have Muslim communities in this country that are great, and we have to form that partnership. Last Thursday, Khan caused a sensation at the convention when he spoke alongside his wife, challenging Trump s proposed ban on Muslim immigration, saying:  Have you even read the U.S. Constitution?   You have sacrificed nothing and no one. By the way Khan Trump and his children have received death threats and threats of violence. Trump doesn t have to run for President of the United States. He s doing it because he loves our country. Despite what you and the Democrats would like low-information voters to believe, you don t have the corner on loving America Khan made no mention of radical Islam, or terror. His claim that the Constitution bars Trump s ban on Muslim immigration has also been disputed.Here are a few Muslims views on a temporary Muslim ban in America. Pay close attention to the last man of three who are being interviewed:Via: Breitbart News ",0
20190,GA POLICE Sergeant FIRED For Flying Confederate Flag At Her Home,"The political correctness police are apparently more powerful than those who have been trained and dedicate their lives to defending citizens A Roswell police sergeant who was fired from her job this month for flying the Confederate battle flag in front of her house is appealing her termination and said Tuesday she had no idea the flag was controversial.In an interview with The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, former police sergeant Silvia Cotriss said she had been flying the battle flag below the American flag in front of her Woodstock house for more than a year with no complaints from neighbors or passersby. So she was surprised the week of July 11, when detectives with the department s internal affairs division notified her that she was being investigated for conduct unbecoming an officer on or off duty. If I knew it offended someone, my friends, my family, I wouldn t do it,  Cotriss told the AJC.  Police officers have to adjust a lot of things in our lives, and for 20 years my whole life has been about making change and being held to a higher standard. We take an oath to help and protect people, so we can t have a private life that s really bad. A man who lives nearby her home was driving his daughter and son to pre-school and noticed a Confederate flag in Coteries  yard. It is unclear whether he knew Cotriss, but the man said in an email to Grant that,  It is very difficult to explain to my daughter that we should trust our police. But in the same sentiment if I were to ever be pulled over or some situation where my family needs the police to protect and serve, my first thought/fear is that it may be the officer proudly flying his/her Confederate flag. The man claimed Cotriss  police vehicle was in the driveway, a charge Cotriss denies.Cotriss said she and her husband, who died recently, had gotten a battle flag in May 2015 during a vacation to Panama City, Fla., for  Thunder Beach,  a popular biker festival. The battle flag had a motorcycle in the center, and Cotriss flew it beneath the American flag on a towering pole in her front yard. Over time the Confederate emblem became tattered and she recently asked a friend to take it down, she said. A neighbor offered her a new one, without a motorcycle, and her friend accepted it for herThe day before the man had attended Eagle s Nest Church, a predominantly African-American congregation in Roswell, where Grant and the entire Roswell police force had been invited to worship in the aftermath of the Dallas police massacre. Pastor Lee Jenkins extended the invitation and Grant said, in a previous interview, that he accepted because,  For me the takeaway from (the protests in) Ferguson was that a lot of African-Americans don t trust police officers and don t see them as I did when I was growing up. And since the unrest in Ferguson, after the shooting of Michael Brown by a police officer, Grant had been visiting several churches in the Roswell area to build bridges. Grant was the only police official to attend the Eagle s Nest service and Jenkins said after the chief addressed the congregation, they gave him a standing ovation.The man who lodged the complaint against Coteries referenced the service in his email to Grant and in an email to Jenkins. Via: AJC",0
20191,JUDGE JEANINE UNLOADS On Hillary: “How Did You Go From Being ‘DEAD BROKE’ To Being Worth Over $200 MILLION While In Government?”[VIDEO],"You don t want to miss a second of Judge Jeanine s brilliant analysis of Hillary Vs. Trump Whether you like him or not, Donald Trump talks about real issues. Hillary says he paints a  dark divisive picture of an America in decline.'  But ask yourselves, are you better off? Do you feel safer than you were before these two came into power? Is America more united than it was? Are race relations better? Is police esteem anywhere near where it was 8 years ago? Whether you like him or not, Donald Trump is hitting all the core issues. Asking all of the right questions starting all the right conversations. A man who is willing to take on political correctness that is DESTROYING this nation. ",0
20192,WHY HILLARY LOVES The Idea Of Barack Obama As Supreme Court Justice,"Remember when this would seem like a far-fetched idea? Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton said she  loves  the idea of appointing Barack Obama to the Supreme Court if she s elected president.At a campaign event in Iowa Tuesday, Mrs. Clinton told the crowd the next president may have to appoint up to three Supreme Court justices. When one attendee mentioned Mr. Obama as a contender, she seemed excited by the recommendation. Wow, what a great idea. No one has ever suggested that to me, I love that, wow,  Mrs. Clinton said.  He may have a few other things to do, but I tell you, that s a great idea. I mean, he s brilliant, he can set forth an argument and he was a law professor,  she added.  So he s got all the credentials, but we would have to get a Democratic Senate to get him confirmed. Via: Washington Times",0
20193,MALIA OBAMA Flashes Her Booty In Front Of Huge Crowd At Chicago Concert,"What was she thinking? 18 yr old Malia Obama was spotted at Lollapalooza in Chicago, dancing onstage with friends. She got a lot of attention when she hiked the back of her dress, flashing her butt briefly. ",0
20194,TRUMP SAYS “NO” To Pro-Amnesty Koch Brother’s Influence…Won’t Meet With Them,"Meanwhile, the Koch brothers are denying they were attempting to meet with Trump. They re probably too busy schmoozing with open-borders Paul Ryan and other more easily influenced politicians. Hillary will most surely be working overtime to capture those unspent millions that won t be going to Trump Trump tweeted this tonight:I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 30, 2016The Kochs are effectively indifferent between Trump and Clinton, though several Trump allies within the network have encouraged the billionaire donors to at least meet with the billionaire candidate. Donors who contribute at least $100,000 to the network are invited to hear from Charles Koch and Republican leaders both about the Kochs  political work along with their philanthropic and policy-focused spending.Some Koch donors, upset by the leadership s unwillingness to back the Republican nominee, have called for the Freedom Partners retreat to feature a poll to decide whether to marshal their resources toward his White House bid. But Holden said unequivocally that a decisive survey of that kind would not happen.May, 2014   Washington Post columnist Dana Milbank notes that,  More than 100 times on the Senate floor in the past few months, the Senate s top Democrat has invoked Charles and David Koch, the billionaire brothers who have pumped hundreds of millions of dollars into conservative causes and campaigns. According to Reid, the Koch brothers  are about as un-American as anyone I can imagine  and are attempting to  buy America.  Well, if it is true and what these billionaires are truly engaged in a diabolical plot to undermine the country, then Reid must count himself as one of their prime accomplices.Guess who is putting up lots of money to pressure House Republicans to pass a massive amnesty and immigration increase bill similar to the one Reid championed in the Senate? That would be none other than the Brothers Koch.   Immigration ReformThe Kochs have assembled a political operation some consider to be on par with the Republican National Committee, using a constellation of nonprofit organizations to drive elections and policy fights in recent years. They today have 1,200 paid staff members in 38 states.Yet their refusal to back Trump   whose language on immigration and trade is found to be too incendiary by the libertarian-inspired Kochs   is a leading reason why Trump is expected to be massively outgunned by Clinton and her allies in the advertising wars.The Koch network initially said they would spend $889 million in the lead-up to 2016, with about one-third of that figure dedicated to political activity. Yet Koch officials have scaled back their ambitions, with Holden saying Saturday that the sum was merely a  wish list number. They are now on pace to spend about $750 million, including about $250 million on politics.About $20 million in television has already aired, network officials said, with another $20 million still planned for the fall. The network is currently active in five Senate races, and is currently weighing how to get involved in one more: Marco Rubio s reelection fight in Florida. Via: wmtw TV",0
20195,SWEDISH WOMAN Sexually Assaulted In Broad Daylight By 9 Migrants…Ex-Boyfriend LOSES IT Over Out-Of-Control Migrants…Feminists Attack Victim…Call Her “Racist” [VIDEO],"Swedish resident, Rosa Vidarsdottir tells a harrowing story on Facebook of out-of-control, animal-like migrants who, in broad daylight in front of several people, performed sexual acts on themselves and begged her to partake in their disgusting public display. Rosa s former boyfriend, who goes by  The Daddy Monster  on Twitter was absolutely enraged about what happened to her and blames politicians in Sweden for allowing this kind of barbaric 14th century behavior to exist in his former homeland.Watch here:My ex was just assaulted by 9 migrants during lunch and was rescued by her boss that saw what happened. #migpol pic.twitter.com/uQV9bGeJDz  The Daddy Monster (@pissedfather666) July 29, 2016Here is Rosa s most recent Facebook post (translated) where she explains what happened to her, and brilliantly responds to the so-called  feminists  who are calling her a  racist  for exposing these sexual deviant migrants. Her actual post in Swedish language can be found below: I was last Friday 29/7 molested by 9st. Migrants in peterlee centre in the middle of the breezeway on the avenue between hotels highlands and thimons patisserie  ? this happened in broad daylight at about 12.30 times in front of several witnesses.One of them begged and begged to get a blow job  Another wanted to get laid, one just sat on the grass with his hand down his zipper and jerking off  The other whistled and shouted after me miscellaneous  compliments  This was so scary j vla and gross.My boss saw this happen when he was standing inside the thimons and would order his lunch so he got rushed to my rescue..Of course I called the police and told them about the incident. The police seem to know this gang for apparently they ve molested several other girls at different ages. Now last Wednesday actually when they gave up on the 2st. 13-Year-old girls.Now after I have been contacted by a lot of people, even people who were there around when this happened. They think they have seen the gang, think they know who they are and where they live.A big thank you to you all, the police have been taking part of all of the info that added.To your fabulous feminists who sent threatening messages to me yesterday where you accuse me of racism and saying that this is fiction and then writes that this was right for me.. Well what shall I say to you..Maybe a thank you would be at his place because you just proved my point that you aren t real feminists. You are something else entirely, and you ll get a whole speech in your honor shortly.You other girls and women who have heard of you and sending warmth, love and caring through messages, even though we don t know each other. ? thank you from my heart.What j kla lucky that I wasn t alone but had a colleague, who were in the vicinity. Because I hadn t had a chance against 9 guys alone  ?Now, it didn t go so far as to a physical harassment which is fortunate, because they didn t have time to touch me thank God, but that they said if I was going to suck their dicks and they said that they wanted to bang me and their dominant Body language was provocative enough and unpleasant behavior and it said a lot about their mentality.Now I know how the two girls felt earlier in the week, now I know how women in general, have felt when they have been confronted by men in the group who tells them what they want to do with them sexually.I ve never been through anything like this in my entire life. Don t ever want to be with it again.I ve read about this stuff, and feel pity for the women, which is the reason why I ve written a lot about these atrocities and tried to highlight the problem because I felt and believe that you have to do something in order to increase the security of people, but especially for women, and Now, this has also happened to me personally. ?I didn t, I thought that I will stop by for a jog around the lake after work at night, through to stop the bike to the gym in the evening, stop by to go for long walks at night, I would have eliminated any risk for assault or molestation For not in my wildest dreams I would have been able to believe that a guy like that could happen during the day, in the middle of the day and also in front of people.This is not an okay behavior.It s not ok at all.",0
20196,"WOW! WATCH Journalist Cassandra Fairbanks: “Why I, A Bernie Supporter Prefer Trump To Hillary Clinton”","Cassandra s points about why she s supporting Donald Trump over Hillary are based on common sense and facts. These are all ideas that many, if not most Americans would agree with. Is the lure of having free stuff a Democrat in the White House so great, that many Democrats are willing to give up our national security and sovereignty in order to make that happen?Cassandra Fairbanks is a writer for Sputnik News. Here is her message to the over 69K fans who follow her on Twitter, many of whom have been attacking her for switching her allegiance to Trump:***LANGUAGE Warning***",0
20197,HILLARY DNC SPEECH: “We Are Going To Follow The Money” [VIDEO]… WHILE GEORGE SOROS Makes Stunning $25 Million Donation To Hillary And Other Dems,"Are you paying attention America? A vote for Hillary is a vote for communist billionaire, and chaos financier George Soros. Her election has nothing to do with helping the working class or middle America. Hillary is beholden to Wall Street and one-world-order, communist freaks like George Soros who fund radical groups like Black Lives Matter and Occupy Wall Street re-treads Occupy Spring. He and Hillary will ALWAYS put themselves and their massive fortunes before the little people. Isn t it time to elect someone who really cares about America?Watch Hillary boldly proclaim,  We are going to follow the money! Meanwhile back to reality:Billionaire investor George Soros has re-emerged this election cycle as a major Democratic donor, committing more than $25 million to Hillary Clinton and other party candidates and causes, according to Politico.Soros has committed $5 million to a super PAC called Immigrant Voters Win that s devoted to increasing turnout among low-propensity Hispanic voters in key swing states, though FEC records show he d donated only $3 million through the end of June, the period covered by the most recent filings.Soros spent roughly $27 million in a bid to unseat then-President George W. Bush in 2004 but later scaled back his giving, the website reported. Some associates of the Soros Fund Management chairman told Politico they expect him to give even more as Election Day approaches.FOX News host, Bill O Reilly does an excellent job of exposing the truth about billionaire radical George Soros and his anti-American intentions:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KegE285GQucThe Hungarian-born financier is worth $24.9 billion, according to Forbes  most recent estimate, and his return as a big-time contributor will be a boon to the party as it seeks to retain control of the White House and regain a majority in the Senate.Soros advisor Michael Vachon told Politico that Soros  has been a consistent donor to Democratic causes, but this year the political stakes are exceptionally high. Vachon confirmed to CNBC Politico s report of the roughly $25 million in donations so far this cycle. Via: Politico ",0
20198,"DIRTY, VIOLENT, DIVIDED AND CORRUPT: Disgusted Democrat Exposes Coordinated Corruption, Media Disgusted By Filth, Horrible Organization At DNC [VIDEO]","Hey Democrats If you can t even host a 4-day convention for your own party, how can you ask America to vote for you to run our nation?On Sunday night, at a glitzy reception overlooking the city skyline, the conversations among Washington Democrats and K Street lobbyists were as much about convention-related problems as they were about politics. Every convention has its memorable problems, but this is a lot,  one lobbyist said.On Monday, the opening night of the four-day event, the concession stands at the Wells Fargo Center were essentially sold out of water and food before the prime-time speeches even started.This unnamed Democrat was shocked when he realized how many people were being paid to fill convention seats left empty by Democrats who left in disgust by Wikileaks revelations only days before the start of the DNC that proved the Democrat Party intentionally denied Bernie Sanders the opportunity to win his party s nomination:#CrookedHillary+Traitor-N-Chief islam Supreme Leader #obama lock out Bernie delegates>pay 4 supporters.#DemsInPhilly https://t.co/cblWiSSKLu  Bruce Porter, Jr. (@NetworksManager) July 28, 2016This tweet just verifies what the Democrat above exposed about the corrupt Democrats, where nothing is as it appears:There are DNC volunteers here too now who chant ""Hillary!"" when the protesters start chanting. pic.twitter.com/780BH8YFOr  Emma Loop (@LoopEmma) July 29, 2016Here s what happened when Democrats outside attempted to tear down the huge DNC fence surrounding the venue. This video is SHOCKING and really shows what the media refused to broadcast to mainstream Americans during Hillary s speech:I m in disbelief that this is real footage of #DNCinPHL right now.Absolute madness. pic.twitter.com/IhsOs3bXTY  political doggo mike (@mikedogli) July 28, 2016Visitors also were shocked to learn that they couldn t swipe a credit card to pay for a $2.25 subway ride on the SEPTA, instead having to cough up cash. I ve been getting yelled at all day,  said a SEPTA booth attendant at the City Hall stop, which has been the staging area for the thousands of Sanders supporters and other protesters.California Democrat Delegates were caught leaving the convention in protest of the dirty dealings of the DNC:California delegates are walking out mid Clinton speech #DNCDisaster #DNC pic.twitter.com/pXgbRKhkqt  Cassandra Fairbanks (@CassandraRules) July 29, 2016Watch protesters storm DNC during Hillary s acceptance speech. Where was the security? Were the Democrats woefully unprepared for the violence and protests they would face during their convention? Who organized this event? Trump s campaign was clearly not given enough credit for their flawless convention, as there were no reports of disfunction, violence, or chaos anywhere near or inside of the RNC convention hall.BREAKING: Protesters just stormed the #DNCinPHL #DemsinPhilly Booing #HillaryClinton pic.twitter.com/NmCdZzVhpW  Tim Pool (@Timcast) July 29, 2016The protests, including a six-mile march that snarled city traffic, got so raucous Tuesday that police shut down the subway stop closest to the Wells Fargo venue, as demonstrators pushed against the police line and got dangerously close to the delegates and others with official convention passes.Protesters completely shut down media and attendees from attending DNC:Protesters have shut down both exits near The Wells Fargo Center #DemsInPhilly #DNCinPHL pic.twitter.com/D1yI7rZ5nL  Tim Pool (@Timcast) July 28, 2016As a result, officials intend to add an extra wall of chain-linked fencing to avoid more problems.Notoriously critical reporters have been among the most outspoken.Watch: To be totally objective and nonpartisan: the logistics at DNC are appalling. Squalid hotels, sweltering workspace, no directions. Chaos,  tweeted Megan Liberman, editor-in-chief at Yahoo News.Via: Fox News ",0
20199,STREET ARTIST Censored For Painting Of Hillary Clinton In Bikini,"Censorship is alive and well when it comes to Hillary Clinton A street artist in Australia had his Instagram account deleted and now he s being told to take down the painting on the side of a building. Hillary is pictured (below) in a sort of bikini/monokini that is pretty raunchy. It s a copy of a photoshopped image that s been on the internet for years. This really is censorship of the worst kind because it s a known image. Obviously, Instagram is a Hillary fan: Speaking on Melbourne radio, Lushsux said he suspected that his Instagram account, which he said had some 110,000 followers, was deleted due to him posting a photo of the raunchy Hillary image. Melbourne (AFP)   An Australian mural of US presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in a revealing, stars and stripes swimsuit may be taken down, after it has reportedly been deemed offensive.The creator of the painting, the street artist who goes by the name Lushsux and who has also painted murals of the likes of Donald Trump and Kim Kardashian, branded calls to remove it  pathetic .The provocative mural is on the wall of a small business in the Melbourne suburb of Footscray, and reports say the business has been asked by the local Maribyrnong Council to remove it. We believe it is offensive because of the depiction of a near-naked woman, not on the basis of disrespect to Hillary Clinton, in accordance with the Graffiti Prevention Act 2007,  the council s chief executive Stephen Wall told Fairfax Media on Friday.Wall said local police had been asked to urgently provide their opinion on the mural, adding that the council intended to issue a notice to the building s owner to remove it within 10 days.Lushsux accused the council of being out of control, telling Fairfax the mural was  on par offence-wise  with a deodorant ad.Speaking on Melbourne radio, Lushsux said he suspected that his Instagram account, which he said had some 110,000 followers, was deleted due to him posting a photo of the raunchy Hillary image. It s hard enough to be an artist  to lose your social media following in this day and age is a big loss,  he told 3AW on Friday..Via: Yahoo",0
20200,49 Year Old “Political Refugee” Flies To Dubai Days Before Trial For RAPE Of Grade School Girl In Washington,"How does a refugee who is facing trial for the rape of a school aged girl board a plane in America and fly overseas to another country? The little girl who was allegedly raped by this man probably wishes she had a plane she could ve boarded to get away from him. A 49-year-old man reportedly boarded a flight for the United Arab Emirates two days before he was to stand trial in Kennewick on charges of raping and molesting a grade-school girl.A nationwide arrest warrant was issued this week for Khalid A. Fathey after he was a no-show at his Benton County Superior Court trial.The U.S. Marshals Service then discovered that Fathey left Seattle on July 23 on a plane bound for Dubai, said Deputy Prosecutor Anita Petra.Fathey was free on his personal recognizance since being charged with the sex crimes in May 2015. He now faces a new charge of bail jumping.Judge Vic VanderSchoor waited 1 1/2 hours Monday   in case Fathey had car trouble or another problem   before calling off the trial, releasing the jurors and ordering the arrest warrant.Kennewick attorney Kevin Holt, who was hired by Fathey, said he met with his client for about eight hours on July 21 and then prepared for the trial. He assured me that he would be here Monday morning,  Holt said.Holt said his client is from northern Iraq. Fathey had been in the military and worked with the United States government after the 2003 invasion, he said.Since Fathey was no longer welcome in Iraq under the new regime, he sought political asylum and came to the United States with his wife and children as political refugees, Holt said.Fathey and his wife were paid by the state for four years to be full-time caregivers for a Tri-City woman who had medical issues, he said.Fathey contends the sex crimes did not happen and were made up by the girl s family. Fathey and his family had to move to Spokane from Kennewick about six months ago because they were afraid for their safety in the Tri-Cities, especially after someone reportedly set fire to their car, said Holt.Prosecutors allege the girl s mother became suspicious in December 2014 when she found the girl and Fathey together, and Fathey  appeared nervous. The girl later disclosed to her mother that Fathey allegedly kissed her and touched her sexually several times over a six-month period. Fathey  told (the girl) never to tell or she was going to get in trouble,  documents said.Before the police were involved, Fathey called his religious leader, who had them sit down together with the girl s parents, court documents said. Fathey admitted to the inappropriate touching but would not elaborate, documents said.The girl s mother fainted during the meeting, and police were called.Fathey is charged with one count of first-degree rape of a child and two counts of first-degree child molestation. All three counts include the aggravating circumstance that he used a position of trust to commit the crimes.Read more here: Tri-City Herald",0
20201,HAS BILL CLINTON LOST IT? Watch Him Yank Balloon From Little Girl At DNC Celebration…And More Super Senior Moments [VIDEO],"By now, pretty much everyone has seen pictures or video footage of Bill Clinton snoozing while Hillary gave her powerful speech filled with lies and empty promises.At times, Bill just couldn t contain himself over the excitement of his beloved wife being coronated by a hostile crowd in Philly We watched him walk around the stage after Hillary s coronation looking like he was in some type of stupor, but the footage of him with the little girl at the bottom really takes the cake.Hillary s loser brother was about to hit the balloon when he realized he was standing next to the queen and quickly retreated He was so excited to hit the balloon, then he realized who he was standing next to #DemsInPhilly pic.twitter.com/kZjzwZ6A4y  Brandon Wall (@Walldo) July 29, 2016After watching Hillary s regular coughing fits, and knowing that she has to travel with a full-time physician, shouldn t American voters be asking themselves if either one of these aging grifters are well enough to occupy our White House?Here s Bill looking a little confused about why there are suddenly so many balloons around him:Bill Clinton just hanging out with the balloons, having a blast pic.twitter.com/JKCW1zqay7  Steven Dennis (@StevenTDennis) July 29, 2016Here s Bill wishing Hillary would pay attention to him. Good luck Bill. Your best days are definitely behind you bill: hey hill check this outhillaryhey hillaryhillhey hillary check this outhillary look what i hillhillary pic.twitter.com/MAbRFW1yeY  Ingrid Ostby (@ingridostby) July 29, 2016Here s Bill after he seems to have captured a special big blue balloon with stars from the DNC celebration. Oh look, there s a little girl who would love to hold that balloon Oops! Not so fast little girl! That s Bill Clinton s balloon. The Clinton s don t give things away they take them. Find your own balloon little girl ",0
20202,SHOCKER! WHY BERNIE SUPPORTERS At DNC Overwhelmingly Say They’ll Vote TRUMP…[VIDEO],"It s only logical that the people who supported Bernie Sanders, the  anti-establishment  candidate would be more attracted to a successful business man who s never spent a day of his life as a politician. Making the decision to support Donald Trump, who said he would only run if our nation got so bad he couldn t take it any longer, to a woman who s spent her entire life scratching and clawing her way to the top, and harming anyone who got in her way of her ultimate goal seems like a no-brainer. The $21 million Hillary pulled down from speaking engagements on Wall Street over a 2 year period might have something to do with it as well .This week at the Democratic National Convention, much of the focus was not on nominee Hillary Clinton, but on Bernie Sanders and his enthusiastic contingent of young supporters.While some had speculated that Sanders supporters would fall in line after his endorsement of Clinton, it appears that this consolidation has yet to gain any momentum.Bernie supporters, emboldened by the recent DNC email leak, took to the streets in Philadelphia to voice their displeasure with Hillary and the Democrat party as a whole.With chants of  Hell no DNC, we won t vote for Hillary  and  Lock her up,  the protesters made it clear they would not be casting their votes for Hillary Clinton. But who would they be voting for instead?Campus Reform went to the DNC to speak with these protestors about how they planned to vote in November, and the results will be shocking to many. I m throwing this race to Trump!  said one protester I was strong for Bernie, and now I m taking a stand for Trump,  said another.When asked why he would be voting for Donald Trump, one protester noted that, as he spent  time talking to Trump supporters, we agree on a lot of the major issues that we re facing in this country. We re both mad about the same things. Citing the anti-establishment nature of the Sanders and Trump campaigns, one protester pointed out that,  for some people, Bernie is the person they stuck with, but there are some anti-establishment things they want, and they ll go with Trump. Via: Campus Reform",0
20203,"27 Year Old REFUGEE Says He HATES Sweden, Only Reason He’s There Is To F**K Swedish Girls","The Left have thrown their women and children to the dogs literally. Open borders have consequences The victim of a man who allegedly sexually harassed four women has told a local newspaper that the migrant told them that he hates Sweden and is only there so that he can  f*** Swedish girls .In a central square in Vimmerby, in the early hours of Sunday morning, four women were approached by a migrant shouting abuse, who then pulled his trousers down in front of them.The man started to follow the young women and when they asked him to stop, telling him they felt uncomfortable with his behaviour, the 27 year old became aggressive. One of the women told the Dagens Vimmerby that, after becoming agitated, the migrant then began screaming that he hates Sweden and telling them that he s only in the country to  f*** Swedish girls  and spend their money.The migrant then spat at the women, undressed in front of them and proceeded to urinate on a bench in the square. Police found the 27 year old in a side street shortly afterwards and arrested him on the spot for indecent exposure and sexual harassment.It was later found that the suspect had previously received a deportation order, because his request for asylum was rejected as invalid. The man has now been transferred to Sk ne province, where he is in custody waiting for the expulsion to be enforced. Calle Persson, one of the policemen on duty in Vimmerby that night, warned however that criminal cases against migrants can delay their deportation. Via: Breitbart News",0
20204,HUMILIATING: Democrats Use RUSSIAN WARSHIPS As Backdrop For Tribute To U.S. VETERANS At DNC,"Maybe Hillary s Russian uranium deal included a cameo of Russian warships on the DNC stage? It certainly wouldn t surprise anyone . On the last night of the Democratic National Convention, a retired Navy four-star took the stage to pay tribute to veterans. Behind him, on a giant screen, the image of four hulking warships reinforced his patriotic message.But there was a big mistake in the stirring backdrop: those are Russian warships.While retired Adm. John Nathman, a former commander of Fleet Forces Command, honored vets as America s best, the ships from the Russian Federation Navy were arrayed like sentinels on the big screen above.These were the very Soviet-era combatants that Nathman and Cold Warriors like him had once squared off against. The ships are definitely Russian,  said noted naval author Norman Polmar after reviewing hi-resolution photos from the event.  There s no question of that in my mind. Naval experts concluded the background was a photo composite of Russian ships that were overflown by what appear to be U.S. trainer jets. It remains unclear how or why the Democratic Party used what s believed to be images of the Russian Black Sea Fleet at their convention.In a new survey of American military personnel, Donald Trump emerged as active-duty service members  preference to become the next U.S. president, topping Hillary Clinton by more than a 2-to-1 margin.  MTA spokesman for the Democratic National Convention Committee was not able to immediately comment Tuesday, saying he had to track down personnel to find out what had happened.The veteran who spotted the error and notified Navy Times said he was immediately taken aback. I was kind of in shock,  said Rob Barker, 38, a former electronics warfare technician who left the Navy in 2006. Having learned to visually identify foreign ships by their radars, Barker recognized the closest ship as the Kara-class cruiser Kerch. An immediate apology [from the committee] would be very nice,  Barker said.  Maybe acknowledge the fact that yes, they screwed up.  Via: Military Times ",0
20205,"MUSLIM PREACHER CHARGED AFTER RANTING, SPITTING “Alluha Akbar” In Police Officers Face…Screamed At Woman On Streets For Wearing “Tight Jeans”…Muslim Bystanders Cheer Him On [VIDEO]","The best part of the whole video is when this pompous Muslim street preacher tells the police officer that the woman in the  tight jeans  confronted him. He goes on to say, if the cop doesn t believe him, to ask any of the Muslims who are surrounding and encouraging him to berate the police officer. Things are about to get very ugly in these areas around London where Muslims have formed very strong enclaves of citizens and refugees who have no intention of assimilating with British citizens An Islamic street preacher has been arrested and charged after allegedly screaming abuse at a woman for wearing  tight jeans  and shouting  Allah Akbar  in a police officer s face.Krissoni Henderson appeared to be caught on camera angrily confronting the officer   who was investigating a complaint made against the 31-year-old.The unnamed policeman was called to New Street in Birmingham city centre at around 5.30pm on July 4 following a 999 call from a 38-year-old woman who said she feared for her safety after a verbal confrontation. She alleged she had been shouted and sworn at.In the footage below, a man alleged to be Henderson is wearing traditional Islamic dress and standing with another man and a woman. Here is my witness,  he appears to yell, gesturing to the woman,  if you want to arrest me arrest me. He vehemently explains that the woman who complained had walked up to him rather than the other way round, making him the innocent party. Do you think I m scared?  he says skeptically to the officer who is trying to reason with them.He then begins to shout with increasing force over the policeman:  Freedom of speech, we are not going to take your racism anymore. We re not terrorists and we are not suicide bombers, throw your television in the dustbin. This is a free country and we can speak freely in public! He goes on to claim that the woman who complained had threatened him when she approached him. But when the officer asks if he can give him the  common decency  of not shouting over him the preacher continues to bellow his reasoning.And as the policeman walks away slightly to attempt to defuse the situation he yells after him,  Go, go find some rapists! Again the officer asks for the  common courtesy  of being listened to but the preacher repeats his argument of having a witness.He apparently works himself as he confronts the fluorescent jacketed man, screaming that he is scared of no one but Allah and spitting  Allah Akbar  in the officer s face.Eventually the policeman turns to the crowd which has amassed and explains:  This young man has the right to assembly. He can stand here and shout and alarm. He can shock and offend If he commits a public order offense  then he will be arrested. However it is clear the crowd is very much on the preacher s side and as the officer walks away they begin to gather in around the man, jeering and heckling the retreating policeman. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20206,DINESH D’SOUZA BRILLIANTLY Schools Hollywood Reporter On Why Racist Democrats Keep Minorities On The Plantation [VIDEO],"If you haven t seen Dinesh D Souza s  HILLARY S AMERICA  yet, it is a MUST see! Watch here, as Dinesh explains why his historically correct movie casts the truth on the Democrats racist roots, discusses his time in prison and much more  THE SOUND STARTS AT THE 1:00 MARK WHEN D SOUZA BEGINS TO SPEAK: ",0
20207,WHOSE CONVENTION SPEECH HAD MORE VIEWERS?…The Answer May Surprise You [VIDEO],"It would appear American voters are more interested in what the Republican party has to say about the future of our nation than the out-of-control Democrat Party driven by the Saul Alinsky disciples of chaos, division and hate It was like a political Coachella last night at the Democratic National Convention   and not just because Lenny Kravitz was playing. With star turns from Vice President Joe Biden and then primetime performances from VP hopeful Tim Kaine and then President Barack Obama himself, the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia was rocking    even more so when nominee Hillary Clinton made an onstage appearance at the very end to hug it out with POTUS   though it didn t lead to ratings fireworks it seems in the early numbers.An estimated 24.2 million viewers watched the president address the crowd in the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia Wednesday night.Those numbers are 18 percent lower compared to the ratings Ted Cruz got when he spoke at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland last week. This is the first time the RNC coverage has outperformed the DNC.The numbers are surprising considering Joe Biden, Tim Kaine and Obama were the speakers Wednesday.   Daily CallerHighlights of controversial Ted Cruz RNC speech: Even with all the big names onstage last night, convention-to-convention, the combined rating of the DNC stumbled against Donald Trump and the RNC. Day 3 in Philadelphia was down 18% in the fast affiliates key demo from the drama of Day 3 in Cleveland when Ted Cruz refused to endorse the candidate and running mate Mike Pence spoke.   DeadlineAnd here are a few highlights from Barack Obama s speech last night: ",0
20208,WATCH Obama Mention Himself 119 Times During Hillary Endorsement Speech…And Then I Parted The Red Sea…LOL!,Narcissist isn t a strong enough word to describe this twisted little man ,0
20209,HILLARY’S NEW AMERICA: Uniformed Police Officers NOT ALLOWED On DNC Floor [VIDEO],"Meanwhile, police officers were outside the walls of the DNC literally putting out fires started by Bernie s flag burners and protecting the very people who mock and scorn them inside. Unimaginable hate, and violence was directed at the same police officers who have been treated like the enemy of the DNC on the streets and outside of the enormous fence erected by the DNC to keep legal citizens out. This is Hillary s America. It s the same America Obama has worked tirelessly to create. Is this the America we want to leave to our children and grandchildren? Thursday on Fox News Channel s  Fox & Friends,  in an appearance from the site of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani called the convention  the most anti-police  and  the most anti-law enforcement  he had ever seen.However, he also said that according to  high-ranking police officers  in Philadelphia, uniformed law enforcement was not allowed on the floor of the convention.WATCH:Rudy Giuliani: Last night was the Democrat insider fantasy land, they didn't talk about one world problemhttps://t.co/6DhXRBrG50  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) July 28, 2016Via: Breitbart NewsRudy Giuliani: This is the most anti-police, anti-law enforcement convention I've ever seen in my whole life.https://t.co/sHnZAAE430  FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) July 28, 2016",0
20210,NO KIDDING! HERE’S WHY HILLARY SUPPORTERS Will Get Us ALL KILLED [VIDEO],Wow! The Dems are so out of touch  ,0
20211,BREAKING! #DemExit BERNIE SANDERS LEAVES DEMOCRAT PARTY!,"It s over for Hillary It s officially over for the Democrat Party Obama built this!The nomination was barely sealed up at the Democratic National Convention before Bernie Sanders, who had campaigned against Hillary Clinton for the party s nod, went back to being an Independent.Sanders, who considers himself, officially, an Independent in Congress because his views lean further left than the Democratic party s platform, caucuses with Democrats. But until declaring an intention to run for the presidency in 2015, he had rarely, if ever, identified as a member of the Democratic Party (he s been in politics since 1979).And now, despite pleading with his base to support Hillary, even though they re concerned that she s too moderate, Sanders will return to Vermont and to his seat in the Senate, and he ll do it with no official party affiliation.Bernie Sanders tells @bpolitics breakfast w/reporters he'll return to the Senate as an Independent, not a Dem: 'I was elected as an Ind.'  Susan Page (@SusanPage) July 26, 2016Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who was forced to resign as Chairwoman of the DNC after leaked emails revealed she d tried to keep Sanders from challenging Clinton for the party s nomination, might even be vindicated sort of.Sanders has struggled all along with whether to call himself a Democrat, even ducking the question of his party affiliation, raised by local Vermont media, just days after he declared. He later tried to reinforce that he was, indeed, a Democrat. But Sanders certainly wasn t a party player and that s exactly the concern Wasserman Schultz voiced in the Wikileaks document dump.Via: Heatstreet",0
20212,LOL! Black Conservative DESTROYS “Current Day Slave” Elijah Cummings’ DNC Speech…”Boss Lady Gonna Be Proud Of You!”," Democrats are the party of KKK The problem is, you keep running back to  Massa Hillary can you give my people some handouts?' If Hillary is the answer is your answer, you up sh*t creek without a paddle! ",0
20213,#DNC GIVES ANTI-HILLARY Dems Free Speech Cage Outside Convention [VIDEO],"It s just cleaner that way You know, keeping anyone who disagrees with Hillary in a caged area Shutting down free speech it s the American Democrat way ",0
20214,WOW! 60 YR OLD Black Vietnam Veteran SHOT For Supporting Trump [VIDEO],"Just another tolerant violent liberal, shooting a man who defended his nation because he didn t agree with his opinion  Who gave the Left the green light to  use violence to shut up an opposing view?A political discussion at a bar in Cleveland ended with a Vietnam vet being shot in the leg because of his support for Donald Trump.60-year-old Paul Jones, Jr. was having a conversation with a friend at Winston s Place near E. 131st Street and Miles Avenue on Monday evening.A man sitting nearby overheard the chat and immediately became aggressive. He butted in the conversation,  Jones told WEWS from his hospital bed.  The conversation wasn t directed at him or to him. The man continued to get more irate, going to his car to retrieve a gun before he returned and shot Jones in the thigh.The shooter fled the scene and detectives are still searching for him. I m quite sure you have a lot of people having their own opinions. But that doesn t mean you should hurt somebody because you have your own opinion,  said Jones  mother Latosca.Via: InfoWarsh/t Gateway Pundit",0
20215,BREAKING: IRS Will Investigate “Lawless” CLINTON FOUNDATION On Charges Of “Public Corruption”…”Pay To Play” Activities,"The house of cards is falling as America eagerly awaits Wikileaks next major dump that promises to expose evidence that should indict Hillary IRS Commissioner John Koskinen referred congressional charges of corrupt Clinton Foundation  pay-to-play  activities to his tax agency s exempt operations office for investigation, The Daily Caller News Foundation has learned.The request to investigate the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation on charges of  public corruption  was made in a July 15 letter by 64 House Republicans to the IRS, FBI and Federal Trade Commission (FTC). They charged the foundation is  lawless. The initiative is being led by Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Tennessee Republican who serves as the vice chairwoman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, which oversees FTC. The FTC regulates public charities alongside the IRS.The lawmakers charged the Clinton Foundation is a  lawless  pay-to-play  enterprise that has been operating under a cloak of philanthropy for years and should be investigated. Read more: Daily Caller",0
20216,#DNCWalkOut Report: Over 1000 Bernie Sanders Supporters Left #DNC After Hillary Nomination…#FeelTheBern #DemExit [VIDEO],"The Queen of the DNC is in big trouble 1000+ Berners walked out  CA is GONE  UT Gone Oregon Gone ..& more  #DNCWalkOut 1/2 empty #Demexit https://t.co/1uG9312AS6  #AllLivesMatter (@BootStrapzOrg) July 27, 2016",0
20217,SHOCKING SUMMARY Of The DNC Convention So Far…Did We Leave Anything Out?,What a crazy group of professional agitators and political scumbags this has been REALLY entertaining and a bit creepy too ,0
20218,"WATCH Protesters At DNC: “I’ll Take Trump Over Hillary Any Day…She Won’t Win If It Comes To Black Votes” CROWD SHOUTS: “Don’t Vote For Hillary, She’s Killing Black People”","Inside, on the DNC stage, Hillary is pandering to moms of dead thugs and family members who lost someone they loved because they either tried to take a weapon from an officer or attempted to use their own weapon against an officer. But outside the DNC walls, Black protesters are hammering Hillary.  Blacks have a message for Hillary, and it appears they re telling her she s wasting her time  that she ll never get their votes.In the end, all of Hillary s pandering to Blacks and special interest hate groups may have been a colossal waste of Hillary s time.Black protesters at the DNC are making their voices heard, and the one thing that is clear, is that Crooked Hillary is NOT getting their vote. Funny thing is, their saying they ll vote for Donald Trump. He didn t have to make a spectacle of Black Lives Matter members, he simply had to promise that he d make it a priority to find jobs for Americans and to Make America Great Again Watch:",0
20219,"HILARIOUS! #BlackLivesMatter Protest Hillary At #DNC: Carry “HILLARY, DELETE YOURSELF” Banner [VIDEO]","Pandering Hillary s getting a little karma Black Lives Matter are now protesting at the #DNCinPHL with the sign 'Hillary, delete yourself.'pic.twitter.com/QU9HZCmdRj  Breaking911 (@Breaking911) July 26, 2016",0
20220,"PRIORITIES: AS VETS LAY DYING, WAITING For Medical Care…Obama’s Crooked VA Spent MILLIONS On Artwork","Is it any wonder veterans are getting behind Donald J. Trump in huge numbers? Isn t it about time we took care of our veterans the way they deserve to be taken care of? The VA under the Obama administration has never been more dysfunctional and corrupt. Hillary is nothing more than Obama in a pants suit. Our veterans deserver better than 4 more years of the most disrespectful  Commander In Chief  our nation has ever known. This corrupt VA has to be completely overhauled. Every American should demand nothing less!Hundreds of veterans have died while waiting to get care from the Department of Veterans Affairs, all while the department spent millions of taxpayer dollars on high-end art.According to an investigation by COX Media Washington, D.C. and American Transparency, the VA has spent $20 million on high-end art over the last 10 years, $16 million of that spent during President Obama s tenure.The investigation found one particularly egregious example: $670,000 combined spent on two sculptures at a VA center for the blind.Other examples include $21,000 spent on an artificial Christmas tree, $610,000 spent over five years for a new facility in Puerto Rico and more than a million dollars combined on three art projects in Palo Alto, Calif. Instead of hiring doctors to help triage backlogged veterans, the VA s bonus-happy bureaucracy spent millions of dollars on art,  Andrew Andrzejewski, founder and CEO of OpenTheBooks.com, writes in Forbes.  Washington Examiner",0
20221,BOOM! DINESH D’SOUZA Just Exposed The Gut-Wrenching Truth About Democrats With One Tweet From DNC,"Dinesh D Souza s fascinating movie,  Hillary s America  debuted to rave reviews in theaters across America on July 22nd. D Souza brilliantly exposes the truth about the Democrat party s history of racism and the way they ve taken advantage of minorities to benefit themselves throughout the history of the United States. It s pretty safe to say, he is probably the least welcome face at the DNC. If you re on Twitter, please help us to keep the liberals enraged, by sharing this insightful tweet from the floor of the DNC by the brilliant Dinesh D Souza:Hilarious! The Dems have to put the words of the Pledge of Allegiance on the TelePrompTer pic.twitter.com/BcwqC3DRMA  Dinesh D'Souza (@DineshDSouza) July 25, 2016Click HERE to see clip from Dinesh D Souza s new movie  Hillary s America  and to find a link to theaters in your area who are showing his outstanding movie.Here s another Dinesh truism:The overlords of the Democratic plantation are here in Philly to proclaim the virtues of dependency pic.twitter.com/aqyGi4cDSw  Dinesh D'Souza (@DineshDSouza) July 26, 2016",0
20222,"“ALLAHU AKBAR” MUSLIM EXTREMISTS Forced Catholic Priest At Knifepoint To Kneel While They Performed “Arabic Sermon”….Filmed Beheading Of Priest…Two Terrorists Shot DEAD…19 Yr Old Was KNOWN TERRORIST Allowed To Live With Parents, Roamed Freely During Day [VIDEO]","FRANCE HAS THE BLOOD OF THIS PRIEST ON THIER HANDS! Their political correctness allowed this KNOWN TERRORIST to roam freely in the streets! Shame on their progressive values that made it possible for this beautiful 84 year old priest, who was filling in at the church to be beheaded by these monsters!  The ISIS knifemen who stormed into a church in Normandy filmed themselves butchering an elderly priest after forcing him to kneel   before they performed a  sermon in Arabic  at the altar, a terrified witness has revealed today.The 84-year-old priest, named as Jacques Hamel, had his throat cut in a Normandy church this morning in an attack that also left a nun critically injured and both jihadis dead.The two killers, who were both known to French authorities, were shot dead by police marksmen as they emerged from the building shouting  Allahu Akbar . The building was later searched for bombs.One of the extremists who stormed into the church in Saint-Etienne-du-Rouvray near Rouen during mass was a French 19-year-old named Adel K., who was being monitored by electronic tag after twice attempting to join fanatics in Syria. Unbelievably, his bail terms allowed him to be unsupervised between 8.30am and 12.30pm   the attack happened between 9am and 11am.Adel K is understood to have forced the priest to kneel while his accomplice, who also lived locally and was on a terrorist watchlist, filmed the brutal killing.This afternoon it emerged that the murdered clergyman was deputising while the regular parish priest was on holiday. French authorities say they have arrested a third man over the attack   a 17-year-old man believed known as HB and believed to be a relative of Adel K.It was also revealed that the Catholic church involved was on a terrorist  hit list  found in the apartment of a suspected ISIS extremist last April.Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy called for a  merciless  response to the killing while  horrified  ex-Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin said he feared  everything is being done to trigger a war of religions .France s Socialist president Francois Hollande addresses the Islamic terror attack with the press here: A nun who was in the church during the attack said the priest was forced to the ground before his throat was slit.French authorities admitted that both of the attackers were subject to security  S  files, meaning both were known terror suspects who should have been under surveillance.Adel K. was a convicted terrorist who was meant to be living with his parents in Saint-Etienne-du-Rouvray with an electronic tag on his ankle.In March 2015, while still a minor, he tried to reach the terror group s base in Syria via Germany, but was arrested in Munich.  He was placed under judicial control with his parents, but after his 18th birthday again tried to return to the Middle East.Accompanied by two childhood friends, Adel K. headed to Switzerland overland and then took a plane to Turkey, hoping to cross the border into Syria.Turkish police deported him back to Switzerland and, after being sent back to his hometown, he was tried and found guilty of  associating with a terrorist enterprise  on May 22 2015.After spending less than a year of his two-and-a-half-year sentence in prison, he was released on March 22 this year.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
20223,CNN ASKS IF BRUTAL CHILD RAPE CASE Will Affect Hillary’s Political Ambitions: Victim Says Hillary Clinton ‘Lied Like A Dog’ In My Case [VIDEO]," This was a 12 year girl who was raped brutally, was put in a coma. She was a virgin. She was told she could never have children again.  Hillary s response to the court in this case was:  This girl seeks out older men.This person is mentally unstable. This girl had made up rape charges before. One big problem NONE of it was true!Hillary knew the child rapist was guilty, yet she still voluntarily worked to get him off on a legal technicality. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXTpqVY_RN4WATCH FOX News hosts dissect what really happened with this sickening case:This is Hillary s war on women and even little girls!",0
20224,"[FLASHBACK VIDEO] MICHELLE OBAMA TO HILLARY: “If You Can’t Run Your Own House, You Certainly Can’t Run The White House!”","Last night the press swooned over Bitter Mooch s speech at the DNC She s such an asset to Hillary s campaign.  The Democrat party should feel good about the fact that it took several innocent cops lives to be lost, riots, race wars and cities being burned to the ground before Mooch was finally proud of her country.https://youtu.be/uLm4w-z91B4Here s Mooch explaining how the next  victim  in line for Presidency deserves to be the leader of the free world simply because she was born with a vagina. Watch her as she stirs up the racial strife and division last night at the DNC.Here s the truth about how Mooch feels about Hillary, and how she wanted Biden to give her a  whooping'  in the primaries:",0
20225,DEMOCRATS AGAINST TRUMP’S WALL For Lawbreakers…But NOT Against Wall To Keep Bernie Sanders’ Fans Out,"Democrats brought illegal after illegal alien on stage today during their communist convention. (We re still wondering how ICE allowed so many illegal aliens to appear on a national stage, embarrassing their entire organization). The Democrats spent no time using these lawbreaker to mock Republicans and the rule of law. They use every opportunity they can to mock Donald J. Trump and the sane Americans who believe it is vital to our national security to build a wall on our southern border.Meanwhile, the DNC has built a massive 4 mile wall around their convention. There have been no known threats of violence from tea party members or Republican operatives, so who are they trying to keep out? Well it appears they re trying to keep out the Bernie Sanders supporters from these telling photos.The party of inclusion seems to have lost its way hmmm maybe they re not quite as inclusive as they d like us to believe Police briefly detained more than 50 people after they tried to storm the barricades outside the Democratic National Convention on Monday in a show of anger over Bernie Sanders  treatment by party leaders, even as he urged his supporters to fall in line behind Hillary Clinton.Several hundred Sanders supporters and other demonstrators converged in the sweltering heat on Broad Street and made their way 4 miles to the convention site as the gathering was being gaveled to order, chanting  Nominate Sanders or lose in November!  and  Hey, hey, ho, ho, the DNC has got to go!  They carried signs reading,  Never Hillary,   Just Go to Jail Hillary  and  You Lost Me at Hillary. Undocumented delegates #Berned #DNCPHL #DNCConvention #NeverHillary pic.twitter.com/m82YX35ebW  Lori Hendry (@Lrihendry) July 25, 2016As tensions mounted outside the Wells Fargo Center, police moved metal fences into place and closed the nearest subway station to arriving trains. Fifty-five people were issued citations for disorderly conduct when protesters tried to climb over police barricades at the edge of the security zone surrounding the convention, police said. -Newscenter1",0
20226,ALL KIDDING ASIDE…DID HILLARY JUST HAVE A SEIZURE In Middle Of Q & A With Journalists? You Be The Judge… [VIDEO],"Whoa! We asked the question yesterday in more of a tongue-and-cheek manner. That was before we saw the serious question that had just been asked of Hillary by reporters. Like everyone else who saw the video, we assumed someone had said something humorous that caused her to behave like she was having seizure. But after watching the actual question that was asked, just prior to what truly does appear to be some sort of seizure, we re having second thoughts about Hillary  acting  out.Watch the only Presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician having what appears to be some sort of seizure You be the judge ",0
20227,WIKILEAKS JULIAN ASSANGE Says He Has NEW Emails That Should Indict Hillary…And Why He’s A Trump Fan [Video],Julian Assange tells what he ll do next and what motivates him. He also believes Trump will be great for freedom of the press in America  ,0
20228,DEMS BOOED GOD At The Last Convention…This Time They Booed During The Opening Prayer…You Won’t Believe Why [VIDEO],"No respect for God No respect for our Constitution And no respect for America What a sickening bunch of heathens Because the Democrats leftist ideology trumps God every time In case you missed it, here s what it looked like when the Democrats voted to remove God from the party platform at the 2012 DNC:",0
20229,BREAKING NEWS: Bernie Supporters Caught Plagiarizing Trump Supporters By Chanting…. “LOCK HER UP!” [Video],Lefty Bernie Supporters chant  HRC has got to go!  in the streets of Philadelphia during the DNC Convention: ,0
20230,RECKLESS: CLINTON PRESIDENCY Could Mean U.S. Muslim Population Would Exceed Germany’s 4.8 Million [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton always putting a radical ideology and her own personal financial gain before the best interests of America. Is this really the kind of leader America needs after 8 miserable, lawless years of Barack Obama? Under two terms of a President Hillary Clinton, the U.S. Muslim population would exceed Germany s current Muslim population, according to data from Pew Research Center and the Department of Homeland Security.According to a Pew report published earlier this week,  as of 2010, there were 4.8 million Muslims in Germany. In September, 2015, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton that the United States should accept 65,000 refugees from Syria to help alleviate the humanitarian crisis created by the war there. We re facing the worst refugee crisis since the end of World War II and I think the United States has to do more,  the former secretary of state said Sunday on CBS   Face the Nation.   I would like to see us move from what is a good start with 10,000 to 65,000 and begin immediately to put into place the mechanisms for vetting the people that we would take in.  Via: CBS NewsHere s Trump on the out-of-control refugee crisis and common sense ideas on how he thinks America should deal with it:A Pew report from January of this year estimated that there are roughly 3.3 million Muslims living in the United States. This means that today the U.S. already has a larger Muslim population than does Kuwait, or Brunei, or Bahrain, or Djibouti, or Qatar. Under current policy, Pew projects the number of Muslims in America will outnumber Jews by 2040. However, under a President Hillary Clinton it s possible that date could come much sooner.Under two terms of a Hillary Clinton presidency, the U.S. would have a Muslim population that is larger than Germany s Muslim population of 4.8 million.Based on the most recent DHS data available, the U.S. permanently resettled roughly 149,000 migrants from predominantly Muslim countries on green cards in 2014.Yet, as Donald Trump explained during Thursday night acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention, Clinton  has called for a radical 550% increase in Syrian refugees on top of existing massive refugee flows coming into our country under President Obama. Specifically, Clinton had said that, as president, she would expand Muslim migration by importing an additional 65,000 Syrian refugees into the United States during the course of a single fiscal year. Clinton has made no indication that she would limit her proposed Syrian refugee program to one year.As Trump explained, Clinton s Syrian refugees would come on top of the tens of thousands of refugees the U.S. already admits from Muslim countries.Adding Clinton s 65,000 Syrian refugees to the approximately 149,000 Muslim migrants the U.S. resettled on green cards in the course of one year, means that Clinton could permanently resettle roughly 214,000 Muslim migrants in her first year as President. If Clinton were to continue her Syrian refugee program throughout her Presidency, she could potentially resettle roughly 1.5 million Muslim migrants during her first two terms.These projections suggest that after seven years of a Hillary Clinton Presidency, the U.S. could have a Muslim population that is larger than Germany s Muslim population of 4.8 million.These projections are rough estimates, and the population size could be impacted by additional various factors  including births, deaths, and conversions. Via: Breitbart News",0
20231,SANDERS SUPPORTERS Ready To Raise Hell At DNC After E-mail Leaks Prove Dems Stole Election From Bernie,"Wow! What a week for the Democrats! Nothing like the truth to bring the Dems to their knees! With the start of the DNC Convention, it s looking like the Bernie supporters are going to put on a huge demonstration. This ll be interesting since their chairwoman has been ousted and Hillary just hired her. And they said the Republicans are divided? This gathering of leftists will show us what  divided  looks like get ready for chaos!PHILADELPHIA   The Democrats  convention kicking off Monday still faces the potential for rowdy protests from Bernie Sanders delegates and supporters, despite the ouster of Democratic National Committee leader Debbie Wasserman Schultz serving as somewhat of a peace offering to liberal factions of the party that have accused her of tipping the scales for Hillary Clinton.Sanders supporters were angry over leaked emails that show the Florida congresswoman and her team blasting Sanders and discussing ways to undermine him.While her resignation could calm that storm, the liberal wing still appears intent on protesting over other grievances including Clinton, the party s presumptive presidential nominee, picking Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia as her running mate.Norman Solomon, a Sanders delegate from California, said Sunday that Clinton picking a centrist like Kaine is an  assault  on the progressive agenda. He said the roughly 1,250 Sanders delegates connected to his Bernie Delegates Network are considering walking out during the Virginia senator s expected acceptance speech at the Wells Fargo Center, and they are even looking into contesting his nomination.Via: FOX",0
20232,HYPOCRITES! CHECK OUT Massive Structure Party Of OPEN-BORDERS Built To Keep Legal Citizens Out Of DNC,"It s interesting how the media has completely ignored this massive wall while making a big deal about the extra security measure Republicans had taken to keep their guests safe You know, after radical Democrat affiliated groups, like Black Lives Matter and the New Black Panthers threatened GOP members with violence To the Democratic National Committee elites, keeping average Americans away from their convention is a good idea, while protecting the southern border from intruding terrorists, rapists and murderers is a bad one.The DNC has erected a four-mile fence around its convention site at Philadelphia s Wells Fargo Center. (Isn t it ironic they re doing so much to protect a site named after a bank?)The DNC fence,surely they would have built a bridge !! pic.twitter.com/6RzjM6rBov  Jay Hooks (@mojobubba) July 24, 2016The fence, which appears to be about 8 feet tall, is intended to keep out any individuals with whom Democratic Party leaders, delegates and other liberal elites would rather not mingle.The familiar temporary 8 foot high security fence up again,from Broad&Pattison down to 95 ramps for DNC @FOX29philly pic.twitter.com/3LXOzf8ncX  Steve Keeley (@KeeleyFox29) July 20, 2016Worried abt th fence Trump will erect?Welcome 2 th Dem's fence in Philly! pic.twitter.com/Z46wWBnBVp  Still Not Russian (@BKrab1) July 24, 2016Via: American Mirror",0
20233,"BOOM! Mother Of Black Son Murdered By Blacks: “I Don’t Preach Black Lives Matter, Because Black Lives Only Matters When Law Enforcement Is Involved” [VIDEO]","We all know the reality of the Black Lives Matter movement. It s heartbreaking that these community organizing jack-holes can t put as much effort into finding ways to save the lives of young black males who are killed by young black males Meanwhile, the LAPD have offered a $50K reward for information leading to the arrest of the thug or thugs who committed this senseless murder of a young man with a bright future Alongside the 21-year-old victim s mourning mother, Los Angeles police on Tuesday announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to an arrest in a fatal shooting near Hyde Park in January.Gerrik Thomas was shot about 6:30 p.m. Jan. 25 in the 3100 block of West 54th Street.Lead Detective Connie Zych said police are investigating the crime as  gang-influenced,  though Thomas was not a gang member. She said he worked as a security guard and was a nursing student.Los Angeles Police Department officials said during a news conference that Thomas was walking to a store from his grandmother s house when a silver Chevrolet Camaro with a black top pulled up to him and two men asked him where he was from.Thomas was shot and later died at a hospital. During the news conference, police showed surveillance footage leading up to the shooting.The victim s mother, Demicha Lofton-Thomas, said she had been talking to her son just before the shooting occurred. Just imagine if I would have stayed on that phone one minute later. I would have heard that shot that took my son s life,  Lofton-Thomas said.Here s what she had to say about Black Lives Matter: Via: KTLA",0
20234,#LAWSMATTER: Judge Serves Activist Lawyer Big Dose Of Justice After REFUSING To Remove Black Lives Matter Pin In Court [VIDEO],"It s good to know there are still some judges in America who put the law before political correctness An attorney was removed from court and taken into custody after a judge declared her in contempt for refusing to take off a Black Lives Matter pin.Youngstown Municipal Court Judge Robert Milich said Attorney Andrea Burton was in contempt of court for refusing to remove the pin in his courtroom as instructed. Burton was sentenced to five days in jail, but she has been released on a stay while an appeal is underway.Burton will stay out of jail during the appeals process as long as she obeys Milich s order not to wear items that make a political statement in court. If she loses her appeal, she will have to serve the five days in jail.Milich said his opinions have nothing to do with his decision. A judge doesn t support either side,  he said.  A judge is objective and tries to make sure everyone has an opportunity to have a fair hearing, and it was a situation where it was just in violation of the law,  he said.WATCH:The Youngstown branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) said its legal counsel is monitoring the case closely as it may violate Burton s civil rights.The judge said his ruling is based on Supreme Court case law in which a judge can prohibit symbolic political expression in courtrooms, even if it s not disruptive. There s a difference between a flag, a pin from your church or the Eagles and having a pin that s on a political issue,  Milich said.Legal analysts say judges have free reign when it comes to what s said, or worn, in their courtrooms. Via: WKBN",0
20235,LOL! DEMOCRAT Congressman HUMILIATED After Comparing Trump To Dangerous “RACIST” Republican Governor…WATCH Republican Congressman Explain Governor Was Actually A Democrat [VIDEO],"Democrat dummy of the day Rep. Tom Cole (R., Okla.) embarrassed Rep. Keith Ellison (D., Minn.) on ABC Sunday morning when the latter falsely claimed that former Democratic Alabama governor George Wallace was a Republican.Wallace is perhaps best remembered as being one of the most strident supporters of segregation in the 20th century. He sought the Democratic nomination for president multiple times, with racist stances as a key of his platform. In 1968, he ran as the American Independent Party candidate and received 46 electoral votes, making him the most recent third-party candidate to capture votes in the Electoral College.Ellison was attacking Donald Trump when he made his false charge. At the same time, we do have the worst Republican nominee since George Wallace,  Ellison said.Host George Stephanopoulos didn t correct Ellison and went on to ask Cole a question about whether the Republican National Convention was a success, but Cole first called out Ellison. Well, first I want to correct my friend,  Cole said.  George Wallace was a proud Democrat and ran for the Democratic nomination. Via: Free Beacon",0
20236,"BREAKING: SYRIAN REFUGEE KILLS German Woman, Injures 2 With Machete…German Citizen Plows Refugee Down With BMW [VIDEO]","This news comes as Obama works to bring even more unvetted Syrian refugees to America as Hillary nods in agreement Police say a Syrian asylum-seeker killed a woman with a machete and wounded two others outside a bus station in the southwestern German city of Reutlingen before being arrested.Police spokesman Bjoern Reusch said in a statement Sunday that witnesses said the 21-year-old man, who was known to police, was having an argument with the woman before attacking her about 4:30 p.m. Police say the motive behind the attack is still not clear.The attack comes as Germany is on edge following a rampage at a Munich mall on Friday night in which nine people were killed, and an ax attack on a train a week ago that left five wounded in southern Germany.   Weasel Zippers Via: ABC NewsUpdate:The attack was actually stopped by a BMW driver who hit the attacker with his car and saved it from being worse.Video of attack. You can hear a witness shouting  My God, My God, he s attacking her with a knife! Of course, the news stations were quick to say this was not a terror attack ",0
20237,WHOA! DID HILLARY JUST HAVE A SEIZURE ON CAMERA? [Video],Watch the only Presidential candidate who travels with a full-time physician having what appears to be some sort of seizure ,0
20238,HEY HILLARY…WHO IS REALLY BEHIND Attempt By Party Of “DIVERSITY” To Use Bernie’s JEWISH Faith To Take Him Down… [VIDEO],"Is it possible the curtain has been pulled back, and the truth about the intolerant Democrat Party is out there for the whole world to see? Will DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz take the utlitmate hit to keep Bernie fans under control? When will the media expose Hillary s involvement in the DNC and media s coordinated take down of Bernie Sanders?Bernie Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver said his team was  disappointed  by the emails from the Democratic National Committee leaked through WikiLeaks, which seemed to reveal staff in the party working to support Hillary Clinton. Someone does have to be held accountable,  Weaver said during an interview with ABC News.  We spent 48 hours of public attention worrying about who in the [Donald] Trump campaign was going to be held responsible for the fact that some lines of Mrs. Obama s speech were taken by Mrs. Trump. Someone in the DNC needs to be held at least as accountable as the Trump campaign. We have an electoral process. The DNC, by its charter, is required to be neutral among the candidates. Clearly it was not,  Weaver said, responding for the first time to the growing controversy.  We had obviously pointed that out in a number of instances prior to this, and these emails just bear that out. Another member of Sanders  staff, Rania Batrice put it this way:  Everything our fans have been saying   and they were beaten down for and called conspiracy theorists   and now it s in black and white. One of the newest leaks is an email thread about Sanders faith. Sanders, who is Jewish, did not bring up his religious faith much during the campaign trail and some DNC staffers were hoping he would. But the email itself does not mention Sanders by name, so readers are to infer that it may have been him. But it remains to be seen if these leaked emails are fakes.DNC CFO Brad Marshall sent an email, with the blunt subject line  No Sh*t,  to DNC communications director Luis Miranda, CEO Amy Dacey, and deputy communications director Mark Paustenbach, discussing if Sanders would be bringing up his faith during the Kentucky and West Virginia primaries: It might may no difference, but for KY and WVA can we get someone to ask his belief. Does he believe in a God. He had skated on saying he has a Jewish heritage. I think I read he is an atheist. This could make several points difference with my peeps. My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist. Dacey replied with a simple  Amen  about the topic. Sanders had discussed his Jewish heritage in the past, but has remained mum on all other religious aspects of his life. Marshall told The Intercept he did not recall writing this email and it wasn t necessarily geared toward Sanders.  Uproxx Via: Slate And InterceptThe email dump comes at a crucial time, just days before the party s national convention in Philadelphia, with thousands of delegates representing both campaigns gathering from across the country. Weaver and several other members of the Sanders staff have said they are worried the news could disrupt the goals of the convention.Weaver said the emails showed misconduct at the highest level of the staff within the party and that he believed there would be more emails leaked, which would  reinforce  that the party had  its fingers on the scale. Everybody is disappointed that much of what we felt was happening at the DNC was in fact happening, that you had in this case a clear example of the DNC taking sides and looking to place negative information into the political process.  ABC NewsDEMOCRATS WILL ATTEMPT TO  FIX  CRISIS BY DISALLOWING Blabbermouth Schutlz from speaking at the DNC but will that be enough?Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz will not speak at or preside over the party s convention this week, a decision reached by party officials Saturday after emails surfaced that raised questions about the committee s impartiality during the Democratic primary.The DNC Rules Committee on Saturday named Rep. Marcia Fudge, D-Ohio, as permanent chair of the convention, according to a DNC source. She will gavel each session to order and will gavel each session closed. She s been quarantined,  another top Democrat said of Wasserman Schultz, following a meeting Saturday night.The Democrat familiar with the decision said it was done in hopes of preventing chaos on the convention floor among Sanders supporters. Via: CNN ",0
20239,OBAMA’S BROTHER Will Vote For Trump: “Deep Disappointment” In Barack’s Presidency…Wants To “Make America Great Again”,"The tsunami has started President Obama s Kenyan half-brother wants to make America great again   so he s voting for Donald Trump. I like Donald Trump because he speaks from the heart,  Malik Obama told The Post from his home in the rural village of Kogelo.  Make America Great Again is a great slogan. I would like to meet him. Obama, 58, a longtime Democrat, said his  deep disappointment  in his brother Barack s administration has led him to recently switch allegiance to  the party of Lincoln. The last straw, he said, came earlier this month when FBI Director James Comey recommended not prosecuting Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton over her use of a private e-mail servers while secretary of state. She should have known better as the custodian of classified information,  said Obama.He s also annoyed that Clinton and President Obama killed Libyan leader Moammar Khadafy, whom he called one of his best friends.Malik Obama dedicated his 2012 biography of his late father to Khadafy and others who were  making this world a better place. I still feel that getting rid of Khadafy didn t make things any better in Libya,  he said.  My brother and the secretary of state disappointed me in that regard. But what bothers him even more is the Democratic Party s support of same-sex marriage.Obama plans to trek back to the US to vote for Trump in November. Obama used to live in Maryland, where he worked for many years as an accountant and is registered to vote there, public records show. Mr. Trump is providing something new and something fresh,  he said.For entire story: NYP",0
20240,COPS ASK MAYOR TO REMOVE “Black Lives Matter” Banner Hanging At City Hall…His Response Is ASTOUNDING!,"Imagine what it must feel like for these officers who put on their uniforms and go to work, risking their lives in a city whose Mayor has arrogantly displayed an in-your-face banner supporting a cop-hating movement over the front entrance of the City Hall Somerville police officers are asking that the city s mayor remove a banner supporting the  Black Lives Matter  movement from City Hall and replace it with one proclaiming  All Lives Matter. In a Tuesday letter addressed to Mayor Joseph Curtatone, the Somerville Police Employee s Association, the bargaining unit for 90-95 patrol officers, called the city s support of the Black Lives Matter movement and the display of the banner  deeply  troubling. It is as inconceivable to us as it is demoralizing that our City would propagate its support for this movement while standing silent over the seemingly daily protest assassinations of innocent police officers around the country,  the association wrote.Citing what they saw as  fringe elements  of the movement, officers in the association argued that the activists have at times provoked violence against police around the nation, including the recent shooting in Dallas that killed five officers. The point is that these incidents have incited more than protests; they have incited some within the protest movement to use violence against police officers who had nothing to do with the shootings of black men, and have done so before all of the facts of each case were known,  the letter said.While the association acknowledged that black lives, as well as those of other minorities, matter just as much as white lives, it argued that Somerville s open support for the movement could imply that the department thinks otherwise. At the same time, we strongly object to a public banner sponsored by the City that [implicitly] paints police officers as the killers of innocent citizens of color when there is no evidence whatsoever that the police officers in the City are in anyway using their police power in a discriminatory of unlawful way,  the letter said.Instead, the officers asked that the banner be replaced with one that reads  All Lives Matter,  a move they believe would have the mayor standing in solidarity with the police department. The vast majority of police officers across this country are tasked with shielding, protecting, and assisting elements of the protest movement that loath them, spit on them, intentionally injure them and wish death upon them,  the association wrote.  Nonetheless, it is generally true that officers perform these very tasks with professionalism, honor, integrity, courage, and without hesitation. The letter didn t sway Curtatone, who said he doesn t plan to remove the banner. My unwavering support for our police officers does not and cannot preempt our commitment to addressing systemic racism in our nation,  Curtatone said in a statement to Boston.com.  I ve made very clear to our officers that we should be thankful for and reinforce what we have here in Somerville: a safer community thanks to the highest quality policing by a force dedicated to community policing, de-escalation, proper use of force, and anti-bias awareness. Via: Boston Heraldh/t Police Mag",0
20241,How To WATCH The Highly Anticipated ‘CLINTON CASH’ Movie FREE!…Thanks To Breitbart!,"SHARE this link with everyone you know. EVERY American should see this movie before they vote! The weekend Clinton Cash global release, just days before the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, PA, will set the tone for Hillary Clinton s nomination. MSNBC calls the movie  devastating  for presumptive Democratic nominee and says it  powerfully connects the dots. CLICK HERE To get signed up to watch  CLINTON CASH  online for FREE this weekend!Via: Breitbart News ",0
20242,CNN POSTS TRUTH ABOUT TRUMP POLLS…Then Immediately REGRETS It…We Have Screen Shots!,"HILLARY IS TOAST!Here are the polls that had must ve pained CNN to post:CNN, The most biased political media source there is, polled its viewers, & even they agree WE NEED TRUMP #Trump2016 pic.twitter.com/MR3LqIqPeP  Jesse   (@EaglesJesse) July 22, 2016MSNBC isn t the only leftist cable news network to be shocked by the most recent polls:An @MSNBC online poll asked: ""Will Hillary be elected president?""After 78,000 votes 72% Say NO#Trump2016   pic.twitter.com/Nqrz36r3K5  Jesse   (@EaglesJesse) July 23, 2016This liberal apparently panicked after the attention his crybaby tweet got and removed his tweet: ",0
20243,"BREAKING: HILLARY MAKES DIVERSE PICK FOR VP….White, Middle-Aged Career Politician","So much for that whole diversity thing I'm thrilled to announce my running mate, @TimKaine, a man who's devoted his life to fighting for others. -H pic.twitter.com/lTVyfztE5Z  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) July 23, 2016Much like his new boss, Governor Kaine is fond of gifts while acting as a public servant. Unlike Hillary, his gifts don t seem to have been from wealthy Arab nations who top the list of Human Rights abusers, or the same Wall Street donors Hillary pretends to be fighting against.  Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine took advantage of the state s lax gift laws to receive an $18,000 Caribbean vacation, $5,500 in clothes and a trip to watch George Mason University play in the NCAA basketball Final Four during his years as lieutenant governor and governor, according to disclosures he filed.Now a leading contender to be Hillary Clinton s running mate, Kaine reported more than $160,000 in gifts from 2001 to 2009, mostly for travel to and from political events and conferences, according to disclosures compiled by the Virginia Public Access Project. The givers included political supporters, a drug company that soon after bought a facility in Virginia, and Dominion, the state s biggest provider of electricity. Via: Politico ",0
20244,"BLACK LIVES MATTER RESPONDS TO Oakland Police Department’s BBQ Invite: “I eat pigs, I don’t eat with them” [VIDEO]","Proving that they really don t want anything to do with improving relations with local law enforcement. This hateful and divisive movement is about reparations and getting special privileges. The Oakland Police Department (OPD) extended an invitation to followers of the Black Lives Matter movement to participate in a barbecue to start a constructive dialogue between the two groups. However, the police were met with flat-out rejection by a spokesperson who referred to law enforcement as  pigs.   A BBQ is definitely not going to stop this blockade,  Karissa Lewis, a self-described  radical black farmer from East Oakland,  told local Fox affiliate KTVU.  And as a radical-black farmer from East Oakland, I eat pigs, I don t eat with them,  she said.According to KTVU, Lewis used the  mic-check call and response technique,  which was popularized at many of the Occupy protests, in order to rally support for her response from fellow protesters, who also rejected the offer. KTVU notes that  many of the activists, at least at this one protest, seemed to be in agreement with her about the offer.  Via: Breitbart News",0
20245,DNC WILL SPEND $60 MILLION To Coronate Crooked Hillary…Says It’s Nobody’s Business Where Money Is Coming From,"At least they re consistent and crooked to the core just like their candidate  Hillary Clinton will be crowned the Democratic presidential candidate in Philadelphia next week at event costing estimated $60 million  Democrats have a $15 million credit line with the city in case their fundraising falls short  Independent journalist is fighting for names of the donors to be made public before convention begins  But host committee tells court hearing that donations should be kept secretThe host committee for the Democratic National Convention wants to keep its donor list under wraps until after the convention even though a state open records agency has ordered its release.A Philadelphia 2016 Host Committee lawyer told a judge Thursday the release of fundraising records could harm the organization s last-minute efforts to seek donations and negotiate vendor contracts.The host committee set out to raise about $60 million from private sources, but secured a $15 million line of credit from the city as a safety net. The committee must therefore file financial updates with the city.Read entire story: Daily Mail",0
20246,ALL WHITES IN BACK…Democrats Prove Their Obsession With Race In One RIDICULOUS Photo,"Nothing says embracing diversity like dividing interns by color and kicking the white interns to the back of the photo.It s pretty fitting that the race obsessed US Rep. from Texas, Sheila Jackson Lee would post such a telling photo on Twitter The Democratic Interns on Capitol Hill 2016 #DemInternSelfie pic.twitter.com/ZzUMl4hKoc  Sheila Jackson Lee (@JacksonLeeTX18) July 20, 2016The photo of Dem interns was supposed to be in response to a Paul Ryan selfie that the Democrats, who can never see past the color of one s skin, posted to show how much more diverse they are.So diversity is kicking White interns to the back of the photo?H/T Weasel ZippersSomething about this picture is eerily similar to the picture taken  of the crowd taken that exposed the segregation of women and men during London s new Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan s speech on the benefits of Britain sticking with the EU. The Muslim women were noticeably segregated from the men as the photo showed them standing behind the men like second class citizens.The Left is all for diversity, as long as it s their kind of diversity ",0
20247,HYSTERICAL! PRO-COP Billboard Causes Controversy And Offends Liberals…But You’ll Love It!,"People are offended by just about everything so it s really no surprise that people in Muncie, Indiana would be offended by a billboard that reads: Hate cops? The next time you need help call a crackhead. It gets the point across! A billboard in Indiana has caused some controversy in the wake of the high-profile police killings and officer-involved shooting deaths of African-American men.The electronic billboard in Muncie caught the eyes of plenty of people around the town Saturday and one person described it as  vulgar  and  discriminatory.  It read  Hate cops? The next time you need help call a crackhead. Megan Thomas told The Star Press on Sunday that she noticed the sign while walking with her niece. She said she was offended by the message, which she alleged was  vulgar, discriminatory to many different classes of people in our city.  She said it also seemed to have been up ahead of a police brutality protest. I was very ashamed that something so dividing was present in Muncie,  she added. Via: Law Officer",0
20248,CRAZY VIDEO: Anarchist Tries To Burn American Flag Then Something Awesome Happens [Video],"A protester at the RNC in Cleveland attempted to light the American flag on fire in a pitiful; attempt at anarchy. She couldn t even light the flag but the beautiful thing is the police step in and yank her up like a rag doll. Awesome! Crowd following group of police who just arrested a woman https://t.co/vPMs0EzZTS #ResistRNC #RNCinCLE pic.twitter.com/QWiBqp7SON  Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) July 20, 2016 ",0
20249,"HILLARY PANDERS TO DOMESTIC TERRORISTS: Woman Whose Husband Demanded Rioters “Burn Down” Ferguson, Beat Up And Robbed Her Mother-In-Law, Will Speak At DNC [VIDEO]","Asking thug, Michael Brown s mom to speak at the DNC is a new low even for Hillary. If the DNC had to have a black mother speak in order to pander to a certain demographic, couldn t they have found a better example? Let s not forget, thanks to the testimony of several black witnesses, Officer Wilson was found innocent of all charges. Why let the facts of this violent thugs case get in the way of pandering for black votes right?  Can the Democrat Party survive the violent image its created thanks to Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, the disciples of Alinsky s chaos, hate and division?DNC CONVENTION OUTRAGE: In summer of cop killings #Hillary invites mom of attempted cop-killer to speak.Here s a great video that outlines the truth about the riot Michael Brown s mom (featured speaker at the DNC) and stepdad incited:In memory of Gentle Mike Brown   his parents Lesley McSpadden and step-dad Louis Head incited a riot in Ferguson after a grand jury refused to indict Officer Darren Wilson.Louis Head screamed:  Burn this b*tch down.  And dozens of Ferguson businesses were burnt to the ground.In October 2014 Michael Brown s mother, grandmother and auntie brawled on the corner of Canfield and West Florissant over the rights to T-shirt sales. Brown s mother Leslie McSpadden reportedly assaulted and robbed grandmother Pearlie Gordon of $1,400.Via Badger Pundit:Via: Gateway Pundit",0
20250,KKK AND BLACK LIVES MATTER Get Into Urine Tossing Fight Outside The GOP Convention [Video],"The video below is a great example of what the Cleveland police officers are dealing with outside of the GOP Convention. Hundreds of protesters got into a chaotic tussle but the police officers (as you can see in the video) were right in the middle to break it up. This is yet another example of what police officers have to deal with urine tossing?  Hundreds of protesters and police took over Public Square in downtown Cleveland yesterday. Some of the larger groups dispersed just after 5 p.m., but about 10-20 new protesters arrived with masks on. Heavy law enforcement presence remained for several hours.Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams was on hand most of the afternoon to try and keep groups calm. Williams said he was shoved by a person trying to get to another protester, however, there were no arrests and no injuries.It s the largest gathering of protest groups and the largest gathering of police since the beginning of the Republican National Convention.Activists from Black Lives Matter, Westboro Baptist Church and the KKK were in the square and, at one time, were throwing urine at each other.KPLC 7 News, Lake Charles, Louisiana Via: kpictv",0
20251,BREAKING: KANSAS CITY POLICE CAPTAIN SHOT DEAD By Multiple Shooters [VIDEO]…#ObamasWarOnCops,"If we had a real President who wasn t spending all of his time acting as the behind-the-scenes leader of the Black Lives Matter movement, encouraging his members to keep up the fight, this nightmare would not be happening A Kansas City, Kansas police captain has been shot and reported killed Tuesday afternoon.According to police, officers responded to a shots fired call at 1:33 p.m. at Second and Edgerton.The caller said multiple people were shooting at him from a vehicle. Officers arrived at the scene at 1:37 p.m., and the suspects fled from the vehicle. An officer took one person into custody. As Melton pursued the other suspects and made contact with one of them at 1:57 p.m., multiple shots were fired, and Melton was hit.Melton was taken to a hospital at 2:22 p.m. and was pronounced dead at 2:55 p.m.Authorities said he was wearing a bullet-resistant vest. KCTV5Police continue to search for the other suspects.  Via: KSHBUPDATE: Police are searching the area for others who were involved. One person is in custody.Police have blocked off 18th Street north of Parallel until 24th Street in their search for suspects.Police swarmed the area with dozens of officers, some with rifles. Several police were taking cover behind cars at 16th and Quindaro by 2:30 p.m. A woman at a house there came out of a home with her hands up. Several officers were kneeling down in the street with their guns drawn toward the home. It was unknown what connection the house has to the shooting.The woman who came out walked up to an officer who was holding a ballistic shield. She stood and talked with the officers. Then she walked away from the officers about 10 feet away toward the home and appeared to be yelling to someone in the house. She told police an 8-year-old and 3-year-old in the home.About 45 minutes later, two small children came out of the house and went to the woman. Police moved them out of the way.Next door to the house, just to the south side of Quindaro just east of 16th Street, is a vacant lot. A dozen officers were clustered at the first house next to the lot. Officers were still crouched behind car in front of the and there were officers stationed at building to the west of the house.About 3:08, a SWAT team approached the house behind ballistic shields. They entered the house. About 3:34 p.m. the officers left the house without anyone. A car was towed from the scene.Read more here: KansasCity.com",0
20252,"MOM AND 3 YOUNG DAUGHTERS Wearing Shorts, T-Shirts STABBED In French Resort Town By Moroccan Man For Being “Scantily Dressed”…”The religious motive of the attack is in no doubt”","Remember when the French used to mock conservatives for being so closed-minded and unaccepting of their liberal values?  Remember when it was cool for Europeans to welcome anyone who wanted to cross their borders into their countries with open arms? A woman and her three daughters have been stabbed in a French resort for being  scantily dressed .An eight-year-old girl was left fighting for her life after the attack in the Garde-Colombe in the Hautes-Alpes region of Southern France.The man is believed to have attacked the three girls outside the family s apartment before entering the building and attacking the mother.Jean-Marc Duprat, a deputy mayor for the town of Laragne-Monteglin in the Hautes-Alpes region said the suspect, who is not related to them, was upset they were wearing shorts and T-shirts.The girls are believed to be aged eight, 12 and 14 while their mother is 46. The knifeman is alleged to have fled the scene by car before being arrested.Amaury Navarranne from the regional council said:  The religious motive of the attack is in no doubt. Via: Metro ",0
20253,"LOL! ACTRESS CHARLIE THERON Tells South Africans AIDS Is “Not transmitted by SEX…“It’s transmitted by sexism, racism, poverty and homophobia” [VIDEO]","Is there really anything more irresponsible than standing before a large group of people on a stage in South Africa and telling them that SEX doesn t transmit AIDS? As long as Theron s a card carrying Hollywood liberal, she gets a pass and anything she says. After all, her reckless remarks were only for the good of the poor blacks in Africa right?The HIV virus can be spread in plenty more ways than just sex, actress Charlize Theron asserted while delivering the opening remarks at the 21st International AIDS Conference in Durban, South Africa on Monday. It  is not just AIDS,  she said.  It is the culture that condones rape and shames victims into silence.  It  is the cycle of poverty and violence that traps girls into teen marriages and forces them to sell their bodies to provide for their families.  It  is the racism that allows the white and the wealthy to exploit the black and the poor and then blame them for their own suffering.  It  is the homophobia that shames and isolates LGBT youth and keeps them from life-saving healthcare and education. HIV is not just transmitted by sex,  Theron added.  It s transmitted by sexism, racism, poverty and homophobia. And if we re going to end AIDS, we have to cure the disease within our own hearts and within our own minds first.  -BreitbartThis certainly isn t the first time the rabid anti-gun actress has made the news (well almost) for making a completely unfounded  and idiotic comment. In May, 2014, Theron compared the media s coverage of her to  rape . When asked by Sky News whether she ever Googled herself, Theron replied,  I don t do that, so that s my saving grace. When you start living in that world, and doing that, you start, I guess, feeling raped. Critics went wild over her twisted analogy. But in the end, she s a Hollywood liberal and much like their good friend in the White House, they re untouchable. The sky is the limit when it comes to the ignorant and irresponsible statements they are able to make without ever being held accountable. ",0
20254,WHOA! BLACK WOMAN FED UP WITH BLACK RACISTS NAILS IT: “Many Black People Voted For Barack Obama Simply Because He Was Black…And Now Your Black god Has Failed You!” [VIDEO],WOW This woman absolutely nails it!,0
20255,UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT APOLOGIZES TO TRAUMATIZED STUDENTS For Allowing Cops To Sleep In Campus Housing During RNC…Makes Them Feel “Unsafe”,"***WARNING***If you are between the ages of 18-23 and believe everything your Leftist teachers and professors are feeding you, and you are offended by pretty much EVERYTHING, you may not want to read this story.Students at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland were so traumatized by the prospect of sharing their campus with armed police officers during the Republican National Convention next week that the university has opted instead to essentially shut down for the week.The students were incensed that school officials had agreed to allow police officers imported to maintain order during the convention to stay in campus housing. More than 300 of them signed an online petition demanding that, among other things, the  riot police  store their weapons off-campus between shifts, restrict themselves exclusively to the residence halls and abide by university rules regarding anti-discrimination and sexual harassment.Some students even asked to be moved to alternative housing for the week, saying the increased police presence caused them to  fear for their safety  following the shooting deaths of two black men in Minnesota and Louisiana. I am scared and concerned for students of color, queer* and trans* students and all university community members at the mercy of an arbitrarily expanded police force without clear oversight or attachment to the community,  wrote one petitioner, Shannon Groll.  Please, protect CWRU as a safe space for all bodies. I am deeply troubled by the presence   even temporarily   of a militarized police force on the CWRU campus,  wrote Keith Fitch.  The number one priority for an educational institution is to guarantee a safe environment for its students, faculty, and staff. Said petitioner Andrew Stark:  The institutionally-sanctioned presence of militarized police forces in an educational environment is unacceptable and contributes to the creation and maintenance of a gendered and racialized space, physically, socially and psychologically unsafe for persons belonging to marginalized groups. TRANSLATION PLEASE!??Police officials assured the students and administration that any officers using the University to bed down during the convention would take care to secure their weapons between shifts, and that officers would be on their best behavior while on campus, but that wasn t enough.Campus administrators, including the campus President Barbara Snyder, tried to take students into consideration and address student requests as best as possible, but Tuesday morning felt they could no longer handle the overwhelming sentiment among the student body and simply closed campus for the week of the RNC.President Snyder apologized profusely in an email to the students who had been  hurt  when the college approved the city s request to house officers.  [I]n answering the city s convention request, we failed to give adequate consideration to the impact the decision would have on members of our community in particular students staying in residence halls near the buildings housing the officers. Classes will now be held off-campus next week, on-campus summer camps have been rescheduled, and students who live on campus or are staying on campus for the summer will receive help finding alternate accommodations.   Heatstreet ",0
20256,OBAMA WARNS COPS TO RECOGNIZE BLACK LIVES MATTER: “If police organizations acknowledge that there’s a problem…that is what is going to ultimately make the job of being a cop a lot safer” [VIDEO],"Watch Barack Obama identify himself as the leader of the Black Lives Matter terror group in video below: In a movement like Black Lives Matter, there s always gonna be folks who say things that are stupid or imprudent. And I don t think you can hold well-meaning activists who are doing the right thing and peacefully protesting responsible for everything that is uttered at a protest site. I would just say that everyone who s concerned about police shootings or racial bias in the criminal justice system that maintaining a truthful and serious and respectful tone is going to help mobilize American society to bring about real change. And that is OUR ultimate objective. Spoken like a true leader of a radical, disruptive, chaotic movement There are legitimate issues that have been raised. And there s data and evidence to back up the concerns that are being expressed by these protesters.Was Barack referring to this data?Or maybe he was referring to this data:We d love to see Barack s data, since every legitimate data we ve seen clearly shows more Whites with a gun are killed by police than Blacks with a gun.",0
20257,COMMUNITY AGITATOR IN CHIEF Warns Republicans: “We Don’t Need Inflammatory Rhetoric”,"Says the guy whose legacy will be a war on cops and the division of America President Barack Obama cautioned Americans from drawing easy conclusions from the shooting attacks that killed three law enforcement officials in Baton Rouge and wounded three others.  As of right now, we don t know the motive of the killer. We don t know whether the killer set out to target police officers or whether he gunned them down as they responded to a call,  the president said at the White House today.He also appeared to caution Republicans using the incident for political attacks, after both he and Hillary Clinton signaled sympathy with anti-police protest groups like Black Lives Matter. We don t need inflammatory rhetoric. We don t need careless accusations thrown around to score political points or to advance an agenda,  he said.  We need to temper our words and open our hearts, all of us. Obama argued that attacks against police officers were not new, but part of an ongoing struggle. We have our divisions, and they are not new,  he said.  Around the clock news cycles and social media sometimes amplify these divisions.  Via: Breitbart ",0
20258,"BATON ROUGE COP KILLER Had “Inspirational” YouTube Channel, Was Racist Member Of Farrakhan’s Nation Of ISLAM: “My Religion Is The Religion Of ‘Justice'” [VIDEO]","This cop killer was a hateful, racist sub-human. He not only hated white people and cops, he bragged about it. The scary thing is, much like ISIS, who has no trouble recruiting people with hate in their hearts, there are no shortage of people to carry out Obama s war on cops in America. These are terrorists and our very own  President  has inspired these people to act on their hate for Whites, for cops and for America. This, is Obama s real legacy The 29 year old ex-marine, Gavin Eugene Long, who ambushed and killed three unsuspecting Baton Rouge police officers on Sunday morning, hated those who did not share his skin-tone and harbored a particular hatred for the police. As revealed in the hours after the shootings, a Youtube account operated by Long under the handle I Am Cosmo where the alleged killer posted dozens of clips, provides insight into what motivated the young man to kill three police officers and wound three more on his 29th birthday.In the Youtube videos, Long rants against  crackers, and makes multiple references to the July 5th killing of Alton Sterling at the hands of police officers only five miles away from Sunday s attack. The videos also detail that Long is a member of the Nation of Islam, labelled a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center for its black supremacist and racist views towards Jews, Asians, and whites which the group s leaders argue have  sucked the blood from and exploited the black community.As Daily Caller details, the 29-year-old was a native of Kansas City, Missouri and was honorably discharged from the Marines in 2010 after reaching the rank of E-5. He preferred to go by the name Cosmo Ausar Setepenra rather than Gavin Eugene Long.In a video published on Thursday, the racist shooter says that  If I would have been there with Alton   Clap  before promoting a book that he wrote that discusses black liberation ideology.  I wrote it for my dark-skinned brothers,  said Long.  If you look at all the rebels like Black Panthers, Huey P. Newton, Malcolm X, and Elijah Muhammad, they was light-skinned. But we know how hard y all got it. https://youtu.be/kGuUq6eUoFwThe assailant also suggested that the black community should buy only from black-owned businesses rather than  working for the white people. In one video Long is heard lamented  working for the white people.  He encouraged one man riding in his vehicle as he filmed using a body camera to shop only at black-owned businesses. He brought up a hypothetical scenario in which a family member who wanted to buy carpet was forced to buy from non-black business owners saying    Who s she going to f  with? The cracker, the Arab, the Chinese? These Arabs, these Indians, they don t give two fucks about us,  said the shooter.Come to think of it, he may have a point. Via: Zero HedgeThis loser has his own Youtube channel. If you care to stomach has cancer-like rhetoric, you can find his channel HERE.",0
20259,#BlackLivesMatter Supporters Say No Connection To Cop Killers…Why We Beg To Differ,"THE COMMON THREAD IN ALL THIS IS HATE   THE HATE COMING FROM: Black Lives Matter, Nation Of Islam and New Black Panthers. They all have a common theme of hate for cops and for white people. The shooter today took the life of fathers, sons and husbands .Here s a BLUE LIFE that mattered. In fact, he mattered a LOT. He mattered to his baby boy who was only months old. He mattered to everyone who loved him and to the neighborhoods and communities he courageously patrolled https://twitter.com/CajunKangaroo/status/754769486310506496 Baton Rougue Police Spokesman L Jean McKneely said in the above press conference that it was not clear how the shooting started on Sunday morning. The shooting took place near a B-Quick Convenience Store on Airline Highway, near Old Hammond Highway. One of the shooters was found dead near the story, reports The Advocate. Police used a robot to find out if there was an explosive device inside the store.CNN reports, citing a source close to the investigation, that police were called to the area when there was a report of a  suspicious person  walking down Airline Highway. The shooting started when police arrived. Shooting was first reported around 8:40 a.m.Baton Rouge Chief Administrative Officer William Daniel told The Advocate that two of the deceased officers were Baton Rouge police officers and the third is an East Baton Rouge Parish sheriff s deputy.   HeavySo who will accept responsibility for this horrific act of hate? Will Black Lives Matter supporters who openly chant  Pigs In a Blanket Fry Like Bacon  assume responsibility? What about our Community Organizer in Chief? What about his lawless AG and the lawless AG before her whose job it is to ensure justice in America, but instead works with Obama to encourage BLM protesters to carry on with their violent protests and disruptions across America And who can forget the ever-popular ""Pigs in a blanket, fry 'em like bacon."" #BatonRouge https://t.co/d4MKWeSst2 https://t.co/GUJxkJvSiA  Elizabeth Alexander (@McSillyson) July 17, 2016Speaking of Community Agitators #BlackLivesMatter chants: ""Pigs [cops] in a blanket, fry 'em like bacon!"" But Obama defends BLM. #BatonRouge pic.twitter.com/YnDyxKLA3s  Dutch Deacon Blues (@ddeaconblues) July 17, 2016Here s a Twitter user reminding BLM of their now famous chants:Well BLM looks like your chants Pigs in a Blanket Fry Em Like Bacon and What Do We Want? Dead Cops . Appears to be working #BatonRouge   YouAreFakeNews (@JeffErick1234) July 17, 2016Here s a Twitter user who takes to Twitter to express his over-the-top hate for our law enforcement:https://twitter.com/SavionWright/status/752021245399412738And then there s this hateful little punk who tweeted this to us:Via: Heavy",0
20260,BREAKING: CLEVELAND POLICE CHIEF Asks Ohio Governor To DECLARE STATE OF EMERGENCY…Suspend Open Carry Laws During RNC,"Obama s war on America just got real These acts of terror need to be treated as such.BREAKING: Cleveland police union chief calls on Ohio governor to declare state of emergency, suspend open carry firearms laws during RNC  Reuters Top News (@Reuters) July 17, 2016Does anyone else find it odd that most of America doesn t even know where the DNC is hosting their convention in two weeks?",0
20261,LIVE FEED…#BatonRouge UPDATE 3 COPS MURDERED…SEVERAL SHOT…Officers Responding To Gunfire Call…#ObamasWarOnCops,"Barack Obama, Eric Holder, Al Sharpton, Hillary Clinton, George Soros and Black Lives Matter OWN this hell they have thrusted on innocent cops and their families #ObamasWarOnAmerica Baton Rouge, LA mayor on @MSNBC: Officers were responding to reports of ""shots fired"" when they were ambushed by 1 or 2 shooters  Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) July 17, 2016Mayor of Baton Rouge, LA tells @MSNBC this was an ""ambush"" on police; 3 officers are dead  Jesse Rodriguez (@JesseRodriguez) July 17, 2016A clip from the Baton Rouge shooting:#BatonRouge mayor says 3 police officers feared dead. Video from local station allegedly shows confrontation: https://t.co/9q0pZTDqvg  AM Joy w/Joy Reid (@amjoyshow) July 17, 2016LIVE FEED:",0
20262,NEW BLACK PANTHER LEADER Sends Warning About Republican Convention [Video],"FOX News reporter Mike Tobin interviewed former New Black Panther leader Malik Shabazz who promised violence on the Republican National Convention: Malik Shabazz: From what I know many of the groups on the left, mainly the white left, and others, I know for a fact that there s going to be the blocking of highways and there s going to be arrests and there s going to be some things. I hear, that s going to go on next week. It s highly likely there s going to be arrests, there s going to be tear gas. It s going to be happening. This is the same man who called police officers  occupiers !",0
20263,FBI AND CIA Host Job Fair In U.S. City With 40% MUSLIM Population…Feeling Safer Yet?,"Who better to help root out terror than a person whose religion forbids them from ratting out someone of their own faith? The FBI and CIA are looking to increase the  diversity  of their agencies and that includes hiring more Arab Americans.One of the ways it hopes to achieve its goal of greater diversity is by holding a career fair in America s most Islamic city   Dearborn, Michigan.In  Stop the Islamization of America: A Practical Guide to the Resistance,  renowned activist Pamela Geller provides the answer, offering proven, practical guidance on how freedom lovers can stop jihadist initiatives in local communities.Notices about the career fair have been posted on the Arab-American Chamber of Commerce s Facebook page, as well as in local news publications in Dearborn.The Press and Guide, for instance, ran a public notice that stated the following; Learn about working for two top government agencies during an informational session being held by The Central Intelligence Agency and Federal Bureau of Investigation. Attendees will learn about both agencies and have the chance to hear about career opportunities as well as network with CIA and FBI representatives. The event takes place at 6 p.m. July 19 at the Ford Motor Company Conference & Event Center, 1151 Village Road, Dearborn. A formal presentation will run from 6 to 7:30 p.m. followed by networking from 7:30 to 8:30. Both the FBI and CIA are seeking to increase diversity within the organizations and find specifically skilled applicants to fulfill critical roles within the agencies. Those at the event will hear about specific job positions and qualifications through a panel discussion as well as the agencies  similarities, strategic differences and shared commitment to thwart threats to national security. Dinner will be provided, but seating is limited. RSVP by July 12 to Christina Petrosian at chrissp@ucia.gov. Petrosian did not immediately respond to emails from WND.Dick Manasseri, communications director for Secure Michigan, a citizen-watchdog group fighting what it sees as the Islamization of Michigan, said he found the advertisements troubling, but not surprising. How can the FBI/CIA vet job applicants when they cannot mention the word Shariah?  Manasseri said.Manasseri was referring to the scrubbing of all FBI training manuals, removing all references to Shariah and Islam that were seen as discriminatory by Muslim groups. That concession was made in response to complaints by the Council of American-Islamic Relations, or CAIR, by then-Deputy National Security Adviser John Brennan, who is now in charge of the CIA. How can the FBI/CIA vet the information provided on applications from Shariah-adherents who are encouraged to lie to non-Muslims when it furthers the goals of Shariah?  Manasseri told WND.The Obama administration has also invited former CAIR officials into its circle of advisers within the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. The opportunities for further federal government infiltration increases the probability that we will see Shariah courts in Southeast Michigan before long,  Manasseri said.Dearborn s population is about 40 percent Arab and includes both Sunni and Shiite Muslims. A minority of the Arab-American community in Dearborn are Christian.And the Dearborn area is getting more Muslim by the month thanks to the current Syrian refugee program being carried out by President Obama. Just in the last nine months the U.S. State Department has delivered 143 Syrians to Dearborn for permanent resettlement.Another 174 Syrians have been sent to Troy, which is only 25 miles north of Dearborn.Michigan has been targeted to receive nearly half of the 10,000 Syrian refugees Obama has promised the United Nations he would admit into the U.S.After getting off to a slow start, Syrian arrivals are now occurring by the hundreds per day. On Wednesday another 249 Syrians arrived in the U.S. for permanent resettlement.Obama s pledge of 10,000 Syrian refugees in fiscal 2016, which ends Sept. 30, now appears to be a deadline he will make. His State Department has delivered nearly 60 percent of the 10,000 with two and a half months to go. Via: WND ",0
20264,BRUTALLY HONEST BILLBOARD Turns Heads In State With Exploding Muslim Immigrant Population,"American citizens should be more concerned about the Left and the leftist media s attempt to HIDE the brutal truth about Sharia in America, than a billboard that gives readers an opportunity to learn the truth.In a state that doesn t tolerate any discussion of what the massive influx of Somali refugees has done to their neighborhoods and schools, this billboard will likely be a hot topic in Minnesota. Recently, the Minnesota Governor told his constituents to  Leave the state  if they don t like the massive influx off Muslims. Watch the INCREDIBLE VIDEO HERE. [Video]A billboard of a woman in a niqab went up on I-94 in Rogers at the beginning of June, prompting calls to the sign company from the public. Copy was added to the billboard in July, which now reads  Should America Fear Sharia? The billboard is sponsored by the Center for Security Policy, a Washington, D.C. based national security think tank. The site shouldamericafearsharia.org consists mostly of links to videos discussing different topics about Islam and Islamic extremism.The billboard was contracted out by the Center with Franklin Outdoor Advertising, a billboard company in Minnesota and Wisconsin. The billboard went up the beginning of June,  Franklin salesperson Chris Barta said,  Last Friday we switched it out and put up the one with the website. The website advertisement billboard will be up from July 1st through the end of the month when the advertisement contract expires.The Center for Security Policy s website contains articles and videos on national security threats of Islamic terrorism.In the wake of the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, the Center s executive vice president Jim Hanson called the attack,  completely in keeping with totalitarian Islamic code called Shariah. Franklin Outdoor Advertising received a number of calls from the public regarding the billboard according to Barta, mostly in June when there was no text accompanying the image on the sign.  AlphaNewsh/t Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
20265,WHOA! 8 ACTUAL QUOTES FROM HILLARY That Prove She’s Unfit To Clean The Bathrooms In Our White House [VIDEO],"Hillary came out with a heavily edited TV ad yesterday,  calling Trump s ability to be a role model into question. Here is the video: Really Hillary? You re worried about Trump being a role model? Here are few of Hillary s greatest hits that have been revealed by those closest to her while either acting as our First Lady or in some capacity as a  public servant . ***STRONG LANGUAGE WARNING****1)  Where is the God damn flag? I want the God damn fucking flag up every morning at fucking sunrise . Hillary to staff at the Arkansas Governor s mansion on Labor Day 1991. From the book  Inside the White House  by Ronald Kessler, p. 244(2)  Fuck off! It s enough I have to see you shit-kickers every day! I m not going to talk to you, too! Just do your Goddamn job and keep your mouth shut.  Hillary to her State Trooper bodyguards after one of them greeted her with  Good Morning.  From the book  America Evita  by Christopher Anderson, p.90(3)  If you want to remain on this detail, get your fucking ass over here and grab those bags!  Hillary to a Secret Service Agent who was reluctant to carry her luggage because he wanted to keep his hands free in case of an incident. From the book  The First Partner  p. 25(4)  Stay the fuck back, stay the fuck back away from me! Don t come within ten yards of me, or else! Just fucking do as I say, Okay!!?  Hillary screaming at her Secret Service detail. From the book  Unlimited Access  by Clinton  s FBI Agent-in-Charge, Gary Aldridge, p.139(5)  Where s the miserable cock sucker?  (otherwise known as  Bill Clinton ) Hillary shouting at a Secret Service officer. From the book  The Truth about Hillary  by Edward Klein, p. 5(6)  You fucking idiot  Hillary to a State Trooper who was driving her to an event. From the book  Crossfire  ~pg. 84(7)  Put this on the ground! I left my sunglasses in the limo. I need those fucking sunglasses! We need to go back!  Hillary to Marine One helicopter pilot to turn back while in route to Air Force One. From the book   Dereliction of Duty  p. 71-72(8)  Come on Bill, put your dick up! You can t fuck her here!!  Hillary to Gov. Bill Clinton when she spots him talking with an attractive female. From the book  Inside the White House  by Ronald Kessler, p. 243Additionally, when she walked around the White House, NO ONE was permitted to look her in the eye, they all had to lower their heads with their eyes towards the ground whenever she walked by. Clearly she is a class act!This ill-tempered, violent, loud-mouth, hateful and abusive woman wants to be your next President, and have total control as Commander-in-Chief of our Military, the very Military for which she has shown incredible disdain throughout her public life .Now it will be clear why the crew of  Marine One  helicopter nick-named the craft,  Broomstick ONE   Via: TruthFeedAs an added BONUS we ve included a clip from an interview that was filmed in Africa.Hillary shows her true colors when a female student speaking broken English accidentally refers to Barack Obama as  Mr. Clinton . Her overreaction to this woman s innocent error shows what really happens when you unintentionally displease the Queen of the Democrat party Watch HERE",0
20266,WAS MURDERED 27 YEAR OLD DEMOCRAT Operative About To Blow The Whistle On VOTER FRAUD When He Was Shot In The Back? [VIDEO],"Seth Rich was hired by the Democrat Party as the official  voter expansion data director.  Although there is no connection yet, he was clearly privy to information that could potentially harm the Democrat Party, and more specifically Hillary Clinton s chances of winning the election in November.  He was shot in the back several times but wasn t robbed. He was left to die a short distance from his home in gun-free Washington D.C . Possible Whistle Blower on Democratic Party Voter #Fraud assassinated in Washington DC,not in MsM https://t.co/Cbem0AJvw5 #DNC  Egypt Built (@HosamDakhakhni) July 12, 2016Rich s death isn t the only suspicious death with ties to the Clintons. A UN official tied to the Clintons was found in his apartment with his throat crushed by a barbell last month The UN claimed he died of a heart attack. Read HERE.Washington DC police are offering a $25,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the killer or killers of Seth Rich, the idealistic young DNC employee who was mysteriously shot multiple times in the back on Sunday night in affluent Northwest DC.At the same time, police are still not giving out any more information about the investigation beyond saying that they have not yet connected the killing to a robbery. Officers have been canvassing the once-cheery Bloomingdale neighborhood where Rich lived and died, knocking on doors and asking for information.There is still no suspect, no motive, and no arrests. As a result, conspiracy theories about Rich s murder continue to fly around Washington and around social media worldwide.Rich was shot while walking home after 4 a-m on Sunday morning. He was on the phone with his girlfriend just before the attack. Police say his body bore injuries indicating that Rich fought for his life.Rich s father told the local TV station in his hometown of Omaha that the killers took nothing from his son s body. If it was a robbery-it failed because he still has his watch, he still has his money-he still has his credit cards, still had his phone so it was a wasted effort except we lost a life,  Joel Rich told KMTV.At a Tuesday news conference about DC crime statistics, DC Police Chief Cathy L. Lanier, stated that overall robberies were down in the city. When asked specifically about Seth Rich s murder, she said it has not been determined whether his death could be linked to a robbery.Conspiracy theories abound over Rich s death. The most controversial theory is that Rich was on his way, in the dead of night, to meet with the FBI and inform on alleged voter fraud by Hillary Clinton and DNC boss Debbie Wasserman Schultz. The theory goes that he was murdered to keep him silent.  HeatStreetAnita Moncreif worked for ACORN during Obama sHere are some interesting facts surrounding the Clinton connections with Seth Rich:SETH RICH was a young Washington D.C insider, hired by the Democratic National Committee/Convention, who was assassinated early this morning, July 11th. He was hired by Democratic National Committee Chairwoman (and former co-chair of HILLARY Clinton s 2008 campaign) Debbie Wasserman-Schultz in June 2014 as the official  voter expansion data director  for this election season.Here is what I personally find suspicious about his very recent death:Debbie Wasserman-Schultz criticized the Bernie Sanders campaign of hacking into the NGP VAN voter database back in December of last year. NGP VAN has previously contributed to the Clinton campaign. In addition, it could have been entirely possible, given the many scandals surrounding Clinton, that the Clinton campaign may have taken crucial information or restricted the Sanders campaign from having stronger momentum in the days leading up to the Iowa primary. This is an entirely different topic though. Certainly Mr. Rich would have been aware of the particular data hacked or taken at this time.Mr. Rich was hired by the DNC in June 2014. Earlier in 2014, the Clintons announced a voter initiative project meant at counteracting voter ID laws & the stripping of provisions in the 1964 Civil Rights Act. Another intention of this collaboration with the DNC was to increase voter turnout. Mrs. Wasserman-Schultz at the time said she wished to make sure that  everyone who wants to vote and is eligible has an opportunity to register, has an opportunity to turnout and can have their vote accurately counted.  However, it has been noted continuously by progressive media and r/sandersforpresident that Mrs. Wasserman-Schultz has deliberately done everything in her power to discourage voters from having their voices heard/accurately counted, thus creating another shield for Hillary Clinton from potentially losing to an  outsider  progressive. Could Mr. Rich have expressed a personal conflicting opinion after the NGP VAN leak which would ve made Mrs. Wasserman-Schultz more angry?Another Reddit user on r/politics noticed that Mr. Rich s LinkedIn Page detailed his work for a firm called Greenberg Quinlan Rosner. The CEO of this firm is a man named Stan Greenberg, a man who was a leading political strategist for Bill Clinton during his presidency. This man also re-branded BP as a  green  petroleum company. Is it possible that Mr. Rich was aware of the public s disdain for oil industry/fracking? Clearly going against the oil industry would mean a significant loss of profits. The U.S, as it is, has been oil dependent for ages, and the fight to change the climate has never been hotter than right now.In the months leading up to the BP oil spill, Mr. Rich was also a legislative affairs consultant for another firm called  Kissel E & S Associates.  When I happened to google  Kissel E&S Associates, Clinton , one of the front page results led to a University of Nebraska paper, and written during Hillary Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State. This paper is titled  Conflicts in the Licensing Process for TransCanada s Keystone XL Pipeline.  The Keystone XL Pipeline is one of the MANY positions on which Hillary Clinton has flip-flopped on. Could Mr. Rich have dissented with some very powerful oil company interests who were looking to negotiate a backroom deal with the DNC?Mr. Rich also happened to previously work for former Nebraska Senator & Governor Ben Nelson. Former Senator Nelson happens to be a more conservative-leaning Democrat, but he also happened to be on the Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittees on Homeland Security/Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and was a member of the International Conservation Caucus. Senator Nelson, in 2010, was the deciding vote to help block a Wall Street reform bill. He also contributed a crucial vote to help pass Obamacare back in 2009. Senator Nelson also suddenly quit his position in 2013, and was at the center of the Obamacare Supreme Court ruling last year. Finally, I don t think that this is related to the conspiracy theory at hand, but last October, his daughter died from an accidental fall.Mr. Rich was murdered in the back by an unknown assailant with a gun. At 4:20 in the morning. Near Howard University. Not exactly the type of person who would be targeted in a nicer area of D.C. (I am aware D.C has lots of impoverished areas/urban decay.) The District of Columbia happens to have a ban on the sale or purchase of handguns, but nearby Virginia has some of the most relaxed gun laws in the country. And although there are many insiders who work for Washington D.C, wouldn t it take someone with intelligence to know and particularly target somebody who happened to have crucial intelligence that could decide this election?The police, as of July 11, don t have any suspects, witnesses, or surveillance footage at this time. They also refused to comment if it was possibly related to recent robberies in the neighborhood. It can be disputed that this was but a botched robbery, however, because nothing was taken from Mr. Rich s dead body. One of the earliest rumored victims of the  Clinton body count  was Mary Mahoney, who died in a similar fashion as she was about to testify against Bill Clinton (and who had nothing taken from her body at the time of her death.) (In comparison, The Manson family didn t steal anything from Sharon Tate s house when they brutally murdered her and others. The Family was also accused of killing multiple potential dissenters during and after Manson s trial, for a sickening comparison.)The TIMING of this tragedy seems too  coincidental /accurately timed. I think/know that:8a. Mr. Rich s sudden death comes the day before Bernie Sanders is set to endorse Hillary Clinton at a party unity rally tomorrow. Chairwoman-elect of the Nebraska Democratic Party (Rich s home state), Jane Kleeb, spoke of Rich as  a young Nebraskan who worked on campaigns and stood for progressive issues. 8b. As of Monday the 11th, the Democratic National Convention is set to take place in exactly two weeks, and the Republican National Convention in exactly one. In addition, Bernie Sanders is set to speak at FDR Park on the 24th, about where the  political revolution  goes from here.8c. Hillary-supporting Governor of Connecticut Dan Malloy is currently under investigation over a Cigna merger. Hillary-supporting U.S Rep Corinne Brown is also currently under investigation over her super-gerrymandered Florida district (Wasserman-Schultz is from Florida).8d. There are currently RICO lawsuits investigating multiple counts of electoral fraud, and surprisingly, these lawsuits are pulling through the courts and gaining traction. Mr. Rich could have been aware of the American people actually standing a chance with these lawsuits, and given his access to crucial voter data, could have decided to be a DNC defector and testify on behalf of the people in charge of these electoral fraud lawsuits. 8e. There is still a possibility that Russia/Julian Assange has DNC information and could be planning to leak it to the public in time for the convention. Mr. Rich could have known of this.",0
20267,“ON DAY OF #NiceAttack Hillary Announces AMNESTY For Anyone Who Stealthily Evades Our Border Patrol”,"Lawless, Crooked Hillary promises to continue with Obama s arrogant, lawless push to flood America with people who have illegally entered our nation Democrat voters. Our nation and our nation s security won t survive another four years of Obama h/t to the brilliant Jon Feere, Legal Policy Analyst at the Center for Immigration Studies.  The CIS is one of the best sources in America for keeping up with our immigration crisis in America. From Hillary s website:Hillary will:Enact comprehensive immigration reform to create a pathway to citizenship, keep families together, and enable millions of workers to come out of the shadows.Defend President Obama s executive actions to provide deportation relief for DREAMers and parents of Americans and lawful residents, and extend those actions to additional persons with sympathetic cases if Congress refuses to act.Promote naturalization and support immigrant integration. End family detention and close private immigrant detention centers.Hillary s not just advocating for making lawbreakers legal citizens of the United States, she s also planning to bring millions of Muslims from countries who hate us to America, and fast-track them to citizenship:If elected president, Hillary Clinton could permanently resettle close to one million Muslim migrants during the first term of her presidency alone, according to the latest available data from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).Between 2001 and 2013, the U.S. permanently resettled 1.5 million Muslim migrants on green cards. However, under Hillary Clinton s stated proposals, Muslim immigration would grow substantially faster, adding nearly one million Muslim migrants to the U.S. during her first term alone.Based on the most recent available DHS data, the U.S. permanently resettled roughly 149,000 migrants from predominantly Muslim countries on green cards in 2014. Yet Clinton has said that, as President, she would expand Muslim migration by importing an additional 65,000 Syrian refugees into the United States during the course of a single fiscal year. Clinton has made no indication that she would limit her proposed Syrian refugee program to one year.Clinton s Syrian refugees would come on top of the tens of thousands of refugees the U.S. already admits from Muslim countries.Adding Clinton s 65,000 Syrian refugees to the approximately 149,000 Muslim migrants the U.S. resettled on green cards in the course of one year, means that Clinton could permanently resettle roughly 214,000 Muslim migrants in her first year as President. If Clinton were to continue her Syrian refugee program throughout her Presidency, she could potentially resettle as many as 856,000 during her first term alone.Analysis from the Senate Immigration Subcommittee found that Clinton s plan to expand refugee resettlement could cost U.S. taxpayers over $400 billion.Additionally, once Clinton s Syrian refugees are in the U.S. as green card holders, they will have the ability to bring over their family members through chain migration.With regards to Middle Eastern migration, Clinton s 65,000 Syrian refugees would be added on top of the roughly 96,000 Middle Eastern migrants the U.S. resettled on green cards in a single year. Based on the minimum numbers Clinton has put forth thus far, as President, she could potentially resettle approximately 644,000 Middle Eastern migrants during her first term alone.According to a September 2015 Rasmussen survey, women voters oppose Clinton s Middle Eastern refugee plan by a remarkable 21-to-1 margin. Democrat voters oppose Clinton s refugee plan by a 17-to-1 margin. Most remarkably, 85 percent of black voters oppose Clinton s refugee agenda  with less than one percent of black voters supporting her plan.Yet Clinton s expansion to Muslim migration would be in addition to her expansion for immigration overall.U.S. Census data shows that if a President Hillary Clinton were successful in passing a Gang of Eight-style immigration expansion bill, the U.S. could permanently resettle roughly 9.4 million migrants throughout the nation during her first term alone. This figure does not include the additional 11 million illegal immigrants already here to whom Clinton has promised amnesty and U.S. citizenship.Clinton s desire to expand immigration is shared by GOP House Speaker Paul Ryan, who leads the pro-Islamic migration wing of the Republican Party.  Breitbart",0
20268,NEW VIDEO: NICE TERROR ATTACK…What The Media’s NOT Telling You,SHARE this video everywhere. We cannot allow the leftist media to control this narrative. Our freedom and our way of life is on the line ,0
20269,BLACK LIVES MATTER TERRORISTS Take To Social Media: ANGRY Over Attention Given to FRANCE TERROR VICTIMS,"There are no words for these selfish sub-humans Here are a couple of profiles from Twitter of the people tweeting about BLM being ignored because of Nice terror tragedy. They have both made their Twitter accounts private:We found this sweet self-described  Georgia Peach  listed as a  Fashion Contributor  at company called xoNecole.com Feel free to send a message to her boss on their Facebook page. Click HERE for link.Here s another pathetic Twitter user: @_nehoda_ who whined about the attention victims of the Nice terror attack were taking from the BLM movement. She s lists herself as living in London, but calls Egypt  the motherland ?? Hmmm How does a Muslim woman living in London get hooked up with BLM terrorists in US?And then there s the other Muslim living in London who s a bit more brash with his tweets: Don't #PrayForNice we are fighting a civil war against whites. #BLM  Andre Johnson (@LarryKingfisher) July 15, 2016Here are a few replies to Omar s tweet:Here are a few of this Muslim punk s remarks threatening a caliphate and boasting about how the Muslims have already won the war against the West:Here s real bright guy who s got nothing better to do than take to Twitter complaining about  the plight of black people on the day after a major terror attack that killed over 80 people. Never mind that people just lost their husbands, wives, children, kids, friends, relatives or co-workers.Some white people die in Europe and now the media can ignore the plight of black people being exterminated #blacklivesmatter #NiceAttack  Bob Schmidt (@bobschmidt857) July 15, 2016We tryna rise up for equality n somehow a 'muslim' attacks people? #BlackLivesMatter #FakeShit #NiceAttack  Daye Hazit (@YurBoyDW) July 15, 2016The real tragedy about the #NiceAttack is that it takes the spotlight away from #BlackLivesMatter  TheAltRightProfessor (@NationalistProf) July 14, 2016And finally this guy nails it:Nice job with PR #BlackLivesMatter Nothing makes people want to support you like whining about ""getting the limelight stolen"" by #NiceAttack  Pink Snow kitty (@HugoThePinkCat) July 15, 2016",0
20270,WOW! WASHED UP LIBERAL CHER Uses Tweet About France Terror Attack To Remind Followers She Once Won An Award There,"Translation: I m so sorry for your loss but wanted to use this  moment to point out I won an award for my acting in Nice!Literate translation of Cher s illiterate tweet: My  broken heart  (emoji translation) goes out to people of France. I was just THERE. France is the world s Treasure box (heart emoji). Spent MANY (misspelled in tweet) July s SIMCER70 s (not sure what that means). won Cannes (misspelled Cannes) Best Actress for  Mask My goes out 2PPL OF FRANCE. I Was Just THERE. France is the worlds Treasure box Spent MANNY JULY S SIMCER70swon Canne Best Actress 4 mask  Cher (@cher) July 15, 2016",0
20271,"BRITISH ACTRESS NAILS IT: Do you think ISIS cares about “pathetic hashtags, prayers or candles”?…”Stop waiting to be SLAUGHTERED and DEMAND our leaders DO something!” [VIDEO]","Pathetic Predictably impotent. We are not united we are divided. We do not stand strong. We sit like ducks. Waiting to be shot. Helpless, pathetic, slow.Mohamed took a truck and drove it into men, women and children celebrating Bastille day in Nice. He killed 84.And who yet knows of the horrors still to spew from hospital wards   lives fractured, crumpled, crushed.One minute they were jubilant, locals and tourists alike celebrating Bastille day together. The next, lying splintered on the floor.And the most sickening thing of all   worse than spilt blood, fractured bodies, children with legs contorted out of human control, the reek of death, is our horribly sanitized response to it all.Pathetic. Predictably impotent.Evil mowed us down in a monster truck. And we tweeted like lethargic birds between Egyptian cotton sheets.Celebrities rushed to social media with their message  not again , designers comforted with a patriotic graphic, tea candles were lit and instagrammed. There will be a vigil in a public square. Again. A hashtag is born #PrayForNice, exploding into a thousand others as people want to #PrayFor France or #PrayForHumanity, failing to acknowledge the horrible truth that this attack was done in some spurious god s name. You want to pray for Nice?You think religion will help solve this? Religion and its bonkers side-shoots are the problem.That s true if you re talking about the religion of hate Katie, but Christians, Jews and Hindu s don t subscribe to killing innocent people to gain entry to heaven. -100 Percent FED UP!Politicians tell us to stand united. The Prime Minister of France has said he will not allow the country to be destabilised. President Hollande reminds us terrorism will not be tolerated.Well big news: France IS destabilised   in a perpetual state of Emergency. We do not stand united. We are divided, we are ripped apart. And yet we tolerate it every time.We do not stand strong. We sit like ducks. Waiting to be shot. Helpless, pathetic, slow.French Pres. Hollande hours before #NiceAttack: ""What threatens us is the rise of populism."" https://t.co/X9HR4Jw2fE pic.twitter.com/kyBedUfKlW  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) July 15, 2016We are reminded to be more tolerant. Liberal lefties takes to the airways lecturing at us, not to react. To remind us of the good and humanity in most people.Muslim mayors stand and tell us we will be there, shoulder-to-shoulder with France, reminding us Mohamed has nothing to do with ordinary Muslims or Islam.As with every other time, someone from the BBC informs us many of the victims will have been Muslim, as if that helps. Trying to give credence to the notion Islam can t be blamed because Muslims died too. And again, we hear a familiar refrain. The suspect was known to the police   he had a  fiche S  on his file marking his links to terror and ISIS.He was a French national from Tunisia. (Why are they always French-Tunisians, never Tunisian/French? What do you think he called himself?)Via: Daily Mail",0
20272,WASHINGTON RESTAURANT Tells Local Sheriff Deputies They’re Not Welcome…Tells Them To “Spread the word” [VIDEO],"Except when someone tries to rob them or break into their home or restaurant then, of course the sheriff deputies will be welcome Are you feeling  lucky? SEDRO-WOOLLEY, Wash.   The sheriff of a county about 70 miles north of Seattle says a restaurant owner has asked that law enforcement no longer dine there.Skagit County Sheriff Will Reichardt said on Facebook that after four deputies finished lunch at Lucky s Teriyaki in Sedro-Woolley Thursday, the owner asked them not to eat there anymore.Reichardt says the deputies were told that customers didn t like law enforcement there. The sheriff says his chief deputy called the owner later Thursday and says the request was confirmed along with a request to spread the word among other law enforcement agencies.UPDATE: The owner of the Lucky Teriyaki broke down in tears Thursday night and said cops are welcome at his restaurant   will even get free meals on Monday   after a public backlash to a report by the Skagit County sheriff said the man had told deputies that law enforcement officers were no longer welcome at his establishment.The man s son said it had all been a misunderstanding and he apologized for the incident.WATCH HERE: The incident came to light on Thursday when Skagit County Sheriff Will Richard posted a message on his Facebook page that he was left  speechless  after learning that the owner of the teriyaki restaurant asked his deputies not to return to eat there because  other customers didn t like law enforcement there.   Q13FOX",0
20273,TODAY: LIST OF U.S. CITIES Where “DAY OF RAGE” Is Reportedly Planned…Scott Air Force Base Posts Warning,"Isn t it great when the day after a major terror attack in France, citizens can wake up in America, and fear more organized chaos and violence in cities across the nation? A group claiming to be the hacktivist group Anonymous, along with a number of other radical activist groups, is calling for a nationwide day of protesting on Friday, July 15th. Day of Rage protests are being planned by various groups in dozens of major cities throughout the country and police are gearing up for some major problems.   Off Grid SurvivalScott Air Force Base has posted a warning to Facebook about a possible protest this Friday at the St. Louis Arch. The  Day of Rage  protests are planned at the same time in cities across the United States. A group calling itself part of  Anonymous  is planning protests on Friday, July 15th to stand with the Black Lives Matter movement. Other members of Anonymous say the planned protests are not going to happen.Scott Air Force Base origionally posted this message to Facebook at around 10am Thursday: Please be advised that the Air Force Office of Special Investigations has posted a safety warning not to be at the Gateway Arch in St. Louis, at 6 p.m. on Friday, July 15 due to potential protests and criminal activity. Please be safe and avoid this area during that time. They have updated the post since it went viral with this message:The potential protests are in solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement and the victims of police brutality. It is a reaction to last week s officer involved shootings of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile. Anonymous posted a YouTube warning on Saturday: We are calling on a collective day of rage. A day of action centered around civil disobedience and the right to protest.To police departments across the United States. We are not your enemy. However, it is in your hands if you want us to stay that way or not. We will not be silenced and we will not be intimidated.To the St. Anthony and the Baton Rouge Police Departments, we ve already launched attacks on your virtual infrastructure. We are prepared to release every single piece of evidence that will expose your corruption and blatant disregard for human life.Once again we are calling upon the citizens of the United States, in conjunction with the Black Lives Matter movement as well as other civil rights activists, to participate in a day of action against the injustices of corrupt officers. On Friday, July 15th, we will all flood the streets at strategic locations in order to maximize our voice. The locations and times will be located in the description below. Tell your family, tell your friends. We will change the world together. Our freedom depends on it.   Fox2NowHere is the list of cities where the #DayOfRage is supposedly planned:Please be careful if you live in these cities, and you may want to consider getting out of town on Friday:Phoenix: 5:00PM (EASTLAKE PARK, 1549 E Jefferson St , Phoenix, AZ 85034) Tuscon: 5:00PM (CATALINA PARK, 900 N 4th Avenue, Tucson, AZ 85705) Little Rock: 6:00PM (OUTSIDE STATE CAPITOL BUILDING, Dr Martin Luther King Jr Dr., Little Rock, AR 72201) San Francisco: 4:00PM (CIVIC CENTER PLAZA, 355 Mcallister St, San Francisco, California 94102) Oakland: 4:00PM (FRANK OGAWA PLAZA, 1 Frank H Ogawa Plaza, Oakland, CA 94612) Los Angeles: 4:00PM (LEIMERT PLAZA PARK, 4395 Leimert Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90008) Denver: 5:00PM (CIVIC CENTER PARK, 100 W 14th Ave Pkwy, Denver, Colorado 80204) Washington DC: 7:00PM (OUTSIDE WHITE HOUSE, 1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW, Washington, DC 20500) Atlanta: 7:00PM (OLD DECATUR COURTHOUSE, 101 E Court Sq, Decatur, GA 30030) Tampa: 7:00PM (OUTSIDE HILLSBOROUGH COURTHOUSE, 800 E Twiggs St, Tampa, FL) Orlando: 7:00PM (LAKE EOLA PARK, 195 N Rosalind Ave, Orlando, Florida 32801) Miami: 7:00PM (GWEN CHERRY PARK, NW 71 St., Miami, Florida, 33147) Chicago: 6:00PM (RICHARD J DALEY CENTER, 50 W Washington St, Chicago, Illinois 60602) Des Moines: 6:00PM (IOWA STATE CAPITOL, 1007 E Grand Ave, Des Moines, IA 50319) New Orleans: 6:00PM (LAFAYETTE SQUARE, New Orleans, LA 70130) Baltimore: 7:00PM (201 E Pratt St, Baltimore, MD 21202) Boston: 7:00PM (MASSACHUSETTS STATE HOUSE, 24 Beacon St, Boston, MA 01233) Detroit: 7:00PM (Campus Martius Park, Detroit, Michigan 48226) Lansing: 7:00PM (STATE CAPITOL BUILDING, Capitol Avenue at Michigan Avenue, Lansing, MI 48933) Ann Arbor: 7:00PM (THE DIAG, Burns Park, Ann Arbor, MI 48109) Minneapolis: 6:00PM (MINNEAPOLIS URBAN LEAGUE, 2100 Plymouth Ave N, Minneapolis, MN 55411 St. Louis: 6:00PM (GATEWAY ARCH, St. Louis 63102) Carson City: 4:00PM (NEVADA STATE CAPITOL BUILDING, 101 N Carson St, Carson City, Nevada 89701) Manhattan, NY: 7:00PM (TIMES SQUARE, Manhattan, NY, 10036) Newark: 7:00PM (NEWARK CITY HALL, 920 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102) Durham: 7:00PM (200 E. Main St. Durham, North Carolina) Columbus: 7:00PM (GOODALE PARK, Columbus, Ohio 43215) Cleveland: 7:00PM (CLEVELAND PUBLIC LIBRARY, 325 Superior Ave E, Cleveland, Ohio 44114) Portland: 4:00PM (PIONEER COURTHOUSE SQUARE, 701 SW 6th Ave, Portland, Oregon 97204) Philadelphia: 7:00PM (LOVE PARK, 1599 John F Kennedy Blvd, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102) Pittsburgh: 7:00PM (PITTSBURGH CITY-COUNTY BUILDING, 414 Grant St, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219) Nashville: 6:00PM (801 Broadway Nashville, TN 37203 Estes Kefauver Federal Building) Memphis: 6:00PM (Health Sciences Park Memphis, TN) Austin: 6:00PM (TEXAS STATE CAPITOL, Outside South Gate-11th and Congress Ave.) Salt Lake City: 5:00PM (SALT LAKE CITY COMMUNITY COLLEGE, 4600 S Redwood Rd, Salt Lake City, Utah 84123) Seattle: 4:00PM (QUEEN ANNE BAPTIST CHURCH, 2011 1st Ave N, Seattle, Washington 98109) Milwaukee: 5:00PM (DINEEN PARK, Milwaukee, Wisconsin)h/t Off Grid Survival ",0
20274,POLICE IN GERMANY BEGIN RAIDS On Homes Of Facebook Users Who Post “Hate Speech” Against Refugees,"If Facebook has aligned themselves with Germany to restrict the free speech of its users, what makes us so sure they won t do the same thing in the US with Obama or (God forbid) a Hillary presidency? And wouldn t Germany be better off focusing their policing efforts on the over 1 million freeloaders and terrorists they ve just admitted into Germanista?Police in Germany have started carrying out raids in peoples homes in an attempt to prosecute people for inciting  hate speech  on Facebook.A press release from Germany s federal police agency confirmed that around 60 homes were searched this week as a result of people posting messages deemed as extreme by the German authorities. The action carried out today shows that the authorities are acting firmly against hate on the internet, which has grown considerably in the wake of the refugee situation,  said Holger M nch, head of the BKA, said in the statement. Attacks on refugees are often the result of radicalization, which begins on social networks. These words should not poison the social climate,  he continued.The move comes after it was revealed in January that Mark Zuckerberg had teamed up with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in order to censor people s frustrations with her migrant policy, when she decided to open up Germany s borders to millions of migrants last year.Facebook consequently introduced a policy where they agreed to remove anything deemed as  hate speech  within 24 hours.  Bretibart News",0
20275,SWEDEN IS SCREWED: “Women Who Don’t Wear Headscarf Are Asking To Be Raped”,"How very diverse! These refugees sure know how to assimilate in their new host countries don t they?Stickers calling for democracy to be replaced with Islam and for women who do not wear a veil to be raped have appeared in public places in Sweden. They have been reported to the police. Pictures of the stickers, which have been stuck to objects on streets in Nybro, Sm land, have been circulating on social media.Jihad Watch   Surprised? Don t be. The Qur an teaches that Infidel women can be lawfully taken for sexual use (cf. its allowance for a man to take  captives of the right hand,  4:3, 4:24, 23:1-6, 33:50, 70:30). The Qur an says:  O Prophet, tell your wives and your daughters and the women of the believers to bring down over themselves of their outer garments. That is more suitable that they will be known and not be abused. And ever is Allah Forgiving and Merciful.  (33:59) The implication there is that if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused, and that such abuse would be justified.How these Muslim migrants have enriched Sweden!One of the stickers reads, in English:  Women who don t wear a headscarf are asking to be raped.  Another reads:  No democracy. We just want Islam,  Fria Tider has reported.The stickers have been reported to the police who are currently investigating who placed them there, but admitted that at the moment they do not know who is behind them.The appearance of the stickers comes just weeks after a number of stickers appeared in nearby Emmaboda bearing the message  Multiculturalism is bad for your children and your grandchildren.  However, those stickers were emblazoned with  Nordfront , the Swedish branch of the Nordic Resistance Movement, a national socialist movement. They were also stylised, made to look like the health warnings carried on cigarette packets.But unlike the Nordfront stickers, the Islamist stickers feature plain white text on a plain dark grey background with no logo or marking to indicate who placed them. Consequently, while some people have argued that they were placed by newly arrived asylum seekers with an agenda to promote Islam in Sweden, others have argued that they could be the work of Swedes seeking to  incite hatred  against the immigrants.In that respect, the controversy closely resembles a recent case in which leaflets were posted through letterboxes in Manchester, England, calling on British people not to walk their dogs in public in order for the area to be kept  pure  for Muslims. As citizens of a multicultural nation, those who live in the UK must learn to understand and respect the legacy and lifestyle of the Muslims who live alongside them,  the leaflets read.They were distributed by a group called Public Purity, who stated on their website their intention to have all dogs removed from the public sphere in Britain to keep Muslims pure.  If dogs are not permitted to be present in public, Muslims could live their lives with a burden lifted from their shoulders and without having to fear being tainted with no fault of their own,  the group argued.Via: Breitbart ",0
20276,OBAMA WILL SEND REPRESENTATIVE To Alton Sterling Funeral…Couldn’t Be Bothered With Supreme Court Justice Scalia’s Funeral,"It s almost like our Community Agitator in Chief purposefully won t acknowledge anyone who isn t in lock-step with his radical agenda Hope Change Division and Hate The Obama White House sent three officials to robber Michael Brown s funeral in Ferguson. Obama sent more officials to Brown s funeral than to Margaret Thatcher s funeral.Obama sent three White House officials to criminal Freddie Gray s funeral.The White House sent no one to NYPD Officer Brian Moore s funeral.Obama skipped Antonin Scalia s funeral and went golfing instead.The Obama White House will send a representative to Alton Sterling s funeral on Thursday.  GPThe Advocate reported:Gary Chambers, spokesman for the Sterling family, confirmed Thursday that both Civil Rights activist the Rev. Jesse Jackson and a White House representative would be attending the funeral of Alton Sterling on Friday. Jackson will be a speaker at the event along with the Rev. Al Sharpton and Louisiana Congressman Cedric Richmond.The family of Alton Sterling is inviting the community to mourn with them on Friday at a public funeral held at Southern University.Chambers said both Richmond and Sharpton immediately reached out to the Sterling family in the wake of Alton Sterling s death and offered to help in any way. ",0
20277,OOPS! Notable Black Harvard Economist Finds BLACKS Are LESS LIKELY To Be Shot By Cops Than Other Races: “The most surprising result of my career”,"Bad timing This is not great news for the Black Lives Matter terrorists, who were just getting warmed up. Not that the media or various Community Agitator groups will care about the truth Research conducted by a notable African-American economist at Harvard University has revealed a lack of racial bias in police shootings.The research was conducted by Roland G. Fryer, who is the youngest black professor to have received tenure status at Harvard. As Fryer expected, his research revealed that police are more likely to use force towards an African-American suspect. However, in what Fryer called  the most surprising result of my career,  his research also revealed that African-American suspects are less likely to be shot in an altercation with law enforcement than suspects of other racial backgrounds.According to the statistics used in Fryer s study, officers are more likely to fire their weapons without having first been attacked when the suspect is white.In officer-involved shootings in these cities, officers were more likely to fire their weapons without having first been attacked when the suspects were white. Black and white civilians involved in police shootings were equally likely to have been carrying a weapon. Both of these results undercut the idea that the police wield lethal force with racial bias.Fryer s research analyzed more than a thousand shootings in ten major police departments. Houston, Austin, Dallas and Los Angeles, as well as Orlando and Jacksonville, were among the cities included in the study.When the law enforcement data from Houston was isolated specifically, Fryer was able to conclude that law enforcement officers were significantly less likely to shoot black suspects.In tense situations, officers in Houston were about 20 percent less likely to shoot a suspect if the suspect was black. This estimate was not very precise, and firmer conclusions would require more data. But, in a variety of models that controlled for different factors and used different definitions of tense situations, Mr. Fryer found that blacks were either less likely to be shot or there was no difference between blacks and whites.The conclusions drawn by this research contradict much of the narrative that is playing out in the media about police brutality. Most major media outlets have been sympathetic to the cause of Black Lives Matter, an activist movement that exists specifically to combat racially motivated aggression towards African-Americans by law enforcement officers.   Breitbart ",0
20278,BREAKING: Fresno Police Release GRAPHIC Video Of FATAL SHOOTING OF UNARMED WHITE MAN By Veteran Cops,"The mainstream media, Hillary, Barack and Black Lives Matter terrorists yawn The Fresno Police Department released body camera video Wednesday showing Dylan Noble repeatedly ignoring officers  demands that he stop moving back and forth at a gas station parking lot and show his hands before officers fired their weapons.Police Chief Jerry Dyer said the investigation into the shooting is still underway, and he has not made a decision whether it was justified. But he said he wanted to release the video so the public could see a more complete picture of what officers faced as they confronted Noble and had to make decisions in mere seconds.Dyer told reporters he had originally planned to release the names of both officers, but he declined to do so Wednesday because the department s legal counsel instructed him not to. The department has intercepted several threats made against the officers involved, although not by name. He noted that the recent shooting of 12 police officers in Dallas has caused him to fear for the safety of his own officers, especially given the controversy swirling around Noble s death.He said the officer driving the patrol car was a 20-year veteran at the department. In a second unit was an officer with 17 years of experience   10 with the department. The 20-year veteran had never been a part of a police shooting, but the 17-year officer was involved in a 2009 shooting.Dyer said the officers had interviewed a person who had called 911 about an armed man walking around the area. About 12 minutes later, they encountered Noble s truck.The videos pick up from there.The cameras capture what sounds like screeching tires. One officer notes that Noble was  peeling out.  They then attempt to stop Noble, who continues to drive for some time before pulling into the gas station at Shields and Armstrong avenues.Although some of the road had no-stopping zones to Noble s right, Dyer said Noble had several opportunities to pull over.The officer behind the wheel pulls out his handgun and points it at Noble s truck as it is slowing and turning into the gas station. Dyer said this was because the officer believed Noble may have been armed, given the officers  initial call. That officer also believed Noble was taunting him and making the officer feel as if he did have a gun, Dyer added.Both officers exit their vehicles with guns drawn. They begin yelling for the driver to put both of his hands outside of the driver s side window of his truck. Noble puts his left hand out of the window but not his right, despite multiple requests for him to do so.After some time, Noble begins to exit the truck. One officer yells that he did not tell Noble to get out of the truck. Noble appears to stagger as he gets out of the lifted truck. He then walks a few steps away from the officers, who move toward him. The officers repeatedly tell Noble to put both of his hands up. He continues to walk toward and away from officers in a circular way   raising and lowering each hand at different intervals.Dyer said that one officer believed Noble had something in his hand. This was later determined to be a 4-inch-by-4-inch piece of clear plastic with what appears to be a grayish clay inside. It is currently being analyzed by the U.S. Department of Justice.***WARNING***VIDEO IS VERY GRAPHIC! Watch HERE: Noble was fatally shot by officers on June 25 during traffic stop Video shows Noble repeatedly ignoring officers  commands to show his hands Department has said officers believed Noble was about to shoot themVia: Fresno Bee",0
20279,SHE GREW UP BELIEVING BLACKS Could Only Support Democrats…Until She Took A Job With ACORN: WATCH The INCREDIBLE Story Of A Woman Who Took On Obama’s LEFTIST MACHINE [VIDEO],"Keep your eye on Anita Moncreif If knowledge is power she is the Democrat Party s worst nightmare. When you re on the left, and all of your friends are leftists, and your parents are leftists, you don t hang around with other people, and you only get the view of folks as what you see on TV, and how they present it to you. And you guys are seen as racist, angry people. Every time they get a chance, that s the image they push out there on TV. They try to find that one crazy Tea Party person and they try to get them to say something, and they make sure they play it on all the black stations. And you see that and you say,  Okay, these people are nuts.  So I didn t expect to find any kind of support from the Right. Everything Anita Moncreif believed to be true about the Left changed when she took a job with ACORN and quickly discovered the Democrat Party was not really looking out for the interests of the Black community or low income neighborhoods. When she began to understand they would do anything, including breaking the law, to grow the Democrat Party, she made the decision to expose them. She quickly found out how the mainstream media will go to any length to keep the truth about the criminal Left from the American people.Watch her amazing story here: Decades after his death, Saul Alinsky s vision has become reality. From Barack Obama to Hillary Clinton to ACORN to Black Lives Matter, Alinsky is more alive in his death now than in his four decades of community organizing.Anita is asking for the help of conservatives to make this movie a reality.  She needs YOUR help to build momentum for this film.Please consider giving whatever you can today. Click HERE to donate $1, $5, $10, $20 or whatever you can afford. This is an independent fund. We have no big funders or organizations backing us  yet. That s why we need you. We need to start shooting now. Reaching our goal will allow us to begin shooting footage at the two party conventions and buy us time to raise awareness to raise the production, administrative, and promotional budgets for this much-needed film.We re going to communicate with you the audience. Some of the footage we ll release before the film s debut. We ll also communicate some of our successes and our challenges along the way. Together, we can change the way films are produced and promoted.The American Left and the Right need to see this film and decide where we go from here.If the necessary funds aren t raised on Kickstarter, account funds won t be unlocked.Eight years after exposing ACORN, I have been immersed in training, speaking, and examining the effectiveness of the grassroots on both sides of the aisle. I felt that my journey was not over, and I had many more truths to tell. I am finally ready to offer a movement eye view of the legacy of Alinsky, and the rise of grassroots movements across the nation. It s a huge effort, it s expensive, and the stakes are high, so please chip in $15, $50, $500 or more to fund our efforts to film at the DNC and RNC conventions in the next few weeks.Donate now to The Children of Alinsky (Phase 1)Together, we can do great things and the possibility of a documentary filmed and funded by ordinary people determined to implement change will be a major step toward illustrating how bottom-up change is done.Your friend, Anita MonCriefHere is Part II of Anita s amazing story:",0
20280,BIKERS FOR TRUMP: “Not Going To Put Up With” Violent Leftists Disrupting Cleveland GOP Convention…Will Protect Delegates “Right To Peacefully Assemble”," Veterans are the backbone of the biker community We are patriots We love our cops The antithesis of the Black Lives Matter radicals Breitbart Exclusive: A large group of patriotic motorcycle enthusiasts will be among the visitors to Cleveland Ohio next week for the Republican National Committee meeting that will nominate business mogul Donald Trump to be the Republican nominee for President of the United States.Bikers for Trump aren t going to Cleveland looking to cause trouble but will be on hand to counter thousands of professional leftwing agitators planning to disrupt the Republican nominating convention. We will be there to make sure that the delegates are allowed to exercise their right to peacefully assemble,  Bikers for Trump organizer Chris Cox told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview.  We ve seen how these paid agitators have thrown eggs and gotten violent at other Trump events around the country and we re not going to put up with it. Cox emphasized that Bikers for Trump weren t looking for trouble at the convention.  Veterans are the backbone of the biker community,  Cox continued.  We are patriots and unlike Black Lives Matter and the other leftist idiots, we love our cops. You won t find one biker in Cleveland jumping on cars, lighting fires, or doing any of the other stupid things we ve gotten used to seeing on TV the last few months. Big  Jim Williams of Riders USA held a  Bikers for Trump  sign up at a rally in Arizona on July 10th, 2015 and the photo went viral.  I went to that first Trump rally with my Bikers for Trump sign and the next day the picture was all over the internet,  Big Jim told Breitbart News.  Donald Trump will say the things that need to be said and do the things that most politicians are too afraid to do. Big Jim will be making the long ride from Phoenix to Cleveland to be in Cleveland during the convention and he sent a letter to his fellow bikers telling them why they should join him. In a copy of the letter provided to Breitbart News he says:None of the bikers Breitbart News spoke with wanted to say how many would attend.  The city of Cleveland gave us a hard time with our permits and so we haven t really counted how many people are coming,  Cox said.  It s probably better because I want to work with all the other people who are drawn to be there. I ll be meeting with the secret service and the state and local police to let them know what we re all about. The bikers have also had significant success spreading the word on social media. The Facebook,  Bikers for Trump 2016  has more than 70,000 likes and has had months in which their reach counted in the millions. This video posted in April has nearly 250,000 views:Via: Breitbart",0
20281,HOW HILLARY’S ANTI-COP Past And Support For Violent Black Lives Matter Will Destroy Her Presidential Ambitions [VIDEO],"Maybe the Left became a bit too optimistic after America put a radical Community Organizer in the White House. Perhaps they overplayed their hand. Until now, Democrats have been able to quietly organize, and for the most part, the media helped to make Americans believe that everything they did was for the  common good.  Thanks to Black Lives Matter and the radical organizations who fund them, the curtain has been pulled back, and America is starting to see the ugly truth about the Democrats who support this ugly, hateful and divisive movement. Will the woman who has spent her whole life plotting and scheming for this moment be taken down by her own party?As a student radical during the Black Panthers era, Hillary Clinton gravitated to the company of anti-cop activists. At Yale, she helped edit a law journal that depicted police officers as racist pigs and ran numerous articles in defense of cop-killers.During her law school stint, she spent free moments offering assistance to the lawyers for Black Panthers who had killed a federal agent. She  monitored  the Bobby Seale trial in New Haven, hoping to catch the prosecutors out in mistakes that could later trigger an appeal.She also hobnobbed with the  Radical Chic  social set, going to cocktail parties with the lawyers for the Black Panthers. Through one of those events, she met Robert Treuhaft and Jessica Mitford, two Stalinists from California whom historians have established collaborated with the Soviet Union as members of the American Communist Party.Robert Treuhaft ran a law firm in California, and Hillary spent one of her summers doing a legal internship at his firm in Oakland. Treuhaft thought that she might object to his Red ties. But at the time she didn t care. In her autobiography, however, she was embarrassed enough about the association to try and minimize her work there:  I spent most of my time working for Mal Burnstein researching, writing legal motions and briefs for a child custody case. Treuhaft s firm was notorious not only for its Red associations but also its unapologetic defense of cop-killers. That Hillary would devote a summer to working for such creepy subversives reveals the depth of her radical instincts. It is not hard to imagine her signing off on cartoons in the Yale Review caricaturing cops as pigs conjuring up the foulest racist thoughts as they walked the streets.This ideology creeps into Hillary s remarks, even at moments when she is straining to appear irenic. In her speech to an African Methodist Episcopal Church in Philadelphia last week, she uncorked the claim that  implicit bias  exists  even in the best police departments.  While claiming to detest  profiling,  Hillary gives herself the right to profile good police officers as racist. She adds  implicit  to dilute the insult and to build herself up as the omniscient central planner who will reorganize police departments so perfectly that not even implicit racism will shape their policies. How these central planners are immune to the implicit racism Hillary sees everywhere is never made clear. She says it  exists across society  but somehow it doesn t touch her.The upshot of this ideology is that as long as police officers arrest minorities for committing crimes they will fall under suspicion and face resistance. They can only escape the charge of racism by abdicating their duties. Hillary doesn t want to  reform  police departments but castrate them. Her cop-bashing these days is more circumspect and subdued than it was in the 1970s, but it is no less ideologically crass. She is no longer romanticizing the Black Panthers, but she is romanticizing their heirs. Even after a jury found that Trayvon Martin had died after trying to smash George Zimmerman s head into cement, Hillary still casts him, as she did last week, as a cherubic angel struck down by society s sinister forces.  White Americans,  she said, need to do a better job of  listening when African Americans talk.  If they did, she said, they would understand why black people say a prayer when their  baby  goes to a store  to buy iced tea and Skittles.    American SpectatorIf there is to be a social explosion every time an incident occurs, like the deaths of Trayvon Martin, shot while beating a neighborhood watch coordinator, and Michael Brown, shot in Ferguson after trying to grab a cop s gun, America is going to be permanently polarized.And there is no doubt where the majority will come down, and who will be the near-term beneficiary.Monday, Donald Trump declared himself  the law and order candidate,  and added:  America s police   are what separates civilization from total chaos and destruction of our country as we know it. And Clinton? On Friday, she said,  I m going to be talking to white people. I think we re the ones who have to start listening. Prediction: If Black Lives Matter does not clean up its act, Obama and Clinton will have to throw this crowd over the side, or the BLM will take her down.   Real Clear Politics",0
20282,SAY “HELLO” TO YOUR NEW NEIGHBORS! Clooney Begged For Open Borders…Now Massive Refugee Camp Is Erected In His Front Yard,"Karma it s a beautiful thing A massive makeshift refugee camp has been established in Lake Como, the popular and secluded celebrity hideaway in Italy where Hollywood A-lister George Clooney keeps a home.The migration of hundreds of people from Arab nations, Africa, and Asia was triggered following the Swiss government s decision to close its southern border with Italy.Now, waiting for smugglers to lead them into northern Europe, groups of migrants are camping out in tattered tents around the Lake Como resort.https://twitter.com/ScatterBrainPOD/status/753134667490930688Flimsy dwellings, clothes and trash are scattered around the Northern Italian town s railway station, where dozens of new families and refugees have flocked.https://twitter.com/PatriceArnold25/status/753183423573794825The migrant camp is, oddly enough, just steps away from the front door of immigration activists  George and Amal Clooney s multi-million dollar lakeside mansion in Lake Como, according to the Daily Mail.The power couple has spent some time talking about the migrant crisis. The Clooneys met privately with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in February and praised and thanked her for her leadership during the crisis.The Clooneys have taken refuge from the Hollywood spotlight in their summer home in Italy for years. Last year, Page Six reported that Clooney was mulling putting his Lake Como villa on the market due to ever-present and intrusive paparazzi.It is unclear if the recent deluge of refugees pouring into town will have an affect on Clooney s decision to sell or not.   BreitbartRead more: Daily Mail",0
20283,#NFL TWEETS About Tom Brady’s Deflategate Appeal Denial…IGNORES Isaiah Crowell’s Image Of Cop’s Throat Being Slit On Social Media?,"Why is the NFL ignoring this situation? Are they okay with NFL players posting images that suggest brutally murdering cops? The NFL can be reached at this number for anyone who cares to let them know how you feel about their silence. You may also send them a Tweet @NFL to let them know how you feel or go to their NFL Facebook page and leave a comment.The 2nd Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals has denied New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and the NFL Players Association s appeal for an en banc rehearing in the ongoing Deflategate case.As a result, Brady s four-game suspension stands with the start of the regular season just nine weeks away. USA TODAYThe NFL was quick to tweet about the defeat of Brady s appeal:Tom Brady's appeals petition denied: https://t.co/9cy1wP5Y7o pic.twitter.com/RTPCMif5ug  NFL (@NFL) July 13, 2016Yesterday we reported about a vile Instagram post by Cleveland Brown s Isaiah Crowell that depicted a cop s neck being slit by an ISIS type character. The NFL has had a couple days to respond to the horrific, hateful and racist post below:Here is the response from the NFL on Isiah Crowell s hateful social media post that glorifies killing cops:The Cleveland Police have threatened to pull out of Cleveland Stadium after NFL s Isaiah Crowell s vile social media post.Here s a sample of what Stephen Loomis, President of Cleveland Police Patrolmen s Association had to say to Crowell:  Think we ll accept your apology? Kiss my ass.  The full story can be found HERE. ",0
20284,"DAY AFTER DALLAS COPS’ MEMORIAL, Obama Invites BLM Activists To WH, Including Leader Of Group That Chanted: “Pigs In A Blanket…Fry Pigs Like Bacon”","When America elected a Community Agitator, they had no idea what that would mean for our nation. Does everyone get it now? You can take the community agitator out of the community, but you can t take the agitator out of him Obama s guest list includes the recently arrested Black Lives Matter terror group leader, DeRay McKesson. McKesson was arrested on July 9th in Baton Rouge, LA for obstruction of a roadway during Black Lives Matter agitator event:Black Lives Matter activist Deray Mckesson records own arrest in Baton Rouge https://t.co/EQn2GHop2O pic.twitter.com/2uweGiw7ge  Action News on 6abc (@6abc) July 10, 2016We are at the @WhiteHouse right now for a 3-hour convening w/ President Obama re: the recent events in #BatonRouge & across the country.  deray mckesson (@deray) July 13, 2016In addition to Deray, who advocated looting for political purposes, Obama also is meeting with Mica Grimm, who is a leader from the Minnesota group who has been responsible for shuting down highways.Perhaps you may recall there famous chant on the highway last August? https://youtu.be/9xNxoeqf0Wsh/t Weasel ZippersHere s a look at the race obsessed Mica Grimm:Here is a guest list provided by CBS News White House Correspondent: Mark Knoller:Individuals invited to Pres Obama's meeting today about police/community relations. pic.twitter.com/pE9tWsIjjk  Mark Knoller (@markknoller) July 13, 2016",0
20285,RUSH LIMBAUGH ASKS: “What Would America Be Like Today If President Obama Had Told the Truth About What Happened in Ferguson?”,"Rush Limbaugh is spot on with his analysis of Barack Obama and how he has intentionally torn our nation apart, and more importantly, how Republican leadership has allowed him to do it. This is a great read for anyone who would like to understand exactly how this war on cops and war on White America started RUSH: This is so predictable to me. You know, I didn t have a chance to really listen to it or study Obama s speech in Dallas yesterday because it happened while the program was on, so I had to bone up on it later in the day. And it was predictable. The reaction to it was predictable. The Drive-Bys just thought it was the greatest speech ever. It was just over the top great. I mean, it was so timely, and it was so presidential.Even some in the conservative media found it necessary to praise Obama s speech. And we know why this happens. It is because some in the conservative media don t want to be seen as constantly pestering the guy, so it s thought that it ll add to their credibility if they can acknowledge that the president did something well, did something good, presidential, even if it was only a portion of the speech.But my take on it was entirely different. I think the first half of his speech yesterday seemed to be high-minded and unifying, but he blows it all to smithereens because I think what the first half of the speech was was a setup for the political hackery that was to come. It wasn t as if the speech suddenly and unexpectedly veered off course. Obama knew that he had to give the impression he was a healer and a unifier before he could pivot to what he really wanted to say.And I took it, you know, I m sitting there watching it like everybody else did, and I m absorbing it, and I felt like it was a political sucker punch. The second half of the speech is what Obama really wanted to say but couldn t unless he preceded it with the so-called unifying remarks beforehand.But here s the thing I was wondering as I m watching Obama, and we hear people on the left in the Drive-By Media talking about how Obama tries to unify and bring everybody together.  What a great effort! Ah, it was just stupendous. Then why draw a moral equivalence? Here he was at a memorial service for five slain Dallas police officers. Why draw any kind of a more ? Why do you mention Alton Sterling and what went on in Minnesota? Why? You can mention it, but this effort to draw some kind of moral equivalence as though there is one and we can understand all of it happening? This inability to look at something and proclaim it wrong  (interruption)Well, yeah, okay. So he knew he d get grief from the left. I don t think he cares he get grief from the left. I think the guy s got his agenda and he s full-speed marching it down the path. I m just  When this year began, I warned everybody. I said,  Folks, this year coming up with the Republicans having given Obama a clear road signaling they re not gonna oppose anything, not even his policies  You know, Mitch McConnell and Ryan announced they weren t gonna oppose Obama.They didn t want to appear to be opposing or creating any negatives for the Republican presidential nominee. So Obama knows he s got a free road. So why does he care that the left might come at him and say he wasn t left-wing enough or he wasn t pro-Black Lives Matter enough? I don t think there s any doubt where Obama stands with people on the left. I want you to stop and think about something. I want to set it up by acknowledging something that we all know. Obama knows it; everybody knows it.The entire narrative of Ferguson, Missouri, is a lie.  Hands up, don t shoot  is a lie. The story that a racist cop went hunting and found an innocent Gentle Giant walking down the street   when he should have been on the sidewalk   contemplating excitedly  This is part of the story: He was eagerly anticipating his freshman year at college, was Michael Brown, and this racist cop went hunting, and he found a guy breaking the law, walking in the street!And he got up in his face and he all bullied him and so forth, and Brown was immediately deferential and put his hands up and said,  Don t shoot! Don t shoot!  and the cop shot anyway. That is the story that came out of there, and that story fed entire narrative of Black Lives Matter and whatever they re trying to do to create controversy and division. And it fed the New Black Panthers. It was a lie. It was a total lie.Everything about that Ferguson story as repeated by the media and prominent Democrats and civil rights activists was a lie. What if ? I want you to think about it. What if, in the aftermath of Ferguson, Missouri, Barack Obama, as president of the United States   meaning president of the whole country, meaning president of everybody here   had scheduled a national address from the Oval Office, an address to the people of America and told them the truth about what happened in Ferguson?After the grand jury investigation was complete, after it was inarguably so   after we learned exactly what happened, that the Gentle Giant had robbed a convenience store, that he was looking for a mechanism to spoke some dope. He had bullied the clerk in the 7-Eleven, the convenience store, whatever. He was walking down the street. He had attempted to overtake the cop in his car. He had defied the requests and the orders of the cop. He had taken action which resulted in the cop shooting.Everything about that story was not true.What if Obama had gone on TV and simply told people? For the sake of national unity, for the sake of understanding, for the sake of promoting and acknowledged truth, what if Obama had been on TV and acknowledged what really happened and had told everybody that what they think happened in Ferguson didn t happen? What do you think the aftermath might have been?This is what we expect of presidents, is the point. We don t expect presidents to further and promulgate lies and misinformation for the express purpose of creating and fomenting deadly anger. Presidents try to quell these situations. They try to get a handle on  em and ratchet down the tension. Such an opportunity exists here because the truth was the truth, and the truth was not part of the narrative. Now, if that had happened   and I can t predict in the alternative future, but I have to think that the aftermath of that incident the lie would have been short-lived.And the anger would have subdued. Maybe it would have been redirected toward Obama; I don t know. But, remember: It fed Baltimore, it fed Freddie Gray, it fed the situation in New York with the Eric Garner   who also died of a heart attack, not a chokehold. That s another lie that was told. This guy was selling knock-off cigarettes on the street of New York. He s telling  Because New York City taxes it so high that the guy could make a living selling black market cigarettes, selling black market cigarettes.For some reason, he came to the attention of the cop. They ended up applying a restraining hold on the guy, but he had a heart attack. It was not  The chokehold didn t kill. The cops did not kill the guy. But that s not the story. There are so many lies that have been created and then, if not promoted, they have not been quelled by the White House, which makes me question motive. Why not? Of course, I know the answer to this, and you do, too.You know the answer lies in the president s agenda and is rapidly becoming the Democrat Party agenda. I was looking at the Democrat Party platform. You wouldn t believe, folks. The Democrat Party has been totally now taken over by the radicals. I mean, just insane lunatic radicals are now the mainstream of the Democrat Party. You look at the Democrat Party platform in  08 and look at it in 2012. They acknowledge the legitimacy of the Second Amendment, these platforms.Platforms don t matter much in terms of future governing. I mean, they re not binding on presidents if they win the election to implement the platform, whatever. What the platform basically does is tell you what the base of the party thinks about things,  cause the base of the party dominates in primaries and they end up on the committee that writes the platform, so the platform gives you an indication where the base of both parties are. The Democrat Party is Not only is it not John F. Kennedy s Democrat Party. It isn t Bill Clinton or Hillary Clinton s Democrat Party. Hillary Clinton is a  Well, I don t want to  She s a radical in and of her own right, but she tempers her radicalness with enough proclamations or statements that make her to be mainstream in enough areas. But there isn t any mainstream anything in the Democrat Party platform. And I m telling you: It s what happens when there s no opposition.When there s no opposition, when there no guardrails, when there s nothing to stop people from descending to their extreme worst, that s exactly what s gonna happen. And I m here to tell you: The extremism in America could be found almost exclusively on the Democrat side, and that extremism has been documented in their platform, and it was speaking in Dallas yesterday. This idea of finding a moral equivalence, and taking the occasion of a memorial service at a funeral for one of the cops to say it?It was a funeral for one of the cops yesterday. To take the occasion and use it to amplify ? That statement,  It s easier to get a Glock than to get a computer or gun?  Come on! What in the world can that possibly represent, that kind of statement? There s nothing unifying about that. It s not even true. And he knows it isn t true. So that s nothing but a provocative statement designed to illustrate an actual opinion held by Barack Obama, and he turned that whole thing yesterday into yet another attempt at gun control.I think it s the  Yes, ladies and gentlemen, there s a chapter. If you haven t heard this, buckle up. It s a chapter of the NAALCP, the National Association for the Advancement of Liberal Colored People. And somebody in some chapter prominently has now claimed that the death of Micah X. Johnson was nothing more than a modern day lynching. Yeah. The guy who assassinated five Dallas police officers and injured 11 or 12 others.So the police rally, and they use their explosive robot bomb to kill the guy, and now the NAALCP is running around accusing that action of being a lynching. Innocent people were lynched. The NAALCP says,  We don t know if the guy was a shooter! We don t know if the guy did it. We re just taking their word for it? We don t take their word for it! We don t trust them; we don t to believe  em. They re making it up! We don t have any evidence the guy was the shooter. We don t have any evidence blew him up with a robot bomb. It s a lynching. Hey, here s to unity.For entire article: Rushlimbaugh.com",0
20286,WATCH: TREY GOWDY FURIOUS OVER LAWLESS Loretta Lynch During Clinton Email Hearing: “It was a total WASTE of time…The facts are embarrassing for her presidential candidate [Hillary]”,"The lawless and in-your-face behavior that this  President  and his regime have been able to get away with is simply breathtaking She [Lynch] could have answered every one of those questions, she just chose not to. It s really not that complicated. You take the facts as Director Comey gave  em to us, and as he found, and you apply the law, which it s public and everybody knows what it is. But the facts are embarrassing for her presidential candidate. So, discussing the facts necessarily leads to more questions like,  Well, if you had all those good facts, why didn t you indict her?' ",0
20287,"ONLY DAYS AGO…BATON ROUGE THUG, #BlackLives Matter Supporter MAKES VIDEO…Says He’s Going To Start KILLING COPS…FBI, Local Police Make Visit…NO ARREST…NO CHARGES! [VIDEO]","This thug doesn t just threaten to KILL COPS he encourages OTHERS who are watching the Youtube video to JOIN HIM! Why wasn t this thug charged with encouraging the murder of police officers?***WARNING****LANGUAGE AND VIOLENCE****Yesterday, 3 teenage thugs were arrested in Baton Rouge for a plot to KILL Police Officers. Our Community Agitator in Chief has put these police officers lives at risk. America needs to start calling out Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and any other prominent figure who is standing behind Black Lives Matter, a terror group created to inspire the Black community to show up at the polls for Democrats (specifically for Hillary) in November:Police arrested three suspects and were seeking a possible fourth suspect accused of stealing several handguns as part of what authorities Tuesday described as  substantial, credible threat  to harm police officers in the Baton Rouge area.The arrests come at a time of heightened tensions after the deadly police shootings of black men in Baton Rouge and Minnesota and the killing of five police officers in Dallas last week.Authorities in Baton Rouge discovered the alleged plot while responding to a burglary at a pawn shop early Saturday morning, Baton Rouge police Chief Carl Dabadie said in a press conference. The chief said the first suspect arrested told police that  the reason the burglary was being done was to harm police officers.  He said the suspect didn t give any details about when or where a possible plot would be carried out. We have been questioned repeatedly over the last several days about our show of force and why we have the tactics that we have. Well, this is the reason, because we had credible threats against the lives of law enforcement in this city,  he said.The police department has come under criticism for the tactics it s employed to deal with protesters, using riot police and military-style vehicles on the streets of the capital city. Over a three day period, police arrested about 200 protesters.In a statement, police said surveillance video showed the suspects using a ladder to climb the roof of the building to get in. Eight handguns and one airsoft BB gun were missing from the store.Authorities said they arrested one suspect   Antonio Thomas, 17   at the scene with a handgun and a BB gun. Another suspect, Malik Bridgewater, was apprehended Sunday and a third suspect   a 13-old boy   was apprehended on a street. They called on the fourth suspect to turn himself in. Another man was arrested for allegedly purchasing two of the stolen guns, but he hasn t been linked to the alleged plot, a police spokesman said.All of the suspects are from Baton Rouge and all are black. The suspects face charges including burglary, simple burglary, and theft of a firearm; they have not been arrested on any charges related to plotting to kill police.State Police Col. Mike Edmonson called it a  substantial, credible threat  to police.Six of the eight stolen firearms have been recovered and two are still at large, authorities said.A week after 37-year-old Alton Sterling was shot and killed by two white police officers in Baton Rouge outside a convenience store, tension are high in the city. While protesters demand justice for Sterling, the shootings in Dallas last week and other attacks on police around the country have put the police on edge.Earlier Tuesday, Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards defended the police response to protesters rallying against the shooting death of a black man by white officers, saying Tuesday that the riot gear and weaponry was appropriate. We ve had a police officer with teeth knocked out of his face because of a rock. If you don t have on riot gear, you have no defence against that sort of thing,  said the Democratic governor, who comes from a family of sheriffs. In light of what happened in Dallas, understanding that just one gunman can change the situation entirely, how do you in good conscience put police officers on the street without the ability to defend themselves?  he said.After nearly a week of protests over the killing of Alton Sterling, Baton Rouge officers, state police and other law enforcement agencies have received criticism for their methods of dealing with demonstrators.Protests have spread across the country as people express outrage over the recent death in Baton Rouge and of a second black man, Philando Castile, at the hands of police in Minnesota last week. The Justice Department has opened a federal civil rights investigation into Sterling s shooting.In the first few days after Sterling s death, police took a reserved approach to enforcement, keeping a low profile as hundreds gathered outside the convenience store where Sterling died.But tensions escalated at weekend protests that moved away from the store and into other areas of the city, with nearly 200 people arrested and a show of force from law enforcement that included police wielding batons, armed with long guns and wearing shields.The American Civil Liberties Union of Louisiana has criticized police as using  violent, militarized tactics on groups of people who have gathered peacefully.  Amnesty International has questioned the high number of arrests. Via: The Globe and MailCall local Baton Rouge Police Department to ask why this thug wasn t charged: (225) 389-2000 ",0
20288,"OBAMA LECTURES COPS On Bigotry, Slavery, Oppression At Memorial Service For Dallas Cops Murdered By Black Racist [VIDEO]","Obama had the audacity to tell this crowd of mourners that he wonders  if the divides of race in America can ever be bridged?  He must have forgotten who created and cultivated the racial divide with his good friends Eric Holder and Al Sharpton None of us is entirely innocent And that includes our police departments It started out well, with Obama calling the shooting  racial hatred , but then descended quickly into a lecture to the police about their bigotry and need to recognize the pain Black Lives Matter folks feel. He even brought up slavery, Jim Crow and  history of oppression . It was about salving his own issues, as always, not recognizing the event he was at, a memorial for the five officers. He did mention them, but spent most of the time imploring people to recognize their racism.   Weasel ZippersPresident Obama defended the Black Lives Matter movement Tuesday at a memorial service for five slain Dallas police officers, saying bigotry remains in police departments across the U.S. While paying tribute to the fallen officers for sacrificing their lives to protect others from a sniper, Mr. Obama also called on law enforcement agencies to root out bigotry. We have all seen this bigotry in our lives at some point,  Mr. Obama told an audience of several hundred at a concert hall in Dallas. None of us is entirely innocent. No institution is entirely immune. And that includes our police departments. We know this.  The officers   Michael Smith, Lorne Ahrens, Michael Krol, Brent Thompson and Patrick Zamarripa   were killed by a black sniper who told police he targeted white officers during a Black Lives Matter protest Thursday night.At the service, photographs of the slain officers were displayed on the stage. Five empty seats in the arena were adorned with folded U.S. flags and duty-officer hats to signify their loss.The president, who has been criticized by law-enforcement officials for supporting the Black Lives Matter movement, said Americans  cannot simply turn away and dismiss those in peaceful protest as troublemakers or paranoid. We can t simply dismiss it as a symptom of political correctness or reverse racism,  he said.HERE is part of Obama s embarrassing speech. The speech in its entirety can be found below:Former President George W. Bush, a resident of the Dallas area, said the nation is proud of the slain officers. Our police chief and police department have been mighty inspirations for the rest of the nation,  Mr. Bush said.  These slain officers were the best among us. Referring to racial divisions roiling the country, Mr. Bush said Americans must work at  finding our better selves. We recognize that we are brothers and sisters, sharing the same brief moment on earth,  Mr. Bush said.  We do not want the unity of grief, nor do we want the unity of fear. We want the unity of hope, affection and high purpose. Mr. Obama said the gunman, Army veteran Micah X. Johnson, committed  an act not just of demented violence, but of racial hatred. It s as if the deepest fault lines of our democracy have been exposed, perhaps even widened,  the president said.  We wonder if the divides of race in America can ever be bridged. Narcissistic jack hole Via: Washington TimesHere is Obama s speech in its entirety: ",0
20289,BREAKING: FELON WEARING BLACK LIVES MATTER T-Shirt Fires 17 Shots Into Indianapolis Police Officer’s Home…Screamed “I hate police” [VIDEO],"Obama s war against cops and white people in full swing  Nobody s a winner in Obama s war on America March Eugene Ratney, according to Department of Correction records, wasn t due to be released from prison until this past June 6 after serving half of a 12-year sentence following his conviction as a serious violent felon with a weapon. Ten days later, Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department (IMPD) officers were called to an east side address where Ratney s sister said he had pulled a gun and threatened to kill her.Investigators now report, and neighbors confirmed, Ratney, on parole, was the man clad in a Black Lives Matter t-shirt and screaming profanities at police, who shot up an IMPD officer s house not far from his own home early this morning.The officer and his family were uninjured. Think about this, this is your home,  said IMPD Chief Troy Riggs.  If there is one place in this world where you should always feel safe and your family should feel safe, it is in your home. The officer had just returned from work, but had not yet retired for the night, when approximately 17 shots were fired from a 9 mm handgun into his house, fence and patrol car.Neighbors recalled seeing a man in a Black Lives Matter t-shirt that also had obscenities directed at police walking the neighborhood last Friday night.A nearby surveillance camera captured images of a fleeing vehicle shortly after the shooting at 2 a.m.Ratney was driving a similar car and was stopped a few blocks away within an hour.During his interrogation at IMPD headquarters, Ratney denied the shooting but became irate, cursed the officers and urinated in the interview room.At that time the interview was concluded. If we re going to overcome issues in our community, whether perceived or actual, we ve got to work together and we can t tolerate this,  said Riggs.  This officer represents this city and our city was attacked and his family was attacked as a result. h/t Weasel Zippers  Via: WXIN",0
20290,"REFUGEES ARRESTED AND RELEASED After RAPING Woman “In Middle Of Audience” At “Anti-Racism” Festival In Sweden…Several Other Women Raped, Molested","The serious consequences of political correctness gone wild Women attending an  anti-racism  music festival in Sweden were raped and molested by migrant men in yet another shocking example of how the west is importing a real rape culture. According to police spokesman Stefan Dangardt, numerous  foreign men  sexually assaulted the women during Borl nge s  Peace and Love  festival, although three suspects who were arrested were later released because they claimed they were minors.Several assaults were reported on Thursday, the first day of the festival, before one woman was raped  in the middle of the audience during a concert  on Friday night.On Saturday, another attempted rape was reported at midnight, in addition to six other reports of sexual molestation.In some cases, the migrant men would crowd around the women in groups, as was the case in Cologne on New Year s Eve when hundreds of women were sexually abused by Muslim asylum seekers and migrants.According to Dangardt, the culprits were  foreign men,  but he said he was restricted from checking on their actual age, suggesting that the attackers probably lied and pretended they were minors, which is a common tactic migrants use to escape punishment for their crimes.Crimes in Borl nge have tripled or even quadrupled since Sweden opened its doors to mass immigration in the 1970 s.According to reports, the area, which has a large Muslim population, is one of Sweden s infamous  no go zones,  where police and ambulance personnel are routinely attacked. Two months ago, cars were set on fire and shop workers were attacked, although police claim the situation is  calmer  now. The organizers of the festival responded to the incidents by blaming all  men  in general, which is exactly how feminist and leftist groups reacted after Cologne.This is by no means the first time Swedish women have been sexually assaulted at festivals by migrants. As the New York Times reports, police are investigating reports that  dozens of young women and girls were sexually assaulted at two music festivals in Sweden last weekend  at the Bravalla Festival in Norrkoping and the Putte i Parken music festival in Karlstad. Most of the attackers were identified as  foreigners . Via: InfoWars ",0
20291,WATCH: GEORGE W. BUSH Offers Somber Memorial Honoring Lives Of Murdered Dallas Police Officers…OBAMA Gives Speech About URGENT Need For GUN CONTROL [VIDEO],"These two Presidents could not be more different. George W. Bush is a natural born leader. He inspires others to consider someone other than themselves, to come together and to unite. He proves through his actions that we shouldn t be afraid to act as a humble servant of the Lord. Barack Obama s speech on the other hand, proves he is nothing more than a narcissistic, arrogant and condescending community agitator. As George W. Bush appeals to the better side of America and implores them to come together and heal in the face of heightened racial tensions, Obama remains laser focused on himself, and on his insatiable desire to take away our Second Amendment Right. Obama s speech was not geared towards healing a torn and divided community. His speech was about promoting his radical gun-control agenda. It was about sound bites, as he waited on cue for applause from a group of people who were there to mourn the loss of their father, their brother, their son or their trusted co-worker.Watch George W. Bush s eloquent unity speech, honoring the lives of the brave Dallas law enforcement officers who were killed at the hands of a racist inspired by the Obama-Holder-Sharpton war on cops and war on White Americans:Compare G.W. Bush s speech to the divisive, angry and condescending speech from a petulant Barack Hussein Obama who just can t seem to get Americans to buy into his final act:",0
20292,YIKES! SHOCKING FOOTAGE Of Black Lives Matter Protesters Being Hit By Vehicles Caught On Camera [VIDEO],"It s pretty safe to say if you stand in front of moving traffic, or intentionally blocking passage of a vehicle, there s a good chance someone is going to get hurt. How do these rioters protesters know where these vehicles they re blocking are going? What about the panicked parent who s trying to get their kid with appendicitis to the hospital, or the cancer patient who can barely drive who s on their way to the clinic for a treatment? Or how about the expectant mother whose anxious husband is desperately trying to navigate around a terrorists who are  blocking the road as he tries to get his wife to labor and delivery? And what sort of violence or punishment by law enforcement should these innocent drivers expect if they disobey these thugs and drive through their human roadblock? Why doesn t the news talk about the danger these terrorist are putting everyday Americans in?From Todd Starnes, FOX News   Black Lives Matter protesters laid siege to a number of cities over the weekend including my hometown: Memphis, Tennessee.They shut down the Interstate 40 bridge over the Mississippi River   stranding thousands of motorists for hours   in sweltering heat.Blocking a roadway is a crime under Tennessee law.Yet Memphis police officers were told to stand down and allow the agitators to block the Hernando-Desoto Bridge. They used to call that kind of behavior aiding and abetting.Not a single person was arrested.Police say it was a peaceful protest. But photographs taken from the bridge showed a very different situation. In one instance, young men climbed atop a tractor-trailer- raising their fists in defiance.I wonder if the driver of that tractor-trailer thought it was a peaceful demonstration?Television station WMC reported that protesters even blocked a car trying to escort a child to St. Jude Children s Research Hospital. Apparently that child s life did not matter to the protesters.The car was eventually allowed to pass   but only after police intervened.We have no idea how many emergency responses were hampered by the gridlock created by the BLM crowd. We have no idea how many people missed family events or missed work because they were trapped on the interstate.In St. Paul, Minnesota, at least 21 police officers were injured during a  full-scale riot  on Interstate 94, according to the Star-Tribune.Violent thugs hurled rocks, concrete and rebar at officers as they protested the killing of Philando Castile.One of those officers suffered a broken vertebra after someone dropped a concrete block on his head.Could someone explain to me how fracturing a police officer s spine and preventing a child from getting to the hospital advances the Black Lives Matter agenda?The police-involved shootings in Baton Rouge and Minnesota were terrible tragedies.If investigators determine the officers broke they law   they should and must be brought to justice.But both shootings are still under investigation   so to be honest   no one knows for certain what happened.Yet, the mainstream media, the Obama administration and the professional race agitators have once again rushed to judgment   just like they did in Ferguson, Missouri.They never let a crisis go to waste, do they?It feels like our nation has been sucker-punched. You can see it on people s faces. Sorrow. Frustration. Anger. Helplessness.I understand that frustration   but it does not give us a license to disobey the law.Peaceful protesting is one thing. Domestic terrorism is another.Here s a look at what happens when lawbreakers obstruct the roadway. We re uncertain how many of these accidents were intentional or truly accidents. We re certainly not condoning hitting Black Lives Matter terrorists who block the safe passage of vehicles, but seriously this is what happens when you intentionally put yourself in harms way!",0
20293,WOW! FACEBOOK HQ’s JOINS OBAMA’S WAR ON COPS…A CLOSER LOOK At This Huge Sign Proves It,"Facebook CEO and founder, Mark Zuckerberg is clearly making an effort to recognize the recent deaths of two black men, who the media has determined (without a trial) are victims of unjustified deaths at the hands of white police officers. The Michael Brown trial proved without a shadow of a doubt that he NEVER had his hands up when he was shot, and that furthermore, he was attempting to overtake Officer Wilson and steal his gun when he was shot and killed. The Freddie Grey case has been tried in courts and every cop has been exonerated. But who needs facts when burning down cities and killing innocent cops who are fathers, husbands and sons is so much more effective when it comes to angering the black community into voting for Hillary? When the CEO of social media giant Facebook, who reaches BILLIONS of people around the world, openly sides with a radical, leftist, violent organization, that many consider to be a terrorist group, the whole world is in very big trouble.On Friday, Facebook s Menlo Park headquarters put up a giant sign declaring that  Black Lives Matter  and held a moment of silence for the people who had died. ""Your pain is our pain."" #blm #blacklivesmatterA post shared by Trish (@trishytreesh) on Jul 8, 2016 at 2:36pm PDTA close-up of the sign shows that the words are formed from individuals  names, including Emmett Till, Trayvon Martin, Oscar Grant, Eric Garner, Oscar Grant, Michael Brown, Jordan Davis, Kimani Gray, Renisha McBride, Jonathan Ferrell, and Amadou Diallo.When Zuckerberg put this sign up in front of the Facebook HQ s, did he consider putting a sign up honoring the lives of the MURDERED COPS in Dallas by RACIST cop killer Micah X. Johnson? Or how about the other cops who ve been murdered at the hands of racists inspired by the BLM movement? Oh wait..never mind. That wouldn t help Obama s cause to agitate black voters, thereby encouraging them to turn out the vote for Hillary in November. And it s pretty clear whose team Facebook is on This instagram user posts a picture of the BLM sign at the Facebook HQ s. The first comment suggests that unless other companies get behind the Obama-Holder-Sharpton race/cop war movement, they should stop spending money with them. Maybe no one told this person, but Facebook is SUPPOSED to be a social media PLATFORM and NOT a social media political opinion influencer! Facebook has played a major role in capturing evidence and disseminating fury in the recent glut of police-involved violence. After a police officer shot Castile, his fiance Diamond Reynolds went live on Facebook with damning footage of the aftermath. The video has since racked up more than 5 million views. (Facebook briefly took the video down late Wednesday night due to what it called a  glitch. )The next day, Thursday, users again turned to Facebook Live to broadcast footage from a protest in Dallas, that captured sounds of gunfire when a sniper shot multiple people, leaving five police officers dead.In the aftermath of Castile s death, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg heralded the power of Facebook Live. The images we ve seen this week are graphic and heartbreaking, and they shine a light on the fear that millions of members of our community live with every day,  he wrote.#AltonSterling and #PhilandoCastile s lives mattered. Black lives matter. We need racial justice now. pic.twitter.com/mXTC0zRfqJ  Google (@Google) July 7, 2016Via: Fusion*These photos were posted on Instagram by people who claim to work at Facebook.",0
20294,SHOCK POLL In MUST WIN State Of FLORIDA: Hispanics Turn Backs On Crooked Hillary,"Apparently the Black Lives Matter terror group hasn t managed to distract Florida voters from Crooked Hillary s untrustworthy record A new poll released from JMC Analytics in Florida (full pdf below) shows Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton 47% to 42%, and leading with Hispanic voters 49% to 36%.Some (particularly MSM) pundits will find these results quite shocking   however, we do not. We ve repeatedly pointed out that Latino voters in Florida are very familiar with strong Patrone  male figures within their family. Trump represents a very familiar cultural voice for them.This was abundantly evident in the primary race where Donald Trump won every county within Florida by exceptionally wide margins.You ll often hear the professional political punditry talk about the  central (I-4) corridor  and how the specific high population demographics influences elections. Central Florida, and South Central Florida are the inland growing regions for much of the state s agricultural industry. Look there and you can identify the Latino cultural support for Donald Trump.The coastal communities are diverse and representative of the larger U.S. electorate. Hillary Clinton predictably polls well in the same area where Marco Rubio won out in the Republican primary. However, Miami-Dade, while population strong, is less influential as the years have progressed and other coastal community populations have grown.Via: Conservative Treehouse",0
20295,NFL PLAYER POSTS Picture Of Cop’s Throat Being Slit On Social Media,"When Black Lives Matter supporters use the same tactics as an ISIS terrorist, America has a serious problem. Black Lives Matter continues to prove, beyond a shadow of a doubt, they re a terrorist organization.After Beyonce s racist halftime Super Bowl 2016 show, this disgusting terrorist type post from an active NFL player shouldn t come as a surprise to anyone NFL Cleveland Browns running back posted this on Instagram this weekend:Because dead cops is cool.   GPUnder the vile picture he posted in ebonics: They give polices all types of weapons and they continuously choose to kill us. Communist Disney s ESPN had Cowell s back after the outrage he received on social media:Cleveland Browns running back Isaiah Crowell apologized and said his social media reaction to last week s killing of two black men by police was  very wrong. Crowell said he made an  extremely poor decision  when he posted a drawing that graphically showed a hooded individual putting what looks like a machete into the throat of a police officer. It was an extremely poor decision and I apologize for that mistake and for offending people,  Crowell said in a statement released by the team.  My values and beliefs do not match that image. The post went up after the police killings of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minnesota, and before the killing of five Dallas police officers Thursday night.Crowell wrote that he was  outraged and upset  by the killing of Sterling and Castile, and  outraged and saddened  by the killing of the five Dallas police officers. He called last week  an emotional and difficult week,  but said his post was wrong. We have to be better as a society,  Crowell said.  It s not about color, it s about what s right and wrong. I was very wrong in posting that image. Every single life matters, every death as a result of violence should be treated with equal outrage and penalty. ",0
20296,"BOOM! OBAMA REQUIRED To Respond, After Petition To “Formally Recognize BLACK LIVES MATTER As A Terrorist Organization” Exceeds Required 100K Signatures In ONLY 5 Days…ADD YOUR NAME!","A  We The People  petition was started on July 6TH, asking the government to  formally designate Black Lives Matter as a terrorist organization . The White House requires that the person or group who initiates a petition on their  We The People  petition page must gather at least 100,000 signatures in 30 days. Once they have the signatures, the White House site guarantees they will review the petition and offer an official response. Obama will no doubt spin this, but in the meantime, it s a statement by over 100,000 American citizens about their belief that Black Lives Matter is nothing more than a terror organization. The overwhelming support for labeling Black Lives Matter at terror group won t bode well for Hillary, who has openly supported them in an embarrassing effort to pander for votes.From the White House created  We The People  Petition page:About We the PeopleThe right to petition your government is guaranteed by the First Amendment of the United States Constitution. We the People is a platform that empowers the American public to take this action like never before   it s a way for anybody, anywhere, to speak directly to the government and become an agent for change.With We the People, you can easily create a petition online, share it, and collect signatures. If you gather 100,000 signature in 30 days, we ll review your petition, make sure it gets in front of the appropriate policy experts, and issue an official response.Petitioning has the potential to enact real change   just check out some of our petition creator s success stories   but it s also your fundamental right as an American citizen, and an opportunity to connect with a community of like-minded people who are invested in making a change. Ideally, running a petition on We the People is just the start of something bigger   a long-term, robust form of civic engagement.The White House Reviews and RespondsOnce the petition reaches the required threshold (100,000 signatures), it will be put in a queue to be reviewed by the White House. Others can still sign the petition while it is awaiting a response. When the White House responds, everyone who has signed the petition will get email from the White House to let you know that we ve reviewed and responded to the petition.Q: How will the White House decide which petitions to respond to?The White House plans to respond to each petition that crosses the current signature threshold, which you can view on the Terms of Participation page. In some cases, the White House response might not address the facts of a particular matter to avoid the appearance of improper influence (such as in specific procurement, law enforcement or adjudicatory matters). In addition, the White House will not respond to petitions that violate We the People s Terms of Participation. In some cases, a single update may be used for petitions on similar topics.To date, the petition has collected 107,652 signatures. If you d like to add your name, click HERE. ",0
20297,OBAMA’S RACE WAR Spreads Like Cancer To London: Famous Blind Musician Weighs In [VIDEO],"Because blind people are probably experts on judging people based on skin color. No mention of the police officers killed over the two bloody days bloody of Black Lives Matter terrorism, starting with the Dallas massacre by racist former Houston Black Panther and ending up with concrete, Molotov cocktails and bricks being thrown at police officers heads during 5-hour shut down of major highway in MN Motown singer Stevie Wonder has told a huge crowd in London, that  black lives matter  because we are the original people of this world  as the city descended into three days of chaos caused by Black Lives Matter demonstrations.The superstar did not, however, address the deaths of five white police officers who were slaughtered in Texas on Friday by a black activist who wanted  to kill white people . All life does matter, but the reason that I say black lives matter is because we are the original people of this world,  Mr. Wonder told the British Summer Time Festival in Hyde Park. So in essence, everyone here has some black in you. You ve all got some soul in you so stop denying your culture,  he added.The singer warned the 65,000-strong crowd of  this horrible time we re living in  as he opened his set. Adding: I encourage you to choose love over hate. It s just that simple. Choose love over hate, right over wrong, kind over meanness. Hope over no hope at all .On the same weekend as Mr. Wonder s statements, London descended into chaos as Black Lives Matter  shut down  Parliament Square on Friday, Brixton on Saturday, and Oxford Street and the U.S. embassy on Sunday.Watch the stupidity as Londoners at BLM protest compare apartheid in S. Africa to discrimination against blacks in America:Roads were blocked for up to six hours as activists climbed roofs and demonstrated about  racist police  and  police violence  in  solidarity with our American brothers and sisters .Via: Breitbart ",0
20298,DETROIT COP UNDER FIRE FOR FACEBOOK POST: “The only racists here are the piece of (expletive) Black Lives Matter terrorists and their supporters” [VIDEO],"If this cop s comments were in lock-step with the leftist narrative, that it s okay to use violence to punish innocent cops as long as it brings attention to a few bad cops, would this even be a news story? Why is this man, who is a target of the violent Black Lives Matter movement, unable to speak out against the very people who seek to do him and his brothers/sisters harm?Detroit police say they have launched an investigation into an officer s viral Facebook rant about the Black Lives Matter movement in reaction to the Dallas police shooting.The post by officer Nathan Weekley has been viewed more than 40,000 times, and reacts to the tragic Dallas shooting that left five police officers killed and several others injured.The post reads: For the first time in my nearly 17 years as a law enforcement officer I contemplated calling into work in response to the outrageous act perpetrated against my brothers. It seems like the only response that will demonstrate our importance to society as a whole. The only racists here are the piece of (expletive) Black Lives Matter terrorists and their supporters. That post has already led to an ugly viral backlash against Weekley. So far, he s declined to speak with 7 Action News due to an internal investigation, but the president of the Detroit Police Officer s Association did talk to us.Via: WXYZ",0
20299,NAACP CHIEF Asks BLM Rioters To “Show up en masse at polls…Need to ensure that every demonstrator is a vote” [VIDEO],"Put down the bricks and vote! Hmmm I wonder if he has a particular party in mind?Black Lives Matter activists need to  need to ensure that every demonstrator is a vote  in the fall elections in order to win policy changes pertaining to police misconduct and officer-involved shootings, according to the head of the NAACP. To bring about the kind of change that we need, we need to ensure that every demonstrator is a vote and that we to show up en masse and in the millions at the polls in November,  NAACP president Cornell William Brooks said on CBS   Face the Nation  Sunday morning.The question of how the Black Lives Matter movement would affect the presidential campaigns has taken on increased significance over the last week, with two videos of police shootings going viral in the days before a self-described  black nationalist  ambushed and killed five Dallas police officers who were protecting protesters on Friday night. We need to bring about reform at the state and municipal level and at the federal level and, of course, call upon our presidential candidates to take racial profiling seriously and address it in their party platforms and in their campaigns,  Brooks said.Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, who needs to mobilize the Obama coalition of record minority turnout to win this fall, said that the recent events call for white Americans to hear  the legitimate cries  of black Americans mistreated by police. I will call for white people like myself to put ourselves in the shoes of those African-American families who fear every time their children go somewhere, who have to have the talk about how to really protect themselves when they re the ones that should be expecting protection from encounters with police,  she said Friday. Via: Washington Examiner",0
20300,"OBAMA’S SOLDIERS Cause 5-Hour SHUT DOWN On St Paul, MN Interstate…Throw Molotov Cocktails…Concrete At Cops Head…INJURE 21 Cops In Attempt [VIDEO]","Whoever thought asking Obama s terrorists soldiers to shut down highways, throw Molotov cocktails, bricks, concrete and fireworks at innocent human beings who risk their lives every day to keep our cities and towns safe would be a good idea, should really reconsider. There hasn t been this much anger or distrust between Americans in decades. In the end, this movement will have just the opposite effect the protesters hoped it would have. Police officers will likely stop coming into high crime areas and will instead, allow residents to sort out their own dangerous situations. This movement has completely divided our country into responsible, level-headed Americans vs. angry citizens and illegal aliens who have signed up to be soldiers in Obama s race war and his war on law enforcement in America. Nothing good or positive will come out of this and Obama knows that. But then again, Barack care about the interests of the Americans who elected him. It s all about pushing his radical agenda. Twenty-one officers from various Minnesota law enforcement agencies were injured and more than 102 protestors were arrested as a demonstration on the I-94 freeway in St. Paul turned violent Saturday night, with protestors hurling rocks, bottles, fireworks and bricks at law enforcement officers on the scene.Hundreds of demonstrators began protesting at the Governor s Residence in St. Paul Saturday night over the police-involved shooting death of Philander Castile earlier in the week before heading onto the I-94 freeway around 8 p.m., local Fox affiliate KMSP reported.The interstate was shut down in both directions for more than five hours and the protests eventually turned violent, with demonstrators hurling bricks, fireworks and at least one Molotov cocktail at officers, according to the St. Paul Police Department. Via: BreitbartLast night and this morning, 21 officers from multiple agencies were injured on I-94 and other areas of the city. #I94closed  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) July 10, 2016Molotov cocktail thrown at officers. Unclear if anyone injured. #I94closed  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) July 10, 2016Another officer hit in the head with a large piece of concrete, possibly dropped from bridge. #I94closed  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) July 10, 2016Bricks now being thrown at officers, along with more rocks and bottles. #I94closed  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) July 10, 2016An officer was just hit in face with bottle thrown by a protester on St. Paul street. #I94closed  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) July 10, 2016Officers arrested 50 people for 3rd degree riot last night on I-94. #I94closed  St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) July 10, 2016",0
20301,OBAMA Pretends He Hasn’t Started A Race War…Pushes For Federal Police Force: “It is very hard to untangle to motives of this [Dallas] shooter” [VIDEO],"It would appear that Barack didn t get the memo. Somehow he missed the part where the Dallas cop killer admitted he just wanted to kill WHITE people, more specifically he wanted to kill white cops I firmly believe that America is not as divided as some have suggested  -America s most divisive PresidentPresident Barack Obama is harnessing the increasing attacks on police in Dallas   and the periodic shootings of people by stressed cops   to push his agenda to federalize state and local police forces. I want to start moving on constructive actions that are actually going to make a difference,  he said during his evening press conference in Poland when he was asked about the Dallas attack.Those actions, he said, would be based on the recommendations of the panel that he picked after the 2014 street riots in Ferguson, Missouri. The panel offered  practical concrete solutions that can reduce   if not eliminate   the problems of racial bias,  Obama said.The dramatic shootings are an opportunity to push that agenda, Obama said.  If my voice has been true and positive, my hope would be that  [the panel] surfaces problems, it frames them, it allows us to wrestle with these issue and try to come up with practical solutions,  he said.Obama began touting the panel s recommendations in March 2015. The report, titled  President s Task Force on 21st Century Policing Report,  was published in May 2015.The report urges the federal government to federalize police training and practices, via the use of federal lawsuits, grants and threats to cut federal aid. So far, Obama s deputies have cajoled and sued more than 30 police jurisdictions to adopt federal rules in a slow-motion creation of a national police system, similar to the slow-motion creation of a federal-run health-sector via Obamacare.Obama also used the press conference to insulate his federalized police program   and his allies in the Black Live Matter movement   from popular rejection after the five police were murdered by the anti-cop African-American in Dallas.President Obama on #Dallas: It's hard to ""untangle the motives of the shooter"" https://t.co/7dClE5Mjr6 https://t.co/YzdDnT3nDf  CNN (@CNN) July 9, 2016Obama shrugged off growing criticism that his own anti-cop statements helped trigger the shootings in Dallas and several other cities on Thursday and Friday.  It is very hard to untangle to motives of this [Dallas] shooter   you have a troubled mind   what feeds it, what sets it off, I ll leave that to psychologists and people who study these kids of incidents. Throughout his press conference, Obama tried to play the role of national healer.  As painful as this week has been, I firmly believe that America is not as divided as some have suggested. Americans of all races and all backgrounds are rightly outraged by the inexcusable attacks on police   that includes protestors, it includes family members who have grave concerns about police conduct, and they ve said that this is unacceptable, there is no division there,  he said. Via: Breitbart News ",0
20302,AWESOME PRO-GUN AD Removed From Airport After Complaints From Rainbows And Unicorn Liberals,"The rainbows and unicorn crowd decided they just had to complain about a gun manufacturer s ad being in the Columbia, SC Airport. FN Manufacturing s ad made travelers  upset  so it was taken down. Total BS!Columbia Metropolitan Airport has removed a billboard-sized advertisement of a firearms manufacturer from its concourse.The decision comes a day after The State newspaper reported the ad, featuring eight firearms from FN Manufacturing, upset some travelers. It touted,  Yeah, we carry. I pulled in the commission, and really, they felt that given the negative feedback that it d probably be better to bring it down,  said Dan Mann, executive director of the airport.The Richland-Lexington Airport District approves all advertisements, including their text, content and graphics, according to the terms and conditions of their advertisement agreements.Two other displays for FN will remain up: a different billboard and a promotional video at the escalators.Columbia Mayor Steve Benjamin, who spotted the ad while at the airport Friday morning, said the banner with the multiple firearms wasn t appropriate given its location. It was the wrong ad in the wrong place at the wrong time,  Benjamin said.  I could easily see why anyone, including gun owners, which I am, would be seriously alarmed. Benjamin stressed the city has a good relationship with FN Manufacturing, which has supplied Columbia Police Department s firearms in the past. He said FN is a  good company. S.C. Poet Nikky Finney echoed Benjamin s sentiment concerning the location in which the banner was displayed given  the tenor and the times we live in. I m trying to say that anything that goes up that looks like that and has that kind of attitude should be decided upon by a committee of people that understand that the young man that went to a church, pulled a trigger and took nine lives came from   Columbia,  said Finney, referencing the killing of nine worshipers at Emanuel AME in Charleston allegedly at the hands of Dylann Roof in June 2015.Via: The State",0
20303,OBAMA’S WAR ON AMERICA UPDATE: FBI ISSUES RIOT ALERT For Louisiana…New Black Panthers Coming To Baton Rouge,"We reported earlier about Dallas cop killer, Micah X. Johnson and his affiliation with the New Black Panther group, as well as Obama s past history with them. These acts leading up the GOP convention are no accident. We are living in dangerous times, and the most evil man to ever occupy our White House has been working in conjunction with BLM leaders to make sure this divisive movement succeeds The FBI issued an alert to Louisiana law enforcement agencies warning of violence against officers and planned riots in the aftermath of this week s high-profile fatal shooting of a black man by Baton Rouge Police. Judicial Watch obtained a copy of the situational information report, which was distributed to police and sheriff departments in Bossier, Caddo Parish and east Baton Rouge as well as Louisiana State Police.Titled  Violence Against Law Enforcement Officers and Riots Planned for 8-10 July 2016,  the alert warns that  multiple groups are calling for or planning riots and/or violence against law enforcement in Baton Rouge and Shreveport, Louisiana beginning Friday July 8 2016 and continuing through at least July 10, 2016. The document is labeled  FOUO  (For Official Use Only), a term the government uses to mark sensitive information that s not classified. It was issued by the New Orleans division of the FBI. The agency did not respond to multiple calls from Judicial Watch for comment.A spokesman for the Louisiana State Police Department, Lieutenant JB Slaton, referred Judicial Watch to the FBI and would not confirm or deny that his agency received it even though it appears on the list of recipients.  That s an FBI bulletin, they would need to address it,  Slaton told Judicial Watch after being provided with a copy of the FBI alert. When asked if his agency got the FBI alert Slaton continued to be evasive, responding that  it s an FBI bulletin. The alert is dated July 7 and includes disturbing images from social media, including one depicting a restrained uniformed police officer getting his throat slashed by a masked individual. Other social media images call for purging and killing all cops in Baton Rouge on July 9 and starting a riot by the courthouse in Shreveport that will tear shi_ _ down without killing our own black people.  Calling for unity in the violent protests, one social media post says  it don t matter what color you are.  Another says  must kill every police!!!!   Judicial WatchMeanwhile The  New Black Panther Party,  a militant racial group, announced that they will be arriving in Baton Rouge to protest outside of the Baton Rouge Police Department after Alton Sterling was shot during an altercation with a local officer, calling the headquarters the  pig department. On the group s social media, they called the police department the  Baton Rouge Pig Department,  a term that is often used by militants against police officers across the country, in an exclusive Hayride report.Check out the invitation to the protest, which is supposed to take place tomorrow and where sources tell the Hayride that out-of-towners are expected to show up in order to wreak havoc on the city. Via: InfoWars",0
20304,OUTRAGE! OBAMA’S FEDERAL Wildlife Officers (?) ARREST Journalists For Videotaping Open Borders [VIDEO],"US Border Agents and local law enforcement gave these journalists permission to be there. But Obama s Federal Wildlife Officers had different plans for journalists, who attempted to expose the danger Obama s radical open-border policies pose to America s national security Federal Wildlife Officers? Infowars reporters were detained and disarmed by federal agents Wednesday while reporting near the Texas-Mexico border. Following the encounter, Infowars Joe Biggs explained how he and Michael Zimmermann were disarmed after the pair were taken into custody alongside fellow reporter Alejandra. We just got out of federal custody  we ve been there for 2 hours,  Biggs said.Despite previously getting approval from both border patrol and law enforcement to be in the area, federal wildlife officers   known to be Obama s attack dogs on the border   ordered the crew to put their hands up after encountering them filming a report.After being questioned for hours, Biggs and Zimmermann were told by federal officers that they would need to pay $230 each in order to receive their firearms back. The trio were also charged with misdemeanor criminal trespassing and threatened with felony charges if they returned to the area.Despite being told that the area was off-limits to the public, investigation into the location reveals the exact opposite to be true.Only hours earlier an entirely separate law enforcement group told the reporters that they would have to leave a different part of the border as well. Via: InfoWars",0
20305,SHOCKING VIDEO CONNECTS BEYONCÉ And OBAMA TO DALLAS COP KILLER,"Because Bob Price at Breitbart News had the courage to attend and film an unbelievable Black Panther rally aimed at threatening cops in Houston last year, America was able to see just exactly how hateful and dangerous this group really is. Obama s celebrity bestie, Beyonc promoted the Black Panthers to a staggering 114.4 MILLION viewers in her anti-cop, anti-white performance during her Super Bowl 2016 halftime act. Her over-the-top performance included Black Panther clad dancers who proudly displayed the divisive black power fist.The mainstream media ignored her hateful performance. Impressionable young Americans who ve been watching Obama s race war unfold didn t.  Beyonc wasn t promoting the Girl Scouts of America, she was promoting a HATE group who openly vocalizes their desire to KILL COPS! Thanks to Bob Price, we now know the Dallas cop killer was part of that group.Only hours before the Dallas cop killer took the lives of 5 innocent American law enforcement officers, Beyonc posted this rant to her website:Dallas cop killer Micah X. Johnson was a member of the radical, violent Black Panthers, the same group that Beyonce promoted at the 2016 Super Bowl. Our current  President  marched with them in 2007. Obama s AG, Eric Holder gave them a pass, after they were caught in the act of blatantly intimidating voters during the 2008 election. Micah X. Johnson was a member of the Houston New Black Panther Party for a short period of time. He was reported to be a member for about six months a few years ago.Quanell X told reporters at KPRC NBC2 in Houston that Johnson was a member of the Houston Chapter of the New Black Panther Party for a short time a few years ago. He said he parted ways with Johnson after about six months because Johnson would not follow the chain of command.During negotiations with the Dallas Police Department Friday morning during the ambush shooting that left five officers dead and seven other people shot, Johnson said he was not part of any group. He stated he wanted to kill white people and white police officers.WATCH this shocking video showing the Black Panthers (including Dallas cop murderer) openly calling for the killing of cops: Breitbart Texas was present at an armed march carried out by the Houston New Black Panther Party in Waller County last summer. This writer took photos and video of the armed marchers at that time. One of the members holding an AR-15 style rifle appears to be Micah Xavier Johnson.During the march, the armed members of the New Black Panther Party stood off against Harris County Sheriff s Deputies who came to Waller County responding to a request for assistance from Sheriff Glenn Smith.This writer stood between the protesters and the deputies to take these photos and video. Via: Bob Price, Breitbart NewsNot surprisingly, Barack Obama also has a history with the vile, racist Black Panther group. Obama appeared and marched with members of the New Black Panther Party as he campaigned for president in Selma, Ala., in March 2007.BigGovernment.com posted the photographs, reporting the images were captured from a Flickr photo-sharing account before they were scrubbed.Among the people visible in the pictures with Obama is NBPP Chairman Malik Zulu Shabazz, a defendant in the voter intimidation case that Attorney General Eric Holder dismissed in 2009.Shabazz himself has given scores of speeches condemning  white men  and Jews.The NBPP s official platform states  white man has kept us deaf, dumb and blind,  refers to the  white racist government of America,  demands black people be exempt from military service and uses the word Jew repeatedly in quotation marks.  WNDIt should come as no surprise to anyone that Beyonc  has endorsed the pandering Hillary Clinton. Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton paid a  surprise visit  to Beyonc  during last week s fundraising trip to Los Angeles. Hillary praised Beyonc  while speaking to a crowd at a town hall in Iowa City, Iowa in December. I want to be as good a president as Beyonce is a performer,  Hillary responded after she was asked if she would rather be Beyonc  or president.  Breitbart NewsThis hateful movement promoted by our President and supported by celebrities and hate groups across America is growing. America needs to wake up to this hate and division and stop supporting those who are working behind the scenes to promote it. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
20306,BREAKING LIVE FEED: POLICE FORM LARGE BARRICADE In Atlanta To Keep LARGE Crowd Of Black Lives Matter Protesters Off Major Highway…Protesters Launch Water Bottles At Trucker,"A large group of Black Lives Matter protesters marched through downtown Atlanta in an attempt to shut down a major highway. Police have formed a large barricade, preventing them from disrupting traffic. The protests are in response to recent police shootings.No protests have been scheduled to bring attention to the multiple murders of young black youth by young black youths in Obama s hometown of Chicago. Black lives ONLY matter when they are killed by white people or cops (especially white cops).The march began at Centennial Olympic Park at 6 p.m. and organizers expected more than 1,000 people to show up. Groups started gathering hours earlier.NAACP march organizers in Atlanta said they expect other groups, like Black Lives Matter, to merge with Friday s march. The organization said it will not tolerate any violence.MINUTE BY MINUTE:10:50 p.m.Channel 2 Action News spoke to the driver of the truck that protesters climbed on top of.Chris Golden said he was on his normal route when he got stuck. He said he was not scared when the protesters started to climb up.Protesters block tow truck from getting to truck stuck on Williams St. for hours. #atlmarch https://t.co/S7bpyd80pH pic.twitter.com/ZDu27UlSVV  WSB-TV (@wsbtv) July 9, 2016Protesters are launching water bottles at a tow truck on William Street. WATCH: https://t.co/Hb26W0IR6R pic.twitter.com/yS0LbA1ZRi  WSB-TV (@wsbtv) July 9, 201610:45 p.m.A group of protesters are yelling at police police on Peachtree Street near the Westin hotel.The crowd is dispersing at Williams Street.Police are setting up another blockade on Williams Street.These protestors in front of the downtown connector say they have no intention of leaving. pic.twitter.com/iJk9emiwYc  Matt Johnson (@MJohnsonWSB) July 9, 2016Via: WSBTV ",0
20307,IS THIS THE TERRORIST WHO INSPIRED DALLAS COP KILLER? “We must kill all white police officers across the country…We’re asking that all black police officers take a leave of absence”,"Who is this terrorist and why has not yet been arrested for making open threats against our law enforcement officers and firemen? Those Clinton s they sure do know some interesting characters. Thank goodness Donald J. Trump or his wife weren t ever caught in the same room with this racist monster! The media would slaughtered him. The media has come to expect nothing less from the Clinton s. They ll do anything for a vote. It s always been their motto. And no donor is too evil. If you don t believe me, ask George Soros or some of Hillary s top donors in the nation of Saudi Arabia where women are treated like second class citizens Micah Xavier Johnson, the now-notorious Dallas cop-killer, was one of a handful of online fans of a group which proclaimed,  we must kill white police officers across the country! Shortly after 10 p.m. on Thursday night, when Micah Xavier Johnson shot and killed five Dallas police officers and wounded nine others, Mauricelm-Lei Millere, founder of the African American Defense League hate group, posted a picture on his Instagram account.The caption led with this:  We have no alternative! We must kill white police officers across the country! The picture was of a meeting with former President Bill Clinton, which Millere alleged occurred in May.At 10:52 a.m. the morning after the shooting, Millere posted the following message to the African American Defense League s Facebook page: WE ARE CALLING ON THE GANGS ACROSS THE NATION! ATTACK EVERYTHING IN BLUE EXCEPT THE MAIL MAN, UNLESS HE IS CARRYING MORE THAN MAIL! Micah Johnson was one of just 170 members who follow that Facebook page.Founded in the wake of Ferguson protests in 2014, the African American Defense League is tiny, with possibly only Millere himself as its current leadership, according to the Anti-Defamation League s Center on Extremism. But Millere and the AADL operate many different front groups, including a Jonesboro, Louisiana church called the Morning Star Baptist Church.The AADL s calls to kill white police officers are not new. In November of 2015, the AADL s Facebook page said  every black person across this nation should find a white police to kill in every state and American/European province around the globe. He warns followers on a Facebook post  to remember that Fireman and the Police are on the same side:After the killing of Alton Sterling by Baton Rouge police and before the terror in Dallas, Millere called for cops  blood again. The Pig has shot and killed Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana! You and I know what we must do and I don t mean marching, making a lot of noise, or attending conventions,  he wrote on Facebook.  We must  Rally The Troops!  It is time to visit Louisiana and hold a barbeque. The highlight of our occasion will be to sprinkle Pigs Blood! About 36 hours later, Johnson took aim at white police officers from Dallas rooftops.For entire story: The Daily Beast ",0
20308,LORETTA LYNCH Gives Radical Black Lives Matter Protesters PEP TALK: “I want you to know that your voice is important”,"Eric Holder in a dress Eric Holder got the ball rolling for Obama when he used taxpayer dollars to pay people to protest during the Trayvon Martin controversy. Loretta Lynch is just the person to carry his racist torch of injustice for the  oppressed  black man. These people are not capable of colorblind justice. Their desire to punish anyone who disagrees with their radical ideology is much stronger than their desire to see true and honest justice served in America Members of the Black Lives Matter movement should not get  discouraged by those who would use your lawful actions as a cover for their heinous violence,  Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Friday.Her encouragement of the radical movement came a few hours after five officers were gunned down and six were wounded by an African-American radical attacker during a Black Lives Matter protest in Dallas.Throughout her Friday statement, she zig-zagged between her calls for more political protests, her suggestions that cops should be blamed for the high number of African-Americans killed during interactions with law enforcement, and her calls for less violence during political protests. After the events this week, Americans across the country are feeling a sense of helplessness, of uncertainty, of fear. Now, these feelings are understandable and they are justified. But the answer must not be violence. The answer must never be violence,  Lynch said. Rather, the answer must be action: calm, peaceful, collaborative and determined action. Calm, peaceful, collaborative and determined action. We must continue working to build trust between communities and law enforcement. We must continue working to guarantee every person in this country equal justice under the law,  she said.She played up the administration s pre-election focus on gun control, instead of the political conflicts that spur violence.  And we must take a hard look at the ease at which wrongdoers can get their hands on deadly weapons, and the frequency with which they use them,  she said.Like many officials, Lynch also implied moral equivalence between the deliberately murdered officers in Dallas and the suspects killed by other police officers on duty.  This has been a week of profound grief and heartbreaking loss. The peaceful protest that was planned in Dallas last night was organized in response to the tragic deaths of Alton Sterling in Louisiana and Philando Castile in Minnesota. We have opened a civil rights investigation in Louisiana and we are providing assistance to local authorities in Minnesota who are leading the investigation there,  said Lynch.Lynch repeatedly appeared to praise Black Lives Matter, though not by name, and encouraged black racial activists to continue demonstrating against police.  To those who seek to improve our country, through peaceful protest and protected speech, I want you to know that your voice is important. Do not be discouraged by those who would use your lawful actions as a cover for their heinous violence,  she continued. We will continue to safeguard your constitutional rights and to work with you in the difficult mission of building a better nation and a brighter future. And to all Americans, I ask you, I implore you: Do not let this week precipitate a new normal in this country. I ask you to turn to each other, not against each other as we move forward. But some of those demonstrators not easily restrained. Some black activists in Dallas called for murdering whites and police officers just last summer, telling one veteran:  We are going to rape and gut your pregnant wife, and your f ing piece of sh-t unborn creature will be hung from a tree. The Attorney General also included some vague calls for unity amid her controversial support for the divisive BLM movement.Via: Breitbart News ",0
20309,"BREAKING: Victor Alonzo Majia Nunez ARRESTED After Attempted Drive-By Shooting Of Roswell, GA Cop From Stolen SUV","We don t want to jump to any conclusions, so we ll just wait to find out if Victor Alonzo Majia Nunez is a legal US citizen (or not). For some strange reason, it always seems to take days, or even weeks for the media to find out whether or not the suspect in a crime is a legal US citizen A suspect is under arrest after police say a Roswell officer was shot at during a patrol early Friday morning.Officer Brian McKenzie was in the area of Old Roswell Road and Commerce Parkway when police say a passing vehicle fired a shot at the McKenzie s patrol car. He noticed a vehicle slow down and then heard what he thought was either gunfire or fireworks. He looked over and realized it was gunfire coming towards him,  said Roswell police official Zachary Frommer.McKenzie was not hit.Frommer says McKenzie chased 21-year-old Victor Mejia Nunez, but the Riverdale man crashed the stolen SUV he was driving. Detectives have been speaking to him. He s been less than forthcoming so we don t know motive or anything like that,  Frommer said.Frommer says in light of the attacks on police in Dallas, officers here were already on high alert. Then something like this happens and it just perks us up even more,  Frommer said.Mejia Nunez is facing several charges, including aggravated assault on a police officer. He was in an SUV stolen out of Sandy Springs. Via: WSBTV ",0
20310,BREAKING…OBAMA’S WAR ON COPS: ANOTHER Cop Ambushed And SHOT 3 Times In Neck By Black Man With Lengthy Criminal History In W. St. Louis,"Did America really expect this racist, Community Organizer In Chief to go out quietly? Barack and Mooch have played Americans like fools for 8 long years. No wonder Mooch was never proud of her country before Barack became President. The white man had not yet been sufficiently punished for the crimes of his ancestors against the black man. If America knew this is what it would take to make Mooch and her radical husband proud, would they have still voted for him? Thank goodness for Barack, he s got Hillary to unashamedly keep the torch of hate lit, in order to keep the Democrats dependent upon them to  even the playing field. A Ballwin Police officer was in critical condition after he was shot in the neck during a traffic stop late Friday morning, police said.The male officer had stopped the car for speeding on northbound New Ballwin Road about 11 a.m., police said. As the officer went back to his car, the driver got out,  advanced quickly  and fired three shots at the officer, police said.Said St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar:  Make no mistake, we believe that Ballwin officer was ambushed. St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch agreed. It was clearly an ambush, an attack,  he said.  There was no confrontation, no argument, no nothing. He also said it appeared that one of the shots might have been fired after the officer fell.The gunman fled north on New Ballwin Road and was captured in Manchester several miles northeast of the shooting scene, after jumping out of the car and running, police said.A semiautomatic handgun was recovered, according to St. Louis County Police, who are taking over the investigation.The suspect, identified as Antonio Taylor, 31, of the 1200 block of Tower Grove Avenue, was charged with first-degree assault of a law enforcement officer, armed criminal action and unlawful possession of a weapon. Bail was set at $500,000.Belmar, the St. Louis County chief, said his department has gone to 12-hour days throughout the weekend as result of heightened sense of alert after all that has happened nationally and now locally. We need somebody out there to meet us halfway, because it is very difficult for police officers to do their jobs now,  Belmar said.  At some point we need to tone down the rhetoric. The officer had radioed in that he was stopping a car about 11 a.m., police said. Then 911 dispatchers began getting reports of an officer shot.A woman living in the 300 block of New Ballwin Road near the scene of the shooting said she heard two gunshots and ran out her front door to see what happened. After seeing the wounded officer, she grabbed a towel to put on his neck to try to stop the bleeding. I tried to help the officer,  the witness said.  I just hope he s OK. The woman who helped the officer said she isn t trained as a nurse or first responder.  I m just a mom,  she said.She said her friend called 911 while a nurse performed CPR.Other residents living near the scene of the shooting said they heard gunshots but didn t know what they were at first. I thought it was kids or firecrackers or something,  said a resident on the street.  I m looking outside at many, many police officers. They all need our prayers. A camera in the police car caught the shooting on video, Scott said. He urged anyone else with any video of the incident to call police.Criminal historyIn 2006, Taylor was charged and convicted in Beck County, Okla., on charges of second-degree robbery and unauthorized use of a vehicle, online records from the Oklahoma Department of Corrections say. He was sentenced to five years in prison and was released in 2009.That same year, St. Louis prosecutors charged Taylor with unlawful possession of a firearm for a July 7, 2009 incident.He pleaded guilty, but his prison sentence was suspended and he was placed on probation by St. Louis Circuit Judge Michael Mullen, online court records show. Mullen also ordered him to have mental health and substance abuse evaluations.Taylor then faced federal and state charges after being caught with a gun on June 14, 2010.Assistant U.S. Attorney Tom Mehan, who prosecuted the case, said that on June 14, 2010, Taylor was caught with a gun in car that had been carjacked the day before.When he pleaded guilty to the charge of being a felon in possession of a firearm, Taylor admitted running when stopped by police and discarding a handgun.U.S. District Judge Jean Hamilton sentenced him on Jan. 14, 2011, to 30 months in prison.He received a two-year sentence in St. Louis Circuit Court for a gun charge and resisting arrest, to run concurrent with the federal sentence.In June of 2013, Taylor wrote a letter to U.S. District Judge Jean Hamilton asking to be released from supervised release early. Taylor wrote that he wanted to pursue an acting career. He said he had been working, had been free of violations and had not failed any drug tests.But later that month, his probation officer said that Taylor had repeatedly failed to show up for those drug tests, failed to report to the probation office, left eastern Missouri without permission and had been accused of assaulting his girlfriend when she refused sex.She also said that Taylor had contact with the police in Los Angeles on June 20, 2013.In that incident, Mehan said that Taylor was the passenger in a car that was stopped for not having license plates. Taylor was the passenger, and became extremely agitated after the stop, screaming and waving his hands around. After he was arrested, police found a loaded 9 mm pistol, Mehan said.In April of 2014, Taylor admitted violating his supervised release and Hamilton sentenced him to 15 more months in prison.He was released in March of 2015.McCulloch said police work is 99 percent routine and  there s no way to predict that something like this is going to happen. Via: St Post-Dispatch",0
20311,"SWITZERLAND’S NOT PLAYING GAMES With Muslim Immigrants: “If you reject our culture, we will reject your application for citizenship","Assimilate or go home In the latest move to deny citizenship to anyone who chooses not to assimilate with Swiss culture, authorities have rejected the naturalization application of two Muslim girls who refused to take required swimming lessons at school because boys would be present in the pool.The girls, ages 12 and 14, who live in the northern city of Basel, had applied for Swiss citizenship several months ago, but their request was denied, Swiss media reported Tuesday.The girls, whose names were not disclosed, said their religion prevents them from participating in compulsory swimming lessons with males in the pool at the same time. Their naturalization application was rejected because the sisters did not comply with the school curriculum, Basel authorities said. Whoever doesn t fulfill these conditions violates the law and therefore cannot be naturalized,  Stefan Wehrle, president of the naturalization committee, told TV station SRF on Tuesday.The case shows how those who don t follow Swiss rules and customs won t become citizens, even if they have lived in the country for a long time, are fluent in one of the national languages   German, French or Italian   and are gainfully employed.In April, members of an immigrant family in the Basel area were denied citizenship because they wore sweatpants around town and did not greet passersby   a sure sign that they were not sufficiently assimilated, the naturalization board claimed.Another recent case sparked widespread outrage in Switzerland when two Muslim brothers refused to shake hands with their female teacher, also citing religious restrictions. Shaking hands with a teacher is a common practice in Swiss schools.After that incident was widely publicized, authorities suspended the naturalization request from the boys  father, an imam at the Basel mosque.The swimming case involving the two girls is the first to deny naturalization applications for not complying with a school program, setting precedence for future cases, Wehrle said.This is not the first time Switzerland s Muslim community has stirred controversy over swimming lessons. In 2012, a family was fined $1,500 for forbidding their daughters to participate in swimming classes.The matter eventually ended up in the Supreme Court, which ruled that no dispensations from swimming lessons should be made on religious grounds.In Switzerland, unlike in the United States and many other countries, integration into society is more important for naturalization than knowledge of national history or politics. Candidates for citizenship must prove that they are well assimilated in their communities and respect local customs and traditions.  DC Watchdog  Via: Shoebat",0
20312,"ANOTHER SOLDIER IN OBAMA’S RACE WAR: 4 White People SHOT In TN Ambush, Including A Cop, One KILLED…Cowardly Thug Reportedly “Upset” Over Black Shooting Deaths By Cops","Just another solider in Obama s Race War against Americans Funny I don t recall innocent people being shot because one of Obama s angry soldiers was upset about the multiple murders of young blacks in Chicago each and every week.A Tennessee man who fired on a motel and shot at passing cars on a highway was upset over recent police shootings, officials said Friday.Lakeem Keon Scott, 37, killed one person and wounded three others, including a police officer, when he opened fire early Thursday outside a Days Inn in Bristol, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation.Investigators believe Scott wanted to harm police officers and others because he was angered by high-profile encounters between the police and black people across the country. Scott is black and all four of the shooting victims are white, according to the TBI. The work to investigate the motivation for this incident remains active and ongoing,  TBI said in a statement Friday.  Preliminarily, the investigation reveals Scott may have targeted individuals and officers after being troubled by recent incidents involving African-Americans and law enforcement officers in other parts of the country.   Via: NY Daily News ",0
20313,"WATCH: BLACK LIVES MATTER Thugs Loot 7-Eleven Store After Cop Shootings…Taunt, Make Obscene Gestures At Grieving Dallas Police Officers","The Democrat motto:  Never let an opportunity go to waste Hours after the Black Lives Matter massacre, these thugs got in the faces of grieving cops who were called to the scene of a 7-Eleven store that had been reportedly just been looted. WATCH:Twitter users shared video from the same location:This is disgusting  #BLM thugs flashing gang signs, laughing, and dancing while officers mournShare this trash pic.twitter.com/X47MYf3Nmz  That Trump Guy (@ThatTrumpGuy) July 8, 2016This brave witness tells the truth about the Dallas Black Lives Matter protest, that the media has been trying to present to the public as a  peaceful protest.  While it may be true that the protest was mostly peaceful, it s the angry, violent protesters who put everyone s safety in jeopardy. But hey, what s a Black Lives Matter protest against cop violence without protesters becoming violent against who else the very cops who are sent there to protect and defend their right to free speech?h/t Breitbart News ",0
20314,RACIST DALLAS COP MURDERER ID’D: “He wanted to kill WHITE officers…he expressed killing WHITE people”,"Ironically, He KILLED Cops Protecting Rights Of Cop Haters The gunman who opened fire Thursday night in Dallas in an attack on police officers has been identified as Micah Xavier Johnson, the Los Angeles Times and CBS News report.Racist Micah Xavier Johnson was an Army Reserves veteran who took the life of at least one former Marine who was protecting the rights of protesters to protest cops. Officer Brent Thompson has been identified as one of the 5 Dallas police officers killed in Thursday s sniper attack. Thompson, an officer with the Dallas Area Rapid Transit system, was the first of the 5 officers who died to be named.Thompson, 43, had served in dangerous places before: He was an international police trainer who mentored Iraqi and Afghan police in the concepts of  democratic policing,  training Afghan officers how to avoid an ambush, according to a 2006 New York Times article quoting him and his own LinkedIn page. He d also previously trained American police officers in active shooters. He was also a father and a grandfather.Officer Thompson shared this meme on his Facebook page in 2014:Ironically, Officer Thompson was killed by another veteran, Micah X. Johnson, an angry, racist veteran who declared war on Whites and White LEO s on his homeland.It is not clear if there were any other gunmen, or whether other people taken into custody by police were involved in the shooting. Police initially said two snipers positioned themselves in triangulated locations to fire on officers from elevated positions.The gunfire began just before 9 p.m. while a peaceful rally was held by Black Lives Matter in response to recent controversial police killings of black men in Louisiana and Minnesota.After the shootings in downtown Dallas, the gunman, identified as Micah Xavier Johnson, 25, holed himself up inside El Centro College in the downtown area of the city, Dallas Police Chief David Brown said at a press conference.The gunman was then cornered in El Centro College in downtown Dallas.He told police he was  not affiliated with any groups,  and he said he  did this alone,  the chief said.Here is a post from his Facebook page, which has since been remove. Johnson may say he is not affiliated with any groups, but by the postings found by Heavy.com on his Facebook page, it is clear he holds the same  black power  views as the BLM protesters/rioters. We re pretty sure there is no specific ID or group membership card that the BLM organizers supply their followers with, but just watch the media spin his comments to distance himself for the BLM rioters protesters:Johnson says he s not affiliated with any groups, but what about this group, the Black Power Political Organization, who took responsibility for the killings of Dallas law enforcement officers last night? Here is the post this group placed on their page immediately following the shootings:Is it possible that Johnson was affiliated with this group? It sure seems like he fits the profile. Sources told the Los Angeles Times that Johnson has no ties to terror groups and no known criminal history. He has lived in the Dallas area and has family members living in Mesquite, Texas, east of Dallas, the newspaper reports, citing federal law enforcement sources.A black SUV was found at the scene registered to Delphene Johnson, who is Micah Johnson s mother, according to Facebook posts and public records, NBC Dallas-Fort Worth reports. Live helicopter video from the news station showed police at her home in Mesquite.Johnson served in the U.S. Army Reserve, investigators said. Details about his service were not immediately available.Johnson told police negotiators the  end is coming  and said he wanted to  kill more  officers, according to Brown.Police said after several hours of negotiating, with intermittent exchanges of gunfire, the suspect was killed by a bomb-wielding robot. We tried to negotiate for several hours, negotiations broke down, we had an exchange of gunfire with the suspect,  Brown said.  We saw no other option but to use our bomb-robot and place a device on its extension for it to detonate where the suspect was. Other options would have exposed our officers to grave danger. The suspect is dead a result of detonating the bomb. The suspect did not shoot himself, despite reports, Brown said. He wanted to kill officers, and he expressed killing white people, he expressed killing white officers,  Brown said.  He expressed anger for Black Lives Matter. None of that makes sense, none of that is a legitimate reason to do harm to anyone, so the rest of it would just be speculating on what his motivations were. We just know what he said to our negotiators. While he was barricaded in the hotel, the suspect told police there were bombs planted  all over  downtown Dallas, the city s police chief said at a press conference.Police have not said if any bombs or suspicious items have been found. He said we will eventually find the IEDs,  Brown said.The shooting came a year and a month after a man angry at police opened fire on the Dallas Police headquarters. He fired several shots at the building, but no one was injured. The man, James Boulware, was driving an armored van and was later chased down by police. He was killed during a standoff.Boulware also claimed he had planted bombs in downtown Dallas.Via: Heavy",0
20315,WOW! BLACK POWER POLITICAL ORGANIZATION Takes Credit For Dallas Cop Slayings,"A post on the Black Power Political Organization Facebook page shows the group taking credit for snipers who killed Dallas law enforcement officers yesterday. Since this posting the Facebook page has been shut down. We managed to capture [screen shot] their comments below:Here are a few posts we found on their Facebook page. We thought we d share them in the off chance Facebook shuts them down: From their Facebook page:Black Power Political Organization   BPPO  # BlackPower !  # BlackKnights ! Our Mission Is To Free Africa And All Black Based Countries From Non Black Control! And Give Black People The Opportunity They Need To Develop Themselves And Reach Their Full Potential! We Are A Powerful Political Group Of Patriotic, Pro Black, Pan African Leaders! Who s Job Is To Rule And Control Africa, And All Black Based Countries! So To Avoid Corruption, Bribery, Exploitation, Non Black Control And Every Form Of Ailments Preventing Black People And Africa From Reaching It s Full Potential! To Accomplish Our Goal! We Will Be Working With (Black People Protection Agency AKA  BLACK KNIGHTS )! A Powerful Group Of Well Trained Professional Sniper Assassins, With Tens Of Thousands Of Assassins Located All Over The World, In Every Country! Who s Job Is To Hold Government Leaders And Other Powerful People All Over The World Responsible When They Fail To Give Black People Equal Rights And Justice In Their Countries. By Relentlessly Target And Assassinate Government Leaders And Other Powerful Influential People And Their Families, When They Refuse To Do Right By Us Black People! Our Organization Will Be Finance Through Taxation And Other Means! (Like I always say! To free yourself from the white man. You will have to become like the white man. White people use violence and economic sanctions to control other countries, and exploit them! When the leaders of those countries refuse to do what they want. They destroy their economy or use terrorist to assassinate them! So the only way you can free yourself from them, is to use their own controlling methods against them. So! When western Governments refuse to stop exploit and oppress your country! You have for example: An independent sniper assassin group that will relentlessly target them and their families until they give you what you want, out of fear of dying or losing their love ones! Or You Can Force Someone Close To Them Eg: Friends, Co-workers, Family Doctor etc. To Assassinate Them Through Poisoning etc.) (So as long as they are playing dirty! You have no other choice but to play dirty as well, to free yourself!) SO BECOME A SNIPER ASSASSIN AND HELP FREE AFRICA FROM WESTERN AND NON BLACK PEOPLE CONTROL!Thank you to the amazing Nick Short for the h/t",0
20316,BLACK LIVES MATTER Terror Group Tweet INSANE THREATS And Messages Celebrating Deaths Of Dallas Cops,"Wow there are no words for the hate these people walk around with every day Check out these unbelievable tweets celebrating the murder of innocent Dallas police officers. These officers were risking their lives to protect the First Amendment Right of these pigs to express themselves And as if the vile tweets above weren t bad enough, here are a few more threats from Black Lives Matter terror members:",0
20317,A FEW BLACK CONSERVATIVES Have Some Choice Words For Obama And Hillary Following Dallas Black Lives Matter Cop Massacre,"Obama shouldn t think for one moment that America doesn t see through he and Hillary s disgusting plan to divide us by color, social class, sexual orientation and religion.Here are a few black conservatives offering some choice words for our Divider In Chief and they are awesome!The outspoken Sheriff Clarke nails it with this tweet:American needs Obama to get out of bed & address Dallas situation NOW. He poured gas on this situation with his dog whistle message earlier.  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) July 8, 2016Pastor Manning is furious with our first black President who was given a golden opportunity and totally blew it:https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU2/status/751287310184902657Of course our Divider In Chief is either on the phone with Black Lives Matter organizers doing damage control or sleeping soundly and not giving the war he has started on law enforcement in America a second thought:It's now 5 dead officers. Will somebody wake up the president?#Dallas  Larry Elder (@larryelder) July 8, 2016The brilliant Sheriff Clarke has a few choice words for Hillary as well:Mrs. Bill Clinton earlier showed support for Black LIES Matter. Let's see if this cop hater shows the same empathy for police in Dallas.  David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) July 8, 2016",0
20318,BREAKING UPDATES: 5TH DALLAS POLICE OFFICER HAS DIED…SNIPER DEAD From Self-Inflicted Gun Shot…First Dead Police Officer Identified…”Person Of Interest” Is RELEASED After Questioning,"Heartbreaking: A 5th Dallas law enforcement officer has been pronounced dead today:Dallas Police Association says a 5th police officer has died after ambush Thursday night.  CBSDFW (@CBSDFW) July 8, 2016The dead sniper s identity has not yet been released:BREAKING: Police source says ambush shooting suspect shot himself during standoff. pic.twitter.com/lgjoGhUoRJ  CBSDFW (@CBSDFW) July 8, 2016The first Dallas police officer who was killed by sniper fire last night during a Black Lives Matter protest is 43 year old Officer Brent Thompson:DART ID's slain officer as Brent Thompson, 43. First DART officer killed in line of duty. https://t.co/pBdHa8nFqM pic.twitter.com/zCmWTgbytL  FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) July 8, 2016Here is a heartwarming quote by Officer Thompson shared by Andrea Lucia of CBS 11 News:""I am constantly looking for different ways to serve the department "" -fallen DART officer Brent Thompson. https://t.co/ADBgWQMC77 @CBSDFW  Andrea Lucia (@CBS11Andrea) July 8, 2016Mark Hughes, brother of Cory Hughes, one of the Black Lives Matter protest organizers has been questioned by police and has now been released.THIS MAN IS NO LONGER A SUSPECT: Mark Hughes was released from custody. Did not shoot. https://t.co/jmmcm5zuLl pic.twitter.com/gbFLupY6SX  CBSDFW (@CBSDFW) July 8, 2016God bless these brave men and women in uniform who courageously face cowards and hateful people like this every day. Here is an encouraging tweet from someone who understands the cops at this protest were valiantly defending their right to free speech:Don't forget every officer on the street tonight in #Dallas was protecting the right for people to demonstrate peacefully  Leigh (@LeighDow) July 8, 2016Several people at the Protest here in #Dallas have said cops were cool all night and some even saved lives of civilians. Thank you @DallasPD  Baylor Barbee (@BaylorBarbee) July 8, 2016",0
20319,BLACK LIVES MATTER ORGANIZERS Hacked Messages Show Plans For “Shutting Down GOP Convention”… “Disrupting Trump” And “Martial Law”,"This is just a preview of what these terrorists professional agitators, who ve actually met with our Community Organizer in Chief in OUR White House have planned for this summer. This is NOT your grandparents Democrat Party U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch is coordinating with Democratic activists to so disrupt the upcoming Republican and Democratic National Conventions that martial law will be declared.That s the stunning discovery revealed in a series of direct messages between three activists.On Friday, June 10, 2016, someone hacked into the Twitter account of #BlackLivesMatter (BLM) leader and former Baltimore mayoral candidate DeRay McKesson. McKesson later confirmed the hack to The Baltimore Sun.On June 11, 2016, a Twitterer who calls himself The Saint (@TheSaintNegro) tweeted a direct-message conversation on June 10 between KcKesson and another BLM leader Johnetta Elzie (Netta), in which the two discussed talking with Attorney General Loretta Lynch about plans to bring on martial law by causing chaos at the upcoming Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio, and the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, PA, so as to keep Obama in office.Here s the conversation over the course of several days between black activists DeRay McKesson (DM) and Johnetta Elzie (JE), and between McKesson and a  white ally  named Sam (S):JE:  Have you spoken with Mrs. Lynch [Attorney General Loretta Lynch] recently about the plan for the summer and fall leading up to the elections. DM:  We spoke two weeks and they want us to start really pushing how racist Trump is now instead of waiting so the others can start getting the protesters ready to shut both conventions down. DM:  If we can get both conventions shut down for messing over Bernie and for having racist Trump, then get martial law declared so Obama can stay in office we will win. Call you soon when I get to my dads so I can use his landline and we can talk more on this. DM:  We have to make sure that we use our voices to keep people disrupting Trump all summer and through the fall so martial law can be declared . S:  I wanted to touch base with you about the summer of chaos. So far we have over 2,000 people bused in from different cities and another 6,000 to 8,000 expected to drive into Cleveland for the Convention. S:  They will not be ready for the crowds we are bringing and they will blame Trump for it, especially if we shut it down. The GOP will have to replace him at that point or we will continue the disruptions nationwide. DM:  I will pass the info along. Good work, Sam. You never let us down. It s so important we stop Trump. He can not be president. He will destroy everything we worked so hard for and we can t trust . DM:  today and he [Sam?] confirmed that there will be around 10,000 protesters disrupting the [Republican] convention. Plans are being made for other cities as well for upcoming Trump events. Ads have already been placed looking for people to help. I know you don t care for them [white people] but this is the time we need our white allies doing a lot of the work for us. They are the ones who listen the best. JE:  That will put fear into the GOP and the country when they can t have their convention for all their racist supporting Trump. We ve worked too hard and closely with the Obama administration to have that racist ass take it all away and Hillary . You know I can t stand those white allies, but yo right this is the best to use them. They hang on every word you say and will do whatever is asked. I just hate all that kiss ass they try to do. Like that changes who they are. DM:  We have a lot of white allies volunteering for Trump s campaign to pass along information to us before it s made public so we know when rallies are coming up before they are announced. That way we can plan major disruptions in those cities in advance. We just have to keep our names out of this and let these [white] people do the work for us by pushing how Trump s racist ways will destroy . JE:  That s all those white people are good for in my eyes. I couldn t imagine even pretending to like that racist ass Trump even to get info on his events. I ll be glad when we shut his ass down. DM:  With the support we have from Mrs. Lynch and the help we ve got from Sam and others it won t be hard to cause enough . Here are screenshots of The Saint s series of tweets:    The authorities seem to be taking the plan to disrupt the Republican Convention seriously.As reported by Alice Speri for The Intercept, June 23, 2016, local police and federal agents from the FBI, DHS, and Secret Service are knocking on the doors of activists and community organizers in Cleveland asking about their plans for the Republican National Convention in July.On June 29, 2016, Deray McKesson sort of confirmed the plan when he went public with warnings about  possible  protests at the DNC and RNC, as reported by USA Today.In fact, a recent survey showed that as many as 67% of Democrats want Obama for a third term.Via: DC Clothesline",0
20320,WHOA! DNC Releases Statement Suggesting Dallas Sniper And Black Lives Matter Protesters Are Linked,"Of course tomorrow morning, the Democrat Party will put their heads together and after hours of damage control, they will tell Americans Wasserman-Schultz didn t really mean what she said. What is it about women in the Democrat Party (Hillary) who don t really mean what they say?The Democratic National Committee has released a statement about the shooting of 11 police officers in Dallas tonight. The shooting took place at a Black Lives Matter protest against the deaths of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile at the hands of police this week. In a press conference, the chief of the police department clearly said that there is no known link between the snipers and the protesters.Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Shultz didn t get that memo. The statement from the DNC looks like this:Pay attention to that penultimate paragraph. The last line, in particular, is noteworthy. And while most protesters have made their voices heard peacefully, tonight s shooting of officers in Dallas is unacceptable and a reminder that the time to address these tensions and find common ground is long overdue. What are you implying here, DWS?Image via: TwitterVia: Mediate",0
20321,BREAKING: DALLAS SNIPER SUSPECT Reportedly Telling Police “There Are Bombs All Over The Place…The End Is Coming”,"If this sniper is part of the Black Lives Matter group, does this massacre of innocent law enforcement officers officially make them a terror group?Chief Brown: Says suspect has told them there are bombs all over the place, and that the end is coming.  CBSDFW (@CBSDFW) July 8, 2016",0
20322,BREAKING: TWO Suspects In Dallas Cop Shootings Are In Custody After Reported High Speed Chase Of Black Mercedes On I-35 In Dallas,"Two suspects are in DPD custody following horrific attack on Dallas law enforcement officers during a Black Lives Matter protest in Dallas, TX.Please pray for these officers and for their families.Update: pic.twitter.com/ukWSZJeZo3  Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) July 8, 2016#UPDATE Two people in custody after reported police chase on I-35 south of downtown Dallas. (Chopper11) pic.twitter.com/6gNAuWVvFr  CBSDFW (@CBSDFW) July 8, 2016We re not sure if this is the black Mercedes Benz mentioned in the DPD report above, but FOX News is reporting on a car that the police have stopped after leaving the Black Lives Matter protest/shooting scene.#Breaking #Dallas police have stopped a car seen leaving the shooting scene. Latest @FOX4 pic.twitter.com/u8OBkCQhja  FOX4Terry (@FOX4Terry) July 8, 2016",0
20323,"BREAKING DALLAS: DPD Chief Confirms 10 Officers SHOT, 3 DEAD, Two In Surgery, 3 In CRITICAL CONDITION…SHOT By “2 SNIPERS” Reportedly Wearing Body Armor During Dallas Black Lives Matter Protest [VIDEOS]…Shooter On Loose","UPDATE 12:09: 1 Suspect in custody. 1 suspect pinned down.Dallas Update! 1suspect in custody & 1suspect pinned down!!Both suspects wearing masks !! #KelyFile #BlueLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/KiIox2YAqd   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) July 8, 2016Dallas Police Department Chief confirms 10 officers have been shot. Three officers were KILLED, three are in critical condition and two are in surgery.Reports are now stating that two snipers were involved and that the shooting occurred from a rooftop/s above the scene. Shots can be heard being fired in this video:https://twitter.com/allisongriz/status/751234755882995713UPDATE 11:46:.@DPDChief states 2 snipers responsible for shooting 10 Dallas officers tonight, three of whom are deceased. No suspects in custody.  FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) July 8, 2016A cameraman covering the protest in #Dallas came upon this horrific site. [Warning: Graphic Content] pic.twitter.com/06xGEt9ilu  CBS Los Angeles (@CBSLA) July 8, 2016UPDATE 11:35 pm:NEW: @DPDChief confirms 10 officers shot, three dead, two in surgery, three in critical condition. No suspects in custody.  FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) July 8, 2016From @shaunrabbfox4   ""There are several officers gravely injured. This is going to be an horrific night for the Dallas Police Department.""  Mike Doocy (@MikeDoocyFox4) July 8, 2016A Facebook post by Michael Kevin Bautista shows the horrendous situation cops were faced with tonight in Dallas during a Black Lives Matter protest:WATCH HERE:BREAKING UPDATE:BREAKING: Multiple sources say about 3   6 officers were shot during tonight's protest.https://t.co/pBdHa8nFqM pic.twitter.com/sDRV7PiiNy  FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) July 8, 2016Here are some of the comments on Michael Kevin Bautista s page under the video above:    #breaking Crowd on the run downtown Dallas. Reports of an officer shot at the protest march. pic.twitter.com/zstZnDIRlm  Doug Dunbar (@cbs11doug) July 8, 2016People can be seen running from the scene here:Video shows police responding after shots fired in Dallas during protest of recent killings https://t.co/00c6j7cAPUhttps://t.co/P2K9Z0vziF  ABC News (@ABC) July 8, 2016https://twitter.com/Nero/status/751247603455647744Black conservative Melissa tweets a little reminder for the Black Lives Matter rioters:https://twitter.com/Sweetatertot/status/751246223991013377#BREAKING: Our cameras captured several shots ring out during a protest in Downtown Dallas pic.twitter.com/OWOBOOI8Jg  FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) July 8, 2016DALLAS BE CAREFUL. Reports of a sniper and 2 officers down 30 mins ago at Dallas protest pic.twitter.com/Zk3jvPUfMk  Chocolate Metaphor (@ChocoMetaphor) July 8, 2016Shots have subsided. Shooter is reportedly still on the loose https://twitter.com/DianaZogaFox4/status/751244944136892416Crime scene tape up at Baylor, multiple police units here @FOX4 pic.twitter.com/zV6NgUDbDb  Lynnanne Nguyen (@LynnanneFOX4) July 8, 2016",0
20324,"OHIO COLLEGE PROFESSOR Makes Threatening Post To Facebook: “Bunch of us anti-gun types are going to have to arm ourselves, storm the NRA headquarters in Fairfax, VA…make sure there are no survivors”","James Pearce, an anti-gun adjunct professor at Southern State Community College in Ohio, made an outrageous, threatening Facebook post on June 13, 2016, that is reportedly under investigation by the proper authorities. By the way, the post still remains on his Facebook page. Apparently, making a threat about shooting people up on Facebook is not offensive to the paid censors as long as it s directed at the pro-gun crowd. A look at his Facebook page will prove that he is unapologetic after making the disgusting remarks and in fact, is calling it a joke. Funny we re not seeing the humor in these sick remarks: A bunch of us anti-gun types are going to have to arm ourselves, storm the NRA headquarters in Fairfax, VA, and make sure there are no survivors. Here is the actual post:The Highland County Press reported that Pearce s comments were sent to authorities and SSCC on June 15.Kris Cross, Director of Public Relations for SSCC, told Campus Reform that  it is the college s policy not to comment on individual personnel matters,  but did offer some general observations of potential relevance to the case. In general, the college would alert local authorities about any threats that were made known to the college, especially any threats made to students, faculty or staff,  she explained.  We have a good working relationship with the police jurisdictions covering each of our four campuses, and trust they would follow their protocols for reporting to other agencies. As I understand it, a report does not necessarily mean an investigation. Campus ReformPearce s Facebook post from yesterday leads us to believe no action has yet been taken by the Community College:When asked if Pearce would continue to teach during the investigation, Cross stated,  Certainly any criminal prosecution and findings could be a consideration for employment decisions in any matter of criminal conduct. On June 17, SSCC Security and Emergency Response coordinator Gary Heaton noted that the information had been reported to the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security. The Attorney General advised [SSCC Vice President] Dr. Roades to take no action until the Feds had completed an investigation,  Heaton told the Highland County Press.",0
20325,LIST OF 15 CORPORATIONS Working With Obama To Bring UNLIMITED NUMBER OF REFUGEES To America,"Buckle up America Obama still has 6 months to fundamentally transform America. If the media and #NeverTrump crowd manages to convince voters to support Crooked Hillary, it will be the end of America as we know it Who will be vetting the unlimited number of potential terrorists refugees Obama is bringing to America? The White House announced last week that it is launching a  Call to Action  asking private businesses to help with the resettlement of refugees. This could be done without regard to the government cap of 85,000 total refugees, including 10,000 Syrian refugees, in 2016.Fifteen founding corporations have teamed up with the Obama administration on the effort. These are: Accenture, Airbnb, Chobani, Coursera, Goldman Sachs, Google, HP, IBM, JPMorgan Chase & Co., LinkedIn, Microsoft, Mastercard, UPS, TripAdvisor, and Western Union. The Call to Action initiative is not only to help refugees in the United States, but all over the world.In Europe for example, Mastercard  worked with Mercy Corps to distribute prepaid debit cards to eligible refugees traveling through Serbia. Approximately $75,000 was distributed to nearly 400 families and individuals.  The three main facets of this private partnership program are:  education,   employment,  and  enablement.  Education includes  facilitating refugee children and young adults  education by ensuring that refugee students can access schools of all levels.  The employment facet includes  increasing employment opportunities for refugees. Through those two parts of the initiative refugees can be settled in the United States without limit as they wouldn t fall under the purview of the government cap on refugee resettlement. Through work and education visas refugees would not actually be considered as refugees for their immigration status. One of the companies already partnered with the Obama administration, Chobani, currently has a work force in the United States that is roughly 30 percent resettled refugees. A White House fact sheet states 66 percent of refugees are of working age.Outside of employment and education, under the  enablement  part of the initiative, the White House mentions that companies can help refugees get access to financial services, technology, housing and transport. This also includes  covering costs of charter flight to bring resettled refugees to the United States (or to another country of resettlement). These refugees will be coming outside the refugee resettlement program so they would not be counted under the government cap of 10,000. These  alternative legal pathways or sponsorships  will be under employment visas, training, student visas and scholarships, visiting scholars etc,  Nayla Rush, senior researcher at the Center for Immigration Studies, told The Daily Caller.Rush added,  remember, the aim is to bring as many Syrian refugees as possible. 10,000 is the limit this [Fiscal Year] under the refugee resettlement program. No limit to these  private sponsorships , more importantly, to traceability. At a United Nations summit on September 20, Obama is going to push for  double the number of resettlement slots and alternative legal pathways for admission that are available to refugees, and increase the number of countries accepting significant numbers of refugees. Via: Daily Caller ",0
20326,BILL O’REILLY RELEASES Never Before Seen Pictures Of Obama In Muslim Dress…Says They Prove “Deep Emotional Ties To Islam” [VIDEO],"Barack Hussein Obama has not exactly done a stellar job convincing America he s a Christian. He spent his entire career as Christian in a church that preached hate against America and the white man. His own preacher, the racist Reverend Wright admitted that Obama only became a Christian to help himself become better integrated with the people who he was trying to embed himself with as a Community Organizer. Even the casual observer couldn t help but notice that while Obama s been in office, he s done everything but backflips to defend the Islamic faith, while bashing Christianity.  Bill O Reilly shared photos of Barack Obama in traditional Islamic dress on his program Wednesday night claiming they were from his half-brother Malik s wedding.The Fox News host said it was  very difficult  to verify the exact location of the photographs   a similar set of which were first released back in 2004 by Malik and previously published on DailyMail.com   but claimed they were taken in Maryland in the early 1990s. According to his half-sister, Barack Obama attended his half-brother s wedding in the early 1990s. Malik Obama was a Muslim,  said O Reilly. The Factor has obtained pictures allegedly from that wedding, which we believe was held in Maryland. Malik was married in 1981 for the first time and President Obama was his best man at that ceremony. He now has multiple wives.O Reilly used the photos in a monologue alleging the President s  deep emotional ties to Islam  have stopped him effectively combating ISIS while also saying he believes the photos prove that President Obama is not a  devout Christian. He did this while attacking President Obama hours after he revealed he would not be withdrawing troops from Afghanistan, saying:  President Obama, as we all know, will not even use the words Islamic terrorism. Again today when telling the nation that America will maintain eight-thousand troops in Afghanistan, the president did not accurately describe the situation there, putting forth that it was more about politics than Islamic terror. O Reilly claims the President Obama s failure to identify the terrorist threat facing America has allowed ISIS to run amok in the Middle East, a mistake he claims the Commander-in-chief will not acknowledge. There is no question the Obama administration s greatest failure is allowing the Islamic terror group ISIS to run wild, murdering thousands of innocent people all over the world, including many Muslims,  said O Reilly. Mr. Obama has never, never acknowledged that mistake, nor does he define the ISIS threat accurately. That group is killing innocent people in order to impose a radical version of Islam on the world. The jihad is solely based on theology, perverted as it may be. Obama s refusal to use the phrase  Islamic terrorism , preferring instead to say  militants  or simply  terrorists  has long been a sore spot for his Republican detractors, including Donald Trump.O Reilly also said of Obama after sharing the photos:  I believe he s a Christian. I m not one of these guys who says he s a Muslim. But I don t think he s a devout Christian. He went on to say during the program:  I base my analysis on the fact that in my opinion   and I could be wrong, but I m not   President Obama s sympathetic treatment of Muslims put the country in danger because he has not elevated the risks that we have to the level it should be. And he allowed ISIS to be created because of his foolish decision to withdraw troops in Iraq and to pretty much run wild for five years. So another president, angry about the jihad, would not have done that. O Reilly s guest, Obama: From Promise to Power author David Mendell, jumped in at that point to say:  I think President Obama is very sympathetic to all cultures, all religions. He grew up in a multiplicity The host cut him off though to ask:  Is that good for a commander in chief to be very sympathetic to all cultures and all beliefs when thousands of people are being murdered? O Reilly then closed out the segment by stating:  He s the commander in chief of the United States, and his main charge is to protect us. It s not main charge as to be touchy-feely to all different cultures. Via: Daily Mail",0
20327,MINNESOTA: MOB OF SOMALIS RAGE Through Upscale Neighborhood Threatening To “Kidnap” And “Rape” Homeowners [VIDEO],"Of course, you won t see this story on ABC, NBC, CBS, CNN, MSNBC or any of the other liberal news stations. Because gangs of Muslim refugees threatening innocent people inside their homes isn t news, but House Democrat losers staying up all night and noshing on take-out in phony gun-control publicity stunt was on the news 24-7.A mob of up to 30 young Somali men paraded through one of Minneapolis  more upscale neighborhoods last week, yelling disparaging comments and threats against homeowners.A female resident of the neighborhood, obviously shaken in a TV interview, related how she was screamed at by a Somali man who threatened to kidnap and rape her. They were screaming at the house that they were going to kidnap you and they were going to rape you,  one Minneapolis resident told KSTP TV.  It was a very traumatizing experience. Somalis living in Minneapolis are almost all Sunni Muslims, and residents of the Lake Calhoun area say this isn t the first time a group of Somali men has made an intimidating march through their neighborhood, which is filled with million-dollar homes.No hate-crime charges are apparently being considered by either the Minnesota authorities or the Obama Justice Department headed by Loretta Lynch.Police were called to the scene on June 28 about 9:30 a.m. and are investigating the incident as a potential case of terroristic threats. No arrests have been made, and the Minneapolis media appear to be largely uninterested in reporting on the mob threats.According to a Minneapolis police report, between 20 and 30 young Somali men showed up in front of a woman s house about 9:30 in the morning and started shouting insults.  The comments turned to threats,  the report said.Watch local TV report of horrific threats made by a mob of young Somali men in Minneapolis:Via: WND",0
20328,"“Trumpocalypse”: HACKED EMAIL EXPOSES DEMOCRAT PARTY PLAN To Spend Whopping $800,000 On Disruptions (Riots) At Republican Convention","Let that sink in A major party in America is planning to spend upwards of $800,000 to create chaos, confusion and intimidation against fellow Americans who don t agree with them. Now that s a party you can be proud to be a part of! Internet hacker  Guccifer 2.0  released the Democrat Party s plan to disrupt the RNC in Cleveland and harass delegates at the convention.Democrats plan to spend at least $800,000 on operations to torment Republicans at their convention.Hundreds of paid liberal activists will also converge on Cleveland to disrupt and cause mayhem. -GPThe Smoking Gun reported:The Democratic Party s plan to crash this month s Republican National Convention is heavy on gimmicks and stunts meant to highlight a possible  Trumpocalypse,  as well as to ridicule the presumptive GOP candidate s purported spray tan, tiny fingers, and dog whistle proclivities.The Democratic National Committee s  Counter Convention Plan Sketch  covers 22 pages and outlines the party s activities in Cleveland, where the Republican convention begins July 18. Democratic operatives will launch their operation a week earlier, on July 11, to coincide with the opening of the RNC s summer meeting. ",0
20329,Black Racists Tried To Shut Her Up By Threatening And Intimidating Her…BIG Mistake! [VIDEO],Conservative badass and girlfriend of active duty Navy Seal hits back HARD after black racists attack her on social media The result is spectacular and spot on. Enjoy! ,0
20330,"AMERICA IN CRISIS: “Hillary Clinton Is A CRIMINAL Involved In a Criminal Enterprise…If The Voters Do Not Stop Her, She Will Be The Next President of the United States”","Are Democrat voters willing to risk what little integrity their party has left to get behind Crooked Hillary? Will they be inspired to go to the polls to elect someone they know has been under criminal investigation for most of her adult life? Congressman Darrell Issa (R-CA), chairman of the House Oversight Committee, talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon about President Barack Obama s willful disregard for the law as president and the FBI s decision not to charge Hillary Clinton for her actions involving top secret emails. Issa said:We are in a crisis because Hillary Clinton, if the voters do not stop her, will be the next President of the United States. She will, in fact, on Day One say,  Pardon me,  and she ll mean it. She ll have pardoned herself. She will have, in fact, gone from being a criminal involved in a criminal enterprise   obviously, Clinton Cash depicted that   and somebody who flaunted the security laws, the privacy laws, the presidential and the Federal Records Act, and gotten away with it.Via: Breitbart News",0
20331,MATT DAMON Says America Needs IMMEDIATE GUN BAN After Making $50 MILLION KILLING People With Guns In Popular Movie Series,"It warms the heart to know people as important as Hollywood actor Matt Damon care so much about the little people with guns in America. If Damon really feels so strongly about the government taking our Second Amendment right away, perhaps he should stop making a living with guns Matt Damon will return to the big screen as trained assassin Jason Bourne later this month, and while promoting the new film in Australia over the weekend called for a ban on guns in the United States.In an interview with a reporter from the Sydney Morning Herald, Damon said:  You guys did it here in one fell swoop and I wish that could happen in my country, but it s such a personal issue for people that we cannot talk about it sensibly. We just can t. Damon made these comments at the red carpet premiere of the new Bourne movie, a film series in which he has killed at least 10 people with a firearm.Damon, who has reportedly made over $50million for his work in the four Bourne films, has also had no issue with using weapons in other films.The 45-year-old actor has also carried firearms in his movies The Departed, Green Zone and Elysium, to name just a few.Via: Daily Mail",0
20332,BOOM! GOP Makes BLISTERING Video Using FBI Director’s Comments Side By Side With Hillary’s Lies,"America should ve known Hillary would be allowed to skate. When Chicago thug politics mesh with the Clinton Crime Syndicate, American citizens don t have a chance. The Democrat party is starting to make the mafia look like girl scouts .In a scathing video ad titled  Tale of Two Press Conferences,  the GOP plays side-by-side excerpts from Comey s statement and a March 10, 2015 press conference when Clinton was first cornered with accusations about her private email server.The result is a smackdown that casts Clinton as a bald-faced liar. I did not email any classified material to anyone on my email,  Clinton says in the footage on one side of a split-screen. 110 emails in 52 email chains have been determined by the owning agency to contain classified information,  Comey says at screen-right.After Clinton says that she  thought it would be easier to carry just one device for my work and for my personal emails instead of two, Comey is seen rebutting her on Tuesday   declaring that she  used numerous mobile devices to view and send e-mail on [her] personal domain. RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement that Clinton  has spent the last 16 months looking into cameras deliberately lying to the American people. This video perfectly highlights Hillary Clinton s serial lies over her secret email server, which jeopardized national security, left over 2,000 classified emails unprotected, and covered up unethical conflicts of interests related to her family foundation while she was Secretary of State,  he added.  Via: Daily Mail ",0
20333,"BLOODY 4TH OF JULY WEEKEND UPDATE: Obama’s Hometown Of Chicago…64 Shot, 6 Killed, Including 39 Yr Old Father, 3 And 10 Yr Old Daughters…Black Reverend Cautions Those Who Blame Guns or Cops","Just another big city destroyed by Democrats As the nation took to backyard BBQs and paused to celebrate the birth of our nation, the incessant gang warfare in and around the Chicago area continued without a hitch with 37 shootings and six deaths over the three-day weekend. The tragic toll included the death of a 39-year-father and his two young girls in a nearby Chicago suburb.At least 64 people were shot in the nation s third largest city over the Independence Day weekend, including four people who were fatally wounded. The grim violence in Chicago, which has recorded 329 homicides already this year, continued despite stepped up street patrols by the Chicago Police Department and the arrest of 88 gang members in two of the city s most violent neighborhoods ahead of the holiday weekend.Friday was atypical in that the shootings were relatively few and no one died, but the rest of the weekend more than made up for it. Friday featured only five citizens wounded, all in separate incidents.Saturday rang in with a vengeance with 11 shootings and two deaths, while Sunday saw 14 shootings and one death. Sunday also saw an additional three people murdered in a nearby suburb. By Independence Day itself, another four citizens were wounded.One of the most tragic shootings of the holiday weekend was the death of 39-year-old Dionus M. Neely, who was shot and killed along with his ten-year-old and three-year-old daughters, Elle and India.The murders took place in the nearby Chicago suburb of Hazel Crest on Sunday morning just after 2 AM, police report. Anyone who could kill a three-year-old and a ten-year-old, no matter what the circumstances, is nothing but pure evil as far as I m concerned,  Hazel Crest Police Chief Mitchell Davis III said on Sunday afternoon.The long weekend brings the list of violence to 2,008 total Chicagoans shot, and 302 shot and killed, among the total 336 homicides in the Windy City thus far this year.  BreitbartReverend Jesse Lee Peterson has some thoughts on why crime is so high in majority black cities and why Americans need to STOP blaming cops for the fatherless crisis that is plaguing inner city communities.Fatherless homes   combined with the left s policies and attacks on free speech   are creating thugs and cop killers. It s important to shine a light on this anti-cop mentality that has so contaminated America s inner cities.   The underlying cause of all this of course? Young black men growing up without fathers.Progressives of all colors have intimidated most white Americans with the  R  word (racist), and now whites rarely comment on black criminality. These same progressives are perpetuating the fatherlessness and anti-police attitude that is wreaking havoc on America s inner cities.Many blacks today have a serious issue with authority figures. This problem starts in the home and manifests itself as early as preschool.A Department of Education study found that blacks make up 18 percent of all preschool children, but they account for 42 percent of suspensions.Education Secretary Arne Duncan blamed the problem on  racial disparities,  and was  stunned that we were suspending and expelling 4 years olds.  Duncan is more  stunned  by the disciplinary action of the schools than he is by the rotten behavior of the kids. No surprise. Rotten kids are anti-authority   so are progressives.Attorney General Eric Holder said a  zero-tolerance  approach eventually leads many students into the criminal justice system and promised to end the  school-to-prison pipeline.  In other words, according to Holder, disciplining bad kids is creating a path to prison! This is progressive  wisdom. Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton, the NAACP, the Congressional Black Caucus and other leftist black  leaders  have been excusing black criminals and stoking hatred toward police for decades.The 1992 Los Angeles riots, sparked by the police beating of Rodney King, resulted in the deaths of 60 people. But Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., didn t call it a riot; she called it a  rebellion. The rap music industry has long promoted violence toward cops. The most notorious perpetrators include: N.W.A. (Niggaz with Attitudes) with their  F  tha Police  lyrics, rapper ICE-T s  Cop Killer  album, and Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg s  187  (about murdering cops). Video games like  Grand Theft Auto  also reinforce anti-police attitudes.Progressive mayors are allowing thugs and cop haters to flourish in our cities.Leftist NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio ended previous Mayor Rudy Giuliani s successful  stop, question, and frisk  program after complaints that it unfairly targeted minorities, and now violent crime has skyrocketed.According to CompStat figures, 129 people were shot last month   a 43 percent increase over the same period last year.In  Chicagoland,  progressive policies and fatherlessness have created  killing fields.  The recent Independence Day massacre, where 82 shootings resulted in 15 people killed, doesn t help the city s image.Instead of aggressively going after Chicago s gangs, Obama former Chief of Staff and now Mayor Rahm Emanuel is focused on the guns, even though Chicago has some of the nation s toughest gun-control laws.Progressives have created an environment that rewards irresponsibility and dependency. Sending welfare payments to single women with children has resulted in the decline of black marriages. Today, 73 percent of black kids are born out of wedlock.Since most black fathers are not around, these children never develop respect for authority. In fact, they grow to hate the impatience and pressure their mothers put on them.Recently I interviewed Paul Raeburn, author of  Do Fathers Matter?  Here are just a few of his findings:  When fathers are absent during mother s pregnancy, the baby is more likely to be born prematurely. The baby is four times as likely to die in the first year.  If the man is depressed, the child is eight times as likely to have behavior problems and 36 times as likely to have difficulty getting along with peers.   Kids with dads around are less likely to become  bullies : Oxford researchers said when fathers were absent, children had higher rates of aggressive behavior.Obviously the missing link to end the cycle of violence and the anti-police attitude in the black community is to rebuild black families. Progressive policies of providing financial incentives for single mothers who have kids out of wedlock must end.Progressives also bully people into not speaking truth about moral cause and effect. They re not just immoral   they are  anti-moral. Yet, Americans   especially white Americans   have to start speaking out about the anti-authority mindset destroying our inner cities. If whites and blacks allow the lawlessness to continue, the chaos and anti-cop violence will spread everywhere. And when police are not safe   no one is safe. Via: WND ",0
20334,4TH OF JULY HUMOR: Brutal Cartoon Shows Difference Between Liberals And Proud Americans,Boom!Courtesy of: comicallyincorrect.com,0
20335,"CLASSLESS KENNEDY FAMILY With History Of Philanders, Drunks, A Murderer And Rapist Celebrate Independence Day By Mocking Trump","How elite leftists celebrate America s Independence Day The Kennedy clan gathered at their Hyannis Port compound on Cape Cod over the weekend for their annual Fourth of July festivities, and took some time to attack Donald Trump.Robert F. Kennedy Jr. s daughter Kathleen, between known as Kick, posted a photos of a pinata of The Donald from a family party over the weekend. It s yuge party!,  wrote Kick in the caption of the Instagram post, which also showed some of her family members milling about in the background.She later deleted the Instagram post just before 11am on Monday.Via: Daily Mail",0
20336,"OBAMA’S FINAL 6 MONTHS…Racist, Desperate, Congressional BLACK Caucus Plans Gun-Control Antics On House Floor: “Be As Disruptive As Possible To Speaker Ryan”","We re still waiting to hear if the White Congressional Caucus will join in oh wait never mind The Congressional Black Caucus is calling on its members  to be as disruptive to Speaker Ryan as possible next week  when the House returns for business on Tuesday.The Washington Examiner has obtained a memo sent to Democratic offices that states that CBC members are coordinating a  day of action on the floor in regards to gun violence. The plan involves members giving speeches throughout the day calling for further federal restrictions on the possession and use of guns. The memo also asks members to be present for a House Rules Committee that afternoon regarding on the terrorism and gun control legislation slated for action on the floor Wednesday. During Votes   Members are encouraged to have a picture (not poster board, but a printed piece of paper with an image of a constituent killed by a firearm),  the memo stated.Via: Washington Examinerh/t: Weasel Zippers",0
20337,BRILLIANT DANIEL HANNAN Smacks Down Rude CNN Reporter [Video],"Please check out the clip below and you ll see what drives conservatives nuts! CNN has every right to question Daniel Hannan in the interview but notice how Christian Amanpour gets combative and angry about Brexit while she s offending Daniel Hannan by insinuating that he s racist. Conservatives are so sick of political activists as journalists! Amanpour is a total political hack who just can t keep her personal views out of her reporting! THIS IS WHY WE BOYCOTT CNN!Heat Street has more:British MEP Daniel Hannan Spent Nine Minutes Smacking Down CNN JournalistDaniel Hannan, a conservative Member of the European Parliament representing South East England and one of the most vocal advocates in favor of #Brexit, had a  fiery exchange  with CNN s Christiane Amanpour, in which Hannan repeatedly rejected Amanpour s attempts to smear Leave supporters as racist and pushed back against her accusations that he had made misrepresentations.The interview, which aired on Tuesday, featured Amanpour questioning Hannan for details about how Britain s exit from the European Union would be accomplished.Here s the video, with a few seconds shy of nine minutes of Hannan smacking down rudeness and ridiculousness from Amanpour over and over and over again:",0
20338,CAFE OWNER REACTS IN AWESOME WAY After Town Told Her To Remove “God Bless America” Banner From Front Of Restaurant,"Bravo! This woman is example of true courage. More Americans need to take a stand against anyone who attempts to silence their First Amendment right Whenever folks in Penfield, New York get a hankering for pancakes for lunch   they head over to the 5 Mile Caf .The family-owned restaurant is known in those parts for serving breakfast any time of the day (order their homemade corned beef hash).They are also known for their patriotism. We are very patriotic here at the caf    all year round  not just this time of year,  owner Jennifer Aquino told me.  We have American flags and patriotic things around the caf . So Jennifer decided to ask the town for a permit so she could post a  God Bless America  banner on the front of her restaurant. She wanted to display the banner from Memorial Day through Independence Day.There was just one significant problem.Penfield has a strict banner allotment policy. Businesses are only allowed to post banners for a total of three weeks out of the year. And Jennifer had used up her allotment. At one point we had banners all over the town and the town just looked trashy and our residents said enough s enough,  town supervisor Tony LaFountain told WHEC.Jennifer s request was denied.Instead of posting the banner outside the restaurant, she posted it inside. And that was that   until the Orlando terrorist attack. I decided on my way to work that I was going to put it up regardless of the town telling me I couldn t,  she said.  So I put it up. A bit later that day she received an email from the town telling her to remove the banner. They warned her that she could face a possible fine for violating the ordinance. I didn t take it down,  Jennifer told me.  And I was willing to pay the fine. The [message on the banner] means a lot to me   especially during this time in our country with all that s going on with terrorism,  she said.  I just can t believe that I can t have this banner up and be supported by the town board. The fact that I m being asked to take it down is wrong,  she said.  It s against my First Amendment rights. People need to open up their eyes. If we start letting them tell us we can t do this   it s going to get worse. Jennifer tells me she never imagined there would be a day like this in America. I have lots of veterans in my family,  she said.  I have a cousin who fought in Desert Storm so that we could have the freedom to hang a banner that says,  God bless America. And yet we live in a nation where you can be punished for simply being patriotic.Via: FOX News ",0
20339,"HOLLYWOOD HYPOCRITE LEONARD DICAPRIO Jets LA Friends Across The World 6,000 Miles To Hear His Speech On GLOBAL WARMING","Sacrifice is for the peasants When Hollywood actor Leonardo DiCaprio hosts a reception for a string of A-list stars, supermodels and wealthy philanthropists later this month, he will make an impassioned plea for more action to be taken on global warming.But instead of holding the event in Los Angeles, where most of his guests are based, they will fly halfway around the world to the glitzy French resort of St Tropez   at enormous cost to the environment.Last night, green campaigners were quick to criticise 41-year-old DiCaprio, who in February used his Best Actor acceptance speech at the Oscars to warn about the dangers posed by climate change.The reception   the grand-sounding Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation Annual Gala To Fund Climate and Biodiversity Projects   will be held on July 20 at the Bertaud Belieu Vineyards on the French Riviera.Celebrities including Kate Hudson, Charlize Theron, Cate Blanchett, Marion Cotillard, Penelope Cruz, Robert De Niro, Scarlett Johansson, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Kevin Spacey are all expected to attend, along with a host of international rock and pop stars, supermodels and tycoons.And while a table seating 12 people at the gala costs up to  125,000, the real price will be paid by the environment.If just one guest among the 500 invitees chooses to fly the 12,000-mile round trip from LA to St Tropez by private jet   a notoriously environmentally unfriendly way to travel   they will produce 86 tons of carbon dioxide greenhouse gas.Even those who use a scheduled flight will be responsible for releasing seven tons of CO2   leading green campaigners to ask why the event could not have been held in Hollywood or in St Tropez during May s Cannes Film Festival, when many of the guests would have been there anyway.Robert Rapier, an environmental analyst, said:  DiCaprio demonstrates why our consumption of fossil fuels continues to grow. It s because everyone loves the combination of cost and convenience they offer. He believes that no sacrifice is necessary; just Government policies that can provide him with a solar-powered yacht or jet, or that give individuals low-cost renewable energy on a broad scale. One guest who attended last year s gala said:  It s basically a big party for Leo and his showbusiness friends and models. The models, of course, do not pay for tickets, and neither do the VIP guests   they get to have a nice big free party. Via: Daily Mail",0
20340,PLANNED PARENTHOOD GIVES AWARD To Colorado Abortion Clinic For Killing More Babies Than Previous Year,"I wish I could say I was shocked, but the sad truth is pro-abortion voters are the major reason America has been crippled by Obama for 8 years, and potentially looking at a continuation of his radical policies with a Hillary presidency. To hell with our nation, the abortion industry must be kept alive, no matter the cost Maybe you ve seen those awards given to local businesses for having a certain number of accident free days or hitting certain regional or area sales quotas. here s an award that will take your breath away for a terribly and horrific reason.Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains gave its Aurua abortion clinic an award for increasing the number of babies killed in abortions. The award coincides with the abortion quotes the Planned Parenthood abortion business is implementing on all o its affiliates:From a blog post by Abby Johnson on the award:Ever since I left Planned Parenthood, I have been talking about the abortion quotas that are established inside abortion facilities. Many abortion supporters refused to believe it, citing that surely Planned Parenthood wants abortion to be safe, legal and RARE. If they want something to be RARE, they certainly wouldn t have quotas, right?We recently had a clinic worker leave the affiliate, Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains. This affiliate runs the 2nd largest Planned Parenthood facility in the U.S. At this clinic in Denver, they give out various awards to their satellite clinics and post these awards on a bulletin board for everyone to see.When our former worker saw this award on public display, it really started to change her thinking about Planned Parenthood s motivation. This award was given to their Aurora clinic for  exceeding abortion visits first half of fiscal year 2012 compared to first half of fiscal year 2013. This means that the Aurora Planned Parenthood exceeded the abortion quota that was imposed on them. And THAT is award worthy according to Planned Parenthood.Via: LifeNews ",0
20341,OBAMA FIGHTS TO KEEP RADICAL AGENDA ALIVE: Asks Crooked AG Loretta Lynch To Find Way To Challenge Supreme Court Decision That Blocked His Executive Order Amnesty Scheme,"This is a good reminder of how important it is to prevent Obama from anointing another radical on the Supreme Court. It might also be a good time for every American to call their representatives in Washington. Keeping another radical Obama appointee off our Supreme Court could literally be the only thing standing between a free America and one that looks more like Venezuela. This is also a reminder for anyone in the Republican party who considers themselves part of the  never Trump  movement. The Democrat party has never been more serious about, or closer to, fundamentally changing America forever The Obama administration is looking into whether it can challenge the Supreme Court s decision to block President Barack Obama s plan to spare millions of illegal immigrants from deportation, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Tuesday. We will be reviewing the case and seeing what, if anything else, we need to do in court,  Lynch told Reuters in an interview.Lynch did not say what legal options the Obama administration may pursue following a split decision by the Supreme Court justices last week that left in place a block on the executive action by a lower court.She said any future executive actions Obama may take on immigration would be left to the White House.In a wideranging interview on topics from gun control to the effect of the planned exit of Britain from the European Union, Lynch identified espionage from foreign nationals on U.S. companies as a  tremendous problem. The Federal Bureau of Investigation has reported a 53 percent increase in cases of economic espionage between 2014 and 2015 and the majority of cases involve Chinese nationals as culprits.Most recently, Xu Jiaqiang, 30, was charged with economic espionage and theft of trade secrets, for stealing software source code from his U.S. employer with the intent of benefiting the Chinese government. It is a matter of priority for us,  Lynch said.  When companies or industries are preyed upon by others, be they individuals, be they state actors who literally steal the fruit of their intellectual labors, essentially they are stealing from future generations also.  Via: Yahoo News",0
20342,WHO IS SHANIKA MINOR?…Why Was She On FBI’s 10 Most Wanted List…And Why Wasn’t Her Gruesome Story Splashed All Over The News?,"The media can t seem to get enough of the story of the Texas mother who killed her two daughters and was then shot and killed by local police. Of course, there hasn t been any inquiry into the possible wrongful actions by the law enforcement officer who killed her by the cop-hating Black Lives Matter group. In fact, there wasn t any outcry by the Black Lives Matter rioters when Shanika Minor shot and killed a 23 year old 9 month pregnant mother of two live children, who watched their mother bleed to death in front of them. Why did we have to wait for Shanika Shantel Minor to make it on the FBI s 10 Most Wanted list before the general public was made aware of her gruesome crime? Why? Because black lives really don t matter to the race hustlers, to the media and not even to those outside of the affected community. Blacks killing blacks is just not newsworthy. But watch what happens when a white cop kills a black thug in self-defense. The media just can t get to the scene of the crime fast enough. A woman accused of murder and placed on the FBI s Top 10 Most Wanted list Tuesday was arrested Friday at a motel in Fayetteville.Shanika Shantel Minor was arrested by a Cumberland County sheriff s deputy shortly after 2 a.m. at the Airport Inn on Gillespie Street.She is being held without bail at the Cumberland County Jail until federal agents can escort her to Wisconsin, where she is wanted for murder.Minor, who is 24, allegedly shot a pregnant woman March 6 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, then fled the area, according to the FBI s Milwaukee office. The 23-year-old victim, who was five days away from her due date, died in front of her two children, the FBI said. Her unborn child also died.The FBI said the shooting stemmed from an argument over loud music being played in the victim s home, which was in a duplex also occupied by Minor s mother. Apparently Minor believed that the victim had somehow disrespected her or her mother,  Special Agent Chad Piontek said in a release issued Tuesday by the FBI s Milwaukee Field Office.  It is a fairly violent neighborhood. Unfortunately, there is sometimes a street mentality about solving problems. The day before the fatal shooting, the FBI said, Minor instigated an argument with the neighbor and, brandishing a handgun, challenged her to fight. The FBI said Minor s mother implored her daughter not to hurt the neighbor and Minor drove away after firing a round in the air.Shortly before 3 a.m. the following day, Minor returned to the neighborhood and confronted the neighbor by the rear door of her residence, the FBI said. Minor s mother stood between the women, trying to keep the peace, the FBI said, but Minor reached over her mother s shoulder and fired her gun, striking the neighbor in the chest.The neighbor retreated into her home and died in front of her children, and Minor left, the FBI said. Piontek called the murder  a senseless crime. In placing Minor on the Most Wanted list, the FBI said she should be considered armed and  extremely dangerous. The agency also offered a reward of up to $100,000 for information leading to her capture. Minor was found and arrested in Fayetteville less than three days after the agency s announcement.When it placed her on the list, the FBI said Minor might have contact with people in Missouri, Mississippi, Texas, Tennessee, Ohio and Georgia. North Carolina wasn t among the states listed.According to the Cumberland County Sheriff s Office, someone called the county s emergency communications center at 1:28 a.m. to report that Minor was staying in Room 122 at the Airport Inn. The caller described Minor to aid in identifying her.Deputies responded, confronted the woman in the room and, at 2:08 a.m., determined her identity and took her into custody.Via: Fayobserver",0
20343,MINNESOTA CHURCH Places 1800 “Blessed Ramadan” Signs Around Twin Cities To Make “Muslims Feel More Welcome” [VIDEO],"Here s the truth about the Somali Muslim population in the Twin Cities where these signs are being placed around by a Christian pastor:Minneapolis-St. Paul has what the media refers to as  an ISIS problem. It s no coincidence ISIS is recruiting in the Twin Cities area. There is a huge population of 30,000 Somali Muslims who live there.A recent Business Insider report states there has been a  string of Islamic State-related arrests over roughly the last year  due to the  large Somali community.  Andrew Lugar, U.S. Attorney for Minnesota, speaking at an FBI news conference stated:  To be clear. We have a terror-recruiting problem in Minnesota Parents and loved ones should know that there is not one master recruiter organizing in the Somali community locally the person radicalizing your son, your brother, your friend, may not be a stranger. It may be their best friend right here in town. The deception in the Christian Church is absolutely astounding. Instead of heeding the words of the Apostle John, who aptly said,  every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world,  many have decide to listen to those of the antichrist religion of Islam. Sadly, many have no only listened to engage them, but they have even gone so far as to support them. Such is the case of 17 churches in Minnesota.Designated terror group CAIR (Council on American-Islamic Relations) has supported Christian churches putting up  Blessed Ramadan  signs to promote an alleged unity between Christianity and Islam.Apparently, about 1800 signs were distributed in the Twin Cities and Duluth in order to  help Muslims feel more welcome in the community,  according to a Fox 21 reporter.I have been in St. Paul and Minneapolis. I have seen the Muslim neighborhoods and have heard from some of the people that live in the area around them that there is nothing but death and destruction that surrounds these people. Yet, they are supposed to be made to  feel more welcome in the community  by Christian churches that promote the holidays of a false prophet and antichrist? I just don t understand that.According to the report, the  Blessed Ramadan  signs are supposed to show support to Muslims who have recently been targeted after negativity stemming from the Orlando shooting.Rector Bill van Oss of St. Paul s Church says that the signs were put out with the goal to  find the common ground that we have as believers in god  to work toward a country and a world of justice and peace for all people. Watch here:Well, doesn t that sounds all euphoric and filled with happy unicorns? The fact of the matter is that Christians and Muslims are diametrically opposed to the person, work and nature of the Creator. Christians see that God has revealed Himself as one God, yet in three distinct persons, the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. The Muslim only see God as both one person and one god. Therefore, while they will acknowledge Jesus Christ as a prophet, they will neither heed His words nor acknowledge his virgin birth and divinity.So, No Mr. Bill, these signs are not what you claim they are. They are capitulation on your part and the part of your professed Christian neighbors and parishioners to not feel uncomfortable with confronting Muslims with the false antichrist teachings of Muhammad and the Koran and calling them to repentance to the Law of God and the Lord Jesus Christ. Via: Freedom Outpost",0
20344,BREAKING RAMADAN UPDATE: OBAMA’S “Not Islamic” JV Team Yells “Allahu Akbar”…Takes 20 “Foreigners” Hostage In Bangladesh Restaurant [VIDEO],"Isn t  Alluha Akbar  Islamic? I m pretty sure these cowards aren t Christians. Obama will still try to convince the world these nine armed terrorists have no affiliation with the religion of peace. All kidding aside, please pray for the innocent people who are trapped inside this restaurant by these Islamic monsters DEVELOPING: A group of up to nine attackers set off bombs and took hostages while shouting  Allahu Akbar  inside a restaurant frequented by both locals and foreigners in a diplomatic zone in Bangladesh s capital, local media reported Friday.ISIS  Amaq News Agency later reported that ISIS fighters carried out the attack.Bangladesh TV stations reported that the attackers entered the Holey Artisan Bakery in Dhaka s Gulshan area around 9:20 p.m. Friday and were holding customers and staff hostage.The exact number of hostages was not known. While some reports said there could be up to 60, others put the figure lower.The TV reports said the identities of the attackers were not immediately known.The U.S. State Department said all Americans working at the U.S. mission in the area had been accounted for, according to Reuters. We have accounted for all Americans working for the chiefof mission authority  in Dhaka, John Kirby, a State Department spokesman said. He called the situation  fluid. The reports say a huge contingent of security guards cordoned off the area and the restaurant as they traded gunfire with the attackers who set off explosions.Jamuna Television reported, quoting a kitchen staff worker at the restaurant who escaped the attack, said that the gunmen chanted  Allahu Akbar  as they launched the attack.Sumon Reza, the worker, told The Daily Star that several armed men entered the restaurant and took hostages. They blasted several crude bombs, causing wide-scale panic among everyone. Benazir Ahmed, director general of the elite anti-crime force Rapid Action Battalion or RAB, told reporters that security forces were working to save the lives of the people trapped inside. Several foreigners are believed to be among the hostages. Some derailed youths have entered the restaurant and launched the attack. We have talked to some of the people who fled the restaurant after the attack. We want to resolve this peacefully. We are trying to talk to the attackers, we want to listen to them about what they want,  Ahmed said. Via: FOX News",0
20345,"LIBERAL HUFFINGTON POST HEADLINE: “Man, Bill Clinton Is An Idiot”…Is Bill Intentionally Trying To Put Hillary Behind Bars?","Is it possible that Bill s latest move could ve just sealed Hillary s fate? It actually makes perfect sense. Bill and Hillary Clinton have spent their entire lives trying to figure out how to game the system. Is it possible that Bill has actually  one-upped  Hillary this time, putting the kibosh on her political aspirations, leaving him with millions from her Wall Street speeches and their home in Chappaqua, New York; minus his cantankerous, scheming,  lying, screeching and (according to former secret service agents) sometimes violent wife?Back in April, Slate s Michelle Goldberg offered the Hillary Clinton campaign some sage advice:  Fire Bill Clinton. The Clinton campaign declined to take her suggestion, but perhaps they should give it another look.Bill Clinton is one of the most talented politicians of the past century, but his infallible skills continue to fail him when put in the service of someone other than himself.On Monday, Clinton was on a tarmac in Phoenix when he learned that the attorney general, Loretta Lynch, would soon be on the same tarmac. He delayed his flight so he could try to meet with her. He asked for a meeting, boarded her plane and chatted for about 30 minutes.On Friday, MSNBC s Jonathan Capehart asked Lynch if there was one important thing she wished former Attorney General Eric Holder had told her.  Where the lock on the plane door was,  Lynch deadpanned.(Meanwhile, Republicans are calling for an independent prosecutor, which is rich: there isn t enough time to confirm a Supreme Court justice, but plenty of time for Ken Starr to ride into town again.)On its face, it was wrong to do, and Democrats would be savaging Republicans if the situation were reversed. It raises one of two possibilities: Either Bill Clinton is an idiot or he wants his wife to lose. I wonder if there s a part of Bill Clinton that doesn t really want Hillary Clinton to become president, particularly if she has to distance herself from his legacy to do so,  wondered Goldberg back in April, listing a bill of idiotic particulars.  How else to explain why one of the world s most talented and agile politicians is so consistently flat-footed and destructive when advocating on his wife s behalf? The fallout from the meeting was predictable: Lynch has said she regrets sitting down with Clinton and wouldn t do it again, given a do-over. And she has said that she will not overrule career prosecutors if they recommend an indictment. Whatever decision the Justice Department ends up making is now clouded in (even more) suspicion.And perhaps the greatest damage was done to Lynch. It must be awfully difficult to turn down a meeting request from a former president, the spouse of the likely future president, especially for somebody who may have future political ambitions. Did Lynch have aspirations for the Supreme Court? If so, what Clinton just did casts a pall over whatever chance she had.Via:  Huffington Post",0
20346,OBAMA’S GAL PAL Loretta Lynch WON’T RECUSE HERSELF From Crooked Hillary’s Criminal Investigation…Despite Private Meeting With Hillary’s IMPEACHED Husband,"Reasonable Americans expected never expected unbiased justice to be served by Eric Holder in a skirt Friday on MSNBC s  Morning Joe,  Bloomberg Politics Mark Halperin cited a  senior Justice Department official  who said Attorney General Loretta Lynch will not recuse herself from the investigation into presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton use of a private email while secretary of state. Critics have called on Lynch to do so after holding a private meeting with her husband former President Bill Clinton earlier this week.Halperin also said the source does not anticipate Lynch will admit the meeting was a mistake.JUST IN   @MarkHalperin: Sr. Justice Dept. official   This was the Atty. General's intention all along https://t.co/ws9klpXEeM  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) July 1, 2016 This is a senior Justice Department official who is playing down that this is anything new,  Halperin said.  Says this was the attorney general s intention all along to let the career people decide. Quote,  She is not recusing herself. She is not stepping aside and does not expect that the attorney general will say it was a mistake to meet with Bill Clinton privately for 20 or 30 minutes.   BreitbartMeanwhile, the Washington Post reports Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch will support the recommendations from prosecutors and others leading probes into the use of a private email server by Hillary Clinton during her time as secretary of state, a Justice Department official said.Lynch s statement   expected later Friday during a gathering in Colorado   underscores the intense sensitivity surrounding the FBI and Justice investigations into the past use of an exclusive email server by the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee.By promising to abide by the recommendations, Lynch would directly address worries by Clinton critics and others that she   as an Obama administration appointee   could ultimately overrule the investigators.Her expected statement reflects an apparent desire to reinforce a by-the-book approach to the Clinton case, which has already played a dominant role in Republican attacks on the campaign trail.Lynch planned to make the comments later Friday during an appearance with Washington Post editorial writer Jonathan Capehart at the Aspen Ideas Festival in Colorado.",0
20347,RINO MITCH McCONNELL Praises Hillary Day After Benghazi Hearing…Says He Could Work With Her As President,"Is there a law against waterboarding Republican Senators who continue to be re-elected even though it s pretty clear they should be running on the Democrat ticket Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) praised former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Wednesday   the day after the House Select Committee on Benghazi issued its final report.  She s an intelligent and capable person, no question about it,  McConnell told Time Warner Cable News, adding that he had worked well with her in the Senate and would be able to work with her as president.The Benghazi report details a pattern of incompetence, negligence, and dishonesty by Clinton and her associates. She failed to provide adequate security for U.S. diplomats in Benghazi; failed to take action to save U.S. personnel under attack on Sep. 11, 2012; and then falsely blamed an anti-Islamic YouTube video for inciting a protest that supposedly led to the attack.In addition, the Benghazi investigation uncovered the existence of Clinton s private email server, which violated State Department policies and may also have broken laws regarding the handling of classified information. Clinton seems to have used the server to evade Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, possibly in connection with fundraising for her family s private foundation while in office, including solicitations from foreign donors and governments. She has misled the public repeatedly about the email server, claiming falsely that she did not share classified information and that she had turned over all work-related emails to the government.Yet McConnell did not rule Clinton out. Instead, he said her presumptive Republican opponent, Donald Trump, had not yet proven himself qualified:Sen. Mitch McConnell:  Trump clearly needs to change, in my opinion, to win the general election. What I ve said to him both publicly and privately:  You re a great entertainer. You turn on audiences. You re good before a crowd. You have a lot of Twitter followers. That worked fine for you in the primaries. But now that you are in the general, people are looking for a level of seriousness that is typically conveyed by having a prepared text and Teleprompter and staying on message.  So my hope is that he is beginning to pivot and become what I would call a more serious and credible candidate for the highest office in the land. Geoff Bennett:  At the moment, though, I hear you saying he does not meet that threshold of credibility? McConnell:  He s getting closer. Getting closer. Via: Breitbart ",0
20348,Gwenyth Paltrow Can’t Understand Why She Was Named “MOST HATED CELEBRITY”,"Obama drone Gwyneth Paltrow can t understand why she was once named the world s  Most Hated Celebrity  by a magazine. In a recent interview on the BBC show HardTalk at the Cannes Lions festival, the 43-year-old actress and Goop lifestyle guru told host Stephen Sackur that she had a hard time believing she had earned that title from Star magazine in 2013. First of all, I was like,  I m the most hated celebrity?  Paltrow asked with a chuckle.  More than, like, Chris Brown? What did I do? All I can do is be my authentic self,  the Avengers star told Sackur.  But I think there are things about me that make people draw conclusions. For example, there is the perception that I grew up very wealthy and that I was given, you know  that I was sort of raised with a silver spoon in my mouth, which inspires a lot of resentment. Paltrow added that while it is true that she attended an elite prep school in Manhattan, her father, Hollywood producer Bruce Paltrow,  never gave me anything  after graduation. I never had any supplementation, he never helped me with my rent, I never had a trust fund,  the actress said.  So the idea that I am spoiled or that I didn t work for what I have, that s just not accurate. But I can see how somebody might have that perception. Paltrow has repeatedly defended her status as a self-made woman in recent months. In February, the actress told Glamour magazine that she had  never taken a dime  from her parents.But while that may be true, Paltrow is, of course, the daughter of Bruce Paltrow and famed Hollywood actress Blythe Danner. In fact, a teenaged Paltrow got her first acting role in the 1989 television movie High, produced by her famous father. And the actress likely picked up some acting tips from her mother, who has more than 100 screen credits to her name. Paltrow told Harper s Bazaar last year that she was inspired to get into acting after watching Danner s successful career.As for why she was once named  Most Hated Celebrity,  Paltrow could be said to present a somewhat different version of herself than she perhaps realizes.The actress once said that she feels  incredibly close to the common woman.  But Paltrow s lifestyle website, Goop, frequently feels aimed at exactly the opposite of the  common woman. The publication s holiday gift guides regularly features items that are out of reach financially for regular women, including $46,000 board games and $12,000 vases (not to mention a $15,000 24k gold vibrator featured in the website s first-ever  Sex Issue ).And common women don t really drink $200 smoothies (with extra  moon dust  to boost sex drive), host President Obama in their backyards or steam-clean their genitals to get an  energetic release. Paltrow was also roundly mocked last year for pledging to live on $29 worth of food stamps for one week, only to quit four days in to the challenge.We have a few ideas Maybe it was the time Gwenyth held a fundraiser at her home for Barack Obama to help him win a second term?Who could forget when  the most hated celebrity  told Obama  You re so handsome, I can t speak properly. And then there s her support for the most corrupt person to ever run for the office of President of the United States, Crooked Hillary:Whatever the reasoning behind the dubious honor, Paltrow likely doesn t mind all that much. The actress told Glamour that she  very rarely  lets negative criticism get to her head. I don t lose sleep over it,  she told the magazine of her critics.  It s my business to live my life and learn my lessons. I don t care what anybody else thinks.  Via: Breitbart News",0
20349,NOT FUNNY! What These “MORONS” Did For Crooked Hillary Should FRIGHTEN Every American [VIDEO],"It s easy to see why there are so many Americans who would rather keep their heads firmly buried in the sand than know the truth about how inept our government officials really are Hillary Clinton is facing damaging new revelations about the lax security surrounding her emails.Watch Hillary try to make voters believe she is a  victim  in this insane security risk she has subjected our entire nation to:A Daily Mail Online investigation has found that a second firm   hired to store a back-up of Clinton s secret server   was so lax in its security employees failed to change passwords frequently and left computers logged in, unattended for extended periods and its own clients stumbled upon other clients data.Datto Inc, the company in question, was hired to store Hillary s emails by Platte River, the mom-and-pop company contracted to maintain her  homebrew  email system.Speaking exclusively to Daily Mail Online on condition of anonymity, one former employee at Datto, said the company was woefully exposed to being hacked. If you re talking about high-level data security, at the political, presidential level, the security level of data [at Datto] hired by Platte River, was nowhere near something that could have been protected from a good hacker that knows how to spread out their points at which to infiltrate,  he said.The emails emails, 30,000 of which Clinton deleted, are now part of an FBI investigation into her handling of classified material while she was Secretary of State.A total of 22 have been deemed to contain top secret material   out of 2,075 found to contain classified material   and questions have mounted about whether her account was successfully hacked, which the Clinton campaign claims did not happen.The existence of the emails only came to light because of a House investigation into the deaths of four American in an Islamist attack on the mission in Benghazi, Libya, on September 11 2012.The probe concluded this week with an excoriating report by the majority Republican members of the committee, who accused her of  shameful  conduct with her secret email account.Clinton dismissed the report, saying it was time to  move on  and went to California to launch her policies on the tech industry.But now it can be disclosed that Datto Inc is accused of major security failings by people who worked for it and also those who used its services.The failings included allegations that security was so lax that customers warned the firm they had stumbled on other clients  data; that in 2010, the company s internal servers were hacked; and that staff were not required to regularly change passwords, seen as a basic requirement for keeping systems secure.Staff computers   which had access to servers holding confidential client information   were left logged in while unoccupied for extended periods of time, whistleblowers said.And Datto headquarters were easily accessible and had no security guards on their floor, while employees opened and held doors open for others which should only have been accessible with a security pass.A longtime Datto partner, Marc Tamarin, told Daily Mail Online:  Those guys were really morons. They weren t qualified to handle our back-up and that was the biggest concern for us. The former employee speaking exclusively to Daily Mail Online on condition of anonymity, spent three years at Datto, and said the company was woefully exposed to being hacked. It s not something that Datto was focused on. It was more about getting the data off-site quickly and cost-effectively than securing the data and keeping it from being hacked. There s no doubt in my mind that someone could easily hack them   even today. Datto was named last October as the second data storage company to be investigated by the FBI over what threat Clinton s server posed to national security.One of the Datto insiders told Daily Mail Online that around 2010, the startup had its internal network hacked, leading to the authorities being called. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20350,OBAMA ATTEMPTS TO ENERGIZE Zombie Democrat Base By Reminding Them He Used To Hate Hillary Too,"If the Democrat voters don t care if they re voting for a woman who is under criminal investigation after putting our national security at risk, or that she will bring her husband, a serial sexual assaulter who was previously impeached after lying about having sex with an intern in our White House, why would they care if Obama once despised her? Concerned that Hillary Clinton is still struggling to generate excitement, President Barack Obama is preparing to campaign for her by reminding voters there was a time he didn t like her so much, but he came around   and they should too.That s the only way, Obama and aides working with him think, that she ll have the positive mandate she ll need to govern. Winning the White House by just not being Trump won t help win House and Senate races, and it won t give her the support she needs if and when she s the new president, trying to keep the public and Congress behind her agenda.Watch Bob Hope give a brilliant description of Democrats here: You want people to feel as passionate about Hillary Clinton being president as they do about stopping Donald Trump. If this isn t a close race, it s still going to matter a great deal for her presidency,  said David Plouffe, Obama s 2008 campaign manager and now an outside political adviser to both the president and the campaign.  That s one place where we need to see some improvement, on the intensity side of the Clinton question.  That imperative will define Obama s message when he hits the trail for his rescheduled joint rally with Clinton, which will take place in Charlotte, North Carolina, on July 5. He can make the case as the highest profile convert to be her supporter,  said White House communications director Jen Psaki. Via: Politico",0
20351,"ANTI-JIHAD WARRIOR Pamela Gellar STRIKES BACK HARD After London’s Muslim Mayor Bans Ads With Bikini Clad Women, Allows “Allah Is Greater” Ad To Remain","Pamela Gellar is a badass warrior who has a knack for exposing the truth about the  tolerance  of followers of Islam After the Muslim mayor banned advertisements on buses and subways of bikini-clad women, what could be more appropriate (or needed) then our new ad campaign?We are running on taxis because the sharia-compliant London transit authority refused to run them on buses, even though they are running an Allah is Greater ad campaign:Anti-jihad Pam[ela] Geller takes over London in BIG way that is  bloody expensive    starting with 100 taxis June 26, 2016 | Tom Tillison | BizPac Review (thanks to Christian):Anti-jihad activist Pamela Geller announced a new ad campaign that will be kicking off in London on Monday that is sure to get plenty of attention.The ads will appear on 100 London taxis and will feature quotes from Muhammad.Geller, who co-founded the American Freedom Defense Initiative in an effort battle radical Islam in the United States, announced the ad campaign last week on the group s website. Despite the overwhelming push-back and danger, we continue to fight on fiercely,  she wrote.  The war is in the homeland, and it s only just begun. And the fight is not cheap, Geller explained. London buses refused our ads, despite running Islamic prayers on their bus-sides. So we are putting our ads on 100 London taxis  . they go up this week, but it s bloody expensive,  Geller wrote.Here s an example of one of the quotes:Geller is behind last year s  Draw Muhammad  contest in Garland, Texas, that ended with police killing two armed jihadists trying to storm the building.And she continues the fight against radical Islam.In addition to the controversial new ad campaign, Geller said that they also have a film crew in Europe working on a documentary.If you re interested in supporting Gellar s ad campaign you can donate HERE. The film title,  Can t We Talk About This?,  is taken from Theo Van Gogh s last words before a Muslim beheaded him in broad daylight on a street in Amsterdam,  she said.Van Gogh was a Dutch film director killed in 2004 by a Muslim extremist.Via: Pamela Gellar ",0
20352,BOOM! BUSINESS OWNER Uses Sign To Compare Legacies Of President Kennedy And Obama…And It’s Hilarious,"There are too many differences between President John F. Kennedy and Barack Hussein Obama to count. This business owner however, does a brilliant job of pointing out the legacies these two Democrat Presidents will leave behind ",0
20353,FULL-FRONTAL ASSAULT ON CENSORSHIP: CANADA’S Post Office Refuses To Deliver Satirical Newspaper Because It’s “Offensive”,"The death of free speech seems to be catching fire around the world. The Left is winning the propaganda war, but the Right is beating them at the polls. Lets hope the trend continues through our elections in November TORONTO   Canada s post office says it will no longer deliver a Toronto-area newspaper described as openly anti-Semitic. Canadians who value free speech   and let s hope that is all of us   should be deeply troubled by Ottawa s decision to tell Canada Post to stop carrying a fringe Toronto newspaper.Those who have campaigned against the free paper are  ecstatic.  But consider the awful precedent this act of postal censorship sets.If people who are offended by something that appears in their mailbox can complain and get it banned from the post, where does it stop? Can a pro-choice feminist block the graphic pro-life pamphlet that comes in the mail? Can a fierce pro-lifer ban a flier from an abortion clinic? Or consider the feelings of the victim of East European communism who gets a Marxist tract in the mail? Why should an agency of the government that her taxes support be allowed to introduce that propaganda into her home?This is the trouble with just about all limits on free speech. Who says what is beyond the pale? Deciding to block child pornography or open incitement to violence is easy enough, because of the direct physical harm they can be shown to cause. After that, it gets tricky.Someone must have the power to determine what is dangerous or odious speech and what is merely passionate expression. It is always a matter of opinion. The line is impossible to draw, the scope for abuse endless.Even in democratic countries, authorities have often succumbed to the impulse to black out what they don t like. Communist propaganda was blocked on the grounds that it threatened national security, erotica on the grounds that it undermined public morals. The postal system was once one of the main agents of censorship. A century ago, postal censors blocked mailed instalments of James Joyce s Ulysses.Your Ward News is not Ulysses. Its editor, James Sears, who has been known to style himself as Dimitri the Lover, told City News that Hitler is his second-biggest idol, after Jesus. He ends his e-mails  Expel the Parasite!    all in capital letters, of course. The group that has been fighting him calls his publication a  neo-Nazi-rag  that  has been permitted to disseminate racism, homophobia, misogyny and anti-Semitism to as many as 300,000 homes in Toronto. If so, there are a couple of ways to fight back short of censorship. One is simply to toss Your Ward News where it belongs: in the recycling bin. Nobody is forced to read it when it comes in the mail. People like Mr. Sears thrive on the oxygen of attention. Ignoring him is the best revenge.Another is to argue back. If his opponents feel his maunderings are too despicable to pass over, they can always denounce or refute him. It is always better to fight speech with speech than to gag the speaker.It is a good time to remember these old lessons about how to handle troublesome speech. Free expression is always under attack to some degree, and the danger seems especially acute today. The little tussle over Your Ward News is part of a wider struggle. Via: Toronto s News ",0
20354,HUSBAND OF PRESIDENTIAL Candidate Under CRIMINAL Investigation Has Secret Meeting On Taxpayer Funded Plane With Obama’s Crooked AG [VIDEO],"Nothing to see here no conflict of interest. How can anyone wonder why Americans have completely lost their ability to trust our corrupt government?So the Attorney General of the United States just happened to run into the former president of the United States who just so happens to be married to a woman running for president, who just happens to be under federal investigation and they just happened to have a 30 minute meeting aboard a government owned airplane and we re to believe that all they talked about was their grandchildren?  GPWhy Did Bill Clinton And Loretta Lynch Meet On Her Airplane In Phoenix This Week?Attorney General Loretta Lynch met with former President Bill Clinton for a half-hour on her government airplane at the Phoenix airport on Tuesday, an Arizona news station is reporting.The unannounced meeting, which comes as Lynch s Justice Department is investigating the handling of classified information on Hillary Clinton s private email server, came to light only when Phoenix s ABC15 TV station asked Lynch about it during a press conference.The Obama appointee told the TV station that she and Clinton did not discuss the investigation or any other government business. Instead, she says they talked about Clinton s grandchildren and golf.Here s the video from ABC 15:Via: Daily Caller",0
20355,BUSTED! MEDIA Caught Red-Handed Trying To Demoralize Trump Supporters With Phony Polls,"In their desire to push Hillary Clinton across the finish line, the mainstream media and RINO pundits continue to ignore that one little important factoid; like the massive turnout for Trump in almost every state during the primaries. They also intentionally ignore the parallels between Ronald Reagan and Donald J. Trump going into the general election. Most Americans however, are unaware of the tricks our media plays so it s up to us to make sure we share these facts and inform friends, family, neighbors and co-workers about the truth. A new Reuters poll has many Republicans worried about the outcome of the 2016 presidential race and many on the Democratic side ready to pop the champaign corks.The poll shows presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton leading by a shocking 14 percent over her Republican rival Donald Trump: 47 percent to 33 percent.Unfortunately there s one problem with the poll. It is heavily skewed.The Gateway Pundit reports that of Reuters  1,201 respondents, 626 were Democrats and only 423 were Republicans.In other words, 52 percent of Reuter s respondents were Democrats and only 35 percent were Republican a huge 33% advantage for Democrats!According to AllenBWest.com, Reuters isn t the only misleading presidential poll. A new ABC News/ Washington Post survey found voters preferred Hillary 51 percent to 39 percent. In that sample, 36 percent of respondents were Democrats and only 24 percent were Republicans.The skewed polls are made less believable by the fact that Republican turnout in 2016 is likely to be higher than in previous years. As NPR noted in March, Republicans far outstripped Democrats in primary turnout, due in part to the insurgent nature of the Donald Trump candidacy.  Hannity.comIt s not just the leftist media who is beating the drum of doom for Trump, while (falsely) pushing the narrative that he can t beat Crooked Hillary in the general election.  FLASHBACK: You hear the establishment types talk about it nearly every day on the FOX News Channel.For his part, Donald Trump says he has not  even started  on Hillary Clinton.The elites also worried about Ronald Reagan s chances back in March 1980. Ronald Reagan was down 15 points in the polls in March. Here is the map showing how many states he won in the general election compared to Jimmy Carter who was polling at 15 points ahead of Trump:The CSMonitor reported, via Free Republic:The nation s Republicans are working against the clock to answer two key questions: Can conservative Ronald Reagan possibly attract enough independent and Democratic votes to win in November?An if he is likely to lose, has former President Gerald Ford time enough to challenge him for the GOP nomination?The consensus among political experts is that time has probably already run out for Gerald Ford, though he still appears the stronger choice to beat Jimmy Carter in November.But some experts caution: Don t count Ronald Reagan out as a national candidate for the fall. He is not, they say,  a McGovern or a Goldwater    fringe candidates who led their parties to one-sided defeats in 1972 and 1964. Intellectuals don t want to take him seriously, but he does well with working-class voters. He would take the West, challenge President Carter in the South, and do well in the pivotal Midwest states like Ohio and Illinois, whose southern regions titled toward Carter in 1976, they say.Back in March 1980 the establishment the establishment said the same thing about Ronald Reagan.They said he could never defeat Jimmy Carter.He was too divisive.  Gateway PunditHere are a few inconvenient facts you won t see in the mainstream media:The Republican Party started the year with 17 bona fide candidates for President. This was more candidates than any major party in history.Trump has more wins than any other Republican or Democrat candidate in this year s race with 36. He also has more primary wins with 33 and leads all candidates in percent of overall wins and in percent of primary wins.Trump surpassed the number of delegates needed to win the Republican nomination for President a couple weeks ago.This may be more delegates than any other Republican candidate and a higher percentage of delegates than any Republican or Democrat candidate in the race.Trump received 13,406,108 votes to date in the elections according to www.thegreenpapers.com.As a result Trump has more votes than any candidate in Republican history.Trump shattered the previous record by 1.4 million votes   and that was with 17 candidates in the raceGeorge W. Bush had 12 million votes in 2000. The Republican Party also set a party record this year in pre-convention state election turnout with over 28 million votes to date which is 139% of the record high voter turnout in 2008. This increase in votes can be attributed to Donald Trump.Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
20356,Will Americans Free Themselves From The Slavery Of The Democrat Party…Or Will We Wait Until It’s Too Late? WATCH: “The Peasants Are Revolting”,"Our good friend Joe Dan Gorman has done it again! He s put together an awesome video that explains the Brexit and the parallels between the UK s exit from the EU and our Independence from Britain. Sit back and enjoy Joe Dan s one-of-a-kind humor, as he puts the state of our political mayhem in perspective like only Joe Dan can Via: INTELLECTUAL FROGLEGSIntellectual Froglegs is 100% funded by viewer donations. Please click HERE to donate. ",0
20357,BOOM! THUG Who Lit Baltimore CVS On Fire…Wreaked Havoc On City…Gets SHOCKING Sentence [VIDEO],"It s long overdue but this domestic terrorist THUG just got the justice he deserved As TRN reported in April 2015, rioters in Baltimore looted and burned dozens of buildings, including a nursing home, and set cop cars on fire   while then-Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she gave rioters  space to destroy. Baltimore has spent an estimated $30 million to clean up the city in the aftermath of destruction.hey whats up tomorrow is the anniversary of the baltimore riots pic.twitter.com/O2nBEDnImK  ripley soprano (@hardthemme) April 28, 2016But most businesses that were looted never saw their perpetrators brought to justice.Until now.CBS Baltimore reported that:Prosecutors say 20-year-old Donta Betts was one of the key players in the Freddie Gray riots, looting, starting fires and even attacking police.Feds say Donta Betts was one of key people involved in 2015 riots. Betts sentenced to 15 yrs in prison @cbsbaltimore pic.twitter.com/XealNtt2G2  Rick Ritter (@RickRitterWJZ) June 25, 2016 Donta Betts was a menace to society here in Baltimore. The scope of the criminal activity he was involved in is really breathtaking,  said Rod Rosenstein, U.S. Attorney.In April of 2015   just days after the death of Freddie Gray   Baltimore erupted with riots, looting and a clash with officers. Federal prosecutors say surveillance video and pictures captured Betts in the middle of the mayhem.When asked about why he did it, Betts said: That was my period to go wild on the police. Betts won t get out of prison until he s 35. During his 15-year sentence he is not eligible for parole or probation. Via: TRN",0
20358,SHOCKING PHYSICAL ABUSE REVEALED: Former Secret Service Agent Says Agents Faced Predicament About How To Protect Bill From Physical Violence By Hillary [VIDEO],"Trump was 100% correct when he said,  Hillary doesn t have the temperament to become President. Gary Byrne, author of  Crisis Of Character  tells Sean Hannity about the unusual position Hillary put the Secret Service in by having to protect Bill from Hillary s violent behavior. He also spills the beans about the phony front Hillary puts on for the cameras.WATCH his shocking story here:",0
20359,BREAKING: Benghazi Report Shows State Department Withheld Weapons To Agents Because They Were Not “Aesthetically Pleasing”,"Newsflash Hillary WAR is not aesthetically pleasing! Is this the kind of President America would like to have making decisions that impact our national security? If she took away the ability for these 4 brave men to defend themselves, how does anyone honestly believe she is capable of acting as our Commander In Chief?House Republicans released their final report on the Benghazi terrorist attacks Tuesday morning. The report concludes what we already knew. that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton DID NOTHING to save US lives in Benghazi on September 11, 2012.FOX News reported on Tuesday the State Department withheld the requested weapons from agents on the ground because they were not  aesthetically pleasing. Adam Housley: When we talk about those with reactions I spoke with including one special agent who was on the ground that night who says to me in Benghazi, quote,   the report continues to show how ridiculous the STate Department makes it to give support to a special agent on the ground when he says he needs support. There were about 10 of us who continually asked for more weapons and more security in Benghazi and were routinely denied.  And we reported on that because the State Department told him it wasn t aesthetically pleasing to have a belt-fed machine gun, for example.WATCH:Via: Gateway Pundit",0
20360,"LONDON’S MUSLIM MAYOR DEMANDS MORE POWER: “On behalf of all Londoners, I am demanding more autonomy for the capital – right now”","This is the same Muslim mayor who recently banned  sexy women  from advertisements in London Sadiq Khan today called for London to  take back control  of its own destiny in the aftermath of the EU referendum.The Mayor issued a demand for more tax-raising powers  right now  as well as far-reaching command of public services.His devolution wish-list stopped short of calling for London, the only English region to vote to stay within the EU, as a city-state.But he stressed the extra powers would be necessary to protect the capital s economy, jobs and prosperity from the uncertainty of Brexit ahead.They include greater financial autonomy, as well as wide-ranging control over business and skills, housing and planning, transport, health and criminal justice.It comes as a petition calling on the Mayor to declare London independent hit more than 170,000 signatures in just three days. Via: Evening Standard Sadiq Khan today urged Londoners to  stand guard  against hate crime following Britain s decision to withdraw from the European Union.The Mayor joined Metropolitan Police Commissioner Bernard Hogan-Howe to warn there would be a  zero tolerance  approach to xenophobic attacks.City Hall aides said Mr Khan was  very concerned  about reports of racial tension after the Brexit vote highlighted disagreements about immigration.",0
20361,WATCH TREY GOWDY Crush The Lying Media During Benghazi Report Press Conference [Video],This is awesome! I watched the entire press conference and Gowdy just nails the lame stream media! ,0
20362,FACE BOOK’S “Open-Borders” MARK ZUCKERBERG Builds “Oppressive” “Immense” Wall Around Hawaii Home,"Breitbart News published a story about our 100 Percent FED Up Facebook page being hidden from the Facebook news feed after we began posting several stories a day on the topic of illegal immigration. After an investigation into our page settings by a Facebook employee, he discovered a  core function  was missing from our settings. The function that was missing from our page settings is what allows our page to be seen by a specific audience (or not at all). It s really quite ironic that the guy who s been doing everything in his power to make illegal alien a dirty word on Facebook, would build a massive wall around his Hawaiian domicile wouldn t you agree?For years, Kilauea, Kauai resident Gy Hall has enjoyed the view of the ocean and the breeze along Koolau Road. Then, a few weeks ago, a crew started to build a wall which happens to belong to Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg. The feeling of it is really oppressive. It s immense,  Hall said.  It s really sad that somebody would come in, and buy a huge piece of land and the first thing they do is cut off this view that s been available and appreciative by the community here for years. Hall said the wall extends along Koolau Road, near mile marker 20, and is about six-feet tall. He said its projected length and completion are unclear.Multiple attempts by TGI to contact Shawn Smith, former Falk Partners manager, who Hall says sold some of the $200 million, 700-plus-acre property to the billionaire, were unsuccessful Friday Shosana Chantara, a Kilauea resident, voiced her concerns about the breeze that s being obstructed. It s hot behind that wall. Because it s up on a berm, there s not a breath of air on this side from the ocean,  Chantara said.  You take a solid wall that s 10 or more feet above the road level; the breeze can t go through. Another Kilauea resident, Donna Macmillan, calls the wall a  monstrosity.  Via: Independent Sentinel",0
20363,IRON FISTED SOCIAL ENGINEERING: D.C. Threatens Fines For Anyone Who Improperly Addresses Transgenders,"Following a leftist agenda is no longer optional. Follow their rules or be subject to fines The guide states,  The District uses the probable cause standard in determining whether the above constitute harassment or a hostile work environment. Stephanie Franklin, OHR s interim director of policy and communications, confirmed in an email that  Any workplace environment in DC private businesses included  in which supervisors or co-workers deliberately misuse a person s preferred name or pronoun may be considered unlawful harassment and/or a hostile work environment according to DC law. The  best practices  guide featues a chart on  gender and gender-neutral pronouns  that includes the gender-neutral pronoun  ze.  The chart includes example phrases using the gender-neutral pronoun, such as  Ze smiled,   I met zir,   Zir bike  and  Ze is zirself. Regardless of the legal name and gender, employers should use an employee s desired name and pronouns when communicating with them, and when talking about them to third parties,  the guide states.The guide says,  The employer must ensure employees respect and use a transgender employee s preferred names and pronouns, as repeated failure to do so can be considered harassment, and can cause severe distress to a transgender employee. The guide also make clear that employees should be allowed to use the bathroom in which they re most comfortable . Transgender employees should at all times be able to use the restroom and other gender-segregated facilities (such as locker rooms) that they are most comfortable with,  the guide states.In the 2015 fiscal year, 307 discrimination complaints (including race, gender and disability complaints) ended in settlements via the mediation process. In 2015, the annual report states,  more than $3.69 million was awarded in settlements during successful mediations, a 74 percent increase over [the 2014 fiscal year].  That averages out to more than $12,000 per settlement. According to non-profit organization Workplace Fairness, D.C. s anti-discrimination protections are  broader than federal law because you may prove your case by showing that your employer acted wholly or partially for discriminatory reasons, and because you can bring an individual claim against your supervisor for  aiding and abetting  discrimination.  Via: Daily Caller ",0
20364,BARACK OBAMA SHOWS HE’S SERIOUS About Fighting Terrorism…Releases Osama Bin Laden’s Bodyguard From Gitmo,"Obama doing what Obama does best putting radical Muslims who are a serious threat to our national security back on the battlefield against America The Obama administration has released from the Guantanamo Bay prison an al Qaeda terrorist who served as terror mastermind Osama Bin Laden s personal bodyguard, according to an announcement by the Defense Department.Abdel Malik Ahmed Abdel Wahab Al Rahabi, a top terror operative who had planned to participate in the 9/11 attacks and who received training to be a suicide bomber, was freed from Gitmo and transferred to Montenegro.Al Rahabi is just the latest accused terrorist to be released from prison by the Obama administration as it pursues an end-of-administration effort to clear out Gitmo and shut it down.The release was condemned by some in Congress who have opposed the administration s efforts to shutter Gitmo. The administration is playing Russian roulette with America s safety by releasing 9/11-plotter Abdel Malik Ahmed Abdel Wahab Al Rahabi from Gitmo,  Sen. Mark Kirk (R., Ill.) said in a statement.  Rehab s transfer abroad is all the more alarming after terrorist Ibrahim al-Qosi resurfaced in December 2015 in the Arabian Peninsula as the top recruiter for al Qaeda after being transferred from Gitmo to Sudan.  Via: WFB",0
20365,"BOOM! TED CRUZ Will Conduct Hearing TODAY: Focusing On Muslim Brotherhood, CAIR And Obama Regime’s Cover-ups, “WILLFUL BLINDNESS” To Radical Islam","Ted Cruz has no interest in playing  Mr Nice Guy  with Obama or his willing accomplices in the FBI, DHS or his DOJ It s been over a week since the largest terror attack on American soil in 15 years, yet nobody in Congress has successfully steered the discussion to the actual source of our perilous security situation. The Obama administration is covering up all connections of the Orlando shooter to known Islamic terrorists with the help of the Muslim Brotherhood advising DHS and the FBI. Yet, all Republicans and Democrats want to discuss is guns. That is about to change.On Tuesday, June 28, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), who chairs the Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, will conduct a hearing investigating the willful blindness on the part of the relevant law enforcement agencies to domestic Islamic terror networks. The subject of the hearing is  Willful Blindness: Consequences of Agency Efforts To Deemphasize Radical Islam in Combating Terrorism. Senators on the committee now have an opportunity to expose the Muslim Brotherhood influence within DHS and the FBI, their invidious  Countering Violent Extremism  Agenda, and their hand in covering up counter-terrorism investigations.Senator Cruz hinted at the agenda he plans to pursue at this hearing in an op-ed for Conservative Review earlier this week:President Obama s politically correct reluctance to attribute the terrorist threat we face with radical Islam hobbles our ability to combat it by discouraging counterterrorism agents from taking radical Islam into account when evaluating potential threats. The examples of Fort Hood, Boston, San Bernardino, and Orlando demonstrate the harmful consequences of this administration s willful blindness.Just yesterday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced at a press conference that the motives of the Orlando jihadist might never be known and that  our most effective response to terror is unity and love.  This comes on the heels of the government s attempt to redact any mention of Islamic rhetoric in the 911 call and DHS releasing another internal document scrubbing all references to Islamic terror. Just this week, the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), a front group for Hamas, was allowed to sit in on FBI interviews with members of the Fort Pierce mosque. The FBI was supposed to cut ties with CAIR, and DOJ was supposed to prosecute them in 2009 following the Holy Land Foundation trial, in which CAIR was implicated as a co-conspirator, yet they are granted full access to FBI counter-terrorism investigations. How can Republicans let this stand for one day? Worse, they are validating the Democrat premise by obsequiously holding vote after vote on the non sequitur of gun control while our own government is willfully allowing Islamic terrorist sympathizers to operate freely within DHS and sabotage all investigations that would have prevented these attacks.This hearing will likely focus on which figures within the federal government worked to squelch any research connecting the dots between local Muslim Brotherhood officials, these individual terrorists, and foreign terror networks. Senators on the committee now have an opportunity to expose the Muslim Brotherhood influence within DHS and the FBI, their invidious  Countering Violent Extremism  Agenda, and their hand in covering up counter-terrorism investigations. They can demonstrate how the federal government has hamstrung local law enforcement by refusing to cooperate and share information regarding jihadists living in their communities.Most importantly, this is the first opportunity to finally change the narrative from the false discussion about guns, which has nothing to do with Islamic Jihad. Hopefully, this committee hearing will be the beginning of a concerted effort for the legislative branch to actually engage in some critical oversight of the perfidious actions within the top echelons of federal law enforcement. The fact that GOP leaders in the House and Senate are not pushing multiple hearings and legislation dealing with this issue is scandalous, but unfortunately, not unexpected. Via: Conservative Review ",0
20366,STOP THE MADNESS! NYC Firefighters Take First “Trans 101” Course…Learn Correct Way To Interact With Transgenders,"Because NYC Firefighters don t have enough to worry about. They now have to worry about how to properly identify and address their victims based on sexual preference?It must to be a crime to waste these brave men and women s time with this insanity Firefighters and medics will take their first  Trans 101  course on Tuesday, learning the correct way to interact with transgender people   and even getting a lesson in what LGTBQI actually stands for, a city official said.(It stands for lesbian gay trans bisexual queer/questioning and intersex.)The two-hour sensitivity training was launched in March by the city Commission for Human Rights after Mayor de Blasio signed an executive order allowing people to use any public bathroom or locker room they identified with, regardless of their sexual anatomy.The training at FDNY headquarters in Downtown Brooklyn will go over correct terminology and even how to ask for a person s preferred pronoun. People need to learn to not be afraid to ask someone who is transitioning genders what their pronoun is,  said a Commission for Human Rights spokesman. Employees of city pools have also begun training in time for Wednesday s opening of the summer swim season, where gender sensitivity issues are more likely to arise in locker rooms and bathrooms. It s especially important for Parks employees [to take the training] because they work in a place that involves changing clothes,  a commission spokesman said.So far, 65 city pool employees have taken the class and 200 more are scheduled to take it in the coming weeks, according to Sam Biederman, a Parks Department spokesman. Via: NYP ",0
20367,Obama’s “CLOCK BOY” Comes Back To Texas…After Spending 9 Months Doing THIS…,"After 9 Months Of Hard-Core Islam Muslim  Clock Boy  Returns To TX Still Plans To Sue State He  Misses  For $15 MILLIONCAIR s poster child for how to use Islam to get everything you want in politically correct America comes home Obama boot camp?Ahmed Mohamed, the teen known as  Clock Boy,  may be back in Texas within days. After nine months of living in his new homeland, Qatar, he reportedly feels homesick. Late Friday, the Dallas Morning News reported Mohamed plans to return to Texas early in the week for an extended visit. The teen s uncle, Aldean Mohamed, said:  He miss[es] Texas, and he miss[es] Irving. Breitbart Texas reported on Ahmed Mohamed s earlier yearnings to return to the Lone Star State in December. The uncle also indicated his nephew will catch up with family in the Dallas suburb of Irving and has events lined up with some tech companies. The Dallas newspaper did not disclose any information with whom the teen will meet.Ahmed Mohamed was the 14-year-old Irving Independent School District high school freshman detained last September for bringing to class a makeshift clock-in-a-box which school officials and police initially believed was a  hoax bomb.  No charges were filed once the situation sorted itself out, but the teen served three days of suspension before his family decided to withdraw him from the school district.A subsequent media firestorm ensued in which mainstream news outlets insisted  Islamophobia  was behind Mohamed s detainment. Breitbart Texas maintained it was the result of rigid public school zero tolerance policies and a month later, the Associated Press agreed.Last October, Mohamed accepted a fully-funded education scholarship from the Qatar Foundation, an organization with reputed ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, over an invitation to the one of the world s most prestigious private research universities, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). This year, MIT ranked #1 across twelve fields of study with other disciplines placing in the Top Five internationally.Fueled by the progressive narrative of victimization, Mohamed traveled to Google s Northern California headquarters, toured the Qatari educational system he now attends, made a Saudi-funded pilgrimage to Mecca, rubbed shoulders with Sudanese Islamic autocrat Bashir, appeared in a Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) promo video with Executive Director Nihad Awad, a supporter of the Palestinian terrorist group Hamas, and attended CAIR s 2015  Champions for Justice  gala in Arlington, VA. Then, Mohamed visited the White House for Astronomy Night where he met President Obama alongside other invited students.Previously, the Commander-in-Chief tweeted the teen should bring his  cool clock  with him but that was not possible. The family did not retrieve it until late October despite the Irving Police Department s requests for them to do so a month earlier.While in Washington, D.C., Uncle Aldean, Ahmed, and his father Mohamed Elhassen Mohamed rallied with uber-left California U.S. Rep. Mike Honda, who pushed for a DOJ probe into the Irving school district and police department regarding the legality of the teen s detainment.TIME Magazine listed Mohamed on their 30 Most Influential Teens of 2015; yet, by December, with the Christmas season shrouded by Islamic State attacks in Paris, State Department travel alerts, and Syrian refugees at U.S. borders, sympathy waned for the Islamophobia poster child. Breitbart News reported that the same liberal media that championed Mohamed s every move, lost interest.According to the Dallas Morning News, Uncle Aldean Mohamed said the family still plans to sue the Irving ISD over Ahmed s arrest. After they left for Qatar, the Mohamed family demanded a total of $15 million   $10 million from the City of Irving and $5 million from the school district   and threatened a lawsuit if they did not receive it. In a 10-page letter to the Irving City Attorney and a similar 9-page letter to Irving ISD s attorney, the family claimed  Islamophobia  among their clock related incident allegations. Via: Bretibart News",0
20368,ICELAND’S STUNNING ELECTION OF ANTI-ESTABLISHMENT Political Novice Should Have Hillary Shaking In Her Pants Suit,"The anti-establishment tide is rolling across Europe. You really can t blame the citizens for being furious at their leaders for allowing the invasion of Muslim immigrants into their hometowns and major cities. If this sentiment catches fire in America this summer, it will not likely bode well for Crooked Hillary at the polls in November, given that Trump is the ultimate non-establishment politician History professor Gudni Johannesson won Iceland s presidential election after riding a wave of anti-establishment sentiment, final results showed Sunday, although the vote was eclipsed by the country s eagerly-anticipated Euro football match.The political newcomer, who won with 39.1 percent of votes, was trailed by businesswoman Halla Tomasdottir, also without party affiliation, who took 29.4 percent, according to results announced on public television channel RUV.Johannesson only decided to run for the presidency after the so-called Panama Papers leak in April which detailed offshore accounts and implicated several senior Icelandic politicians, including the prime minister who was forced to resign.Throughout the campaign, Johannesson emphasised his non-partisan vision of the presidency, and vowed to restore faith in the political system after years of public anger toward politicians over scandals and financial woes.The victory was especially sweet for the history professor and political commentator, who has never held public office and has no party affiliation, as he celebrated his 48th birthday Sunday.David Oddsson, a former conservative prime minister who had been Johannesson s closest rival throughout most of the campaign, garnered just 13 percent of votes. The representative of the old era  has been rejected, people are looking to the future,  University of Akureyri political science professor Gretar Eythorsson told AFP.The president in Iceland holds a largely ceremonial position. More important legislative elections are due in the autumn.But the outrage that fuelled mass street protests in April and led to ousting of premier Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson appeared to have dissipated somewhat as euphoria erupted over the Icelandic football squad achieving a historic feat in the Euro 2016 football tournament.A North Atlantic island of just 334,000 people, Iceland beat Austria 2-1 on Wednesday to qualify for the last 16 in its first major international competition, and will face off against England on Monday.Britain s vote to leave the European Union also headlined the news on the eve of the election in Iceland, which itself had applied for EU membership in 2009 after suffering a devastating financial crisis in 2008, but abandoned the bid six years later.Like most of Iceland s voters, Johannesson is opposed to EU membership. Via: Yahoo News",0
20369,"UN OFFICIAL TIED TO CLINTONS Set To Face Trial, Found With Throat CRUSHED By Barbell…UN Claims Heart Attack Is Cause Of Death","Vince Foster Part II?The death by barbell of disgraced UN official John Ashe could become a bigger obsession for conspiracy theorists than Vince Foster s 1993 suicide.Ashe   who was facing trial for tax fraud   died Wednesday afternoon in his house in Westchester County. The UN said he d had a heart attack. But the local Dobbs Ferry police said Thursday that his throat had been crushed, presumably by a barbell he dropped while pumping iron.Ashe was due in court Monday with his Chinese businessman co-defendant Ng Lap Seng, who is charged with smuggling $4.5 million into the US since 2013 and lying that it was to buy art and casino chips.Ng was identified in a 1998 Senate report as the source of hundreds of thousands of dollars illegally funneled through an Arkansas restaurant owner, Charlie Trie, to the Democratic National Committee during the Clinton administration. (Ng was not charged with any crime.)Ng and Trie had visited the White House several times for Democratic fund-raising events and were photographed with then-President Bill Clinton and First Lady Hillary Clinton.One source told me,  During the trial, the prosecutors would have linked Ashe to the Clinton bagman Ng. It would have been very embarrassing. His death was conveniently timed.  Via: NYP",0
20370,WATCH: BEST DESCRIPTION OF UK BREXIT YET…Conservatives Will Stand Up And Cheer!,Take note America ,0
20371,OBAMA’S MUSLIM DHS Advisor REFUSED To Videotape Fellow Muslim During Investigation…But Wants Every American Gun Owner To Be FORCED To Do THIS,"When a Muslim man with dual citizenship in Egypt and America tells his fellow agents:  A Muslim doesn t record another Muslim  and gets a promotion, every American should be concerned. When that same Muslim is in an advisory role in our government and is advocating for a federal gun registry, every American should be very concerned A Muslim doesn t record another Muslim,  said Gamal Abdel-Hafiz (shown). This might not have been noteworthy except that Abdel-Hafiz was an FBI agent at the time and was refusing to do his duty, which at that moment involved taping a Muslim suspect. That was 2002, and this is now. And now the Cairo-born Abdel-Hafiz has moved on to bigger and perhaps better things   he s a homeland-security advisor to Barack Obama. And while recording a single Muslim is a problem for him, putting every single American firearm owner on a gun-registry he fancies a good idea. WFAA.com reports on his idea: A former FBI counter-terrorism agent says lawmakers could make mass murders less likely.  What we need to do is keep the ownership of guns known to the government, so we know who has what,  said security consultant Gamal Abdel-Hafiz.  And I know a lot of people are against that.   He shouldn t have been able to buy a gun legally. He shouldn t,  said Abdel-Hafiz about 29 year-old Omar Mateen [the Orlando jihadist]. He says 3 FBI interviews should have been enough to keep Mateen on the radar, but he also knows why he wasn t.  Once you investigate someone and clear them, you have to remove them from the watch list by law,  he explained Monday from his office in Dallas.And even if Mateen had been on a terror watch list, or no-fly list, that would not have prohibited him from legally buying weapons   That means the list is useless then,  the former agent said.Responding to this, PJ Media notes,  Remarkably, he [Abdel-Hafiz] admits that the various terror watch lists and no-fly lists are useless. Moments after suggesting another list. He doesn t explain how a national gun registry   yet another government list targeting millions of law-abiding Americans   would prevent another terror attack. For sure. All car owners are registered, but that doesn t guarantee they re all sane and doesn t stop me, if I am unhinged, from plowing my vehicle into a group on a sidewalk. Likewise, let s say all legal firearms in America were registered. Then what? Given that the lists Mateen already was on ultimately had no remedial effect in his case, how would the FBI having knowledge of his weapons purchases have stopped his Orlando malevolence? We don t have to wonder, though, because the FBI already knew about them. As Breitbart reported last week:  Robbie Abell, owner of a Florida gun shop, says he alerted authorities that a suspicious man had come in asking about body armor. The Wall Street Journal quotes Abell as telling them that his store, Lotus Gunworks of South Florida,  shut him down on all sales  after he began asking bizarre questions about body armor and bulk ammunition.  The questions he was asking were not the normal questions a normal person would be asking . He just seemed very odd,  Abell said. The armor Mateen asked about is not traditionally available to civilians.In addition, Abell witnessed Mateen talking on a phone in what the gun dealer believed was Arabic. In other words, Mateen fit the terrorist profile like a glove, yet this wasn t enough to inspire the FBI to take the gloves off. And now we re supposed to believe that somehow, some way, information about innocent American gun owners will help an agency that lacked the wisdom to act on already available information about a dangerous, un-American gun owner?Shockingly, Abdel-Hafiz was never fired by the FBI. This is despite allegations he perpetrated insurance fraud and then lied about it to the agency; despite his  I won t  record another Muslim  remark; and despite the fact that a colleague of his, FBI special agent Robert Wright, and Chicago federal prosecutor Mark Flessner both attest that the Muslim agent seriously damaged the investigation inspiring the remark. Instead, here s what did transpire, as reported by ABC News in 2002:Wright said he  was floored  by Abdel-Hafiz s refusal and immediately called the FBI headquarters. Their reaction surprised him even more:  The supervisor from headquarters says,  Well, you have to understand where he s coming from, Bob.  I said no, no, no, no, no. I understand where I m coming from,  said Wright.  We both took the same damn oath to defend this country against all enemies foreign and domestic, and he just said no? No way in hell. Far from being reprimanded, Abdel-Hafiz was promoted to one of the FBI s most important anti-terrorism posts, the American Embassy in Saudi Arabia, to handle investigations for the FBI in that Muslim country.Of course, there are no allegations that Abdel-Hafiz   who has dual American/Egyptian citizenship   has commissively aided terrorists. But given his infamous 2002 refusal to perform his duty, some questions must be asked. In what other ways did/does Abdel-Hafiz s Muslim faith constrain or even warp his actions with respect to Muslim terrorists? How is it influencing his advice? And how many of his theological soul mates are today working in intelligence agencies? Note here that Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson is himself a Muslim.And we should also ask, is this possible Fifth Column corruption responsible for something else Agent Wright complained of: FBI ineptitude? As he also told ABC News in 2002,  September the 11th is a direct result of the incompetence of the FBI s International Terrorism Unit. No doubt about that. Absolutely no doubt about that.  And as he related to another source prior to 9/11:Knowing what I know, I can confidently say that until the investigative responsibilities for terrorism are removed from the FBI, I will not feel safe. The FBI has proven for the past decade it cannot identify and prevent acts of terrorism against the United States and its citizens at home and abroad. Even worse, there is virtually no effort on the part of the FBI s International Terrorism Unit to neutralize known and suspected terrorists residing within the United States. Unfortunately, more terrorist attacks against American interests, coupled with the loss of American lives, will have to occur before those in power give this matter the urgent attention it deserves.And the rest is in the past. Unfortunately, unless political correctness is purged, it will also be prologue. Via: InfoWars",0
20372,TREY GOWDY Embarrasses Gun-Grabbing Obama Official In Brilliant “Gotcha” Moment [VIDEO],"Why is explaining our Constitution to liberals is like explaining algebra to a two year old? Shouldn t government officials who are being paid by We The Taxpayer have a basic understanding of how our Constitution and the basic rights it affords US citizens?The Left, from the White House on down, has scrambled to make the horrific Islamic terrorist attack on the LBGT community in Orlando, which left 49 innocents dead and injured 53 others, all about gun control and those evil Christians.Honing in on their indictment of the gun, the Left has exploited the tragedy in effort to pass anti-American gun legislation, much like Senator Dianne Feinstein s proposed (and failed) measure to ban those who have been named on the terror watchlist within the last five years from their Second Amendment right to purchase a firearm.No due process necessary; and not to mention, the terror watchlist is a train-wreck: naming journalists, politicians, cub scouts and  right wing extremists  to their list of  suspects. In light of this push, South Carolina representative Trey Gowdy re-upped his complete domination of the issue to his Facebook page. Can you name another constitutional right that is chilled until we find out it is chilled, and then we have to petition the government to get it back? Is there another constitutional right we treat the same way for American citizens as we do the second amendment?  wrote Gowdy, captioning the video.WATCH video Gowdy posted on his Facebook page here: What process is currently afforded an American citizen before they go on that list?  asked Gowdy.After being told that  there isn t one,  but, rather, only a process to petition to get off the list after finding out that one has been put on it,  Gowdy pushed back. Hard. I m actually talking about due process, which is a phrase we find in the Constitution.  he quipped,  that you cannot deprive people of certain things without due process. He continued hammering the liberal:  Can you name another constitutional right that is chilled until we find out it is chilled, and then we have to petition the government to get it back?  he asked.  Is that true with the First Amendment? Without a coherent rejoinder to him, Gowdy persisted: If we re  fine with doing it with the Second Amendment, how about the First? How about we not let them set up a website or a Goggle account? How about we not let them join a church until they can petition the government to get off the list. How about not getting a lawyer? How about the Sixth Amendment? How about you can t get a lawyer until you petition the government to get off the list? Or my favorite: How about the Eighth Amendment? We are going to subject you to cruel and unusual punishment until you petition the government to get off the list? Is there another constitutional right that we treat the same way, for American citizens, that we do for the Second Amendment?  he asked. Via: Daily WireTrey Gowdy asks another brilliant question every one of our gun-grabbing legislators should have to answer:",0
20373,NC TAXPAYERS UNKNOWINGLY Fund Stunning COMMUNIST Guide At UNC: Why Students Are Told Not To Use “Christmas Vacation” Or “Golf Outings” Will Make Your Blood Boil,"Taxpayers need to start calling out the colleges and universities they re funding with their tax dollars. This kind of communist indoctrination, that is being widely accepted as the norm is NOT okay! The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill issued a guide this week which instructs students that Christmas vacations and telling a woman  I love your shoes!  are  microagressions. The taxpayer-funded guide   entitled  Career corner: Understanding microaggressions    also identifies golf outings and the words  boyfriend  and  girlfriend  as microagressions.The UNC Chapel Hill guide, published on Thursday, covers a wide range of menacing microaggressions   which are everyday words that radical leftists have decided to be angry or frustrated about.Christmas vacations are a microagression, the public university pontificates, because  academic calendars and encouraged vacations  which  are organized around major religious observances  centralize  the Christian faith  and diminish  non-Christian spiritual rituals and observances. The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill issued a guide this week which instructs students that Christmas vacations and telling a woman  I love your shoes!  are  microagressions. The microagression of liking shoes occurs when someone says  I love your shoes!   to a woman in leadership during a Q & A after a speech.  So it s a very specific microagression. The problem, the University of North Carolina document declares, is that the shoe admirer values appearances  more than   intellectual contributions. Similarly, the public school pronounces, interrupting any woman who is speaking is a microagression.Golf outings are also a microagression, the University of North Carolina says, because suggesting a  staff retreat at the country club  or even just  a round of golf   assumes employees have the financial resources  to participate in the  fairly expensive and inaccessible sport. (As an aside, daily greens fees at the gorgeous UNC Finley Golf Club range from $30   for students   to $40 for professors and administrators.)The words  boyfriend  and  girlfriend    as well as  husband  and  wife    are microaggressions, the University of North Carolina admonishes, because these words set  the expectation that people do not identify as LGBTQ until they say otherwise or disclose their sexual orientation.  The correct terms are now  partner  and  spouse,  UNC Chapel Hill demands.In this same vein, bureaucratic forms only containing the options  male  and  female  are microagressions, the taxpayer-funded flagship school says. It s also a microagression to refer to men who dress up as women with the pronouns  he  or  him,  UNC Chapel Hill scolds.Still more microagressions cited by UNC Chapel Hill include complimenting a foreign-born person s English skills, saying  I get ADHD sometimes  and telling a person you don t judge them by the color of their skinThe two lady authors of the UNC Chapel Hill microagressions guide are Sharbari Dey, an assistant director of multicultural affairs, and Krista Prince, a dorm life coordinator.In order to counter the multitude of microagressions listed in their document, Dey and Prince advise students to respond by interrupting and aggressively asking,  What did you mean by that? UNC Chapel Hill is home to a  cultural competency workshop  which instructs that white people are privileged because they can buy Band-Aids  in  flesh  color and have them more or less match  their vaguely beige-hued skin. At least some students have apparently been required to participate in the workshop.Via: Daily Caller   h/t Campus Reform ",0
20374,OBAMA’S NEW AND “IMPROVED” FBI Offers HUGE Reward For Anyone Who Can Help Frame White Cop In Black THUG Shooting,"No evidence No worries Obama s got this one. Meanwhile, the Democrat Party s presidential nominee would already be in jail if King Obama wasn t stalling the investigation In case you needed more evidence that Obama s Justice Department is more interested in proving white people are racists than actually fighting crime, here it is: The FBI is offering a huge reward for anyone that can help them frame a white police officer who killed an armed black criminal in a completely justified shooting.Last week, a white Mobile, AL police officer shot and killed Michael Moore during a traffic stop. I know what you are thinking, no, not fat white liberal gasbag Michael Moore, this was black criminal Michael Moore.On June 13th, Officer Harold Hurst with the Mobile PD was on his way to work when he observed a white Lexus make a dangerous left turn into traffic, almost causing an accident. The officer pulled the vehicle over that was being driven by Michael Moore, with two additional passengers. The ID Moore gave was fake and the car was stolen.Officer Hurst called for back up and asked Moore to step out of the car. The officer observed a .40 caliber handgun in Moore s waistband and ordered him to put his hands up. Instead, Moore reached for the gun so Hurst had no choice but to shoot. On the ground, Moore was still trying to get to the gun in his pants and the officer fired another round. Moore was taken to the hospital where he died.Police recovered a gun from Moore s body and one of the passengers in the car confirmed that he had a gun on him at the time of the shooting. This is as cut-and-dry of a justifiable police shooting as you will ever find, but not everyone sees it that way. Moore s family and local black activists insist this was a murder and accuse the police of a cover up.Because any time black people complain about something, no matter how little evidence there is to support their claims, the feds come running. The FBI and the US Attorney s Office have launched an investigation based on one little weird thing.Officer Hurst was on his way to work and had yet to report for duty. As such, he didn t have his body cam on and didn t capture the deadly confrontation. The feds figure this must be evidence that the officer is lying, even though all evidence points to the events unfolding the way Hurst said they did.With no actual evidence, the FBI is offering a $10,000 reward to anyone who may have recorded the shooting on a cell phone according to AL.com. Seriously? There isn t any real crime going on so the feds want to spend a big wad of cash to help them build a case against a police officer who was just doing his duty? This is pathetic.Obama s Justice Department has wasted millions upon millions of dollars trying to prove how racist America is and come up with nothing. With expensive investigations into the Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown, Eric, Garner, Tamir Rice, and dozens of other black deaths yielding no fruit, the administration seems hell bent on spending as much money as possible to prove Al Sharpton is right about something.Michael Moore was driving a stolen car filled with stolen goods. He had a fake ID and a handgun, which was also stolen. A passenger in his car said Moore had the gun and made a move for it before being shot. Why are the feds even looking at this case?And let s keep in mind that this is the same FBI that didn t see a problem with Omar Mateen, the radical Islamic terrorist who killed 49 people in Orlando. Via: DownTrend",0
20375,"HILLARY SHARES PRO-ILLEGAL MANIFESTO: Plans To Open Borders, Create Taxpayer Funded Agency To Give ILLEGALS Amnesty","To hell with the common sense voter, Hillary believes she only needs Americans who are okay with living in a lawless nation to lock down the Presidency. It seems to have worked pretty well for her predecessor why not?Hillary Clinton wrote an op/ed piece for the Arizona Republic and boy is it insane. It s sort of an anti-Trump/pro-illegal alien manifesto that lays out her immigration policy if she becomes president. Two noteworthy things are that she intends to open our borders completely and establish a government agency that will spend taxpayer money to help illegal aliens become citizens.Hillary starts out with a folksy story about an illegal alien who would be deported if Donald Trump was in charge and then lashed out at the Supreme Court for ruling against Obama s amnesty executive order, calling it,  heartbreaking and unacceptable. And while our system fails to provide certainty to immigrant families, political figures like Donald Trump turn them into scapegoats for many of the challenges facing American families today. His bigotry and fear-mongering may be an attempt to divide our country and distract from his lack of real solutions to raise incomes and create good paying jobs   but it s not going to work.Let s be clear: When Trump talks about forming a  deportation force  to round up and expel 11 million immigrants   he s talking about ripping apart families Isn t that cute? Hillary wants you to think there is no difference between legal immigrants and illegal aliens. Trump has never once said he plans to round up and deport legal immigrants, just that he wants to enforce existing immigration laws.When he praises local figures like Gov. Jan Brewer and Sheriff Joe Arpaio, he s endorsing their heartless and divisive policies.How is enforcing the law a  heartless policy  as Hillary says? The only way our immigration laws are divisive is because illegal aliens don t like them.Instead of building walls, we ought to be breaking down barriers. Our country has always been stronger when we lift each other up, not tear each other down. We re stronger together.Here Hillary is obviously saying that she wants open borders, which essentially would nullify our status as an autonomous country, but there s even more garbage contained within that last statement. Illegal aliens are not Americans and therefore not part of  us.  They are citizens of another country, which makes them  not us.  They don t stand with us, they don t lift us up, and they sure as shit don t make us stronger.After proving that Hillary plans to be the leader of the third world rather than the President of the United States, she outlined ways she will make that happen.First up, amnesty beyond Obama s bullshit:That s why, as president, I ll fight for comprehensive immigration reform that includes a path to full and equal citizenship, starting in my first 100 days in office. We should do everything we can to keep families together, better integrate immigrants into their communities, and help those eligible for naturalization take the last step to citizenship.Then another bloated bureaucracy and massive waste of funds:Second, we need to increase our focus on integration and make sure that immigrants are able to thrive in American society. Let s provide more federal resources to help immigrants learn the English language skills they need to be successful. And because this issue cuts across all levels of government   local, state and federal   I ll create the first-ever Office of Immigrant Affairs at the White House to help coordinate these policies across the nation.And finally, some more government handouts designed to make instant democrats:Third, let s help the 9 million people in our country who are currently eligible for naturalization become full citizens. They work and pay taxes   yet they cannot vote or serve on juries. Let s expand fee waivers so that those seeking naturalization can get a break on the costs. And let s step up our outreach and education, because no one should miss out on the chance to be a citizen.Hillary claims that her plans will strengthen our economy by flooding the country with unskilled uneducated people who will drive down wages. I m not sure how that works and Hillary certainly didn t try to explain it.No matter what Donald Trump says, we have always been a nation of immigrants And it is long past time we helped millions of hard-working people step out of the shadows and onto a path to a brighter future.When has Trump ever denied that America was formed by immigrants? All he wants is the fairness that comes with upholding the law.If Hillary Clinton becomes president, we can pretty much kiss our country goodbye. With no border security and zero immigration enforcement, America as we know it will cease to exist.  Downtrend",0
20376,THE “OBAMA BOUNCE”: UKIP Leader Claims Obama’s Insulting Threat To UK Voters BACKFIRED…Actually Drove Voters To Support “Leave EU” Movement,"Barack Hussein Obama has been in over his head since he first stepped foot in the White House. Our Community Organizer In Chief just found out how unwelcome his Chicago style politics are in the UK   UK Independence Party (UKIP) leader Nigel Farage told Breitbart that the visit by President Obama, where he threatened to send Britain to the  back of the queue  if the public voted to leave the European Union (EU), backfired and caused a  Brexit Bounce , swaying Britons to vote for Brexit.Comparing the outcome to the American Independence Day, Mr. Farage said: You [Americans] have your Independence Day where in July you celebrate being your own country, governing yourself, having your own courts, controlling your own borders and that s what happened to us yesterday. We have broken away from a political union where our power was being overruled, our courts were being overruled, and we had a complete open border for anybody from southern and eastern Europe, so this is a major historic step. On the EU post-Brexit, he said: We ve not just changed British history. I m sure that the EU project itself will now come tumbling down. I would like to think and hope that right across the globe what we ve done is to prove that people power can beat the establishment. The European Union project has failed. It is dying before your very eyes. It is unwanted, it is unloved, and people across the country are saying what UKIP has been saying for years:  We want our country back, we want our democracy back, we want the closest possible relationship with our neighbours. We re happy to have a NAFTA kind of agreement with free trade, but we don t want political union . Asked of any lessons drawn from his own experiences that could be applied during the American presidential elections, Mr. Farage advised: Threatening people insults their intelligence. Don t threaten people repeatedly because if you do in the end they think you re crying wolf and they won t believe you. It s Project Fear, or in the end when Obama came it was Project Threat.Citing Mr. Obama s visit to the UK at the request of Prime Minister David Cameron:The lessons learnt from the Obama visit are fascinating. Here is the most powerful man in the world coming from a country that we have always had huge regard for. And people in Britain listening to Obama said:  how dare the American president come here and tell us what to do  and it backfired.And I think we got an Obama Brexit Bounce, because people do not want to be told how to think and how to vote.  BreitbartWatch here to see how citizens reacted to Obama s threat:https://youtu.be/w-DSGtfWgegRepublican lawmakers warned US President Barack Obama his controversial intervention into the British EU referendum debate threatens to harm the  special relationship. During a visit timed to coincide with Queen Elizabeth II s 90th birthday earlier this year, Obama warned that the United States would be in no hurry to agree a bilateral trade deal with a Britain outside the EU. I think it s fair to say that maybe at some point down the line there might be a UK-US trade agreement, but it s not going to happen any time soon because our focus is in negotiating with a big bloc, the European Union, to get a trade agreement done. And the UK is going to be at the back of the queue,  he said.Obama s comments caused furore among Leave campaigners, with UK Independence Party (UKIP) leader Nigel Farage accusing Obama of  talking Britain down. Former Defense Minister Liam Fox dismissed the president s intervention, calling his views  largely irrelevant,  as he will soon be leaving the White House. Via: RT",0
20377,ILLEGAL ALIEN GETS Full-Ride To Prestigious Harvard Medical School,"Welcome to socialism, where colleges, universities and our government work hand-in-hand to level the playing field. It all starts by punishing the white middle and upper class legal citizens of America, who had the audacity to be born white, work hard and follow the rule of law in America Harvard University raked in an astounding $608 MILLION in federal funding in 2014.Harvard Medical School has a 5% acceptance rate.From Harvard Med School website:Student Profile:Harvard Medical School affirms that medical education is enhanced by diversity among the student body, and has one of the most diverse medical school enrollments in the country. 17% of the student body comes from groups underrepresented in medicine, and another 35% from other minority groups. Students hail from 45 U.S. states, many foreign countries, and over 100 different undergraduate institutions.Harvard s Medical School website only shows only partial scholarships are available for students from lower income families. Perhaps they make exceptions for lawbreakers?! An illegal alien has won a full-ride scholarship to Harvard Medical School, highlighting the growing inflow of migrants into the white-collar professions.Blanca Morales of Santa Ana, California was the valedictorian of Santa Ana High School and graduated with honors from University of California Irvine. Now ABC 7 news has reported that Harvard has offered her a slot   plus tuition costs   even though she is an illegal alien who was brought into the country at the age of five.Tuition and fees for Harvard Medical School come to over $62,000 for the 2016-17 school year.Morales s gain was eased by President Barack Obama s 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) executive action, which provided her with a form of legal status, plus a work permit. She is the first Health Scholar DACA student to be admitted to Medical School,  reads a portion of a post on the  Health Scholars Program  Facebook page.She s being touted as success story for the Democrats  support of illegal immigration.But Morales  gain marks a larger trend   namely, the increasing inflow of white-collar immigrants, legal and otherwise, seeking jobs also sought by hard-pressed American professionals.Since the 1990s, blue-collar Americans  have seen their wages and opportunities reduced by blue-collar immigrants.But American professionals are also losing a wide variety of jobs to a resident population of roughly 1 million white-collar foreign guest-workers.The California and New York state legislatures have allowed professional licensing boards to provide professional licenses to illegals so they can compete for white-collar jobs. Illegal immigrant Cesar Vargas  lawyers convinced a New York appeals court in June of 2015 to grant him the authority to practice law. A California court made a similar decision in 2014.Lawyers have also found a way to convert Obama s 2012 DACA mini-amnesty for roughly 800,000 younger illegals status into permanent residency.DACA recipients ask the Department of Homeland Security for permission to leave the country and then return under the legal status of  advanced parole.  That is a benefit that is supposed to only be granted for  urgent humanitarian reasons  or  significant public benefit.  The case is detailed in a letter from two U.S. Senators to Department of Homeland Security Sec. Jeh Johnson.Several universities are organizing so-called  study abroad  trips with white-collar illegal alien students so they can obtain  advanced parole  to let them continue on the path to legalization, according to the letter from Sens. Chuck Grassley (R-IA) and Mike Lee (R-UT).United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) officials have been overwhelmed with DACA applications, processing near 7 million in fiscal year 2014 alone. Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL) has pointed out that those seeking to come to the United States legally face greater obstacles in the visa process than those who have come illegally.Favoritism towards illegals disadvantages the people who legally migrate into the United States. Self-described legal immigrant and community volunteer Francisco Rivera of Los Angeles, California told Breitbart News last August:People need to understand that not every immigrant supports immigration reform [for illegals] and I do not approve of it. You don t cut in front of people in line and expect not to pay the consequences. That s why we have rules and laws, not just in this country, but many countries. You need to get in line. Via: Breitbart News ",0
20378,IS BEN AFFLECK DRUNK? WATCH Hollywood Leftist Who Goes Out OF His Way To Defend Islam Go Ballistic…Again,"***LANGUAGE WARNING***I admittedly (and intentionally) haven t seen too many Ben Affleck movies, but watching this rabid defender of Islam, Ben Affleck go off the rails over the  deflate gate  controversy left me wondering about this belligerent Hollywood leftist. Does Affleck typically slur his 4-letter words while appearing to be cross-eyed during interviews?Here is Affleck defending Islam in an over the top response to leftist Bill Maher s comments:",0
20379,RACE-BAITING COP HATERS Dealt Major Blow: Baltimore Judge Finds No Evidence Of Crime Committed Against Freddie Grey,"This is the second major blow today to Obama and his plans to fundamentally transform America. The first blow to Obama was today s US Supreme Court ruling against his unlawful executive amnesty proclamation. Both of these decisions are victories for Americans who are sick and tired of watching our nation being torn apart and divided by racist hate mongers, whose only goal is to build a coalition of Democrat voters A judge explained why he found a police driver not guilty in the death of Freddie Gray, a 25-year-old black man whose neck was broken on the way to the station: He didn t see any evidence of a crime.Baltimore Judge Barry Williams ruled Thursday that the state failed to prove Officer Caesar Goodson committed murder, manslaughter, assault, reckless endangerment or misconduct in office. There has been no evidence that this defendant intended for a crime to happen,  Williams said.  The state had a duty to show the defendant corruptly failed in his duty, not just made a mistake. Goodson s acquittal is the worst blow yet to efforts to hold police accountable in a case that triggered riots in the troubled city. The state s third failure to convict also casts doubt on whether any of the six indicted officers will be found guilty.Baltimore s police union president, Gene Ryan, called on State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby to reconsider her  malicious prosecution,  since he s certain the remaining officers also will be found without guilt.The case became a rallying cry for the growing Black Lives Matter movement and sparked more outrage nationwide over how black people are treated by police and the criminal justice system.But the case hasn t fit quite so neatly into the American narrative of white authorities imposing justice unfairly on black people. In this case, the defendant, trial judge, state s attorney and mayor are African-American; at the time of Gray s death, so was the police chief.After the verdict, Black Lives Matter activist and Baltimore native DeRay Mckesson aimed his criticism at the entire system. Today is a reminder that there is a set of laws, policies and police union contracts across the country that will protect any form of police behavior,  he said.Goodson was the only one of the six officers charged in Gray s death to be accused of murder. He s the second to be found not guilty, and another officer s case ended in a mistrial.Mosby appeared crestfallen as she hurried out of the courthouse and sped away in a black SUV. When she confidently announced the charges last year, she reflected the anger of many people who saw the case as open-and-shut. Via: AP",0
20380,BREAKING: US SUPREME COURT RULES King Obama Overstepped Authority…Executive Amnesty For 5 MILLION ILLEGAL ALIENS/ Democrat Voters Not Going To Happen,"Don t let the door hit ya B..b..but who will beat up innocent Trump supporters? The assertion of presidential power was remarkable in scale. With the flick of a pen just before Thanksgiving in 2014, President Obama ordered that nearly five million illegal immigrants be allowed to  come out of the shadows  and work legally in the United States.Standing at the same lectern where he had announced the death of Osama bin Laden three years earlier, Mr. Obama insisted in a speech to the nation that his plan for immigrants was a fully legal response to a Republican-controlled Congress that had refused his plea for an overhaul of the nation s immigration laws.But on Thursday, the Supreme Court disagreed. In a 4-to-4 decision, the justices let stand a lower court ruling that Mr. Obama had overstepped his authority. The decision freezes the president s actions for the balance of his term, leaving the future of the program   and millions of undocumented workers   in limbo.Mr. Obama campaigned vowing to win passage of comprehensive immigration legislation in his first year in office, but the Supreme Court defeat will force him to finish his term without securing the major progress he had promised to millions of Latino immigrants living under the threat of deportation.Instead, one of the president s chief immigration legacies will be the years of increased enforcement he ordered at the border with Mexico and in immigrant communities, hoping it would lead to a compromise with Republicans. The aggressive actions of immigration agents and local law enforcement, especially during Mr. Obama s first term, angered many family members separated by raids and deportations.Mr. Obama did earn praise from Hispanics for taking action in 2012 to help the so-called Dreamers, young undocumented immigrants who had been brought to the United States as small children. Under the president s program, more than 730,000 of them received documents allowing them to work legally without constant fear that they might be sent home.Hillary Clinton, who embraced the president s executive action programs, has said she would expand them. The court s actions could complicate her ability to do that if she is elected president in the fall.But the successful legal assault on Mr. Obama s actions may also yield some political benefits for Mrs. Clinton and Democrats by helping to motivate and energize Hispanic voters who are angry with the court s decision. Activists have promised to punish Donald J. Trump and other Republicans who opposed the president s actions by registering more Hispanic voters and getting them to vote. Mr. Trump s rhetorical assault on immigrants, especially Mexicans, is also likely to help energize Hispanic activists on behalf of Mrs. Clinton and other Democratic candidates.The court s action comes after nearly eight years of largely futile attempts by the president to make good on his promise.Mr. Obama had resorted to executive actions in 2014 after years of fighting to get Congress to act. In 2013, the Senate passed a bipartisan immigration overhaul that the White House said the president could support. But House Republicans blocked any consideration of the legislation, accusing the Senate and Mr. Obama of supporting amnesty for the millions of illegal immigrants already in the United States.For most of his presidency, even Mr. Obama said he did not have the power to act unilaterally. He repeatedly told Hispanic activists that he could not use the  Dreamers  program as a model to expand similar protections to a much larger pool of illegal immigrants. If we start broadening that, then essentially I ll be ignoring the law in a way that I think would be very difficult to defend legally,  Mr. Obama told Jose Diaz-Balart in an interview in September 2013, after it was clear that House Republicans were blocking the Senate s immigration measure.  So that s not an option.    NYT",0
20381,BOOM! Rep Louie Gohmert (R-TX) Rips Into Obama’s Gun Grabbing Legislative Minions: “Radical ISLAM Killed These People!” [VIDEO],"Don t think for a minute this union-style Black Lives Matter/Occupy type  sit-in  wasn t orchestrated in our Oval Office by our Community Organizer in Chief. Obama is desperate to pass gun control legislation before he leaves office. The Democrats who are occupying our House floor are only acting as puppets for his radical agenda. As California Democrat Rep. Brad Sherman spoke Wednesday evening during an unprecedented  sit-in  on Capitol Hill to demand a vote on gun control, Rep. Louis Gohmert (R-TX) interrupted him, shouting:  Radical Islam killed these people!  Sherman, a moderate Democrat from the San Fernando Valley, had joined several dozen of his party colleagues in a protest against House Republicans  refusal to allow votes on several gun regulations   all of which had already failed in the Senate.Though the bills have no chance of becoming law, Democrats hope to win at least one of the votes, which would enable them to argue that by voting Democrat this November, Americans could help them retake the Senate and pass new gun restrictions.The protest was led by Rep. John Lewis (D-GA), who has long drawn on his history in the civil rights movement for partisan purposes, and who hinted last weekend during a Southern California visit that Democrats would  do something  big on guns.The protest was also timed to coincide with, and drown out, a speech in New York by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Trump responded to rival Hillary Clinton s attack earlier this week by criticizing Clinton for alleged corruption at the State Department and for her foreign policy record, while laying out his own alternative economic policies.Rep. Gohmert began heckling Rep. Sherman during his speech   which was broadcast via Periscope by another Californian, Rep. Scott Peters of San Diego, in violation of House rules. At roughly 4:24 in the video below, Gohmert points to a poster of the victims of the June 12 terrorist attack and insists that radical Islam killed them   not the lack of gun control regulations.Via: Breitbart News",0
20382,"BREAKING: US SUPREME COURT Upholds U. Of TX-Austin Admissions Ability To Choose Black, Hispanic Students Before White, Asian Students","Obama and the Leftist Supreme Court activists are working overtime to push white students to the back of the line The U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday upheld the University of Texas at Austin s ability to give a slight boost in the admissions process to black and Hispanic applicants, a decision that once again preserved the use of affirmative action at American universities.By a 4-3 vote, the court rejected Sugar Land native Abigail Fisher s claim that she was unfairly discriminated against because she was white. She was denied admission into UT-Austin in 2008, but argued in a lawsuit that black and Hispanic students who were less qualified got in over her.UT-Austin fought the suit, saying it had a right to take race into consideration in a specific, limited way.The ruling almost certainly brings an end to a years-long legal fight over UT-Austin s use of race in admissions   a fight that reached the Supreme Court twice. It will also likely have national implications that will become clearer in the near future. Colleges have been allowed to use affirmative action for decades, and the Supreme Court has upheld the practice each time, though it has limited how it can be used.  Via: Texas Tribune",0
20383,WATCH: INDOCTRINATED COLLEGE STUDENTS Are Stunned By Ugly Truth About Hillary: “Which candidate said this?”,"Would Hillary s  every day Americans  answer these questions the same way as these indoctrinated college students? Who do you think is more responsible for indoctrinating the American voter, colleges and universities or our corrupt media?",0
20384,FLASHBACK: HILLARY Received $500K In Jewelry From King Of Barbaric Nation Who Brutally Oppresses Women,"Nothing to see here. No conflict of interest. All feminists please look the other way you didn t really see this Crooked Hillary really is a champion of women s rights just not Saudi women s rights. August 30, 2013   Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was given a half-million bucks worth of diamond and ruby jewelry by Saudi Arabian King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz and received $58,000 worth of bling from Brunei.The lavish gifts were among a treasure trove of keepsakes bestowed upon U.S. leaders in 2012, the State Department disclosed Thursday.The Constitution prohibits U.S. government employees from keeping presents worth more than $350. But officials at the U.S. General Services Administration said the gifts were accepted to avoid awkward moments. Via: NY Daily News",0
20385,SOMETHING WICKED IS HAPPENING With Refugees In Idaho…Why Is The Media HIDING It?,"Something wicked happened in Idaho s rural Magic Valley. The evil has been compounded by politicians, media and special interest groups doing their damnedest to suppress the story and quell a righteous citizen rebellion.On June 7, a brief news item appeared on local Twin Falls, Idaho-based KMVT about a  reported sexual assault that possibly occurred near the Fawnbrook Apartments  five days earlier. Unconfirmed accounts of the alleged crime on conservative-leaning websites, plus reports from area members of anti-jihad activist Brigitte Gabriel s Act for America group and longtime watchdog Ann Corcoran s Refugee Resettlement Watch blog, culminated in coverage on the powerhouse Drudge Report.The social media groundswell, untethered from the constraints of political correctness, forced government authorities to respond.Pro-mass immigration advocates may not like the sources of some of the original reporting that forced the case into the sunlight, but the watchdogs got more right than wrong. These critics now have Twin Falls  political leaders sputtering to cover their backsides and police brass defending themselves against explosive charges that they dragged their feet.Instead, the  professional journalists  dwelt on a few early factual errors about whether the boys were from Syria and whether a knife was used   and filled their dismissive articles with  can t we all just get along  propaganda from refugee resettlement advocates and contractors with vested financial interests in the game.What these  professional journalists,  (who are working overtime to discredit anyone who reports about what happened) are conveniently leaving out of the story is the fact that the 5 year old girl who was reportedly sexually assaulted by three young refugee boys in GOVERNMENT FUNDED housing, was a  special needs  girl and that these young boys also reportedly peed in her mouth. But the media is far more concerned about getting the refugees country of origin correct. They ll never mention that these boys are more than likely Muslim, and that in their culture, rape is in most cases perfectly acceptable. They re more focused on the fact that it may have been falsely reported that the boys used a knife to threaten her. Do we really care if these young criminals used a knife? Do we really care if they came from Syria or Iraq? Americans see their way of life and their children s security being threatened by the invasion of Muslim refugees who have no intention of assimilating with Americans. That s what we care about!Police and the local prosecutor s office grudgingly confirmed that an investigation had begun into the incident. The victim: A mentally disabled 5-year-old girl. The alleged perpetrators: Three boys, ages 7, 10 and 14, from Sudanese and Iraqi immigrant families (predominantly Muslim) who have been in the country for less than two years   all but confirming that they are refugees.What happened? The case is under seal because it involves minors, but prosecutor Grant Loebs said there is videotape of the alleged sexual assault (a fact which local activists first divulged). Two of the boys are in custody. It s not clear what happened to the third.Here s the sickening thing: The people who should have been asking tough questions   like, you know, mainstream journalists   have spent more time attacking local whistleblowers and bloggers than they have spent demanding answers and holding public officials accountable.Why? Consider the backdrop. Residents in Twin Falls have been worried about the impact of an increasing influx of refugees, many from jihad-coddling countries, over the past several years. Their concerns about crime, welfare, health care, and schools echo those of communities across the country who are bearing the coercive brunt of Beltway bleeding hearts  refugee resettlement policies enacted in a shroud of secrecy.Members of the Twin Falls City Council smugly likened refugee resettlement critics to  white supremacists.  Regional newspapers including the Idaho Statesman and the Spokane Spokesman-Review rushed to discredit the on-scene reporting of internet writers such as Leo Hohmann, who had interviewed a witness to the crime for World Net Daily. Jolene Payne, an 89-year-old retired nurse who lives at the complex  told Hohmann that she spotted one of the boys  taking pictures with a camera  outside the apartment complex s laundry room. She went inside and found the 5-year-old naked with two of the younger boys naked standing over her.  The worst thing was the way they peed all over her clothes,  she recounted.Davis Odell, a community resident who has been in close contact with the victim s family said the boys dragged the unnamed girl into a utility room in the Fawnbrook Apartments, a low-income, subsidized housing complex in Twin Falls, and assaulted her in an attack that ended when a neighbor happened upon the scene and called police. They stripped her naked, and urinated in her mouth,  Odell told FoxNews.com, citing his conversations with the girl s family.Neither the Twin Falls Police Department nor Loebs confirmed the details given by Odell. Loebs did confirm that the incident was reported on June 2, and that two juvenile suspects were finally charged Thursday and arrested a day later. The prosecutor did not say why just two arrests had been made, and said the case is sealed due to its sensitive nature and the minors involved. The callousness of local officials and indifference of local and national media reminds me very much of an international incident that went viral on YouTube earlier this year in the eastern German town of Bad Schlema   located in a region overrun by Muslim refugees.A concerned grandfather whose granddaughter under the age of 10 was sexually harassed by Muslim migrants protested to mayor Jens Muller. In response to his plea for help, Muller told the elderly man to direct his family to  not walk in areas  where refugees would be. Just don t provoke them and don t walk in those areas. Via: Townhall ",0
20386,WOW! Suppression Of FREE SPEECH And GUN CONTROL For 2nd Graders Upheld By Circuit Court Judge,"Americans need to know that gun control is not just an issue leftist legislators are pushing.  Educators  and school administrators are making it clear that even the suggestion or thought of a gun by students, regardless of age, is evil and will be punished. When this story first came out in the news, we thought it had to be fake. Once we realized it was a real story and that a 2nd grader had actually been suspended for chewing a pop-tart into the shape of a gun, we applauded his father for taking the matter to court. We assumed any reasonable judge would rule against the irresponsible parties involved in their reckless decision to suspend this 7 year old boy, and that the boy s suspension would be reversed. Were we ever wrong The suspension of second grader who chewed his breakfast pastry into the shape of a gun was upheld by a circuit court judge last week.Joshua Welch was suspended from Anne Arundel County s Park Elementary in March 2013 after chewing his pastry into the shape of a gun and  [pretending] to fire it.  The student s father, B.J. Welch, took the matter to court in hopes of having the suspension reversed and expunged from his son s record.But WJZ 13 reports that an Anne Arundel County circuit judge upheld the suspension, ruling that Joshua s actions were  disruptive. Anne Arundel County Schools reacted to the ruling by releasing a statement which said,  We have believed from the outset that the actions of the school staff were not only appropriate and consistent, but in the best interests of all students. Welch family attorney Robin Ficker lamented the ruling and pointed out there was  no violence, no real weapon, no ammunition.  But the suspension will now  be on [Joshua s] record in school  every time he goes into a new grade. Via: Breitbart News",0
20387,PARANOID OR SMART? WHAT FACEBOOK’S CEO Does To His Computer That’ll Have You Questioning Your Privacy,"Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg appears to be concerned about being spied on. A photo that he shared to help celebrate Instagram s 500 million monthly active users shows the camera and audio jack on the billionaire s Macbook covered with pieces of tape. In the photo posted on Tuesday, Zuckerberg is sporting a wide smile and his signature gray T-shirt and dark denim jeans. He s holding a life-sized Instagram frame that reads:  Thanks to everyone in our community for helping us reach this milestone! After posting the photo online, several Internet users spotted and pointed out the tape covering his camera and audio jack on his Macbook at his desk. It s rumored that skilled hackers are able to take over the front facing cameras on laptops when they re not covered up. It appears as though Zuckerberg, who is worth $35.7billion, is trying to prevent that from happening by placing a piece of tape over his camera, making the webcam useless. Zuckerberg has been previously photographed at the same desk. Roughly nine months ago while on a tour, he showed off the same desk that s complete with the same items on it then as it is now, according to Gizmodo.Read more: Daily MailTHE FUTURE OF FACEBOOK: LIBERAL VIDEO, VIDEO, VIDEOFacebook is paying huge money to liberal news sights to produce live video and other news to push out Buzzfeed, New York Times and other liberal news sources like CNN are involved in producing live video which they say is the future of Facebook. You might  ask why only liberal news sites used except for the fact that suppression of conservative news has been exposed in the last few weeks.  It s been known for some time that Facebook is paying media companies and celebrities cash in return for using its Facebook Live video feature, but what hasn t been known is exactly how much it is paying them. According to a document recently obtained by the Wall Street Journal, the social networking giant has signed as many as 140 contracts worth a total of $50 million.The list of media outlets being paid by Facebook includes traditional players such as CNN and the New York Times, the Journal says, as well as digital-only publishers like Vox, Mashable, and BuzzFeed. The celebrities who are being compensated for creating live video include comedian Kevin Hart and chef Gordon Ramsay.Some contracts are worth smaller amounts, while 17 of the deals Facebook has signed are worth more than $1 million, according to the document obtained by the Journal. Two media outlets are getting paid more than $3 million to create live video BuzzFeed and the New York Times, and CNN is not far behind, with a reported payment of $2.5 million.Get Data Sheet, Fortune s technology newsletter.The first reports about Facebook FB 0.90% paying media companies and/or celebrities to create live video emerged in March, when Recode reported that COO Sheryl Sandberg was in Hollywood talking with talent agencies and artists  representatives, and offering to get out her checkbook to get them using the platform. The live-streaming feature was launched first for celebrities in 2015, then rolled out to everyone.In April, the executive in charge of Facebook Live, Fidji Simo (who we spoke with recently about the platform) told Recode that the company was also working with media partners, and said  in some of the cases that includes a financial incentive.  (Time Inc., which owns Fortune, has a relationship with Facebook that relates to the creation of Facebook Live video).Also in April, BuzzFeed confirmed in a roundabout way that it was one of the partners being paid by Facebook. A story about paying video creators quoted an anonymous source as saying that the social network was paying media partners  around $250,000 for 20 posts per month over a three-month period,  and then mentioned parenthetically that BuzzFeed was one of them. Via: Fortune",0
20388,One BRILLIANT Meme Exposes The Truth About ISLAM And Why Muslims Are Leaving The Middle East,"Meanwhile back in the good  ole USA, liberals have convinced Americans they are either  racists  or  xenophobes  if they agree with Trump when he says we need to place a temporary ban on importing Muslims from countries who hate us .",0
20389,RACIST RANT From Supreme Court Justice Exposes Slanted Personal Opinion On Law Enforcement,"Supreme Court Justic Sotomayor went on a racist rant about how law enforcement has targeted minorities and put fear in  black and brown  people: It is no secret that people of color are disproportionate victims of this type of scrutiny. She s weighed in before in a racist manner:   I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life    Supreme Court Justice SotomayorSotomayor once again brings her racist view to the court clouding her decisions on ALL Americans:Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor on Monday issued a vehement dissent in a Fourth Amendment case   writing that the majority s opinion sanctions police stops that  corrode all our civil liberties and threaten all our lives. The fiery objection came on case where a Utah man challenged his arrest based on a stop that was later found to be unlawful. The 5-3 majority opinion, Sotomayor wrote, will have dramatic ramifications for law-abiding citizens targeted by police, especially minorities.  It is no secret that people of color are disproportionate victims of this type of scrutiny,  she wrote.  For generations, black and brown parents have given their children  the talk    instructing them never to run down the street; always keep your hands where they can be seen; do not even think of talking back to a stranger   all out of fear of how an officer with a gun will react to them.  By legitimizing the conduct that produces this double consciousness, this case tells everyone, white and black, guilty and innocent, that an officer can verify your legal status at any time,  she added.  It says that your body is subject to invasion while courts excuse the violation of your rights. It implies that you are not a citizen of a democracy but the subject of a carceral state, just waiting to be cataloged. With four major decisions due in the next week, including cases on affirmative action, abortion and immigration, Sotomayor s anger signals that what has been a quiet term since the death of Justice Antonin Scalia could get increasingly contentious. Whether born from experience or inherent physiological or cultural differences,  she said, for jurists who are women and nonwhite,  our gender and national origins may and will make a difference in our judging. Via: CNN",0
20390,ACTOR VINCE VAUGHN DESTROYS The Left With AWESOME Statement On Gun Rights,"Boom! Just when you think there isn t a sane person left in Hollywood, actor Vince Vaughn comes out with this brilliant statement on guns. Enjoy! ",0
20391,WOW! BILL AND HILLARY Called Jesse Jackson ‘That G**damned n****r’ Behind His Back,"Dolly Kyle has written a scathing  tell all  book exposing the sickening hidden truth about Bill and Hillary Clinton. Hillary s war on just about anyone who is beneath her, or who would dare to get in the way of her ascent to the White House. When will the media do their job and report the truth about this horrible opportunist?Dolly Kyle   who was just 11 when she first crossed paths with Bill, dated him through high school and began sleeping with him once they graduated   published the claims about the Clinton couple s racial epithets and politics in her new book, Hillary: The Other Woman, published by WND Books.Bill and Hillary Clinton profess to have always been supporters of racial equality, but anecdotes published in a new book by his ex-lover claim otherwise.Bill was also sued several times by blacks and Hispanics for violations of the 1965 Voting Rights Act.Behind the Reverend Jesse Jackson s back, the Clinton duo called him,  That G**damned n****r .Dolly claims the couple used the same insult toward Robert  Say  McIntosh, one of the leading African-American activists in Little Rock, Arkansas when Bill was governor. McIntosh was dogging Clinton about ongoing relationships with black prostitutes, q charge, she says, Bill never denied.Clinton never denied stories that he was having an ongoing relationship with one black prostitute as well as her friends. He did deny a rumor that he had fathered a child with a black prostitute while governor and took a DNA test that was reported as negative.Rumors of the trysts throughout Little Rock and were aided by  one prominent black female newscaster who used to brag openly around the television station about her relationship with the governor, although they were  only  indulging in oral sex .Bill Clinton and Dolly grew up with Jim Crow laws in place in the plantation mentality of the South and they were in full force during the 1950s and  60s.It was a segregated society in Hot Springs at that time. Black and white students went to different schools. In the movie theaters, black people had to watch the movie from a balcony, use separate bathrooms and water fountains. Signs that separated  WHITES  and  COLORED  were deadly serious and always enforced , Dolly writes.In Arkansas, everyone had to pay a $2 poll tax to vote, and the cost was a huge sum for many black people.The black vote was further diluted by  gerrymandering, a wide-spread practice of dividing electoral districts along racial lines to dilute the black vote .Not one black was voted into the Arkansas legislation in hundreds of elections.In the 1980s, Clinton was sued several times by blacks and Hispanics for violations of the 1965 Voting Rights Act and he lost every case.The district lines were redrawn under court order.Ben McGee was a black Democrat was elected to the state legislature in 1988. Clinton tried to replace McGee with a white Democrat of his choice, claims Dolly.The case went all the way to the Supreme Court was ruled 8-0 against Clinton and the Arkansas officials who challenged McGee s election.In the 1980s, Hispanics were moving into Arkansas in greater numbers and Clinton began racial profiling against Hispanics, she claims.He instituted the racial profiling program three years after his brother, Roger Clinton went to prison in 1985 for dealing cocaine. The program was initially part of his anti-drug program, although Roger s drug suppliers and buyers were white. For no good reason, Bill and Hillary decided to profile Hispanics as drug dealers,  Dolly writes.State troopers now had the authority to stop and search any vehicle remotely suspect of carrying drugs. Specifically, the troopers were to stop and search cars driven by Hispanics, especially those cars with Texas license plates. Clinton was sued in federal court for his Criminal Apprehension Program that was ruled unconstitutional. Billy threw one of his infamous temper tantrums about the ban on his racial profiling of Hispanics and he threatened to renew the racial profiling program in spite of the court s ruling , Dolly reports. Via: Daily Mail ",0
20392,"MEDIA FOCUSES ON CROOKED GRANNY…As Chelsea Gives Birth To Campaign Baby In $1,700/Night Maternity Ward…But Where Are Chelsea’s In-Laws?","As anyone who remotely follows the news knows, media whore Hillary has been dying for a reason to appear in photos unrelated to a story about her criminal activities. True to form, Hillary capitalizes on the birth of Chelsea s campaign baby by standing alone and waving to the crowd how very  grandmotherly .You won t see the other set of grandparents in any pictures however, as the royal Clinton family has banned their son-in-laws family from appearing in any pictures with them Chelsea Clinton has emerged from hospital for the first time with her newborn son Aidan.The former First Daughter beamed at cameras on the steps of New York s Lenox Hill Hospital on Monday, flanked by her husband Marc Mezvinsky and parents Bill and Hillary Clinton.Despite the soaring temperatures, Hillary wore a button-down coat, while Chelsea opted for a floral mini-dress.Aidan, Chelsea s second child with husband Marc Mezvinsky, was born on Saturday in the $1,700-a-night maternity ward.- DMWho is Chelsea Clinton s father-in-law and why are he and his wife banned from appearing in pictures with Crooked Queen Hillary and her sexual predator husband? Edward Maurice  Ed  Mezvinsky, Chelsea Clinton s father-in-law and her daughter s grandfather, is a convicted Felon. The former Democrat Congressman from Iowa s 1st Congressional District in the United States House of Representatives, served two terms, from 1973 to 1977.Ed Mezvinsky has known Hillary Clinton since the days when he served on the House Judiciary Committee that decided the fate of President Richard Nixon. This harsh critic of President Richard Nixon, had called Nixon  a crook  and  a disgrace to politics and the nation , and called for Nixon s impeachment.But, did you ever wonder who that allusive  Nigerian Prince  is who might be sending you those emails looking for money? Look no farther than the Clinton Family Tree.Through a series of Nigerian email scams and Ponzi schemes, Ed Mezvinsky, Chelsea Clinton s father-in-law embezzled more than $10 million dollars. In 2001, Ed Mezvinsky was convicted of 31 (out of 69!) charges of fraud, and served five years in federal prison. His fraud charges included bank, mail, wire, as well as other offenses involving financing bogus oil development and other trade deals in Africa.But don t think Ed doesn t keep it in the family. In addition to his law clients and friends, he even bilked his own (now deceased) mother-in-law out of money. To date in 2015, the Fraudster still owes over $9.4 million in restitution to his victims.A lot of political pundits have made allusions to the fact that the Clintons  and the Mezvinkys  behaviors are so similar, that it is what bonded the two. Be that as it may, the Clintons go to great lengths to never, ever, be seen or photographed with any of Chelsea s in-laws. So afraid is the Clinton Dynasty of being tarnished by the Mezvinkys that neither Ed nor his second wife and Marc s mother, Marjorie Sue Margolies-Mezvinsky, were allowed in any of Chelsea s wedding pictures. Conservative America ",0
20393,HILLARY ON DISABLED CHILDREN During Easter Egg Hunt: “When are they going to get those f*****g ree-tards out of here?”,"Dolly Kyle has written a scathing  tell all  book exposing the sickening hidden truth about Bill and Hillary Clinton. Hillary s war on just about anyone who is beneath her, or who would dare to get in the way of her ascent to the White House. When will the media do their job and report the truth about this horrible opportunist?Dolly Kyle   who was just 11 when she first crossed paths with Bill, dated him through high school and began sleeping with him once they graduated   published the claims about the Clinton couple s racial epithets and politics in her new book, Hillary: The Other Woman, published by WND Books.She writes of one occasion, when developmentally challenged children were having difficulty picking up the eggs at a traditional Easter egg hunt on the grounds of the governor s mansion during Bill s tenure in the Arkansas state house.Reluctant hostess Hillary had enough. The frustrated Me-First Lady demanded,  When are they going to get those f*****g ree-tards out of here?  Dolly writes.When Hillary arrived in Arkansas, Dolly writes, she looked down her nose at what she viewed as  ignorant hillbillies .She was raised in a middle-class suburb in Illinois and considered herself above the southerners   unless she was campaigning in New York state where she declared herself to be a lifelong Yankees fan.Hillary didn t belong in Arkansas but here she was .In the governor s mansion for eight years, Bill and Hillary were both getting tired of the routine and frustrations of the small Southern state and Bill opted out of running for reelection in 1990.He was marking his time until he could make a move for the White House. Via: Daily Mail",0
20394,CLASSIC! COLLEGE SNOWFLAKE Demolished By The GREAT Andrew Breitbart [VIDEO], ,0
20395,WATCH: CHEROKEE PEOPLE Express Disgust Over “Lying” Elizabeth Warren Faking “Native American Heritage” To Get Prestigious Law Professor Job,"Oh look Hillary s considering a lying, opportunist, Democrat politician with a vagina as her running mate. It all makes perfect sense if you consider that Hillary s thinking ahead, and that if anything happened to her she wants to make sure she has someone with the same morals and ethics to fill her corrupt shoes In Warren s book  A Fighting Chance,  Massachusetts Democratic senator and potential vice presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren attempts to rewrite history regarding the controversy surrounding her  Native American  ancestry that emerged in the 2012 Senate campaign. What s remarkable is that, at least in the initial book reviews, the press largely allows her to get away with it. In fact, it s virtually ignored that to this day Warren still refuses to release any law school records that may shed light on this controversy.To be fair, most reviews note that Warren has never substantiated her claims of Native American heritage, which is true. The larger and unaddressed issue, however, is whether or not Warren falsely claimed minority status in order to gain an unfair advantage in her academic career. This was a question that was unresolved at the end of the 2012 campaign and it remains unresolved with the publication of Warren s book.Watch Cherokee people from ND tell how they feel about Lying Elizabeth using phony  Native American  status to gain an advantage in obtaining a job:First, what s perhaps most notable about Warren s book is that she even includes a section called  Native American,  in which she reportedly writes,  Everyone on our mother s side   aunts, uncles, and grandparents   talked openly about their Native American ancestry. My brothers and I grew up on stories about our grandfather building one-room schoolhouses and about our grandparents  courtship and their early lives together in Indian Territory. This is ironic because, until the Boston Herald first broke the news in April 2012 that Harvard Law School had repeatedly promoted Warren as a Native American faculty member, Warren never once mentioned these stories of her upbringing in a single press interview, speech, class lecture or testimony at any point, ever, in her decades-long career. What s more, Warren was not listed as a minority on her transcript from George Washington University where she began her undergraduate education, nor did she list herself as a minority when applying to Rutgers University Law School in 1973.In fact, it was not until she was in her 30s and focused on climbing the highly competitive ladder of law school academia that Warren apparently rediscovered her Native American heritage. It s important to note that entrance and advancement in the law school profession is governed by the Association of American Law Schools, which requires registrants interested in teaching at law schools to fill out a questionnaire detailing their education, experience, bar passage and, yes, ethnicity. This information is then disseminated to law schools around the country that, as Warren surely knew, are always on the lookout to add to the diversity of their faculty.A copy of Warren s questionnaire currently resides in the Association of American Law Schools archives at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. However, only Warren herself has the authority to release the complete copy of her questionnaire and to date, she has refused to do so.Watch Warren stonewalling the press over her phony  Native American  status and double down on her refusal to clear the record and release the copy of her questionnaire: Her opposition to such transparency can perhaps be understood in the documented fact that in the years thereafter, starting in 1986, Warren began self-reporting herself as a  minority professor  in the Association of American Law Schools staff directory that lists all law school professors around the country. As the former association chairman told the Boston Herald, the directory once served a tip sheet for law school administrators, in the pre-Internet days, who were looking to identify and recruit minority professors.Remarkably, Warren s explanation to the Boston Herald was that she listed herself as a minority in the hopes that she would be invited to a luncheon so she could meet  people who are like I am  and she stopped checking the box when that didn t happen. Perhaps it  didn t happen  because at no point, at any of the schools she attended or worked at, is there any evidence that Warren ever joined any Native American organizations on campus or in any way interacted with anyone in the Native American community.That did not however, stop Warren from continuing to self-report as a Native American minority. The New York Times reported in May 2012 that Warren was listed as a minority recipient of a teaching award years earlier at the University of Pennsylvania where she had advanced after teaching at several non-Ivy League law schools. Notably, Penn declined to explain to the Times why Warren was listed as a minority.From Penn, Warren moved on to Harvard Law School, where her Native American heritage was touted in multiple articles, including a Fordham Law Review piece that lauded her as Harvard Law s   first woman of color.  Even as recently as 2011, it appears Warren was listed as the lone Native American faculty member on the school s 2011  diversity report,  though like Penn, Harvard also refused to comment.Yet, when the Herald first broke the story in April 2012, Warren claimed she  had no idea  that Harvard had touted her Native American status and claimed she did not  recall  ever citing her Native American heritage when applying for a job. In the months afterward, Warren ducked, dodged and stonewalled subsequent questions, eventually wearing-out the press, and succeeded in winning an election without ever releasing any records that might substantiate those claims.Whether Warren falsely claimed to be a minority in order to game the system and advance her career is a question that goes to the heart of her honesty and integrity. It s also a question that will confront her if she ever seeks higher office. Via: US News",0
20396,FATHERS OF SONS MURDERED By Illegal Aliens Have Brutal FATHER’S DAY Message For Paul Ryan,"US Citizens should never have to beg members of Congress to put the safety and security of their families before the donors who support their campaigns. The fact that Congress has allowed our current illegal crisis to spin this far out of control is unforgivable. Border Agents who spend years training to apprehend illegal aliens who cross our borders are not only being told to stand down by the Obama regime, they are also being asked to stand by and watch these aliens being transported to cities across America in a coordinated effort to populate red states with Democrat voters. This Father s Day, fathers whose sons were murdered by illegal aliens are calling on House Speaker Paul Ryan to resign   describing his policies as  treasonous  and taking particular objection to Ryan s recent attempts to undermine Donald Trump s proposals to enforce U.S. immigration law. I would invite Speaker Ryan to forsake spending Father s Day with his kids to come down here to Houston and visit the place I will spend every Father s Day for the rest of my life  my American son s grave. This way Speaker Ryan can see first hand what pandering to the cheap illegal labor lobby means to Americans who can t afford to put a security fence up around their house,  said Dan Golvach.Golvach s 25-year-old son, Spencer, was murdered by an illegal alien. Spencer was shot in the head while stopped at a red light. The best thing Ryan could do to protect his family from what my family is experiencing is resign today!  Golvach added.  His policies are not only treasonous to us, they are also treasonous to any American that ever happens to be sitting at a red light like Spencer was. This wasn t Syria or Iraq. It was the neighborhood I grew up in. Do your kids ever sit at red lights, Mr. Speaker? Billy Inman, whose 16-year-old son was murdered by an illegal alien, said that it was a  disgrace  for Paul Ryan to suggest that he may sue a President Trump for using executive authority to pause Muslim migration. He s more upset with Trump than he is about what happened to our families,  Inman said.  If Ryan sues Trump on the Muslim ban, we could sue him and most of our elected officials for not stopping illegal aliens from crossing the southern border. In addition to Father s Day, this week marks the 16th anniversary of the death of Inman s child. Inman s 16-year-old son Dustin was murdered while he and his family were on their way to celebrate an early Father s Day family fishing trip. An illegal alien rear-ended the family s vehicle at over 60 mph. Dustin s parents, Billy and Kathy, were both knocked unconscious. They were unable to attend their son s funeral because they were in accident-induced comas for weeks after their son s death.Dustin s killer remains at large today.Inman sees it as symbolic that Donald Trump   the first national politician to make their family feel heard   launched his presidential campaign on the same day Inman lost his son fifteen years ago. I d like for Ryan to try wearing my shoes for a week. I don t think he d make it a day,  Inman said while discussing the anguish he and his wife go through daily. Ryan is just one of Obama s puppets. I don t consider him a Republican,  said George Wilkerson, whose 18-year-old son Joshua was tied up, beaten, strangled, set on fire, and tortured to death by his illegal alien classmate while he was on his way home from school.Wilkerson described Ryan s policies as  treasonous  and voiced his own frustrations about Ryan s tone:His tone is totally against Americans as far as I m concerned. He s been paid by the taxpayers, but he hasn t done anything for them. He s been there for two decades. He s not doing his job. He s not looking out for Americans. He s doing more for foreign citizens than he is for his own American citizens.Addressing Ryan s recent denunciations of Trump s immigration proposals, Wilkerson said,  Ryan doesn t speak for me. He hasn t done anything to help us. By contrast, Wilkerson said that Trump has helped his family, but that  it s starting to get harder when you have people like Ryan standing up and telling the American public that Trump is wrong on this issue. Paul Ryan has a two-decade history of pushing open borders immigration policies and fighting to maintain illegal immigrants  access to benefits paid for by U.S. taxpayers. Ryan s 2015 omnibus spending bill fully funded sanctuary cities; and earlier this week, Ryan seemed to suggest that the reason the House has not pushed Kate s Law   named for Kate Steinle   is because he s opposed to  clogging up our jails  with illegal alien drunk drivers. Ryan s immigration agenda that caters to his GOP donors, who benefit from illegals being here, is totally wrong,  Wilkerson said.  We re in tough times. For him to sit there and not be for Americans and for America is absurd  I m supporting Paul Nehlen. Absolutely, I want Paul Nehlen to take Paul Ryan s place . We need more people like Nehlen.  Via: Breitbart News",0
20397,[VIDEO] HOLLYWOOD ACTOR Scott Baio FED UP With Obama: “He’s a Muslim or a Muslim sympathizer”,"I don t think there are too many people who would disagree with that sentiment, given Obama s obvious desire to make Americans believe Islam has nothing to do with Islamic terror.  In the wake of yet another attack on American soil by a radicalized Muslin gunman, actor Scott Baio questioned whether President Barack Obama wants to  eliminate the United States as it was created. Appearing on Fox Business, the former  Happy Days  star was asked if the president is reluctant to say  Islamic terror. He s absolutely reluctant,  Baio replied.  I can t tell, Lester, if he s dumb, he s a Muslim or he s a Muslim sympathizer. And I don t think he s dumb. WATCH here:Baio, an ardent supporter of Donald Trump, was asked to explain Obama s actions. I have no idea,  the actor replied.  Like I said, either he s a sympathizer, a Muslim sympathizer or he s a Muslim to allow this to keep happening. He insisted that Trump is the only person who wants to do something about these attacks by Islamic extremists.Borrowing from Obama s 2008 promise of  fundamentally transforming the United States of America,  Baio speculated on what may be the  end game  for liberals like Obama and Hillary Clinton. Is it to totally eliminate the United States as it was created and founded and the way it is now?  he asked.The actor went on to say he is  baffled  by the inaction from Obama and Clinton, saying  the only time they get angry is at Republicans.  Via: Biz Pac Review ",0
20398,BOOM! Dodgers Baseball Radio Legend Drops A Mid-Game Rant On Socialism [Video],"This is totally out of left field! Vin Scully goes off on the evils of socialism-epic! Vin Scully has strong feelings on socialism pic.twitter.com/7XEnF56EOy  Timothy Burke (@bubbaprog) June 18, 2016 ",0
20399,WATCH: GAY MAN AND FORMER LIBERAL Makes Riveting YouTube Video Urging Americans To Vote For Trump: “Muslim Countries Execute Gays…That’s Not Radical…That’s Common Law”," Hillary s going to make make our borders less secure. She s going to take away our ability to defend ourselves It s RADICAL ISLAM Obama SAY IT! A gay man has made a riveting Youtube video urging the gay community to vote for Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton in the aftermath of the Orlando nightclub terrorist attack by an Islamic State sympathizer. The Sleeping Giant,  a Youtube user who describes himself a  disaffected former liberal who just so happens to be gay,  made an emotional appeal for Trump in the video:Hillary Clinton is up there talking about guns. And I just wanted to pull my hair out of my head in frustration because this isn t about guns. If he [Omar Mateen] didn t have a gun then maybe it would have been a bomb. It could have been arson. It could have been any number of tools to kill people because it s not about the tool. It s about terrorism. It s about radical Islam. And we need to say it. Because if we can t even say it then how are we going to fight it?In November, we have two options. You may not like either of them. A lot of people don t. You have Hillary Clinton and you have Donald Trump. And all I can say right now is that Hillary Clinton is politicizing this and talking about gun control. And Donald Trump, for all his faults, has the courage to stand up and call it what it is. Radical Islam. It is terrorism. They re killing us, you guys. They re killing us.I want him to fight them. I want them to pay. And I m not ashamed to say it that I want revenge.Via: Breitbart News ",0
20400,LOL! CONSERVATIVE COMEDIAN Steven Crowder Makes Video You Don’t Want To Miss: “Painting Muhammad With Bob Ross”,"Hysterical! As always, conservative comedian Steven Crowder nails it with this one ",0
20401,BUSTED! Main Political “Fact” Checker For SNOPES Is FINALLY EXPOSED As Liberal Hack,"Wait until you read this woman s biography and past quotes about conservatives! Popular myth-busting website Snopes originally gained recognition for being the go-to site for disproving outlandish urban legends -such as the presence of UFOs in Haiti or the existence of human-animal hybrids in the Amazon jungle.Recently, however, the site has tried to pose as a political fact-checker. But Snopes   fact-checking  looks more like playing defense for prominent Democrats like Hillary Clinton and it s political  fact-checker  describes herself as a liberal and has called Republicans  regressive  and afraid of  female agency. Snopes  main political fact-checker is a writer named Kim Lacapria. Before writing for Snopes, Lacapria wrote for Inquisitr, a blog that   oddly enough   is known for publishing fake quotes and even downright hoaxes as much as anything else.While at Inquisitr, the future  fact-checker  consistently displayed clear partisanship.She described herself as  openly left-leaning  and a liberal. She trashed the Tea Party as  teahadists.  She called Bill Clinton  one of our greatest  presidents. She claimed that conservatives only criticized Lena Dunham s comparison of voting to sex because they  fear female agency. She once wrote:  Like many GOP ideas about the poor, the panic about using food stamps for alcohol, pornography or guns seems to have been cut from whole cloth or more likely, the ideas many have about the fantasy of poverty.  (A simple fact-check would show that food stamp fraud does occur and costs taxpayers tens of millions.)Lacapria even accused the Bush administration of being  at least guilty of criminal negligience  in the September 11 attacks. (The future  fact-checker  offered no evidence to support her accusation.)Her columns apparently failed to impress her readership, oftentimes failing to get more than 10-20 shares.After blogging the Inquisitr, Lacapria joined Snopes, where she regularly plays defense for her fellow liberals.She wrote a  fact check  article about Jimmy Carter s unilateral ban of Iranian nationals from entering the country that looks more like an opinion column arguing against Donald Trump s proposed Muslim ban.Similarly, Lacapria   in another  fact check  article   argued Hillary Clinton hadn t included Benghazi at all in her infamous  we didn t lose a single person in Libya  gaffe. Lacapria claimed Clinton only meant to refer to the 2011 invasion of Libya (but not the 2012 Benghazi attack) but offered little fact-based evidence to support her claim.After the Orlando terror attack, Lacapria claimed that just because Omar Mateen was a registered Democrat with an active voter registration status didn t mean he was actually a Democrat. Her  fact check  argued that he might  have chosen a random political affiliation when he initially registered. Lacapria even tried to contradict the former Facebook workers who admitted that Facebook regularly censors conservative news, dismissing the news as  rumors. In that  fact check  article, Lacapria argued that  Facebook Trending s blacklisting of  junk topics  was not only not a scandalous development, but to be expected following the social network s crackdown on fake news sites.  The opinion-heavy article was mockingly titled: The Algorithm Is Gonna Get You.Lacapria again played defense for Clinton in a fact check article when she claimed:  Outrage over an expensive Armani jacket worn by Hillary Clinton was peppered with inaccurate details. One of the  inaccurate details  cited by Lacapria was that,  The cost of men s suits worn by fellow politicians didn t appear in the article for contrast.  She also argued the speech Clinton gave while wearing the $12,495 jacket, which discussed  raising wages and reducing inequality,  wasn t actually about income inequality.Read more: Daily Caller",0
20402,FRIGHTENING POWER OF THE PRESS: You Won’t Believe What 41% Of Americans Are Calling Orlando Terror Attack,"Remember when the press used to actually report the news? Today they are nothing more than a mouthpiece for the Obama administration and Democrat party. There isn t a radical agenda this  President  and his regime want pushed that s off limits for today s mainstream media. So you have an Islamic terrorist who even in 2001 as a teenager was cheering the 9/11 attack. He cased different targets, including Disney World (happy, but not a  gay  target) and prepared for the attack apparently for quite some time. He listened to Anwar al Awlaki videos, and has connection to radicals like American suicide Moner Abu Salha. He makes comments to coworkers about his connections to terrorists that spark them to call the FBI. During the attack, he calls media, says he s doing it because of ISIS, tells the victims that s why he s doing it, tells the police that s why he s doing it. He also tells victims he s doing it because the  US bombing of my country'[Afghanistan, he was born in NY but apparently self-identified as Afghan]. ISIS claims the attack and calls him a  soldier of the caliphate .The police never say it s Islamic terrorism, and they immediately said the morning after,  there are leanings in that direction . They have reported the connections to radicals and are still looking at all the connections now.But it s  domestic gun violence  to these people?Check out the poll below:Why? Because of the media narrative and politicians like Obama and Clinton pushing it.At least 48% (translate Republicans and people with sense) get it.Via: Weasel Zippers",0
20403,WHY OBAMA AND MUSLIM CIA DIRECTOR BRENNAN Have Opposing Views Of ISIS [Video],"Catherine Herridge is one of the best reporters on foreign policy and terrorism. She weighs in on the two opposing views within the Obama administration on ISIS. Last, week Obama and CIA Director Brennan had two different takes on our progress fighting ISIS. Here s the scoop: ",0
20404,BREAKING: SOCIALIST BRAZIL Declares FINANCIAL DISASTER Less Than 2 Months Before Start Of Olympics,"Corruption and socialism go hand in hand Brazil is no exception!Here s the backstory on the corrupt Brazillian President and how she drained the coffers. It hasn t helped that the lower oil prices have devastated Brazil s economy:The impeachment of Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff is about more than cooking the books to hide election-year spending or looting the state-owned oil company for her campaigns and cronies. What s really on trial are Rousseff s socialist policies.Those policies drove up deficits to win votes, bet too heavily on exports to China and not only failed to retool the world s ninth-largest economy to compete in the world but drove it into a recession.Rousseff was first elected in 2010 on the coattails of her mentor Luiz In cio  Lula  da Silva   a leftist labor leader who exceeded expectations as president from 2003-2011. Da Silva benefited from the windfall of revenue from exports of oil, natural gas, minerals and agriculture goods   which convinced him that his bloated anti-poverty programs were sustainable.Unfortunately, both da Silva and Rousseff ignored the dire need to improve education, reform tangled tax codes, fix stifling labor laws, invest in infrastructure or make it easier to create or operate a business. Read more: NYPFAST FORWARD TO TODAY:RIO DE JANEIRO (AP)   The acting governor of Rio de Janeiro state has declared a state of financial disaster so he has more leeway to manage the state s scarce resources less than two months Brazil hosts the Olympic Games.Francisco Dornelles announced the decision on Friday. It will allow Rio s state government to change its budgetary priorities without disrespecting Brazil s fiscal laws.The move will let Dornelles adopt exceptional measures to pay costs related to the Games as the state grapples with the country s economic recession.The 2016 Summer Olympic Games will be held in Rio de Janeiro on Aug. 5-21.Dornelles  office said in a statement that the decision was made because a dip in revenues from taxes and oil royalties was  stopping the state of Rio de Janeiro from honoring its commitment to the organization of the Olympic and Paralympic Games. The financial crisis has brought several difficulties in essential public services and it could cause the total collapse of public security, health care, education, urban mobility and environmental management,  the statement said.Rio s state government is in such dire straits that two of its hospitals were taken over by the Rio de Janeiro city government to allow doctors to keep receiving their paychecks. Some police stations are so underfunded that they have asked neighbors to donate basic items like toilet paper. Public workers and retirees have suffered months-long delays in receiving their money.Read more: Yahoo News ",0
20405,ARIZONA BIKERS ARE ABOUT To Become Violent “Dreamers” Worst Nightmare At Upcoming Phoenix Trump Rally," The Left has been itching for a fight the only problem is, they ve been itching for a fight against Trump supporters who re outnumbered so they can t fight back. They may be biting off a bit more than they can chew this time around A group of bikers said it plans to protect supporters from possible violence at a Donald Trump rally scheduled to be held in Phoenix on Saturday. We re going to stand between them and any protesters that come onto the property and hopefully protect them from any bodily harm, should it get to that point,  Cindy Perrin with Lions Guard Arizona said.The rally is expected to begin Saturday about 4 p.m. at the Veterans Memorial Coliseum on the Arizona State Fairgrounds near 19th Avenue and McDowell Road.The protest will be held at nearby Encanto Park from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.Perrin said the biker group, made up mostly of retired police officers, such as herself, and veterans, will be wearing American flag bandanas so they are easy to identify. If they have any problems, they ll be able to locate us and ask us for help,  she said.Perrin said her group is not expecting things to take a violent turn outside of Trump s rally, unlike several events the presumptive Republican presidential nominee hosted in California. We re not expecting it to get to that point in Arizona,  she said.The bikers will not be the only group attempting to keep things calm on Saturday. Arizona Department of Public Safety Capt. Damon Cecil said his organization has reached out to groups both for and against Trump. Most of those groups   not all, but most of those groups   we have talked to their leadership and got assurances their protests were going to be peaceful,  he said.Protest organizers are also hoping things remain civil. My message to the folks that want to protest is: You know what? Why don t you pick up a clipboard, let s get some voter registrations and get some more families registered to vote who will vote against Trump come November,  Tony Navarette with Promise Arizona said.DREAM Act advocate Carmen Cornejo said protesters who act violently are doing nothing more than falling into line with Trump s rhetoric. I invite all young people to not react with violence to the provocations and the incendiary comments of Mr. Trump,  she said. Via: KTAR",0
20406,PAUL RYAN IGNORES EXECUTIVE ORDERS OBAMA… SAYS He’ll Sue Trump Over Muslim Ban,"Paul Ryan has had almost 8 years to lead the charge to impeach Obama for his unlawful, unconstitutional acts against America. Where was all of the tough talk from Ryan when Obama was shoving Obamacare down our throats? House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) has made clear he doesn t agree with a proposal put forward by Donald Trump   whom Ryan has endorsed   to ban Muslim immigration into the United States, but in an interview with the Huffington Post Thursday, Ryan floated taking a President Trump to court if he tried to implement such a ban or some of his other controversial proposals unilaterally. I would sue any president that exceeds his or her powers,  Ryan said in a back-and-forth about Trump s claims that he could implement a Muslim ban or build a Mexican border wall without congressional approval.REALLY Paul? Where have you been for the past year?Ryan said he wasn t sure of the  legal question  of whether Trump could institute a Muslim ban on his own as president. That s a legal question that there s a good debate about,  he said, citing the 1952 Immigration and Nationality Act. On the broader question, are we going to exert our Article I powers and reclaim this Article I power no matter who the president is? Absolutely,  Ryan said. He also said he discussed the limits of the executive power with Trump.In the interview, Ryan said his endorsement of real estate mogul did not give Trump  a blank check,  and that he was still trying to achieve  real unity  between the presumptive nominee and his caucus. I am going to keep being who I am, I am going to keep speaking out on things where I think it s needed, where our principles need to be defended, and I am going to keep doing that, I hope it s not necessary,  Ryan said.  But the last thing I want to see is a another Democrat in the White House  Via: Talking Points Memo",0
20407,FLORIDA GOVERNOR GOES OFF ON OBAMA: “The Second Amendment Didn’t Kill Any Of These Individuals…Radical Islam Killed Them” [VIDEO],"Florida Governor Rick Scott is not holding anything back. He is angry that Obama has made the Second Amendment the enemy while ignoring ISIS. We need a President who says my number one job right now is, on top of turning the economy around is to destroy ISIS. ",0
20408,BREAKING: GUN STORE OWNER Claims He DID Report Florida Terrorist To FBI Weeks Before Massacre,"If you see something say something and maybe, if the FBI isn t too busy spending all of their time and resources investigating a presidential candidate who should already be in jail, they ll do something about it A gun store owner reported Orlando shooter Omar Mateen to authorities weeks before he committed the worst mass shooting in US history.Robbie Abell, co-owner of Lotus Gunworks, told the Wall Street Journal Mateen came into the store in South Florida in May and asked for heavy-duty body armor like the kind used by law enforcement.Staff at the store, which does not sell body armor, felt it was a strange demand.After his request was denied, Mateen asked to buy bulk ammunition.Though Lotus does sell ammunition, staff shut down his request and refused to sell him anything else.They subsequently reported the incident to the FBI, Abell said. Mateen had already been investigated by the FBI years before. But even after Abell s report, the 29-year-old self-radicalized gunman obtained an AR-15 and a semiautomatic pistol from another store in the area, bought stacks of ammunition, then opened fire on Pulse nightclub, where he killed 49 people and wounded 53.The store s owner Robbie Abell told the Journal:  The questions he was asking were not the normal questions a normal person would be asking He just seemed very odd.  Abell also said Mateen was speaking to someone on the phone in Arabic and was walking around the store texting.He added that staff were on high alert since authorities has recently warned them to look out for suspicious activity in the area.Abell did not specify which authorities gave this warning. Port St Lucie police said they did not receive a report about Mateen s suspicious behavior.The FBI has yet to comment.Once it emerged that Mateen was the perpetrator of the worst mass shooting in history, Abell said, Lotus staff instantly recognized him and reported their experience to the FBI.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
20409,OBAMA COMMENCEMENT SPEECH To Black Graduates: You’re Just Lucky,"Because  getting something for nothing  is all the rage with this President and the professors who spew this type of garbage to our children Earning a living is a totally foreign concept to this generation that is being taught it s better to receive than to give of one s self BEGIN TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Did you hear what Obama said? This happened when I was away. When this happened, when I heard about this, I almost got on the plane and flew 12 hours back here. I could have done it on the phone but I don t trust it.Obama in his commencement speech at Howard University, do you remember what he said? Here s what he said to the class of 2016 at Howard University:  Yes, you ve worked hard, but you ve also been lucky,  and that s a pet peeve of mine.  People have been successful and don t realize they ve been lucky, that God may have blessed them. It wasn t nothing you did!  Quote/unquote, Barack Obama, right out of the Elizabeth Warren playbook.  Hey, you didn t build that!  which Obama also has said.Can you imagine telling college graduates,  You ve worked hard, but you ve been lucky, and so s every other successful person out there. They ve been lucky, and they don t realize it. Wasn t [any]thing you did.  And that   Nothing.  Nothing. And that is how they lay the case for Big Government. To redistribute, to make things  fair,  to determine equality of outcomes, because it s just luck.Dick Gephardt,  the successful are winners of life s lottery.  I ll tell you, the American left, progressives, Democrats, are the greatest enemies of human greatness that we have to deal with. They really stand in the way of individual, group, whatever, human greatness, by disparaging it, by impugning it, by denying it. It s bad enough you think it, but to run around and send college graduates from a black university out into the world thinking that what they ve just accomplished was luck? (sigh) That s the kind of thing, you know, you walk out of a speech, people saying things like that. Via: Rushlimbaugh.com",0
20410,WHOA! PAUL RYAN JUST LIED TO O’REILLY About Bill House Passed To Pause Somali Refugee Program [VIDEO],"And people wonder why American voters are flocking to Trump like flies on cow-pies In a Wednesday interview with Fox News s Bill O Reilly, House Speaker Paul Ryan made a demonstrably false declaration about his efforts to pause the Somali refugee program. During the interview, O Reilly criticized Ryan for failing to message on immigration controls and asked Ryan specifically about the Somali refugee crisis in Minnesota.O Reilly:  We have a Somali problem up in Minneapolis-St. Paul. [We] have a problem there and those are refugees from Somalia. And if, God forbid, some refugee comes in and blows people up, it s going to be grisly. Watch here:https://youtu.be/UBo5DG9Twp4Ryan replied by explaining that he passed a bill to pause the refugee program. Ryan said:  Right. Right. That s why  just so you know that s why we passed a bill pausing this refugee program, because we don t think the refugee program works. That s why we don t want it to continue right now. However, Ryan did no such thing. The bill Ryan championed did not in any way pause the Somali refugee program  it applied solely to refugees from Syria and Iraq.The House bill would  not have affected the Somali refugee program at all,  said Numbers USA Director of Government Relations Rosemary Jenks.Jenks further noted that,  The bill the House passed would in no way pause the refugee program. They had the option of taking up the Babin bill, which would have paused the refugee program, but they refused to do that  All [the House bill] required was that the government sign off that individuals had been vetted. It didn t even change the fact that we don t have any information by which to vet them. As National Review s Rich Lowry explained at the time, the Ryan-championed House bill  when you get down to it, it doesn t do anything,  Lowry wrote in a piece entitled,  Uh, the House Bill to Pause the Syrian Refugee Program Doesn t Really Pause the Syrian Refugee Program. Hot Air s AllahPundit said that Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein s bill was more substantive than the Ryan-backed bill because it was not strictly limited to refugees from Iraq and Syria:When you compare the House GOP s bill to what Senate Dems are pushing, it s the Democratic bill that s more substantive. Dianne Feinstein wants to add an exception to the current policy of waiving the visa requirement for visitors from France; the exception would require a visa for anyone who s visited Iraq or Syria in the last five years.Reports seem to confirm O Reilly s concerns about assimilation with regards to the Somali population of Minnesota.Last year, filmmaker Ami Horowitz interviewed Muslim residents of the Cedar Riverside section of Minneapolis, many of whom said that they would prefer to live under Sharia law. As CBS has reported,  The Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis is sometimes called  Little Mogadishu  given that it is the  center of the nation s largest concentration of Somalis. CBS notes that the area is also  fertile ground for Islamic terrorist groups recruiting new fighters.  As the Minneapolis Star Tribune has reported, a Congressional report found that  Minnesota leads the nation in would-be ISIL terrorists from U.S. During the last two years, more than 20 Somali-Americans from Minnesota have left to fight alongside terrorists under the banner of ISIL,  a report from 2015 states.A separate report from the Star Tribune writes:No state in the country has provided more fresh young recruits to violent jihadist groups like Al-Shabab and, more recently, the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). Over the last decade, dozens of mostly young men have abandoned the relative comfort and security of life in the Twin Cities to fight and, in many instances, die, in faraway lands  the exodus of local men abroad, its impact on the families and the Twin Cities Somali-American community   the largest in the U.S.   has been profound.During the interview, O Reilly pressed Ryan on his failure to message on immigration controls:  With all due respect, I didn t even know Harry Reid was blocking that bill [on Iraqi and Syrian refugees]. Ya know, you guys got to get out there. And you ve got to bang the drum on this thing. Like him or not, Trump bangs that drum. And you guys don t. I mean, I didn t know until you just told me tonight that Harry Reid who is a villain he blocked Kate s Law, he s trying to block this  You guys should be screaming at the top of your lungs. In response, Ryan laughed and said:  We passed the bill in January. For entire story: Breitbart News",0
20411,"5-STAR MOOCH, HER TAXPAYER FUNDED MOM And Meryl Streep Travel To Africa To Discuss “Gender Inequality”","One of the countries Mooch and her taxpayer funded mom and daughters will be visiting was devastated by Ebola less than two years ago. I m sure the first thing on their minds (after wondering where their next meal will come from or if they ll live past the age of 15 years) is  gender inequality!  Way to waste hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars that could be spent to help unemployed Americans find jobs or to improve the health care for veterans. Actresses Meryl Streep and Frieda Pinto are set to join First Lady Michelle Obama and First Daughters Sasha and Malia Obama for a trip to Liberia and Morocco in late June to promote the White House s  Let Girls Learn  female education initiative. The First Family   who will also be joined by Obama s mother, Mrs. Marian Robinson   will visit Margibi County, Liberia, Marrakech, Morroco and Madrid, Spain from June 27 July 1, according to a White House press release.Pinto, 31, perhaps best known for her role in the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire, will join Michelle Obama at a school in Unification Town in Liberia on June 27 to meet with young girls to discuss the obstacles they face in attaining an education. Pinto will moderate the discussion, and the pair will be joined by Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf.Obama is also scheduled to visit a Peace Corps training facility in Kakata while in Liberia.The following day, Streep will join Obama and Pinto in Morocco for a discussion centered on girls  education moderated by CNN s Isha Sesay. On the final day of the trip, Obama will visit Madrid to deliver a speech highlighting the White House s Let Girls Learn initiative. The First Lady will also meet Queen Letizia while in Spain.According to a rough cost estimate of the trip conducted by the Daily Mail, the First Family s overseas visit could cost as much as $300,000 in taxpayer funds for airfare alone. The outlet reports that the First Lady s plane generally costs $11,684 per hour to operate; with roughly 25 hours of flight time scheduled, the airfare alone could come out to just under $300,000.The Mail notes that the First Lady s 2011 trip to Botswana and South Africa cost $424,142 in travel and plane crew fees.The three-country trip in late June could be Michelle Obama s final overseas trip as First Lady, as President Obama has just seven months left in office.Streep and Michelle Obama have teamed up to discuss gender equality before; in 2015, the pair gave a joint interview to More magazine in which the Oscar-winning actress said that women in America have not yet reached full equality with men.- BreitbartHas anyone else ever noticed how carefully Marian Robinson is covered up in all of the 5-star vacation photos that are taken by the mainstream media? It s almost as if they don t want the American taxpayer to see that we re footing the bill for her to accompany her greedy daughter and ungrateful grandchildren on their 5-star vacations.  Can you spot Granny above? ",0
20412,RACIST OPRAH MAKES SAME MISTAKE…TWICE,"Just remember, the woman who believes Hillary is the best candidate for the job because she has a vagina, is the same person who thought America needed the first Black President to bring us together  Never mind that the only thing keeping Hillary from spending the next two decades in jail is the  first black President  Oprah endorsed 8 years ago.Oprah Winfrey is throwing her support behind Hillary Clinton.Winfrey spoke with ET s Nancy O Dell at the premiere of her new OWN drama, Greenleaf, and the media mogul opened up about the possibility of America electing its first female president. I really believe that is going to happen,  said Winfrey, 62.  It s about time that we make that decision. Regardless of your politics, it s a seminal moment for women,  she continued.  What this says is, there is no ceiling, that ceiling just went boom! It says anything is possible when you can be leader of the free world. I m with her,  Oprah added, touting Clinton s campaign slogan and effectively endorsing the former Secretary of State. Clinton, the presumptive Democratic Party nominee for president, was also recently endorsed by President Barack Obama, who declined to back any candidate until the primaries had ended.   ET",0
20413,EMBARRASSING: Pro-Gun Control Reporter Attempts Hit Job On AR-15’s…Claims He Got “Temporary PTSD”…Viewers Respond: “If you have a man card turn it in immediately” [VIDEO],"What is it about liberal men that makes a woman want to shoot him up with testosterone just to make him tolerable?  Gersh Kuntzman of the New York Daily News has been roundly mocked since the publishing of an article headlined  What is it like to fire an AR-15? It s horrifying, menacing and very very loud. The article also contains a video of Kuntzman shooting the AR-15, a segment put together one day after the Orlando massacre.He described the experience as an  explosion of firepower  that was  humbling and deafening,  but it was a line at the end of the article that people really took issue with. The brass shell casings disoriented me as they flew past my face. The smell of sulfur and destruction made me sick,  he said.  The explosions   loud like a bomb   gave me a temporary case of PTSD. For at least an hour after firing the gun just a few times, I was anxious and irritable. It was the  temporary case of PTSD  that critics found inappropriate and Kuntzman added a note about it after publishing, while linking to a follow-up story showcasing some of the responses he received.Many people have objected to my use of the term  PTSD  in the above story. The use of this term was in no way meant to conflate my very temporary anxiety with the very real condition experienced by many of our brave men and women in uniform. I regret the inarticulate use of the term to describe my in-the-moment impression of the gun s firepower, and apologize for it. I have also posted a follow up piece here.In the follow-up mentioned, which Kuntzman headlined  To gun lovers, you can t even have an opinion on assault rifles   unless it s theirs. Here s the proof,  the writer opened by saying  The gun debate is also a gender war. In all my years in journalism   coming up on 30 (thanks)   I have never received so much angry mail as I did after yesterday s story. Here is a sampling of the  angry mail  he received: Kuntzman is an outright liar. Nice try with an extremely stupid article which only appealed to girly boys and women of NYC and like the sheeple they are probably believed the lies. Hey there Cupcake! I have never subscribed to the idea of  gender confusion,  but after reading your article on the AR-15, I m a believer because there is no way you and I are the same gender. You should surrender your testicles to the Department of Girlymen. I m not sure where it s located, but your girlfriend Barack does! You f king pussy. If you have a man card turn it in immediately. You might be better served writing about feminine hygiene products!!! Maybe you can get some balls through Obamacare! Huntsman said these were only the printable responses he received.Via:Rare.us",0
20414,"#BoycottDisney: DISNEY PUSHES GAY AGENDA On Toddlers, Young Kids…Makes Stingray In New “FINDING DORY” Movie A TRANSGENDER","Disney has officially begun to push a gay agenda on children so young that many of them don t even know there are anatomical differences between themselves and their friends. No matter, Disney apparently has a gay agenda, and no child is too young to start pushing that agenda on our children. Just remember, no one is FORCING you to take your kids to Disney movies or buy their propaganda. A controversy has been brewing for some time now over the sequel to  Frozen  where MTV host, Alexis Isabel started a hashtag campaign: #GiveElsaAGirlfriend asking Disney to make the  Elsa  character a lesbian.Let's trend #GiveElsaAGirlfriend in hopes that @Disney will consider giving queer girls representation in princess form.   Alexis Isabel (@lexi4prez) May 1, 2016Disney/Pixar s upcoming film Finding Dory features a transgender stingray who transitions to become  Sting-Rhonda,  the film s star Ellen DeGeneres revealed in an interview.The sequel to the 2003 smash hit Finding Nemo has already fueled speculation that it will be the first Disney film to feature a lesbian couple, but Degeneres, who voices the titular blue fang fish, told USA Today in an interview that the film will feature a  trans sting. There s a stingray that s becoming sting-Rhonda, so there s a trans sting in the movie,  DeGeneres said.A representative for Pixar didn t immediately return Breitbart News s request for confirmation.In May, eagle-eyed viewers of the Finding Dory trailer speculated that the film would be the first Disney project to feature a lesbian couple, after a blink-and-you ll-miss it shot of what appeared to be two women walking near a baby stroller.The creative team behind the film have not confirmed or denied whether the couple is, in fact, lesbian, and DeGeneres also remained mum on the subject in her interview with USA Today. I don t know if it s true or not or if she just has a bad short haircut, you know?  DeGeneres joked.  Who knows if she s a lesbian. Some fans of other Disney film properties have lobbied the studio to include LGBT characters in its films.There is some recent precedent for gay Disney characters; earlier this year, an episode of ABC s fairy-tale drama Once Upon a Time featured a lesbian true love s kiss between Ruby and the Wizard of Oz s Dorothy.Via: Breitbart News ",0
20415,“MODERATE” MUSLIM SILENCE? Neighbors: “They Kept To Themselves…They Did Not Wear Religious Garb”…PEOPLE WHO KNEW HIM: “He Expressed Support For Terror Groups”,"If the Muslim terrorist who killed 49 people and wounded several others in a gay nightclub in Orlando had been scouting out Disneyworld and other possible soft targets in the Orlando area, why is this the first time we are hearing about it? Did his Muslim wife have her mouth taped shut? If friends are now coming forward to tell authorities that the Ft. Pierce terrorist had expressed support for terror groups, why didn t they contact the FBI before he committed a horrific  act of terror in America?  And finally, if the Ft. Pierce terrorist, who was clearly making incendiary statements, was visiting nations who fund the campaigns of United States Presidential candidates like Hillary Clinton, and have a history of supporting terror groups, should the FBI be held accountable, or should every US citizen demand the people who knew he posed a danger, but kept silent be held accountable?  Meanwhile, Barack Hussein Obama blames America and uses this horrific tragedy to trash Donald Trump and to promote his final, (and maybe most important) action that would prove his disdain for America and our Constitution GUN CONTROL.Orlando gunman Omar Mateen s two trips to Saudi Arabia, one of which was a pricey package that included four-star accommodations and fancy meals, were highly unusual and may have been cover for terror training, according to experts.The FBI is piecing together Mateen s radical Islam roots, and the trips to Saudi Arabia could be a sign of his growing religious devotion. His stated reason for both the 2011 and 2012 trips was umrah, a Muslim pilgrimage to the Kingdom that is not as significant as the hajj, a trip all Muslims must make to Mecca at least once in their lives. Either or both of the trips could also have included a side trip. It s very possible for someone to take a trip to a country like Saudi Arabia and declare it as their destination when it is in actuality just a pit stop to a different country like Yemen,  said Ryan Mauro, national security analyst for Clarion Project, a New York-based research institute that tracks global terrorism.  Based on his blatant extremism and ties to a convicted Orlando imam known for facilitating international jihadists traveling, the strong likelihood is that these trips were not benign. Mateen, 29, killed 49 people and wounded 53 inside the gay nightclub Pulse early Sunday, holding dozens hostage for hours before a SWAT team stormed the building and killed him in a gun battle. While holding captives, Mateen made multiple calls to 911, professing his allegiance to ISIS and support for the Muslim brothers who bombed the 2013 Boston Marathon, police said.When Mateen aligned himself with terrorists is not yet clear, but his trips to Saudi Arabia would have put him within a day s drive of Yemen, where Al Qaeda on the Arabian Peninsula has long had a large presence, and where ISIS also has gained a foothold in recent years. Several radicalized Americans have traveled to Yemen to train in terror camps.Mateen s first trip to Saudi Arabia was for 10 days, and the jaunt a year later was for eight. The 2011 trip was arranged by U.S.-based Islamic travel agency Dar El Salam and was a package the company calls the  Sacred Caravan Umrah. The package costs up to $4,000 and is generally comprised of four nights at four-star accommodations in Mecca and six nights in Medina, complete with buffet meals, sightseeing and religious studies and lectures.The travel agency did not respond to a request for comment.The second trip included a stop in the United Arab Emirates, but the exact itinerary of either trip is not known. The FBI, which searched Mateen s condominium in Fort Pierce, Fla., overnight Sunday and into Monday morning, taking a computer and several other items, declined to comment on what investigators may have learned about Mateen s travels.Muslim leaders said it was unusual for Mateen to have made two visits to Saudi Arabia in consecutive years   the first when he was just 24.Okay so why didn t anyone report his trips to the FBI??? It s not cheap to do so and people that young usually don t go twice,  said Adnan Khan, former leader of the Council of Pakistan-American Affairs.  And especially considering he appeared not to have come from a staunchly religious background. Okay so why didn t anyone report his trips to the FBI??? A single trip to Saudi Arabia could be attributed to the mandatory hajj or umrah, but the second trip and the visit to the UAE suggest that his stated reason for traveling was a cover,  he said.  Even if the trip included legitimate religious travel, it does not mean the activity was limited to that. One umrah is usually enough for a Muslim, said Timothy Furnish, an expert in Islamic history and consultant to the Pentagon, The fact that Mateen made two of those would suggest that he felt he had many sins needing rectifying and/or he was not engaged solely in religious activity but meeting with someone in Saudi Arabia,  Furnish said.Mateen was born in New York to Afghan immigrants. People that knew him have said he was not overtly religious, but often expressed anger and a deep hatred of minorities. He had once aspired to be a police officer, was trained with weapons and worked for an international security firm after being fired from a job as a prison guard.The Saudi Embassy in Washington did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Those Saudi s are quick to react when it comes to writing a check to the Clinton Crime Syndicate/Hillary for President fund though!Neighbors in the quiet condominium complex where Mateen lived with his 3-year-old son and wife, Noor Zahi Salman, said the couple kept to themselves and did not wear religious garb. We were all shocked when we found out,  one neighbor told FoxNews.com.  The most activity I ever saw from the apartment was his girlfriend   or wife   walking to the mailbox and back with their child. However, sources say Mateen had a large collection of Islamic literature in his home, and people who knew him said he had expressed support for various terrorist groups.- FOX NewsWouldn t any sane person knew someone who expressed support for terrorist groups report them to the proper authorities? ",0
20416,LOL! PRINCE of Country Who Gave Hillary $50 Million BEGS Americans NOT To Vote For Trump,"Sounds like one of the best reasons ever TO vote for Trump A Saudi prince has urged Americans not to vote for Donald Trump in the upcoming general election.Turki al-Faisal, who served as Saudia Arabia s ambassador to the US from 2005 to 2007, spoke against the presumptive Republican nominee during a foreign policy dinner in Washington, DC on Thursday.He blasted Trump s proposal to ban Muslims from entering the US, which the billionaire first formulated in December last year before renewing his vow on Wednesday. For the life of me, I cannot believe that a country like the United States can afford to have someone as president who simply says,  These people are not going to be allowed to come to the United States,  Turki said according to the Huffington Post. It s up to you, it s not up to me,  Turki added.  I just hope you, as American citizens, will make the right choice in November. This plea to NOT vote for Trump should come as no surprise since Saudi Arabia has donated up to $50 million to the Clinton FoundationWFB  The gulf nations represent three of the largest donors to the foundation, but that is hardly the extent of their ties to the Clintons. Qatari, UAE, and Saudi firms paid Bill Clinton millions of dollars for speeches during the time Hillary served as secretary of state, when she also approved weapons deals with all three countries worth billions of dollars to U.S. defense firms, many of which are also Clinton Foundation donors.Bill Clinton has praised the Qataris as  intelligent, forward looking  investment partners for their collaboration on Clinton Foundation projects. One of Hillary s top advisers, Cheryl Mills, served on the board of the New York University campus in Abu Dhabi. Bill Clinton is the friend and former classmate of Saudi Prince Turki bin Faisal Al Saud, who recently attended a lavish Clinton Foundation conference in Marrakech, hosted by the King of Morocco. The Bill Clinton presidential library in Little Rock was funded in part by a $10 million from the Saudi Royal family.Turk, who went to Georgetown University in Washington, DC, isn t currently part of Saudia Arabia s government but serves as the chairman of the King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies, a cultural organization that conducts research in politics, sociology and heritage. h/t: Breitbart News Via: Daily Mail ",0
20417,"WHY ARE WE IMPORTING HATE AND INTOLERANCE? U.S.Has Imported Over 674,000 Migrants From Countries Who EXECUTE Gays","When you read these statistics, the Orlando massacre of 49 innocent men and women in a public space should really come as no surprise to anyone who s paying attention Between 2001 and 2014, the United States has permanently resettled nearly three quarters of a million migrants (674,920) from nations that may execute gays and lesbians   including a quarter of a million (250,387) who were resettled during Hillary Clinton s tenure in the State Department. As Secretary of State, Clinton was in charge of screening visas for admission, which some foreign nationals could then adjust to receive green cards.Following the Orlando terrorist attack, in which the son of Afghan migrants targeted the LGBT community and slaughtered 49 people in a gay nightclub, Donald Trump called for a common-sense,  mainstream immigration policy that promotes American values.  Indeed, new evidence has shown that the Orlando terrorist s anti-Western values were imported from overseas   and were not  homegrown  or native to the United States absent immigration.Trump explained that the values of radical Islam   which our current immigration policies are importing into America   are  incompatible with Western values and institutions :A radical Islamic terrorist targeted the nightclub not only because he wanted to kill Americans, but in order to execute gay and lesbian citizens because of their sexual orientation. It is a strike at the heart and soul of who we are as a nation  Many of the principles of Radical Islam are incompatible with Western values and institutions. Radical Islam is anti-woman, anti-gay and anti-American. I refuse to allow America to become a place where gay people, Christian people, and Jewish people, are the targets of persecution and intimidation by Radical Islamic preachers of hate and violence.Trump pledged that, as President, he would curb the flow of assimilation-resistant migrants from terror-prone regions that  share these same oppressive views. Following the attack, the Washington Post published a list of mostly Muslim countries where homosexuality may be punished by death. The Washington Post, however, did not deem it necessary to make any mention of how many migrants from these nations that hold anti-Western, anti-LGBT values are being resettled throughout the United States.Between 2001 and 2014, the U.S. permanently resettled 674,920 migrants from nations where gays can be executed, according to data from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).This figure does not include the total number of migrants the U.S. has permanently resettled from Muslim nations during that time, which is nearly 1.7 million.To see the breakdown of how many migrants the U.S. has admitted from countries where homosexuality can be punishable by death, click HERE.Many Washington politicians, however, have pushed to continue   and even expand-   the already record high levels of immigration from nations that hold anti-Western values.Hillary Clinton is joined in her opposition to pausing Muslim migration by House Speaker Paul Ryan, who today said that temporarily pausing Muslim migration is  not reflective of our principles  and is not  in our country s best interest. In stating his opposition to Trump s proposal, Ryan did not explain how American communities have been made better by such historic flows of Sharia-sympathetic migrants or   as Donald Trump put it    why we should admit anyone into our country who supports violence of any kind against gay and lesbian Americans. Via: Breitbart News ",0
20418,NOT NEWS: 7 DEAD…35 Wounded In Obama’s Hometown In 2 Days…WATCH: BLACK CHICAGO RESIDENTS Blame Barack Obama [VIDEO],"Chicago residents are living a nightmare. The murder and crime statistics are what you would expect to see in a war torn Middle Eastern nation.These Chicago residents have had enough and they re speaking out against Barack Obama and the Democrat party that has sold them a bill of goods:Click HERE to see more Chicago residents speak out: The liberal agenda is not the black agenda, it is not the family agenda and it s not the American agenda. Seven people were killed and at least 35 others   including a 5-year-old girl   were wounded in shootings across Chicago between Friday night and Monday morning.The weekend s latest homicide happened Sunday morning in the Englewood neighborhood on the South Side.About 8:35 a.m., an officer on patrol found 32-year-old Dwayne T. Triplett slumped over at the wheel of a vehicle near his home in the 1100 block of West 72nd Street, according to Chicago Police and the Cook County medical examiner s office.He suffered gunshot wounds to the head and chest, and was pronounced dead at the scene at 8:53 a.m., authorities said.Earlier Sunday, two men, ages 34 and 42, were slain on a Brainerd neighborhood porch on the South Side. Officers responding at 1:13 a.m. to a call of shots fired in the 9000 block of South Marshfield found them dead, one shot in the head and the other in the neck, police said.Authorities have not released their names. Family members identified the older man as Antwon Brooks, a father of two.Late Saturday in Back of the Yards, a 17-year-old boy was killed and a 19-year-old man was wounded in more South Side gunfire.They were standing in the street about 10:20 p.m. in the 5200 block of South Sangamon when a silver Audi pulled up and someone inside fired shots, police said. The 17-year-old, identified as Christopher Fields, was shot in the back and taken to Stroger Hospital, where he died at 11:17 p.m., authorities said. He lived in the 6200 block of South Csangamon. Via: CBSlocal",0
20419,SYRIAN IMMIGRANT Who Said “9-11 Changed The World For Good”…Calls Syria Her “Homeland” Is Homeland Security Advisor,"Feeling safer? One of the sitting members on the Homeland Security Advisory Council s (HSAC) Subcommittee on Countering Violent Extremism is a 25-year-old immigrant of Syrian heritage who said that the 9/11 attacks  changed the world for good  and has consistently disparaged America, free speech and white people on social media.Laila Alawa was one of just 15 people tapped to serve on the newly-formed HSAC Subcommittee on Countering Violent Extremism in 2015   the same year she became an American citizen. Just last week, the subcommittee submitted a report to Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, recommending that the DHS avoid using Muslim terminology like the words  sharia  and  jihad  when discussing terrorism.Alawa says she immigrated into the U.S. when she was ten years old. Her family had already left Syria by the time she was born.  But I will always be Syrian. I will always be from Syria. I will always be of Syria,  she wrote in November 2015, calling the country her  homeland. In 2014, Alawa commemorated the September 11 attacks by tweeting that  9/11 changed the world for good, and there s no other way to say it. Exactly a year later, she claimed that, after September 11,  Being American meant you were white. In April 2013, she responded to a tweet from activist Pamela Geller who called the Boston Marathon bombings  jihad  by tweeting:  go fuck yourself. On September 21   the day after Secretary of State John Kerry announced that the U.S. would accept 85,000 Syrian refugees in 2016 and 100,000 more in 2017   Alawa mocked the  Salty white tears all over my newsfeed. In the Countering Violent Extremism report published last week, Alawa and her fellow subcommittee members recommended that the Department of Homeland Security  adapt to the changing nature of violent extremism itself  by devoting more attention to  anarchists, sovereign citizens, white-supremacists, and others. The report also recommended that, in order to combat violent extremism, the DHS  Focus on gender diversity of youth through careful attention to the range of push and pull factors that attract individuals of differing gender. As originally reported by The Daily Caller, the subcommittee Alawa serves on instructed the DHS to begin  using American English instead of religious, legal and cultural terms like  jihad,   sharia,   takfir  or  umma  when discussing terrorism in order to avoid offending Muslims.Two months before Secretary Johnson created the Subcommittee on Combatting Violent Extremism, Alawa tweeted:  THE US HAS NEVER BEEN A UTOPIA UNLESS YOU WERE A STRAIGHT WHITE MALE THAT OWNED LAND. straight up period go home shut up. Via: Daily Caller ",0
20420,HILLARY CLINTON’S Super Detailed Counterterrorism Strategy…LOL,And the left says Trump hasn t given details about what he ll do when president? Hillary couldn t be more clueless and vague in her Twitter statement. If she had a clue about terrorism she d know that there s no such thing as a  lone wolf . All jihadists are interconnected and fighting together for the caliphate. She s a joke! ,0
20421,BREAKING: PUTIN TIRED OF WAITING FOR Obama’s DOJ To Release Hillary’s Highly Classified Emails…Set To Release Them In Near Future,"This is not the first time Putin has warned the US to hurry up with its release of Hillary s emails. Biden better get the emergency campaign team ready. If Putin releases the unedited, corrupt version of Hillary s highly classified emails, Crooked Hillary will not likely be able to overcome the damage that will be done to what s left of her reputation. Reliable intelligence sources in the West have indicated that warnings had been received that the Russian Government could in the near future release the text of email messages intercepted from U.S. Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s private e-mail server from the time she was U.S. Secretary of State. The release would, the messaging indicated, prove that Secretary Clinton had, in fact, laid open U.S. secrets to foreign interception by putting highly-classified Government reports onto a private server in violation of U.S. law, and that, as suspected, the server had been targeted and hacked by foreign intelligence services.The reports indicated that the decision as to whether to reveal the intercepts would be made by Russian Federation President Vladimir Putin, and it was possible that the release would, if made, be through a third party, such as Wikileaks. The apparent message from Moscow, through the intelligence community, seemed to indicate frustration with the pace of the official U.S. Department of Justice investigation into the so-called server scandal, which seemed to offer prima facie evidence that U.S. law had been violated by Mrs Clinton s decision to use a private server through which to conduct official and often highly-secret communications during her time as Secretary of State. U.S.Sources indicated that the extensive Deptartment of Justice probe was more focused on the possibility that the private server was used to protect messaging in which Secretary Clinton allegedly discussed quid pro quo transactions with private donors to the Clinton Foundation in exchange for influence on U.S. policy.The Russian possession of the intercepts, however, was designed also to show that, apart from violating U.S. law in the fundamental handling of classified documents (which Sec. Clinton had alleged was no worse than the mishandling of a few documents by CIA Director David Petraeus or Clinton s National Security Advisor Sandy Berger), the traffic included highly-classified materials which had their classification headers stripped. Russian (and other) sources had indicated frustration with the pace of the Justice Dept. probe, and its avoidance of the national security aspects of intelligence handling. This meant that the topic would be suppressed by the U.S. Barack Obama Administration so that it would not be a factor in the current U.S. Presidential election campaign, in which President Obama had endorsed Mrs Clinton. via: Oilprice.com",0
20422,BREAKING: SOMALIAN MAN TAKES HOSTAGE…Shots Fired In Walmart Located In Texas City Overrun By Middle Eastern Refugees…UPDATE: Suspect Shot and Killed [VIDEO],"Amarillo, Texas is home to more than 1,000 Mideast migrants   giving Amarillo the highest refugee ratio in the country.UPDATE: Suspect has been shot and killed by APD:Watch here:Police and firefighters are at the scene of a reported active shooter situation at a Walmart store in Amarillo, Texas, the city says. APD and several other agencies are on scene at the Walmart on Georgia,  police said in a press release.  There are reports of an armed subject inside who may have hostages. More info when it s available. Please avoid the area so that officers can focus on the scene and not traffic. Any media is asked to respond to the area of 42nd and Georgia. The shooting was first reported at about 11:10 a.m. local time. The initial call was for a suspect who was actively shooting inside the store, according to police radio dispatches, which you can listen to below.He was said to be a Somalian man wearing khaki pants, KFDA-TV reports.The gunman has barricaded himself inside the manager s office, police said. It is not known how many hostages are being held or if anyone was wounded before the hostage situation began.This is a developing story, check back for updates.Via: Heavy.com ",0
20423,WOW! MILWAUKEE SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING Professor Exposed After Student Takes Photo Of INSANE Test Question: “One Of Main Functions Of Government Is Income Redistribution”,"Socialist indoctrination starts in Kindergarten and is reinforced throughout the American student s educational journey. Parents need to pay attention to the drivel their children are being taught at school. This kind of socialist teaching is not limited to public schools, many of us have discovered that private and parochial schools are equally guilty of this type of indoctrination. Conservative Hollywood actress Sam Sorbo suggests home schooling your children to avoid government indoctrination. The role of government is to redistribute wealth, according to a course at the Milwaukee School of Engineering.A test, administered on April 29 in Professor John Traxler s Healthcare Economics class, told students that  [o]ne of the main functions of government is income redistribution,  then asked them to explain what the statement meant. The correct answer was C:  Taxing the wealthy and giving it to those in poverty. Josh Fisher, a student in the class, told Campus Reform he was flabbergasted when he saw the question, given that it is premised on an unabashedly liberal view of a politically contentious issue. When I saw it I wanted to get up and leave,  he said.  I thought  there s no way this is a real question at all. Fundamental concepts include: demand and supply, elasticity and marginalism, inflation, unemployment, business cycles, role of government,  states the course description on the school s website, adding,  These concepts are then used to explain and analyze market structures, including perfect competition and monopoly. The website also defines the course learning outcomes, which include  [analyzing] the role of government and the effect of regulation on the healthcare section as described by economics. I listen to talk radio a lot now: [Ben] Shapiro, [Steven] Crowder, [Andrew] Klavan, [Mark] Levin, and Milo [Yiannopoulos],  Fisher said.  So I knew that this type of liberal perspective being pushed on students was happening but I had no idea it was so blatant. Maybe the worst part is that so many of my classmates now believe this to be true. Several professors who spoke with Campus Reform about the matter said that while the question defines income redistribution accurately, it was unnecessary to include an endorsement of that controversial concept. This question assumes a false premise,  said Antony Davies, a professor at Duquesne University.  I do not accept the premise that redistribution is a main function of government (in general),  he added, though he did concede that  it is a main function of our government today. When asked if this is common to be taught in economics classes he claimed:  No. That s not common [to be taught]. It is common to teach that that is something governments can do. One way to read the question is that it is simply a definition: C is the definition of income redistribution. The real slant is in the start, saying that income redistribution is one of the main functions of government,  noted Mount Holyoke College economics professor Jim Hartley. Some people think that is true, but others disagree. So, if the question was written as  Income redistribution means,  the question is fine. If it started,  Some people believe one of the main functions  it would be fine,  he explained.  The assertion in the first sentence is the evidence of bias, but the question is unaffected by the bias. He also added that  The first sentence is not necessary for the test question and thus is really just serving as propaganda. Fisher told Campus Reform that he was reluctant to challenge his professor on the matter, saying,  I didn t want to risk to affecting my grade. He pushes his agenda pretty hard. The student who provided the tip wishes to remain anonymous, but added that Traxler is  pretty set with his opinion anyways,  so  I don t think [fighting him] would have made a difference. Via: Campus Reform ",0
20424,LONDON’S FIRST MUSLIM MAYOR BANS “Sexy Women” On Advertisements,"No word yet on when every female London resident will be asked to wear a hijab in public, so as not to offend the exploding Muslim population  Sadiq Khan, London s first Muslim mayor, announced Monday that  body shaming  advertisements will no longer be allowed in London s public transport. As the father of two teenage girls, I am extremely concerned about this kind of advertising which can demean people, particularly women, and make them ashamed of their bodies. It is high time it came to an end,  Khan said.No one's confidence or body image should be undermined by ads on our transport system. I've strengthened @TfL policy https://t.co/AJ7qYDQW0T  Mayor of London (@MayorofLondon) June 13, 2016Here are just a few Twitter (not G-rated) responses that the Mayor got to his tweet above:The mayor added,  Nobody should feel pressurised, while they travel on the Tube or bus, into unrealistic expectations surrounding their bodies and I want to send a clear message to the advertising industry about this. Khan was not clear in what would determine which ads would be banned, as it doesn t include all images of people in underwear or swimming clothes. Most underwear and bikini models though can be assumed to have non-average bodies. Via: Daily Caller",0
20425,SHOCKER! WAS MUSLIM TERRORIST GAY? Used Gay Dating App…”Frequent Visitor” Of “Pulse” Nightclub…Asked Former Male Classmate Out “Romantically”,"Of course, Mateen s Muslim father vehemently denies his son was gay. ISIS isn t gonna like this new little development, especially after they claimed responsibility for the actions of the  gay  terrorist A former classmate of Omar Mateen s 2006 police academy class said he believed Mateen was gay, saying Mateen once asked him out.Officials say Mateen shot and killed 49 people and injured 53 others at an Orlando nightclub early Sunday morning.The classmate said that he, Mateen and other classmates would hang out, sometimes going to gay nightclubs, after classes at the Indian River Community College police academy. He said Mateen asked him out romantically. We went to a few gay bars with him, and I was not out at the time, so I declined his offer,  the former classmate said. He asked that his name not be used.He believed Mateen was gay, but not open about it. Mateen was awkward, and for a while the classmate and the rest in the group of friends felt sorry for him. He just wanted to fit in and no one liked him,  he said.  He was always socially awkward. In Orlando, the Los Angeles Times reported that Mateen attended the Pulse nightclub possibly as many as a dozen times before the rampage. Kevin West said he had messaged Mateen back and forth over a year s time on the gay dating app Jack d but never met him until he saw Mateen crossing the street about 1 a.m. Sunday. He walked directly past me. I said,  Hey,  and he turned and said,  Hey,  and nodded his head, West said.  I could tell by the eyes. At least four regular customers of Pulse, the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender nightclub where the massacre took place, told the Orlando Sentinel on Monday that they believed they had seen Mateen there before. Sometimes he would go over in the corner and sit and drink by himself, and other times he would get so drunk he was loud and belligerent,  said Ty Smith, who also uses the name Aries.He saw Mateen at the club at least a dozen times, he told the Sentinel.  We didn t really talk to him a lot, but I remember him saying things about his dad at times,  Smith said.  He told us he had a wife and child. The Canadian Press reported Monday that Mateen had been seen there over three years.Chris Callen recalled the eventual killer being escorted drunk from the Pulse bar on multiple occasions, including one incident where he pointed a knife at a friend. Said Callen, who performs under the name Kristina McLaughlin,  He s been going to this bar for at least three years. Mateen s father emphatically told The Post Monday that his son was not gay. If he was gay, why would he do something like this?  Seddique Mateen asked.For entire story: Palm Beach Post ",0
20426,NOT KIDDING! HILLARY’S State Department Blocked Investigation Into Muslim Terrorist’s Florida Mosque Because “It Unfairly Targeted Muslims”,"Nothing to see here. Hillary was likely just fulfilling a promise to a foreign Muslim donor. It wasn t the first time she gave a  stand down  order and if the Democrat party can help it, it won t be the last Hillary Clinton s State Dept. shut down an investigation into the mosque Orlando killer Omar Mir Siddique Mateen attended because it  unfairly singled out Muslims. The Fort Pierce Islamic Center, where Mateen worshipped several times a week, was under investigation by both the FBI and DHS as early as 2011 for ties to a worldwide Islamic movement known as Tablighi Jamaal which was linked to several terrorist organizations.But the investigation was shut down under pressure from the Clinton-ran State Dept. and DHS s Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Office out of fear of offending Muslims, according to recently retired DHS agent Philip Haney. The FBI had opened cases twice on him, and yet they found no evidence to charge him; it means they didn t go through the same basic, analytical process that I went through over a three- or four-hour period in which I was able to link the mosque to my previous cases,  he told WND on Sunday.In other words, the FBI had limited options at stopping Mateen because it was ordered to back off its investigation into his mosque.Both Clinton and the Obama administration have a history of enabling Islamic terrorism.In 2012, Clinton s State Dept. was backing al-Qaeda in Iraq, which morphed into ISIS, and other Islamic extremist groups as a proxy army to topple Syrian President Bashir al-Assad. The Salafist [sic], the Muslim Brotherhood and AQI [al-Qaeda in Iraq] are the major forces driving the insurgency in Syria,  a leaked memo between her State Dept. and the Pentagon stated.  The West, Gulf countries, and Turkey support [this] opposition, while Russia, China and Iran  support the [Assad] regime. The FBI had opened cases twice on him, and yet they found no evidence to charge him; it means they didn t go through the same basic, analytical process that I went through over a three- or four-hour period in which I was able to link the mosque to my previous cases,  he told WND on Sunday. This secret document confirms that Clinton s State Dept.   and the Obama administration in general   were directly responsible for the rise of ISIS, which is now targeting the West. The former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, confirmed the document s importance.  I don t know that [the Obama administration] turned a blind eye [to ISIS], I think it was a decision; I think it was a willful decision,  he said.Clinton even admitted some responsibility. The United States had   to be fair   we had helped create the problem we re now fighting,  she said in an interview with Fox anchor Greta Van Susteren.  When the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan, we had this brilliant idea we were going to come to Pakistan and create a force on Mujahideen, equip them with Stinger missiles and everything else to go after the Soviets inside Afghanistan. For entire story: InfoWars",0
20427,WHOA! Did Donald Trump Just Imply Obama Is Working On Behalf Of Muslim Terrorists? [VIDEO],And if Trump did indeed imply Obama was working on behalf of Muslim terrorists do you believe he s correct?,0
20428,BREAKING: FL MUSLIM TERRORIST Worked For Security Company Who Quietly Transports And RELEASES Van Loads Of ILLEGAL ALIENS Away From Border For U.S. Government,"As a side note, the illegal aliens who are being dropped off across America in vans are OTM s or Other Than Mexicans. Can the mainstream media PLEASE start doing their job and exposing this corrupt administration? In a surprising discovery, the Palm Beach Post first reported that according to state records, Orlando shooter Omar Mateen   who as we reported earlier was licensed as a security guard and also holds a firearms license   was employed by the US subsidiary of G4S plc, a British multinational security services company, whose US-headquarters are located in Jupiter, Fla, and which also happens to be the world s largest security company by revenue.Shortly thereafter, G4S confirmed that Omar Mateen has worked for the company since 2007. This is the statement released from G4S: We are shocked and saddened by the tragic event that occurred at the Orlando nightclub. We can confirm that Omar Mateen had been employed with G4S since September 10, 2007. We are cooperating fully with all law enforcement authorities, including the FBI, as they conduct their investigation. Our thoughts and prayers are with all of the friends, families and people affected by this unspeakable tragedy.  In other words, Mateen who according to preliminary reports, had been on a terrorist watchlist, and who still managed to obtain weapons thanks to his various licenses and permits just last week, was employed by one of the world s largest security companies, where he may have had extensive clearances well above his pay grade, not to mention access to sophisticated military weapons and equipment.But where it gets more disturbing is that as Judicial Watch reported several days ago, in a post titled,  DHS Quietly Moving, Releasing Vanloads Of Illegal Aliens Away From Border , border patrol sources said that the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) was quietly transporting illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to Phoenix and releasing them without proper processing or issuing court appearance documents. As a reminder, the government classifies them as Other Than Mexican (OTM) and this week around 35 were transferred 116 miles north from Tucson to a Phoenix bus station where they went their separate way. Judicial Watch was present when one of the white vans carrying a group of OTMs arrived at the Phoenix Greyhound station on Buckeye Road.And this is where the Mateen-G4S link emerges: as JW reported previously, a security company contracted by the U.S. government is driving the OTMs from the Border Patrol s Tucson Sector where they were in custody to Phoenix, sources said. The firm is the abovementioned G4S, the world s leading security solutions group with operations in more than 100 countries and 610,000 employees. G4S has more than 50,000 employees in the U.S. and its domestic headquarters is in Jupiter, Florida.Judicial Watch noted that it had filed a number of public records requests to get more information involving the arrangement between G4S and the government, specifically the transport of illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to other parts of the country. The photo below shows the uniformed G4S guard that transported the OTMs this week from Tucson to Phoenix.Outraged Border Patrol agents and supervisors on the front lines say illegal immigrants are being released in droves because there s no room to keep them in detention.  They re telling us to put them on a bus and let them go,  said one law enforcement official in Arizona.  Just move those bodies across the country.  Officially, DHS denies this is occurring and in fact earlier this year U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner R. Gil Kerlikowske blasted Border Patrol union officials for denouncing this dangerous catch-and-release policy. Kerlikowske s scolding came in response to the congressional testimony of Bandon Judd, chief of the National Border Patrol Council, the labor union that represents line agents. Judd told lawmakers on the House Judiciary Committee that illegal immigrants without serious criminal convictions can be released immediately and disappear into the shadows. Kerlikowske shot back, telling a separate congressional committee:  I would not stand by if the Border Patrol was   releasing people without going through all of the formalities.Meanwhile, the Hill reported that Mateen s employment, and gun licenses, were untouched even though the FBI confirmed it had interviewed the 29-year-old three times before the shooting took place early Sunday morning. An official said that the FBI first became aware of the suspect, Omar Mateen, 29, in 2013 when he made  inflammatory comments to coworkers alleging possible terrorist ties. In the course of that investigation, Mateen was interviewed twice, but the FBI was unable to verify the substance of his comments. Via: Zero HedgeShares in G4S have fallen heavily after the UK security services company said Omar Mateen, who killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, was an employee.G4S said Mateen was an armed security officer and that it was trying to establish whether weapons used in the attack on the Pulse gay nightclub were related to his work. The company supplies its armed employees with guns in the US and does not allow them to use their own.G4S shares dropped by as much as 7.5% and were the biggest fallers among leading UK shares. The company employs 620,000 people in more than 110 countries and the US is one of its biggest markets.Jasper Lawler, an analyst at CMC Markets, a City spread betting firm, said it did not look good for G4S to have employed Mateen while he was being investigated by the FBI. G4S has more than 50,000 employees in the US, a large proportion of which are involved in government contracts. If the name of G4S starts getting dragged through the mud, US contracts may become harder to come by.  Via: Guardian",0
20429,HILARIOUS! WATCH What Happens When Campus Cops Try To Kick “Students For Trump” Off Campus For Building Trump Wall [VIDEO],"Where there s a will, there s a way and these awesome students certainly don t lack the will to succeed in their quest to protect their precious First Amendment Right! The Portland State University Students For Trump chapter were back at it, this time holding an event called  BUILD THE WALL , where they literally brought a replica wall to campus.At first campus police told them they could not bring it on the university property because it is a  structure  and they didn t have a permit. What s quite interesting about that is the fact that the wackjob SJW groups on campus have been getting away with violating  policy  after  policy  over and over during their protests and marches. They use amplified devices, march through the halls of the buildings screaming and yelling, they literally took over a PSU board of trustees meeting that cause the board members to flee, and they staged a  die in  in the street, all of which were ignored by campus police and, as far as this author can tell, no punishment was handed down. If there were, then they were so light that it did not cause any of the students to think twice before doing it all again at the next protest.The students began setting up The Wall off campus, then realized what cucks the campus police are and that none of the policies would be enforced, so they returned to the park blocks in the heart of the campus. This time a city park Ranger decided to tell them the wall had to go. The students made the case that The Wall was a  sign  and not a  structure . The Ranger cucked himself off and the students continued on, with police monitoring both on the ground in uniform, and in plain clothes from the balcony of a nearby building, where an officer had a video camera and was filming the event.WATCH HERE:WATCH these awesome students give offended liberals a lesson in tolerance and truth:And what could possibly offend a liberal more than LGBT s for Trump? Mainstream media asked the Trump students to clarify on the race issue. One old bag and her daughter (?) went on about how Trump s immigration policy is racist, and while a Trump supporter is calmly responding, the young hagling just says  Let s go. Fuck Donald Trump  while, as usual, flipping everyone off.Via: Progressives Today ",0
20430,"WHY DID CLINTON APPOINTED Judge Release EXTREMELY DANGEROUS Muslim Inmate, Former U.S. Marine Who Indoctrinated Florida Terrorist?","Federal prosecutors warned U.S. District Judge Gregory Presell that gang member and radical Muslim, Marcus Dwayne Robertson was dangerous and was recruiting inmates for terrorism, yet the judge released him. The gunman who murdered at least 50 people in a Florida nightclub early Sunday morning was a follower of a controversial gang leader-turned-bank robber who was released from prison last year despite warnings from prosecutors that he would recruit people to carry out violent acts, sources told FoxNews.com.Omar Mateen, whose bloody siege inside a packed Orlando gay nightclub ended when SWAT teams stormed the building and killed him, was a radical Muslim who followed Marcus Dwayne Robertson, a law enforcement source said. It is no coincidence that this happened in Orlando,  said a law enforcement source familiar with Robertson s history of recruiting terrorists and inciting violence.  Mateen was enrolled in [Robertson s online] Fundamental Islamic Knowledge Seminary. Robertson and several associates were rounded up for questioning early Sunday, according to law enforcement sources, a development his attorney refused to confirm or deny.Robertson s school may not have been the only source of Mateen s spiritual guidance. The gunman was at the Islamic Center of Fort Pierce with Imam Shafiq Rahman two days before the nightclub attack, according to The Washington Post. That mosque was frequented by American-born suicide bomber Monar abu Salha, who blew himself up in Syria in 2014, and the two knew each other, according to officials. Mateen s association with Salha led the FBI to interview him in 2014. Rep. Michael McCaul, chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee Mike McCaul told Fox News law enforcement determined at the time their contact  was minimal. FoxNews.com has reported extensively on Robertson, a former U.S. Marine who served as a bodyguard to the Blind Sheik involved in the 1993 World Trade Center Attack and led a gang of New York bank robbers called  Ali Baba and the 40 Thieves  before resurfacing in Orlando, where he started an Islamic seminary.The school, recently renamed the Timbuktu Seminary, is operated by Robertson, a 47-year-old firebrand known to his thousands of followers as Abu Taubah.Robertson, who recently spent four years in prison in Florida on illegal weapons and tax fraud charges before being released by a Florida judge one year ago, has openly and enthusiastically preached against homosexuality. The targets of Mateen s bloody rampage were members of the gay community of Orlando, 120 miles from the 29-year-old s home in Fort Pierce.Prosecutors said wiretaps from 2011 proved Robertson instructed one of his students, Jonathan Paul Jimenez, to file false tax returns to obtain a tax refund to pay for travel to Mauritania for terror training.Jimenez studied with Robertson for a year in preparation for his travel to Mauritania, where he would study and further his training in killing, suicide bombing, and identifying and murdering U.S. military personnel. He pleaded guilty in 2012 to lying to authorities and conspiring to defraud the IRS and was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison.Robertson was arrested on a firearms charge in 2011 and pleaded guilty in January 2012. On March 14, 2012, federal authorities charged him with conspiring to defraud the IRS, which he was convicted of in December 2013.While in the John E. Polk Correctional Facility in Seminole County, Robertson was considered so dangerous, he was kept in shackles and assigned his own guards. Whenever he was transported to court, a seven-car caravan of armed federal marshals escorted him. He was initially moved into solitary confinement after prison authorities believed he was radicalizing up to 36 of his fellow prisoners.In seeking enhanced terrorism charges during sentencing for the two crimes, prosecutors said Robertson has been involved with terrorism activities,  focused on training others to commit violent acts as opposed to committing them himself     overseas instead of inside the United States. Yet efforts by federal prosecutors to tack on another 10 years to his sentence, based on enhanced terrorism charges under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, were not persuasive enough for U.S. District Judge Gregory Presnell, who freed Robertson in June 2015 with time served.Robertson had denied being involved with terrorist activities, in court and in postings on social media and in statements from his attorney to Fox News.Federal law enforcement has been familiar with Robertson since 1991.As a former U.S. Marine who became the leader known as  Ali Baba  of a notorious New York gang  Ali Baba and the 40 Thieves , Robertson and his crew robbed more than 10 banks, private homes and post offices at gunpoint, shot three police officers, and attacked one cop after he was injured by a homemade pipe bomb.During the same period, federal authorities claimed Robertson served as a bodyguard to Omar Abdel Rahman, nicknamed the  Blind Sheik,  who led the terrorist group that carried out the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center and donated more than $300,000 in stolen funds to mosques he attended, both claims Robertson denied. Robertson has adamantly denied the claims.After he was arrested in 1991 along with most of the other members of the gang, prosecutors cut a deal with Robertson, and let him serve four years in prison before going to work undercover for the FBI between 2004 and 2007 to document terrorists  plans and networks in Africa, Egypt and the United States.Many of the court s filings, including Robertson s own testimony from his most recent criminal case, remain under federal seal, which means only prosecutors, the judge and the defense can review the records. Via: FOX News",0
20431,TRUMP’S STATEMENT On Muslim Immigration Is Spot On: “We have no choice!” [Video],Donald Trump: With fifty people dead and perhaps more ultimately and dozens more wounded we cannot afford to talk around issues anymore. We have to address these issues head on. I called for a ban after San Bernardino and it was met with great scorn and anger. And now many are saying although the pause is temporary we must find out what is going on. We have to do it. ,0
20432,"OBAMA AGREES WITH MUSLIM NEWS Network Whose Facebook Page Celebrates Jihad Against Gays In Orlando…GUNS To Blame For Terror Act, NOT Hate-Filled, Intolerant Democrat Muslim","Liberals like to use the term  right wing extremists . They like to blame the Christian faith every time a Planned Parenthood abortion mill is shot up or an abortion  doctor  is killed. But the minute a Muslim terrorists kills or harms another human being, religion somehow, has nothing to do with it. America woke up to the horrible news of an unimaginable mass murder against over 100 innocent people in Orlando yesterday, at the hands of a Muslim man, who openly pledged his allegiance to ISIS. Instead of addressing America with a call to vigilance against Muslim radicals, Obama predictably called for gun control. Not that it comes as a surprise, but his friends over at the radical Al Jazeera news agree.Omar Mateen called the cops to pledge his fealty to ISIS as he was carrying out his mass murder in Orlando early Sunday. Twelve hours later, the president of the United States declared that  we have no definitive assessment on the motivation  of Omar Mateen but that  we know he was a person filled with hate. So I guess the president thinks Mateen didn t mean it?Here again, and horribly, we have an unmistakable indication that Obama finds it astonishingly easy to divorce himself from a reality he doesn t like   the reality of the Islamist terror war against the United States and how it is moving to our shores in the form of lone-wolf attacks.He called it  terror,  which it is. But using the word  terror  without a limiting and defining adjective is like a doctor calling a disease  cancer  without making note of the affected area of the body   because if he doesn t know where the cancer is and what form it takes, he cannot attack it effectively and seek to extirpate it.So determined is the president to avoid the subject of Islamist, ISIS-inspired or ISIS-directed terrorism that he concluded his remarks with an astonishing insistence that  we need the strength and courage to change  our attitudes toward the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community.That s just disgusting. There s no other word for it. Via: NYPWe re seeing the demonization of the AR-!5 all over liberal media in the wake of the Orlando terrorist attack. As usual they seek to deflect from the real problem, the Islamic terrorism, and try to shift blame to gun. It s perhaps particularly galling given that their readership is cheering the attack.So some facts for Al Jazeera and other fact-challenged liberal media.AR-15 is not an assault rifle and is not an automatic rifle. Fully automatic rifles have been severely restricted from civilian ownership since 1934. AR-15 is semi-automatic like most guns and is no more powerful than any other common rifle. It fires only one round with each pull of the trigger.The AR in  AR-15  rifle stands for ArmaLite rifle, after the company that developed it in the 1950s.  AR  does NOT stand for  assault rifle  or  automatic rifle. The AR-15 is one of the most common rifles in the country, popular for hunting, sport or self-defense.Al Jazeera is even incorrect in referring in the graphic to a magazine as a  clip . A clip is a device that is used to store multiple rounds of ammunition together as a unit, ready for insertion into the magazine or cylinder of a firearm.What they leave out in all this deflection of course is that the shooter was an Islamic terrorist, a registered Democrat, doing it in the name of ISIS. Via: Weasel ZippersAl Jazeera Facebook page celebrates Orlando terror attack:",0
20433,"FORMER COP Who Worked With Muslim Terrorist Complained About Homophobic, Racist Comments…Talked Of “Killing People”…Quit Job After MUSLIM Employer IGNORED Complaints","This is what happens when people are more concerned about hurting someone s feelings or profiling someone than reporting someone s behavior to the proper authorities. If the Muslim employer won t take action after a hateful and  unhinged  employee is talking about his desire to want to  kill  people, it s time to take it to the next level.A former Fort Pierce police officer who once worked with 29-year-old Omar Mateen, the assailant in an Orlando nightclub shooting that left at least 50 dead, said he was  unhinged and unstable. Daniel Gilroy said he worked the 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. shift with G4S Security at the south gate at PGA Village for several months in 2014-15. Mateen took over from him for a 3 to 11 p.m. shift.My Palm Beach Post   A licensed security guard who held a firearms license, Mateen started working for G4S in 2007, according to a company newsletter. While there, he had been a screener at an area courthouse, said Daniel Gilroy, a co-worker.Gilroy worked with Mateen after he transferred to a security guard detail at PGA Village in Port St Lucie.Mateen took his prayer mat to work and prayed regularly, but, Gilroy found Mateen s attitudes toward and comments to gays, African-Americans and women crude.And then there was the screaming. Mateen was constantly agitated and on the verge of an outburst, said Gilroy, who could hear his rants even outside of the guard house.Fed up, he told Mateen he wasn t interested in being friends.That s when he went  boiled-rabbit crazy,  said Gilroy, with Mateen texting him, pleading for a reconciliation of friendship, and accusing him of betrayal so frequently that Gilroy s girlfriend believed the two men might have been having an affair.Rather than continue, Gilroy quit his job.Mateen s former wife was also on the receiving end of his outbursts.Speaking to the press Sunday night, she described violent outbursts and beatings. My family literally had to rescue me,  she said.Greg Davis, a St. Lucie County man, said a friend who worked with Mateen  told me (Mateen s) demeanor recently had drastically changed. He was working out, he really bulked up. He showed up with a rental van the last night he was at work. That s strange because he loved his car,   said Davis.None of the erratic behavior showed up in the mosque, or was obvious to his neighbors. I would wave and say hello,  said Esmerelda Gonzalez, whose parents live next door to Mateen s former home onBayshore Boulevard.  We never talked beyond that. He came over and bought stuff at a yard sale we had. He came over once and asked if he could use our property for parking because he was having a family gathering. Visitors sometimes came to the house at odd hours, sometimes as early as 4 a.m., said Gonzalez, but she thought nothing of it.At the mosque, Rahman said he can t remember ever having a conversation with Mateen.Mateen, he said, attended  sporadically    frequently with his toddler son in tow   but his three sisters were regular faces, sometimes performing chores and cleaning the mosque.If Mateen leaned toward an extremist version of Islam, he kept it from his imam, who wept as he began Sunday evening prayers at the mosque. There is nothing outside the door that says you can t come in and worship God and be here and pray if you are gay,  Rahman said. And Rahman said he speaks out against terrorist groups at every gathering. They have hijacked our religion,  Rahman said.  They have caused more trouble for us than anything. Gilroy, a former Fort Pierce police officer, said Mateen frequently made homophobic and racial comments. Gilroy said he complained to his employer several times but it did nothing because he was Muslim. Gilroy quit after he said Mateen began stalking him via multiple text messages   20 or 30 a day. I quit because everything he said was toxic,  Gilroy said Sunday,  and the company wouldn t do anything. This guy was unhinged and unstable. He talked of killing people. Gilroy said this shooting didn t come as a surprise to him.Via: Florida Today",0
20434,BREAKING: MUSLIM TERRORIST’S DAD Visited State Department Several Times…New Evidence Suggests Attack May Have Been Planned For Some Time,"He was such a nice boy, from such a nice family .This is a little disturbing. Remember Amed Mohamed and the exploited islamic opportunism with 14-year-old  clock boy  bomb hoax from Irving Texas and how his father was running for political office in Sudan?Well, apparently 29-year-old terrorist Omar Mateen comes from a similarly engaged political family and his father, Seddique Mateen, was/is running for national office in Afghanistan and not happy with the government of Pakistan.IJR  Mateen has his own television show, which broadcasts out of California.It is called the  Durand Jirga Show  and features Mateen discussing Middle Eastern politics. The show is posted on YouTube.According to the Washington post, the show demonstrates the Orlando shooters father s sympathetic views toward the Taliban:In one video, Mateen expresses gratitude toward the Afghan Taliban, while denouncing the Pakistani government. Our brothers in Waziristan, our warrior brothers in [the] Taliban movement and national Afghan Taliban are rising up,  he said.  Inshallah the Durand Line issue will be solved soon.  This April, Mateen was in Washington DC doing advocacy work with Congress and the State Department Seddique Mateen is an effusive poster on social media. The following posts from his Facebook describe a trip to Washington DC in April. He can be seen posing in front of State Department offices & the Democratic Foreign Services Committee offices.Mr. Mateen is photographed with numerous Washington DC Politicians and roaming the halls of Congress:The father of this radical terrorist sure was able to roam freely around the Capitol. Here he is pretending to be Barack Hussein Obama in a mock Presidential Briefing Room:In addition, Got News.Com has discovered the sister of Omar Mateen, Miriam Seddique, purchased Omar s house for $10 in April via a  quit claim deed .  link It would appear the jihadist Omar Mateen was making preparations for this attack for quite some time.Donald Trump was correct again when he called for additional scrutiny in December of 2015. The families of these terrorists need to be a concentrated focus for attention.Mr. Seddique Mateen even incorporated his entities as  The Provisional Government of Afghanistan Corporation  in official records in Florida:Via: Conservative Treehouse",0
20435,"BREAKING: Gay Bernie Sanders Supporter With Long Rifle, Possible Explosives Arrested On Way to L.A. Gay Pride Festival","The media will ignore the fact that this man was reportedly on his way to  harm gays  or that he appears to be a Bernie Sanders supporter. The media and Democrats will instead, be laser focused on the weapons and ammunition that were found in his possession. Democrats and other gun-control fanatics should be reminded that they are just inanimate objects until they end up in the hands of unstable Bernie Sanders supporters Authorities on Sunday were trying to determine the intentions of an Indiana man with a cache of weapons, ammunition and explosive-making materials in his car and apparent plans to attend the L.A. Pride festival in West Hollywood.Santa Monica Police Chief Jacqueline Seabrooks said on Twitter that the 20-year-old man told one of her officers after he was arrested that he wanted  to harm Gay Pride event.  But she did not provide any details, and officials said they are still trying to sort out his motives.Police identified him as James Wesley Howell of Indiana. A Facebook page for someone with the same name in Indiana shows a young man posing next to a white Acura with the same license plate as the car searched in Santa Monica for the weapons and explosives.At a news conference Sunday afternoon, police stressed they were still trying to figure out what Howell planned to do with the weapons.Howell s friend and fellow car club member Joseph Greeson, 18, said Howell didn t harbor any ill will toward gays or lesbians.Greeson said Howell s family in Jeffersonville hadn t seen him for days and that his parents had called Greeson s parents looking for him.He added that Howell was known to have a gun collection.According to Indiana court records, Howell was charged in October 2015 with intimidation and felony pointing a firearm at another person. On April 19, Howell pleaded guilty to misdemeanor intimidation, and prosecutors dropped the pointing a firearm charge. Court records show he was sentenced to a year in state prison and placed on probation. Under the deal, He agreed to forfeit all weapons during his term of probation.Oct 21, 2015- Around 11:17 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 15, Charlestown Police Department officers were dispatched to Winthrop Drive to investigate a report of James W. Howell, 19, pointing a gun at his neighbors, according to a police report.When the officers arrived, the neighbors pointed out Howell, who was then handcuffed until the officers could determine the nature of the allegations. While doing so, one officer noticed a Smith and Wesson handgun sticking out of the back waistband of his pants, which the officer secured in his car.One of the neighbors who reportedly had the gun pointed at him told officers he, his wife and several other neighbors and friends had been sitting on the porch having beers and discussing his cat being poisoned several months ago. At that point, a woman who lives at Howell s residence with her husband, who was on the porch, came around from the back of the house yelling that they were talking about her and calling her names. An argument ensued between the woman and the complainant, and Howell went into his residence and returned with a gun, witnesses said.The complainant said Howell pointed the gun at him and his wife, who said she would call the police. Howell withdrew the gun and went into the house.The officers said that the other complainants and witness stories were consistent and none seemed intoxicated. Two of them referred to an incident earlier in the day in which Howell had pointed his gun at his boyfriend. A report was taken after this incident as well. James is going to get someone hurt,  one witness said.  He needs to stop pointing guns at people. Federal and local law enforcement decided against canceling the annual parade, which went forward Sunday morning under tightened security. Investigators are now trying to piece together what happened but said they don t believe there is any connection between the incident and the massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla., that killed at least 50 people overnight.Early Sunday, Santa Monica police received a call about a suspected prowler who was knocking on a resident s door and window about 5 a.m. in the 1700 block of 11th Street, Santa Monica police said. Patrol officers responded and encountered Howell, who was sitting in a car registered in Indiana, police said. Officers inspected the car and found three assault rifles, high-capacity ammunition and a five-gallon bucket containing  chemicals capable of forming an improvised explosive device,  police said.A law enforcement source who spoke on condition of anonymity said the contents of the bucket included tannerite, an ingredient that could be used to create a pipe bomb. The maker of the material said that was not the case and that it can only be detonated by high-velocity impact such as a bullet strike. But tannerite is known as a material used in the construction of other types of explosive devices.The source, who was not authorized to speak publicly about the ongoing investigation, said authorities also found camouflage clothing in the car.Los Angeles County sheriff s officials said the suspect told police he was going to the Pride parade to look for a friend. Authorities were looking for that individual.Santa Monica police spokesman Saul Rodriguez said detectives are  not aware of what the suspect s intentions were at this point. Santa Monica police continued to search the suspect s white Acura on Sunday morning. All four of the car s doors were open and a green blanket, red gasoline canister and several other smaller items were being piled on the sidewalk next to it. The car s license plate included a symbol of the National Rifle Assn. on the left side and the bottom said,  Teaching Freedom. A Facebook page for Howell said he attended high school in Louisville, Ky., and lives in Jeffersonville, Ind., where he works for an air filtration company. A car enthusiast, Howell posted numerous photographs of the Acura along with a couple of videos taken from inside cars. Another 10-second video includes gunfire, with shots striking grass.Here is the comment James Wesley Howell made under the pro-Bernie Sanders meme:The site includes political posts, including one in which he compares Hillary Clinton to Adolf Hitler. In another, he repeats conspiracy theories that the government was behind notorious terrorist attacks, including Sept. 11, 2011. That post shares a video claiming that last year s terror attack on the Paris offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo was a hoax and attributable to the  New World Order. They found him with weapons that were very disconcerting,  said one source, adding officials are  taking the appropriate safety precautions. One source in West Hollywood said there was discussion of calling off the parade but that officials decided to go forward, with heavy security including undercover officers in the crowd. Via: LA Times ",0
20436,"BREAKING UPDATE: 50 DEAD, 53 Injured After U.S. Citizen, Muslim Extremist Who Was On FBI Radar Opens Fire During RAMADAN In WORST Mass Shooting In U.S. History…Father Of Muslim Terrorist Tells Why His Son Committed Horrific Act [VIDEO]","We ve heard it all before He was such a good boy this has nothing to do with his Muslim faith.  Never mind that he called 9-11 just before the attack and declared his allegiance to ISIS. The gunman who slaughtered at least 50 people after taking party-goers hostage inside a gay club in Orlando had pledged allegiance to Islamic State, according to California congressman Adam Schiff.Schiff, who serves as top Democrat on the House Select Committee on Intelligence, told CNN:  What I ve heard from the Department of Homeland Security this morning is that, according to local police, he made a pledge of allegiance to ISIL (ISIS).   He said the shooting was  highly indicative of an ISIL-inspired attack .Schiff added:  [He] was heard praying in a foreign language and I don t know if this was at some point during the course of the shooting but that s what I m hearing, obviously second hand, coming ultimately from local police. Mateen also called 911 shortly before the shooting and swore allegiance to the leader of ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, law enforcement officials told NBC News.Law enforcement sources have identified the shooter, who was wielding an AR-15 assault rifle and a handgun, as US citizen Omar Mateen, 29, from Port St. Lucie in Florida.The gunman, who was born to Afghan parents, opened fire on the dance floor inside Pulse night club in the early hours of this morning.At least 50 people were killed and 53 others were injured in the shooting in the deadliest mass shooting in US history. A surgeon at Orlando Regional Medical Center said the death toll was likely to climb.An FBI spokesman said the mass shooting is being investigated as an act of terrorism, adding that they are looking into whether this was an act of domestic or international terror, and if the shooter was a lone wolf.Schiff said in a statement:  This attack is so painfully reminiscent of the terrible attack at the Bataclan Theatre in Paris, and other ISIS-inspired attacks in recent years. The fact that this shooting took place during Ramadan and that ISIS leadership in Raqqa has been urging attacks during this time, that the target was an LGBT night club during Pride, and   if accurate   that according to local law enforcement the shooter declared his allegiance to ISIS, indicates an ISIS-inspired act of terrorism. Whether this attack was also ISIS-directed, remains to be determined. But Mateen s father, Mir Seddique, told NBC News his son became angry when he saw two men kissing in Miami several months ago.  This has nothing to do with religion,  he said.  We are saying we are apologizing for the whole incident. We weren t aware of any action he is taking. We are in shock like the whole country. They were kissing each other and touching each other and he said,  Look at that. In front of my son they are doing that . And then we were in the men s bathroom and men were kissing each other. Seddique said Mateen had a job in security and attended Indian River State College, as well as having an associates degree in criminal justice.He was a  known quantity  to the FBI and was investigated twice before the mass shooting. A senior law enforcement source told the Daily Beast that Mateen was a person of interest both in 2013 and again in 2014.An investigation was opened into the 29-year-old, but the case was closed when no evidence appeared to warrant further probing. He s a known quantity,  the source said.  He s been on the radar before. Writing on Facebook, Pulse, which described itself as the most prominent gay club in Orlando, urged party-goers to  get out and keep running  as bullets started flying at around 2am local time.Orlando Police Chief John Mina said the suspect exchanged gunfire with an officer working at the club around 2am, then went back inside and took hostages. There were about 320 people inside the club at the time of the shootings and about 100 people were taken hostage.At around 5am authorities sent in a SWAT team to rescue the hostages. Nine hero officers used a  controlled explosion  to distract the shooter before fatally shooting him and were able to rescue about 30 hostages who were hiding in the bathroom of the club.Heartbreaking texts were sent to this victims mother:Here are two additional texts that were sent to Mina Justice by her 30 year old son Eddie:A distraught mother is desperately looking for her son:During the gunfire, an officer was shot, but he was saved by his helmet. It was thought that at least one hostage had been locked in a bathroom with gunshot wounds.Watch here:Mayor Buddy Dyer said in a press conference:  Many were saved by the heroic efforts of the men and women of the OPD, the Orange County Sheriffs, Seminal County Sheriff s office. At around 6am local time police tweeted:  Pulse Shooting: The shooter inside the club is dead. Twitter accounts which claim to be affiliated to the Islamic State have hailed the shooting, although DailyMail.com cannot confirm whether the terror group was behind the attack.U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson identified the shooter as Mateen, citing law enforcement officials in speaking to reporters.Mateen, a Muslim and father to a three-year-old son, was born in 1986 in New York and married Sitora Alisherzoda Yusufiy, who was born in Uzbekistan, in 2009.His father told NBC News:  We were in Downtown Miami, Bayside, people were playing music. And he saw two men kissing each other in front of his wife and kid and he got very angry.Via: Daily Mail ",0
20437,CROOKED HILLARY’S BIGGEST NIGHTMARE: Brilliant Filmmaker Finds A Way To Turn Hillary’s Emails Into A Movie For Every American To See [VIDEO],"The movie that Hillary will NOT want America to see Hillary Clinton s staff are currently giving depositions under oath about how she got away with having an allegedly illegal private email server when conducting matters of national security.The depositions are being filmed, but Hillary s lawyers have managed to persuade a judge to block the release of the tapes in case they are used to make her look bad in the election!This is amazing and unacceptable that films, showing the truth are being blocked from the American people, especially in the run-up to an election.Film Director, Phelim McAleer and Producers Ann McElhinney and Magdalena Segieda have managed to find a way around this. George Orwell described journalism as  something somebody somewhere doesn t want published.  So they are going to commit a series of acts of journalism.The deposition transcripts have been released and they are re-enacting and filming highlights of the depositions.Here is a peek into what the film looks like so far:An URGENT Message from Film Director Phelim McAleer: Today we re releasing a film of Cheryl Mills  deposition highlights, using the transcript her actual words. Cheryl Mills has worked for the Clintons for almost 30 years. She was Hillary s Chief of Staff at the State Department.Cheryl Mills  evidence is amazing, full of classic Clintonian evasions. She used the phrase  I don t remember  or  I don t recall  189 times. This deserves to be brought to a wider audience not censored and hidden away. And we now have it on film. (You can share the film with your friends by sending them to ClintonEmailsOnFilm.com.)These short videos will be:  The Films that Hillary Clinton Doesn t Want You to See. There will be a total of five short films ending with Huma Abedin s deposition at the end of the month. And if the depositions uncover enough evidence, then the judge could give them permission to depose Hillary. That will be a great film!Here s how the #NeverHillary  every day Americans  can help make the movie that Hillary will NOT want America to see:We need your help to finish the videos. The American people deserve to see what s being said in these depositions. To make a video of each of the deposition, we need to raise at least $84,000. We launched a crowdfuding campaign so people like yourself can donate and make these videos possible: www.ClintonEmailsOnFilm.comBy supporting this project, you re making a statement: TRUTH IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN POLITICS.Click HERE to donate!Please choose a perk, make a contribution, and spread this campaign far and wide. Tell your friends, family, neighbors, and coworkers. Send them to ClintonEmailsOnFilm.com.Let s send a message to Hillary and her lawyers: They can t stand in the way of the truth.Thank you for your support! ",0
20438,New Book Reveals HILLARY’S ANTI-SEMITIC SIDE: Blamed Bill’s Campaign Manager For Losing Congressional Race…Called Him A “F*cking Jew B*stard”,"Hillary doesn t recall saying it, but Bill s campaign manager, Paul Fray clearly remembers her saying it. Just another Hillary lie what different does it make? Hillary Clinton is fighting a rearguard action to avoid further damage to her standing with the crucial Jewish vote in her campaign for a Senate seat after a claim that she once used an ethnic insult against one of Bill Clinton s aides.A book out today claims that 26 years ago she called Paul Fray, her husband s campaign manager at the time, a  fucking Jew bastard .Mrs Clinton denied the allegation and pressed the president into supporting her, but the author, Jerry Oppenheimer, said:  Three witnesses have now publicly acknowledged that she said it. I have never said anything like that, ever,  Mrs Clinton said.  I have in the past certainly, you know maybe, called somebody a name. But I have never used an ethnic, racial, anti-Semitic, bigoted, discriminatory, prejudiced, accusation against anybody. I ve never done it. I ve never thought it. Mr Clinton, who was trying to bring about a Middle East peace deal at Camp David, backed her up.  I was there on election night in 1974 and the charge is simply not true,  he said. She might have called him a bastard, I wouldn t rule that out. She s never claimed that she was pure on profanity. But I ve never heard her tell a joke with an ethnic connotation. She s so fanatic about it. It s not in her. Referring to a  vast rightwing conspiracy  in previous elections, he said:  This is part of a pattern. They couldn t defeat me politically and they can t defeat her politically so they go after us personally. Accounts of the dispute on election night 1974, when Mr Clinton failed to win a congressional seat representing Arkansas, have appeared before without the ethnic insult.Those present at the inquest into the defeat were Mr Clinton, his then-girlfriend Hillary, his campaign manager Paul Fray, and Mr Fray s wife, Mary Lee. Neill McDonald, a campaign worker, was just outside the room and claims to have heard everything.The Frays and Mr McDonald are the three witnesses on whom Mr Oppenheimer, a former reporter on the National Inquirer tabloid, relies for the passage in his book State of a Union: Inside the Complex Marriage of Bill and Hillary Clinton.Mr Fray, 57, said yesterday:  I was a little defensive about it. I looked to the floor thinking  How do I respond?  I didn t mind being called a son-of-a-bitch, but when it came to attacking my culture, that s a whole  nother ballgame. You ve got to understand it was the heat of the moment. We knew we had lost. It was a case of people lashing out at one another and it just got to that point. Mr Fray is actually a Southern Baptist but says that he is one-eighth Jewish through his great-grandfather.Mrs Fray said that her husband s recollection of the meeting, which lasted about an hour, was accurate. Mr McDonald said:  I don t know what provoked it or what. I just remember that one little comment.  Via: The Guardian ",0
20439,DEMOCRATS FUMING Over Vote To Keep “Hurtful” Word In Library Of Congress,"The left wants to change  hurtful  words to whatever they deem to be ok but they got some push back with the order to keep the word  illegal alien  in the Library of Congress In a victory against political correctness, the House voted to order the Library of Congress to continue referring to  illegal aliens  rather than change the designation to  noncitizen. The party line vote had Democrats fuming, claiming the term was  pejorative  and that liberal doublespeak can never be repealed once it s in use.Well that s not exactly what one Democrat said. Texas Democrat Rep. Joaquin Castro told the House,  The words  illegal alien  will be retired. This will change, whether it s now or six months from now or 10 years from now. For the first time in history, conservatives hijacked a legislative appropriations bill to stop the Library of Congress from abandoning the term  illegal alien  from how it catalogs the 162 million-item collection it manages. Texas Congressman Joaquin Castro attempted to make an amendment to the legislation allowing the Library of Congress to make the change, but it failed to gain traction in the Republican-dominated House. Each year, the Library of Congress makes thousands of changes to its subject headings; in 2015 alone, it added 4,934 new subject headings. Never before has Congress weighed in on the Library of Congress  subject headings in any way, let alone legislated on the issue,  Castro said in a statement.Via: PJ Media",0
20440,HYPOCRITE BILLY CRYSTAL INJECTS JAB At Trump In Eulogy To Ali That’s Curiously Similar To A Clinton Speech,"The bashing of Donald Trump is getting so old and tiresome. People with common sense know the truth and know what the left is trying to do. It s the same old playbook of demonizing what you don t like repeatedly. The problem is that Americans are finally wising up to this Alinsky strategy. You d think the liberals are all coordinating their talking points .hummm  Billy Crystal bashed Trump during his eulogy of Ali in a line similar to Clinton s speech on Tuesday: life is best when you build bridges between people, not walls. Do you think for one minute that Trump would have gotten where he is if he d not reached out to people and built bridges literally and figuratively? The reason Trump wants to build a literal wall with Mexico is that,  without borders, we don t have a country . We can certainly reach out to others but Trump knows open borders DO NOT WORK! Just take a look at Europe and the EU! What a mess! Trump has said he wants LEGAL IMMIGRATION and doesn t want ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION! He s protecting the people of America and that s putting America first!The problem with Billy Crystal s swipe at Trump is that he isn t practicing what he preaches. Anyone who knows Los Angeles knows that the homes have gates and walls. Well, Billy Crystal has walls and a fence surrounding his home people in glass houses!It was easy to get photos above of the fence and wall around Billy Crystal s home but we can t just walk onto his property uninvited. Isn t that the same as people walking over our border illegally?Comedian Billy Crystal gave an emotional tribute during Muhammad Ali s funeral on Friday, but may have sneaked in a low-key dig at Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Crystal, a friend of The Champ s for more than 40 years, said at the end of his eulogy for the boxer in the KFC Yum! Center in Louisville, Kentucky that Ali  taught us that life is best when you build bridges between people, not walls.  That line Crystal said sounds similar to what Hillary Clinton said during her victory speech on Tuesday.  We believe that cooperation is better than conflict, unity is better than division, empowerment is better than resentment, and bridges are better than walls,  the Democratic presidential candidate front-runner said. Read more: Daily Mail",0
20441,SURPRISE! HISPANIC REPORTER Tries To Call Injured White Guy A “Racist”…Gets Unexpected Smack Down By Black Friend,"This video is just one of many examples showing the truth about the manufactured race war in America created by Obama, his friends at Univision and Black Lives Matter terror groups.",0
20442,TERROR GROUP PLANS VIOLENCE AGAINST TRUMP SUPPORTERS: Shocking Flier Reveals Calls For VIOLENCE: “Smash White Supremacy”,"This call to violence by the Left against innocent people who don t agree with their radical ideology, is eerily similar to the tactics used by terror groups in the Middle East. These are acts of terror that are being overlooked by our President and our DOJ, simply because they understand that this is the only way to stop Trump is by striking fear in the hearts of his supporters A picture of a flier that s been circulating in the Richmond, VA area is going viral. The intent of this flier is clearly to stir up hate and encourage violence against Trump supporters who plan to attend Trump s upcoming rally. This type of organization to create chaos and fear is how the Left wins elections, how the unions get what they want and how our PRESIDENT and his cronies operate behind closed doors at our White House. This flier is laced with hate, fear mongering and calls to violence, but you will never see it being shown to the general public by the mainstream media, as it crushes their narrative that the Trump supporters and conservatives of America are somehow promoting violence and  fear mongering  to get votes. This incendiary flier is summarized at the bottom by claiming,  They [Trump supporters] have promised us violence, and we must promise them the same.  Can someone please provide us with one iota of evidence that shows Trump supporters asking other supporters to violently attack innocent people who disagree with their political views?America needs to stand up to these coordinated efforts by talking to their neighbors, relatives, friends, co-workers and even to members of their churches. Sunlight is the best disinfectant. If the media won t report this, we need to speak up and let everyone know what is happening h/t Weasel Zippers",0
20443,THIS ONE IS SPOT ON! The Democrat Party In a Nutshell,THERE MAY BE SOME THAT WOULD CHANGE A FEW OF THE DESCRIPTIONS BUT THIS IS PRETTY DARN CLOSE:,0
20444,BEAUTIFUL YOUNG REPORTER Spit On By Muslim Thugs During Live Report,Two Muslims spit on a Dutch reporter and then flipped her off as they rode away. Who does this? Sick animals! ,0
20445,SCREAMING LEFTISTS Interrupt Trump Speech…Crowd Goes Wild! [Video],Screaming leftists interrupted Donald Trump s speech today at the Faith and Freedom Conference in Washington DC. Trump blamed Democrats for the latest outburst. ,0
20446,"The “Brown” The Media Wont’ Cover Because He Wasn’t Killed By A White Cop…Raekwon Juaquay Brown,17 Year Old Hero Sacrifices His Life To Save An Elderly Woman","If his name was Michael Brown if he robbed a local convenience store and roughed up the store manager if he tried to take a gun from the cop who confronted him and was killed by it in the struggle, the media might have covered it. But this was just an innocent 17 year old boy minding his own business when he was faced with the awful decision of whether to risk his own life and save the life of a total stranger or stand back and watch an elderly woman be killed. This hero chose to sacrifice his own life. If we lived in a world where real heroism is not celebrated because it s not controversial. In a good and decent world, Raekwon Juaquay Brown s name would be more of a household name than that of thug Michael Brown. But we live in a world where the Left celebrates victimhood and real or imagined, a good victim can always be used to prop up a cause. #RIP Raekwon Juaquay Brown you are a hero. Seventeen-year-old Raekwon Juaquay Brown sacrificed his life when he pushed an elderly woman out of the way of gunfire before he was slain in Wednesday s daylight shooting near Jeremiah E. Burke High School, the grief-stricken lady told the Herald just hours before a vigil honoring the young hero. He saved my life   I have a new life,  the woman, 67, said in Spanish yesterday while tears streamed down her face. He was only 17. I ve lived here 10 years, I ve never seen anything like this. There needs to be more police here,  she said, showing a wound to her right ankle, where police say she was grazed.The woman was one of four people struck by gunfire in the 1:15 p.m. ambush that left Brown, a Burke High junior, dead. Her name is being withheld by the Herald because she is a witness to the murder.She explained she was in an alley by a pizza shop when the shooting broke out. The teen, who was sitting down eating a hamburger, got up and pushed her to the side by a car, she claimed.Last night hundreds of people, including at least a dozen family members, crowded in front of the market on Washington Street less than a block from the school where Brown fell.Some men turned and walked away in tears while several women dabbed their eyes with tissues from a box that was being passed around. Brown s mother, Wanda Graddy, supported by several relatives, walked toward a memorial for her son, where she cried,  My boy, my boy. The Rev. William Dickerson of the Greater Love Tabernacle Church spoke first and called for the killer to step forward and for witnesses to name him. We pray that justice will come in the midst of this terrible reality,  Dickerson said.Family members said they hope that whoever pulled the trigger will surrender. Stop being cowards,  said Raekwon s older brother, John Brown.  Stand up like a man. Take your consequences. Beside him was the slain teen s godmother, Jacqueline Cane. I just want you to know, whoever did it, turn yourself in,  she said.  You re not going to sleep until you turn yourself in. That was a good guy here. This was my God-baby. Seventeen years old, you took his life. Turn yourself in or you will never rest. Mourners said another prayer and then hugged as they departed.Burke school staff also took time out from the day to recall Brown as a selfless teen. Raekwon was probably one of the most loving and caring students I have ever had in the Sophomore Academy,  said Cheryl Windle, leader for the academy.  He actually had this warmth about him that I really believe captures his true essence. He will truly be missed by all of us here at the Burke community. Lindsa McIntyre, headmaster of Burke, said students and staff will miss Brown dearly.  He came to us as a vibrant, struggling, middle school student, looking for fun and full of vim and vigor. But as he grew in his high school career, he became a metamorphosis for what a real Burke student looks like. Via: Boston Herald",0
20447,WATCH: JUAN HERNANDEZ Tells How He Was CHASED And BEATEN By Anti-Trump COWARDS Who Sucker Punch People And Run In Packs,"This is what happens when you cross the Left. Sadly, this is how unions have been operating for decades. Mainstream America is about to see the ugly truth about the violent tactics of the Left. Anyone who could vote for a party who represents itself in such a manner should be ashamed. By Juan Hernandez   A Hispanic Trump supporter who lives in Santa Clara, CA.Last Thursday, I left work about 5 p.m. and drove to the San Jose Convention Center to hear Donald Trump speak.I ve been voting for conservative candidates for 15 years and a registered Republican since 2015. Now that the general election is underway, I believe Trump is the best candidate to fix our country s many problems, and I believe he s going to be the next commander in chief. So I was excited to hear him, and to show my support. Walking into the rally with a friend, I was a little wary: Trump s speech to the California Republican convention in Burlingame had been disrupted by protesters, and I wasn t sure whether to expect a similar scene in San Jose. But we got to the event early, and we must have been inside already by the time a crowd of protesters gathered in the streets near the convention center.The speech really got me energized. I got a new sense of appreciation and respect for Trump after a Bernie Sanders supporter interrupted him with a sign. Trump didn t blink:  Darling, there s no way he can win, but keep your sign high,  he said. That is the president that I want. It was great being around so many Republicans   in the Bay Area, we don t have a lot of that, so it was great to feel the camaraderie of being part of the GOP.My trouble began once the rally was over.My friend and I joined a crowd of Trump supporters who had all left the convention center around the same time. The garage where we had parked our car was right next to the building, but police were directing everyone around the block to another garage entrance instead. The farther we walked, the fewer Trump fans were with us   people began peeling off to go to restaurants or bars in the area, or to other garages nearby.And suddenly, there were protesters everywhere. Some were holding Mexican flags, or burning American ones. They were yelling  F  Trump!  at us and cornering us. Some of them started grabbing Trump supporters   they were going up and slugging people, sucker-punching people, just picking random people out. As much as we wanted to help, because our fellow Republicans were getting hit, I knew any moment that could be me. So my friend and I just kept walking   sometimes, we d be running. We saw police standing nearby, but they didn t do anything. That scared me, because I thought,  Okay, if I m next, there s going to be no cops. About a block from the garage entrance, we turned down the street and found a line of protesters standing in our way. To get back to our car, we d have to go through them. My friend and I were wearing  Make America Great Again  Trump hats. We were targets, and I was terrified. I could feel it coming   they would look at me and start walking up to me.Before we could make it into the garage, four or five men surrounded me, and another four surrounded my friend. They just started swinging. We swung back as best as we could. My main thing was I didn t want to fall; I didn t want to be knocked down. I m not a big guy, but I can defend myself as best I can if it s one on one   but not when they have so much anger against us.One of the blows caught my nose, and blood just started pouring out. That kind of stunned them, and they backed off a quick second. My adrenaline kicked in; I felt punches on my head, and I felt the punch that hit my nose, but I was in survival mode by then, and I didn t realize until later how much it hurt. I called my friend,  Okay, let s go! We ran into the parking garage, and we thought we were safe, but there were another few dozen protesters there, too. We got in our car and headed toward the exit. Some protesters jumped on the cars in front of us, but we eventually made it out. My friend drove me to the emergency room because my nose was pouring blood. I had a broken nose, and because I was covered with scratches, I had to get a tetanus shot, too. It took a lot out of me, much more than I realized at first; my headaches and soreness didn t start to go away until a week later.WATCH HERE:I still can t believe how poorly the police handled the protests. I live by Levi s Stadium, where the Super Bowl was. They had every single cop out there. Yet knowing the violence that s been breaking out near Trump rallies, San Jose wasn t prepared for it last week? So the Los Angeles chapter of Log Cabin Republicans held a news conference back in San Jose on Wednesday, to get some answers from the city s mayor, Sam Liccardo, and its police department about why they let me and other people get attacked and only made a few arrests.The whole thing made me angry. Here in Northern California, I feel like I m a unicorn: I m a gay Hispanic who s a Republican. It was much harder to come out as a Trump supporter than it was to come out as gay   the minute you say you re for Trump, everyone comes at you   but this has pushed me out of the closet about it completely.I should be able to vote for whom I want, and I shouldn t have to deal with violence to go hear my candidate speak. If people really want to protest at rallies, they should do it peacefully. I have a young niece and nephew, and I don t want them to think this is how politics work in the United States. We can t let our freedom of speech and our freedom of assembly be tarnished by politicians like those in San Jose who do not have our safety at heart. Follow Juan Hernandez on Twitter: @mrjuanhernandezVia: Washington Post",0
20448,WATCH THIS: DID GOOGLE MANIPULATE Search For Hillary Clinton For Favorable Results? [Video],"While researching for a wrap-up on the June 7 Presidential Primaries, we discovered evidence that Google may be manipulating autocomplete recommendations in favor of Hillary Clinton. If true, this would mean that Google Searches aren t objectively reflecting what the majority of Internet searches are actually looking for, possibly violating Google s algorithm. According to a research paper cited in this video, that kind of search result manipulation has the potential to substantially influence the outcome of actual elections. ",0
20449,"BERNIE SANDERS THANKS OBAMA For Not Endorsing A Candidate…Only Hours Later, Obama Endorses Crooked Hillary [VIDEO]","Sorry Bernie, but it s all about Obama s third term and he s not about to let some geriatric socialist screw that up for him The Democrats true, Hillary-loving, stacking the deck, anti-democracy colors came through loud and clear today when President Obama screwed over Bernie Sanders just hours after he played nice and shook his hand during a private White House meeting.Here is Bernie Sanders still at the White House thanking Obama for not endorsing a candidate while he is still in the race (Sanders says he is staying in through the last primary which is next week).#Democratic candidate @BernieSanders thanked @POTUS Obama and VP @JoeBiden for their impartiality #voanews pic.twitter.com/Qyk72eg7ja  The Voice of America (@VOANews) June 9, 2016Just a few hours later, Barack Obama decided he couldn t wait a week until Sanders backed out and endorsed Hillary anyhow.",0
20450,NEW AGE GURU Dr. Deepak Chopra Says Trump May Be “Mentally Retarded” [VIDEO],"Pathetic New Age guru and alternative medicine activist Dr. Deepak Chopra attacked Donald Trump Tuesday in an interview on Fox News  The Alan Colmes Show, during which he called the presumptive GOP presidential nominee both  emotionally  and  mentally retarded. Chopra, 68, said that Trump epitomizes, among other things, the  darkest demons  of America s  collective psyche. I would never say this unless I believed it was 100% true, but he represents the racist, the bigot, the one who s prejudiced, the one who is full of fear and hatred, the one who represents emotional retardation of a three-year old,  Chopra said of Trump.  And yet he s so popular because he s given permission to our collective psyche to express their darkest demons. Radio host Colmes asked Chopra if Trump is himself a racist and bigot, or whether he just represents those ideologies to his supporters. I think he is,  Chopra said, adding:  I think he s racist, he s bigoted, he s prejudiced. He s full of fear. He is angry. He has a lot of hatred. He pouts, he s belligerent, he s emotionally retarded. Via: Breitbart News",0
20451,TX Valedictorian With Full Ride Scholarship To YALE UNIVERSITY Reveals She Is ILLEGAL ALIEN In Graduation Speech…Trashes Trump [VIDEO],"Wow .just wow! This is a great article for anyone whose  child is a LEGAL American citizen and got a 4.0 or greater in high school and was rejected by Yale University. A Texas high school valedictorian has revealed she is an illegal immigrant in her graduation speech.Larissa Martinez told classmates at McKinney Boyd High School that she was one of the 11million undocumented citizens living in the United States after she fled her abusive and alcoholic father in Mexico.The 18-year-old, who has been offered a full scholarship to Yale, said she decided against giving her classmates the  traditional Hallmark version  of the speech and instead opted for the truth. The teenager told the crowd of thousands:  Immigrants, undocumented or otherwise, are people too . We are here without documentation because the US immigration system is broken and forces many families to live in fear.  She also used the speech to slam Donald Trump s plans to build a wall based on  hate and prejudice .Martinez paid tribute to her friends and her mother during the emotional speech, adding that it had taken her years to drum up the courage to reveal her background: While mothers move mountains for their children, you literally moved countries for my sister and me,  she said. I d like to offer you a different kid of speech. One that offers expectations versus reality.  Many of you see me standing up here and assume my life must be pretty great and my parents must be very proud.  Nevertheless its important to note that these are only the half truths. Those are the expectations  My reality is quite different. On July 11 it will be exactly six years since I moved to McKinney from Mexico City where I was born and raised.For entire story: Daily Mail ",0
20452,LIBERAL JOURNALIST Goes To Border Gets Shocking Answers About Wall With Mexico [Video],"A  liberal Reporter  for Esquire got a dose of reality when he went along the border and asked  anyone he saw  to weigh in on what needs to be done on the border to stop illegals. What he got was a very surprising result! Most everyone he asked wanted a border wall but most shocking to the journalist was the positive Hispanic response.Esquire sent a journalist to Texas with orders to survey the people living along the border and ask them what they think needs to be done to stop the flow of illegal immigrants.The magazine s editor-in-chief, Jay Fielden, recently appeared on MSNBC s  Morning Joe  to explain what happened when Esquire sent what host Joe Scarborough referred to as a  liberal journalist  to the Texas-Mexico border. Fielden said he instructed the reporter to  go down there with no preconceived notions, just an empty notebook. Fielden, a former Texan, explained the assignment was to drive or walk the 800-mile border and  talk to whoever you see and let them tell us what s really going on and whether we need a wall,  he told Scarborough and his panel. They said,  Build the wall,  Fielden said, adding,  Hispanic, Anglo, Democratic, Republican, uncommitted, clueless, whatever, they said,  We want a wall, and we want it tied to some compassion. Most of those Hispanics are first-generation and they see it as unfair,  he said.  I think they feel, as one guy said,  Get in line.  Via: The Blaze",0
20453,HILLARY LIES AGAIN…She’s NOT The First Female Presidential Nominee …She’s Not Even the First Female COMMUNIST Nominee …Here’s PROOF,"What a role model for women and young girls, a presidential candidate who has one foot in prison and the other on the campaign trail That Hillary If she s not lying she s never mind, she s probably lying  Clinton is merely the first woman to earn a major party nod   but she follows these party standard-bearers who also tried to break the ultimate glass ceiling:1872: Equal Rights Party, Victoria WoodhullNearly 50 years before women earned the right to vote, Victoria Woodhull headlined a progressive all-star ticket, running with former slave and abolitionist leader Fredrick Douglass. Woodhull s agenda was well ahead of the Reconstructionist times; the newspaper editor turned Presidential nominee championed suffrage, civil rights and free love   which is a radical threesome.1888: Equal Rights Party, Belva LockwoodLockwood was born in a log cabin and the first woman to argue a case before the Supreme Court, but her bootstraps story didn t impress some wags of the day.  Old lady Lockwood,  the Atlanta Constitution warned, would subject the country to  petticoat rule.  She got 4,100 votes in an age when half the electorate   women   still could not vote and most blacks were still disenfranchised.1940: Surprise Party, Gracie AllenLike Donald Trump s candidacy, what began as a joke between comedian Gracie Allen and her husband and show time side-kick George Burns, soon became a national amusement. Allen, who s political slogan was  Down with common sense, vote for Gracie  and vowed to resolve the California-Florida boundary dispute, seized the nation s attention with a series of campaign stops and satirical policy platform. It s estimated that she received 42,000 votes in November.1968: Communist Party USA, Charlene MitchellMitchell, a card-carrying member of the CPUSA from age 16, was the first African-American woman to be nominated for president. The ticket, which made it onto only two state ballots, received just over 1,000 votes.1972: Socialist Worker s Party, Linda JennessAt age 31, Jenness could not have actually served if she had been elected   but that was part of the point.  We think that constitutional requirement is ridiculous,  Jenness said.  Turning 35 does not make you a genius, politically, as so many of our politicians have proven.  Jenness was an outspoken anti-war candidate and vocal critic of rival nominees, the Republican Richard Nixon and Democratic George McGovern.1976: People s Party, Margaret WrightThe World War II shipyard worker featured in the 1980 documentary  The Life and Times of Rosie the Riveter  fronted the People s Party ticket, a coalition of various socialist and anti-war organizations. The party received 49,016 votes, or .06% of the national total.1980: Right to Life Party, Ellen McCormackMcCormack s single-issue candidacy brought the pro-life agenda to the nation s attention. After a successful run as a Democrat that earned her 238,000 primary votes and raised over $500,000 in campaign contributions, McCormack s 1980 campaign received 32,000 votes in the three states in which she qualified.  I think we are teaching working mothers it is more prestigious to work than be home with their children,  the self-described housewife once said.1984: Citizens Party, Sonia JohnsonFor entire list go here: NYDaily News ",0
20454,DETROIT FREE PRESS EDITOR Calls For Gruesome Murder Of MI GOP Lawmakers,"Read anything Stephen Henderson has written over the past year and you will be hard pressed to find a single piece where he is not crying about some injustice either he or his fellow black man has suffered. Anyone who reads his whiny drivel for more than a couple of months will likely need some sort of therapy to keep them from wanting to jump off the nearest ledge on a tall building. Henderson is a perfect example of the wussification of the male in the United States. We ve met and spoken with him before. Henderson is not embarrassed to say he s a hardened liberal. He blames it on his U of D Catholic High School education. He claims they  pumped liberalism and social justice through his veins.  As a Catholic, I find this type of rhetoric gut-wrenching, irresponsible and the furthest thing from the type of love and compassion for my neighbor I learned as a young Catholic. If representatives of working citizens who live in the suburbs of Detroit, refuse to burden them with hundreds of millions of tax dollars to bail out the failed Detroit Public Schools (yet again), Stephen Henderson says they should be murdered.Stephen Henderson, the Pulitzer prize-winning editorial page editor of the Detroit Free Press has called for the murder of Michigan lawmakers with whom he disagrees.The reason? The lawmakers voted for legislation that would give parents more choices to avoid Michigan s failing public schools. Detroit s public schools are failing academically and nearly insolvent, the New York Times wrote in January. The Detroit News wrote in March that  the statewide opinion of K-12 education is downright ugly.  That poll showed residents didn t think throwing money at public-union-controlled schools was the answer, with 63 percent saying it takes more than money to improve education.Yesterday Michigan s Republican legislators voted to bail out Detroit s abysmally run schools with $617 million in taxpayer funding. The same bill also fought efforts to constrain charter school choices in Detroit. Prior to the vote, Stephen Henderson wrote on his editorial page:We really ought to round up the lawmakers who took money to protect and perpetuate the failing charter-school experiment in Detroit, sew them into burlap sacks with rabid animals, and toss them into the Straits of Mackinac.That s harsh. Maybe.But isn t that what the Romans or Greeks or some other early practitioners of democracy used to do with solicitous and unprincipled public officials?And this legislation that passed the state House of Representatives Thursday night, the one that bows to the thoroughly debunked theory that a free-for-all, market-based approach to public schooling will produce quality choices for Detroit parents?It is garbage.It is bought-and-paid-for work product from a legislative body whose leader, the maladroit thinker Kevin Cotter, has sold his caucus  political soul to the high-bidding DeVos family and other charter advocates and told himself it s about belief, not money.In the most crass terms, the House of Representatives is telling parents in Detroit that the best we deserve is what we have now. Public schools that have been underfunded and torn asunder by depopulation and corruption. Charters opening and closing willy-nilly, many to profit off the traditioal public schools  misery, but offering alternatives in name only to the public schools they claim to outperform. The bragging that charter advocates do about the sliver of daylight between the outcomes of charters and traditional public schools would be roll-on-the-floor funny if it weren t so condescending, and it it didn t heartily embrace the idea of calcified inequality.It is every bit deserving of an old-school retributive response.A sack. An animal. A lake.No lover of actual democracy could weep at that outcome.Stephen Henderson s tweeted his Detroit Free Press article and added this disgusting commentary:GOP House harlots deserve worse than hanging for selling out #detroit kids on #DPS bills. https://t.co/zbPajL81qq  Stephen Henderson (@SHendersonFreep) June 3, 2016 ",0
20455,COME TO ITALY AS A REFUGEE And Work For FREE…Italy’s Interior Minister Fed Up With Financial Burden On Citizens,"First the mafia announced that they re all done playing games with these freeloaders, and now the government is putting them on notice. They re will be no more fun and games for these Muslim migrants The Italian interior minister has suggested that asylum seekers should work for free as the country creaks under the burden of thousands of immigrants arriving via the Mediterranean sea each week.Angelino Alfano made the announcement yesterday in a meeting with regional mayors as it was reported that another 9,000 migrants flocked to Italy this week alone.Italian officials have repeatedly called for assistance in rescuing and resettling migrants crossing from North Africa into Europe. More than 30,000 migrants have crossed the Mediterranean into Italy so far this year and tensions and tensions are only increasing, with anti-migrant rhetoric from politicians and locals threatening to turn into violence.In the meeting, Alfano said:  We must ask the municipalities to apply our directive and make migrants work for free  Rather than leave them with nothing to do, they should make them work. The statement echoed a previous announcement by the Italian interior ministry s immigration chief, Mario Morcone, who said that migrants should be employed on environmental projects  for the common good , where they would only qualify for health insurance and would not be paid a salary.Asylum seekers cannot legally work in Italy until six months after they have applied for a work permit, meaning that many of them are unemployed. The recent deluge has also created regional tensions, with Val d Aoste in northwestern Italy saying on Wednesday that they will refuse to accept any additional migrants.In response to the deaths of thousands of migrants being smuggled across the Mediterranean, the European Union last month promised to triple its funding to maritime operations in the region. Via: Europe Newsweek ",0
20456,ITALIAN CATHOLICS TOLD TO “PRAY SILENTLY” So As Not To “Offend” Muslim Refugees Living In Church [VIDEO],"Italian Catholics are essentially being told to pray silently (hide their religious convictions) to avoid offending anyone, while Muslims are living free of charge in their church? I can t be the only Catholic who has a problem with this Parishioners in the Italian parish of St. Anthony in Ventimiglia, a small town in northwestern Italy about four miles from the border of France, were ordered Saturday by a Catholic aid organization volunteer to pray the Rosary silently so the Muslim migrants living in the church would not be offended.With a population of about 55,000, Ventimiglia has been overwhelmed by Muslim migrants, receiving over 50 every day, many of which are housed in Catholic churches.ANSA reports a parishioner snapped back at the volunteer, telling him to  bring migrants into another church.  The parish priest, Don Rito, instead took the parishioners to another church close by where they could pray out loud.Migrants have been pouring into the little town on their way to France and locals feel overwhelmed. The mayor of Ventimiglia, Enrico Ioculano, said the situation is  untenable.  But the Italian government and Caritas seem to do little to help the burden; already in the first five months of 2016 it has cost the town  220,000, less than half of which will be funded by the government.Caritas is also doing little to allay the town s burden. While it helps migrants who want to file for refugee status, saying they have  a special channel,  in March the local director said the organization can only afford to provide  for a few days  those who are passing through, whether they stay for a day or weeks.The Lepanto Institute describes Caritas Internationalis as a confederation of 165 Catholic relief, development and social service organizations operating in over 200 countries and territories worldwide.It has been exposed by the American Life League as being part of the Marxist organization the World Social Forum, promoting communism, abortion, and homosexuality throughout the world.WATCH HERE:Via: Church Militant",0
20457,NORWEGIAN GOVERNMENT RETURNS 5 Children To Family After Removing Them From Home For “Christian Radicalism And Indoctrination”,"How does one reconcile this insane interference by the government over how a legal Norwegian family practices their Christian faith, while opening their borders to radicalized Muslim male  refugees ? A Christian family has been reunited with their children after losing an appeal in Norway in Dec, 2015, to have their children returned, after the government forcibly removed five children from their home. The public is reacting with outrage.Marius Bodnariu, a Romanian, and his Norwegian wife Ruth, former members of the Pentecostal Church in Bucharest, moved to Naustdal, Norway 10 years ago, where they raised five children. As reported by Marius  brother Daniel, on November 16, Norway s child welfare services took away the Bodnarius  two oldest children, showing up at their school and removing them from class without their parents  knowledge. Police later that day arrived at the Bodnarius  home and also forcibly removed the two older boys, leaving Ruth with her three-month-old baby, who was taken away the following day by police as well.Two days later, child welfare services notified the parents that their children were in the care of two separate foster families and were  integrating  well. One of the officials reportedy said to Ruth,  The kids don t even miss you. What kind of parents are you?  Marius and Ruth were later informed by the government that they were guilty of  Christian radicalism and indoctrination. Apparently, the children s removal was instigated by the school principal, who complained to child welfare services that the Bodnarius were  very Christian  and their belief that God punishes sin  creates a disability in the children.  Accordingly, the principal believed the parents needed  guidance  from the government in raising their family. The principal also cited concerns over discipline in the family home, as occasional corporal punishment is used. But after physical examination of the children (the three-month-old was subjected to x-rays and a CT scan), no physical abuse was discovered. Child welfare services is claiming, however, that Marius is physically abusive, while he and Ruth are vehemently denying the claims.A hearing held November 27 dismissed the Bodnarius  appeal to be reunited with their children. The court ruled instead that they were to remain in the care of their foster parents, while Marius and Ruth could visit their three-month-old son twice a week for two hours. They could see their two older sons as well, but the court refused to grant them visitation rights for their daughters. The parents are considering further legal action.Meanwhile, a petition begun in support of the family has collected nearly 30,000 signatures, and a Facebook page has been set up documenting the family s ordeal.On December 2, Romanian senator Titus Corlatean spoke on the Bodnarius  behalf to the Commission for equality and nondiscrimination of the Parliamentary Assembly of the European Council (PAEC) in Paris. Corlatean condemned what he deemed abusive conduct on the part of the Norwegian government, and asked that the Assembly investigate. He also noted prior actions on the part of Norway s child welfare services that involved splitting children from their parents based on groundless accusations.Marius  brother writes:I testify, and vehemently vouch, for Marius and Ruth having given birth to and raised a  normal  family with Christian values. These parents love their children and have taken every imaginable step in raising their children with loving caring in all aspects of their well-being. The tearing apart of their family by the Barnevernet [child welfare services] is a living nightmare for Marius and Ruth. Their hope is founded, and rests, in God; He can change any situation and He is always in control! Via: Church Militant",0
20458,"YIKES! TRUMP ANNOUNCES “Major Speech” About Hillary On Monday: “I think you’re going to find it very informative and very, very interesting”",Crooked Hillary has met her match:  Hillary Clinton turned the State Department into her private hedge fund. Here is Trump s speech in its entirety. It is one of his best speeches to date and truly worth watching to the end.https://youtu.be/nO7GAbBoIF0,0
20459,MOM NOT HAPPY: TRANSGENDER BOY BEATS DAUGHTER In Girls 100 Meter Running Race [VIDEO],"Sorry Leftists the DNA doesn t change because a boy wants to be a girl. What part of NOT fair don t you get?Alaskan mother Jennifer VanPelt is not happy that her daughter missed out on a podium appearance at a state track meet after a transgender girl was allowed to compete and got the third-best time in a 200-meter varsity final race.Here is the mother s Facebook post where she expresses her frustration with this clearly unfair rule:See video below:Pictured: Nattaphon Wangyot, KTVA/screenshotAccording to transgender.com, these 30 states allow athletes to compete in the sports based on gender they identify with:We discovered this by perusing the comment section of KTVA s story on Haines runner Nattaphon Wangyot, who finished the 100-meter in 13.14 and qualified for state. Via: Rare",0
20460,LOL! HYPOCRITE HILLARY Gives Speech On Evils Of “Inequality” While Wearing Designer Pants Suits With Price Tag You Won’t Believe,"Fat ass fraud in a pants suit When Hillary Clinton won the New York primary in April, she called for  raising wages and reducing inequality  and building  ladders of opportunity  while sporting a $12,495 Georgio Armani jacket.It was just one small part of a major wardrobe overhaul that one fashion expert pegged as a six-figure operation, the New York Post reported.It wasn t just in New York, where Clinton was photographed recently leaving a Ralph Lauren store on 5th Avenue accompanied by longtime aide Huma Abedin, where Clinton sported fancy fashions.She also wore a $4,000 white jacket by Susanna Beverly Hills on the campaign trail in rural Iowa. She s had to have spent in the six figures on this wardrobe overhaul,  Los Angeles-based image consultant Patsy Cisneros told the paper.For her campaign kickoff on Roosevelt Island, Clinton wore a custom blue silk Lauren suit that cost upwards of $2,200, according to the paper.For a New York funder, she opted for a beaded coat by Andrew Gn comparable to a $3,000 selling at Bergdorf Goodman.Her counterpart, real estate mogul Donald Trump, has been reported to favor Brioni suits that can cost more than $7,000. Via: Daily MailBut then again he s not hiding his net worth or preaching about the evils of  inequality  to his supporters. ",0
20461,JUDICIAL BIAS? LATINA SUPREME COURT JUSTICE Declares Her Shockingly Racist View On Ethnicity And Sex When Judging," I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life    Supreme Court Justice SotomayorAs the main stream media does a hit job on Donald Trump for expressing his view that the presiding judge in the Trump University case is biased against him because of Trump s views on immigration, we have a RACIST Latina Supreme Court Justice who s openly declaring that the ethnicity and sex of a judge makes a difference in their judging! So which is it?  The left wants to have it both ways but they re being outed as total hypocrites! Unreal! Judge Sotomayor questioned whether achieving impartiality  is possible in all, or even, in most, cases.  She added,  And I wonder whether by ignoring our differences as women or men of color we do a disservice both to the law and society. AND THEY RE CALLING TRUMP A RACIST?WASHINGTON   In 2001, Sonia Sotomayor, an appeals court judge, gave a speech declaring that the ethnicity and sex of a judge  may and will make a difference in our judging. In her speech, Judge Sotomayor questioned the famous notion   often invoked by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and her retired Supreme Court colleague, Sandra Day O Connor   that a wise old man and a wise old woman would reach the same conclusion when deciding cases. I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn t lived that life,  said Judge Sotomayor, who is now considered to be near the top of President Obama s list of potential Supreme Court nominees.Her remarks, at the annual Judge Mario G. Olmos Law and Cultural Diversity Lecture at the University of California, Berkeley, were not the only instance in which she has publicly described her view of judging in terms that could provoke sharp questioning in a confirmation hearing.This month, for example, a video surfaced of Judge Sotomayor asserting in 2005 that a  court of appeals is where policy is made.  She then immediately adds:  And I know   I know this is on tape, and I should never say that because we don t make law. I know. O.K. I know. I m not promoting it. I m not advocating it. I m   you know. The video was of a panel discussion for law students interested in becoming clerks, and she was explaining the different experiences gained when working at district courts and appeals courts. Her remarks caught the eye of conservative bloggers who accused her of being a  judicial activist,  although Jonathan H. Adler, a professor at Case Western Reserve University law school, argued that critics were reading far too much into those remarks.Republicans have signaled that they intend to put the eventual nominee under a microscope, and they say they were put on guard by Mr. Obama s statement that judges should have  empathy,  a word they suggest could be code for injecting liberal ideology into the law.Judge Sotomayor has given several speeches about the importance of diversity. But her 2001 remarks at Berkeley, which were published by the Berkeley La Raza Law Journal, went further, asserting that judges  identities will affect legal outcomes. Whether born from experience or inherent physiological or cultural differences,  she said, for jurists who are women and nonwhite,  our gender and national origins may and will make a difference in our judging. Her remarks came in the context of reflecting her own life experiences as a Hispanic female judge and on how the increasing diversity on the federal bench  will have an effect on the development of the law and on judging. In making her argument, Judge Sotomayor sounded many cautionary notes. She said there was no uniform perspective that all women or members of a minority group have, and emphasized that she was not talking about any individual case.She also noted that the Supreme Court was uniformly white and male when it delivered historic rulings against racial and sexual discrimination. And she said she tried to question her own  opinions, sympathies and prejudices,  and aspired to impartiality.Still, Judge Sotomayor questioned whether achieving impartiality  is possible in all, or even, in most, cases.  She added,  And I wonder whether by ignoring our differences as women or men of color we do a disservice both to the law and society. Read more: NYT ",0
20462,B*TCH OF BENGHAZI WINS Democrat Nomination” I’m Encouraged By Extraordinary Conviction” Of Her Supporters,"American citizens will be encouraged when the queen of the Clinton Crime Syndicate is convicted Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton confirms that she feels emotion when she thinks about becoming the first woman nominee for president.  Do you feel the weight of what this means for people?  asked one reporter on the campaign trail on Monday. I do. I do,  she said, praising her supporters for being  passionate  and  committed  to her victory. It s really emotional,  she said.  I am someone who has been very touched and really encouraged by this extraordinary conviction that people have. Says the woman who is still playing to crowds that are comparable to those of a kid running for student council in a rural high school.She said the emotion came from  predominantly women and girls  but that men had been bringing their daughters to her campaign events to witness history. I do think that it will make a very big difference for a father or a mother to be able to look at their daughter just like they can look at their son and say  You can be anything you want to be in this country, including president of the United States. Via: Breitbart News",0
20463,OBAMA CONDEMNS TRUMP…Says U.S. Is “Blessed With Muslim Communities”,"New York City begs to differ Of course, this is just another way of Obama saying,  Screw Trump and screw America, we re building Muslim communities in your hometowns and communities with or without your permission. In an official statement on the eve of Ramadan, an Islamic holy month, Barack Obama said the United States would continue to welcome Muslim refugees despite  voices that seek to divide us. I stand firmly with Muslim American communities in rejection of the voices that seek to divide us or limit our religious freedoms or civil rights,  he said in the statement.  I stand committed to safeguarding the civil rights of all Americans no matter their religion or appearance. Obama s speech regarding Ramadan, the monthlong holiday observed by Muslims through fasting during daylight hours, did not mention Donald Trump by name, but clearly seemed to be directed towards the Republican nominee. Here in the United States, we are blessed with Muslim communities as diverse as our nation itself. There are those whose heritage can be traced back to the very beginning of our nation, as well as those who have only just arrived,  he said. Via: Townhall ",0
20464,"CONSERVATIVE OFFERS $20,000 REWARD For Identity Of Anti-Trump Thug Who Sucker-Punched Elderly Trump Supporter [Video]","PLEASE TAKE A LOOK AT RHE VIDEO BELOW:Several Trump supporters have been assaulted at rallies but this one is especially sickening. An elderly man gets sucker punched by a thug. A reward is being offered so look closely and hopefully we can nail this thug.We d also like to give a big shout out to the patriot offering the reward of $20,000:I m offering a $20,000 REWARD for the identity of the COWARD who sucker-punched this Trump Supporter in San Jose. RT pic.twitter.com/vJxoi26X4S  Thomas Paine (@Thomas1774Paine) If you know anything about this, please report it immediately. When an Anti-Trump thug sucker punched an elderly Trump supporter, he never thought he would be caught on video   and now there is a very big award for anyone who knows his identity.A 66-year old Donald Trump supporter was surrounded by Mexican thugs in San Jose   whose mayor told police to stand down and let them riot   and they followed him for two blocks as he tried to leave the Trump rally there.The man did not want his name released, but he suffered injuries to his right orbital (eye) socket, and required minor surgery.Well now a prominent conservative on Twitter is offering of a $20,000 reward to anyone providing the identity of the thug so he can release it online: ",0
20465,SHERIFF CLARKE OUTRAGED AT RALLY VIOLENCE: ” Where’s the FBI and DOJ?”,Sheriff Clarke weighs in on the violence at the Trump rally in San Jpse: ,0
20466,A MUST WATCH: The Islamization Of Our Schools [Video],"A short excerpt from CAN s upcoming documentary  Exposed: The Islamization of Our Schools .This documentary-in-progress uncovers the ongoing, accelerating indoctrination of U.S. students to Islam, using U.S. taxpayer money. ",0
20467,LIBERAL HEADS EXPLODE When PIERS MORGAN Points Out Phony “Racist” Charges Against Trump VS. Muhammad Ali’s ACTUAL Racist History [VIDEO],"Watch the video and you be the judge. Was Piers Morgan correct or was he out of line?Piers Morgan poked the hornets  nest Sunday when he highlighted a double standard among Muhammad Ali s fans   that the late boxer espoused more radical views on race than Donald Trump.Muhammad Ali said far more inflammatory/racist things about white people than Donald Trump ever has about Muslims. #fact  Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) June 5, 2016The tweet quickly brought a swarm of social justice outrage, but Morgan did not back down. He argued that Ali was an important voice in the civil rights movement, but that is no reason to whitewash statements far more radical than Trump s on race and immigration. Via: Breitbart NewsTrump was in New York on 9/11 & knew people who died. Does that count? https://t.co/eF7Lg76Ye7  Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) June 5, 2016Here are just a few tweets from liberals right before their collective heads blew off their necks:https://twitter.com/DentonJez/status/739780815807188992Morgan s response:I didn't say that. I just said Ali made far more inflammatory/racist comments. Which he did. https://t.co/5ABetSkFPi  Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) June 6, 2016 Why would stating that Muhammad Ali made a lot of inflammatory, race-charged statements in his life be remotely controversial? He did.  Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) June 5, 2016Piers Morgan shared this clearly racist interview with Muhammad Ali on Twitter to back up his claim:Along the way, Piers picked up a few Twitter users who were willing to tell the truth about boxing legend Ali:https://twitter.com/NordicImports/status/739845621289517056Honesty is the new ""being racist"" FYI  Michael (@socalmike_SD) June 6, 2016In the end, Piers Morgan knew he could never walk into another room filled with liberal crybabies if he didn t do the obligatory Leftist, even though I m correct here is my apology:I'm sorry for 'saying inflammatory things for attention'.That's the last thing Muhammad Ali would have condoned.  Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) June 5, 2016",0
20468,PROTESTER HITS COP ON HEAD WITH BALLOON…WATCH Hysterical Reaction When Cop Pops Balloon [VIDEO],***TURN DOWN THE VOLUME***These are the pathetic social justice warriors (SJW s) our colleges and universities are indoctrinating every day https://twitter.com/133760D/status/739160618448609284H/T Weasel Zippers,0
20469,ITALIANS FURIOUS! Have You Ever Dreamed Of Living FREE OF CHARGE In A 4-Star Seaside Resort In Italy?…Become A Refugee And You Can!,"One short trip on a boat and this could be all yours! No papers required A group of local citizens from the Italian Island of Sicily have denounced a recent political decision to turn a 4-star seaside resort into the latest migrant welcome center, near the historic city of Agrigento. The hotel Capo Rossello Realmonte is located just a short distance from the Scala dei Turchi, or  Turkish Steps,  an unusual white, rocky cliff popular with tourists that has also been proposed for the UNESCO Heritage list.The Region of Sicily, led by governor Rosario Crocetta of the Democratic Party, has decided to transform the hotel into a hub where asylum-seekers will be accommodated, theoretically just for 48 hours for registration purposes before being transferred to other centers or possible repatriation. Critics have noted that the migrants and refugees will actually be staying considerably longer, judging from the way such centers work elsewhere in Italy.The local City Council of Realmonte, chaired by Mayor Calogero Zicari has joined a local citizens  movement in collecting signatures protesting the plan to convert the hotel into a migrant center.The mayor told local media that since the area depends on tourism, the proposal would have  a major impact on the economy,  recalling that the arrival of large groups of migrants in other areas has destroyed investments that had been developed over years. We are angry and worried by this latest irresponsible decision,  said Angelo Attaguile, the local leader of the Noi con Salvini populist political party. Some people forget that we are talking about a site with enormous touristic value, which was recently nominated as a UNESCO Heritage site, and which could be jeopardizes by this foolish decision,  Attaguile said. We cannot accept that top-tier hotel facilities, close to the sea and tourist destinations like the Scala Dei Turchi, continue to be turned into reception centers,  he added.Another political operative from the Noi con Salvini party, Giuseppe Di Rosa, has accused politicians in office of reaping economic benefits from public funds coming in for the construction and operation of refugee centers. They are transforming our land into a mega hotel that houses refugees of all kinds without any sanitary control of the territory,  he said. -Via: Bretibart News ",0
20470,RESTAURANT OWNER Makes Awesome Sign Mocking Transgender Bathroom Law," Political correctness is obviously not important to this outspoken business owner The owner of a Windy City Pizza store didn t want there to be any confusion about which bathroom to use in their establishment, so they placed this sign in front of their establishment:Here s another sign that previously appeared in front of the restaurant: ",0
20471,BORDER PATROL AGENTS RAT OUT DHS: Government Secretly Puts Illegal Aliens On Busses…Dumps Them Off Into Unsuspecting Communities Across America,"It s really a pretty simple scheme. Obama is placing Democrat voters (illegal aliens who are given housing, education, food, health care and ultimately citizenship in exchange for their votes) in unsuspecting communities across the USA. Our safety and the safety of our nation is really of no consequence to a man and his family who will be surrounded by secret service for the rest of his life. There seems to be a particular focus on populating red states with illegal aliens and refugees in hopes that can give their party the boost it needs to put those states in play when the elections roll around Part of the supposed mission of DHS is to transport individuals apprehended in the country illegally from our soil to their own. They might stop and spend some time on our soil behind bars, but the general direction of travel and the paperwork is, in theory, towards their home country. That was before the enemies of America took over our country, Hussein Obama in the White House and Jihadi Jeh Johnson at the Department of Homeland Security. Now everything is backwards. There often is no paperwork to track the individuals or direct their travel, just a white van, loaded with illegal aliens pointed north, towards the interior of the United States and a Phoenix bus station. We all remember the uproar over the DHS buses with mirrored windows that were the subject of protests last year. Now DHS is using stealth to bypass the angered American people and it s working.According to a report by Judicial Watch, Homeland  Security  is still secretly transporting illegal aliens into the interior of the United States, those same  shadows  that they will later disingenuously claim to be wanting desperately to rescue them from. They ll be the families that can t be broken up and can t be transported together back to where they belong. They re the immovable squatters who are dictating what will and won t be done to them through the corrupt government that is using them as pawns to advance their agenda.The good people who make up the rank and file members of the CBP and ICE aren t happy about what they are being forced to do and the destructive impact it s having on our nation. Judicial Watch wrote:The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is quietly transporting illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to Phoenix and releasing them without proper processing or issuing court appearance documents, Border Patrol sources tell Judicial Watch. The government classifies them as Other Than Mexican (OTM) and this week around 35 were transferred 116 miles north from Tucson to a Phoenix bus station where they went their separate way. Judicial Watch was present when one of the white vans carrying a group of OTMs arrived at the Phoenix Greyhound station on Buckeye Road.This report, part of an ongoing Judicial Watch investigation into the security risks along the southern border, features only a snippet of a much broader crisis in which illegal aliens are being released and vanishing into unsuspecting American communities. The Senate Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest addressed this issue just a few weeks ago in a hearing called Declining Deportations and Increasing Criminal Alien Releases   The Lawless Immigration Policies of the Obama Administration. Judd, the Border Patrol Union chief, delivered alarming figures at the hearing. He estimated that about 80% of apprehended illegal immigrants are released into the United States. This includes unaccompanied minors who are escorted to their final destination, family units and those who claim to have a credible fear of persecution in their native country. Single males that aren t actually seen crossing into the U.S. by Border Patrol agents are released if they claim to have been in the country since 2014, Judd added.The OTMs are from Honduras, Colombia, El Salvador and Guatemala and Border Patrol officials say this week s batch was in custody for a couple of days and ordered to call family members in the U.S. so they could purchase a bus ticket for their upcoming trip from Phoenix. Authorities didn t bother checking the identity of the U.S. relatives or if they re in the country legally, according to a Border Patrol official directly involved in the matter. American taxpayers pick up the fare for those who claim to have a  credible fear,  Border Patrol sources told JW. None of the OTMs were issued official court appearance documents, but were told to  promise  they d show up for a hearing when notified, said federal agents with firsthand knowledge of the operation.A security company contracted by the U.S. government is driving the OTMs from the Border Patrol s Tucson Sector where they were in custody to Phoenix, sources said. The firm is called G4S and claims to be the world s leading security solutions group with operations in more than 100 countries and 610,000 employees. G4S has more than 50,000 employees in the U.S. and its domestic headquarters is in Jupiter, Florida.Outraged Border Patrol agents and supervisors on the front lines say illegal immigrants are being released in droves because there s no room to keep them in detention.  They re telling us to put them on a bus and let them go,  said one law enforcement official in Arizona.  Just move those bodies across the country.  Officially, DHS denies this is occurring. Of course DHS denies it s happening. They are violating their oaths, the public trust and the United States Constitution; it s not likely they ll confess. But there is no doubt it is, and that it is they and not the rank and file members who are lying.The real question that needs to be asked is why it is happening. Why has an agency that is responsible for border enforcement evolved into a mechanism for facilitating border violations or was this its intended function from its subversive beginning?Via: Rick Wells ",0
20472,KARMA? PODIUM COLLAPSES At Hillary Rally [Video],Hillary Clinton was all smiles at a rally in California until her podium starts to collapse is this just a big case of karma? ,0
20473,CAN YOU GUESS THE ONE THING Majority Of Bernie Sanders Supporters Have In Common?,"The function of socialism is to raise suffering to a higher level.  Norman MailerBernie Sanders has raised a lot of money during the 2016 Democratic primary. In fact, his supporters often brag about his fundraising as proof of his viability as a candidate, just like Obama supporters did back in 2008.With all that in mind, you ll never guess what most of Bernie s donors have in common.The Los Angeles Times reports:Who gives money to Bernie Sanders?Small-dollar contributions have been the fuel that has propelled Sen. Bernie Sanders  presidential bid, making it one of the most successful insurgent campaigns in Democratic party history, but little has been known about those donors because campaigns don t have to publicize the names of people who give $200 or less.Now, a Times analysis of nearly 7 million individual contributions has provided unprecedented detail about the army of people behind the $27 donations Sanders mentions at virtually every campaign stop.Many resemble Emily Condit, 40 of Sylmar, who has contributed three times   $5 each   to the Vermont senator s campaign.Condit, who has several physical disabilities, is among the largest single group of Sanders  donors   those who don t have a job. Of the $209 million given to the Vermont senator s campaign, about one out of every four dollars came from those not in the workforce, who include the unemployed or retired.Here s a handy chart that puts things in perspective:So the  free stuff  candidate is being bankrolled mostly by people who aren t working.Anyone surprised?Via: Gateway Pundit",0
20474,ESPIONAGE ACT VIOLATION? HILLARY EXPOSES Names Of Hidden Intelligence Officials In Emails Through “Gross Negligence”,"America keeps waiting for word that Hillary will be indicted. Is Obama waiting for the right moment or will the FBI be allowed to do their job and put Hillary behind bars? Are Joe Biden and Elizabeth Warren standing by in the wings? One thing we know for sure, with this corrupt administration, anything could happen. Obama seems to have mastered the art of punishing America. Will the most corrupt President to ever occupy our White House, be the one responsible for finally putting end to the Clinton Crime Syndicate or does she know too much?Hillary Clinton posted and shared the names of concealed U.S. intelligence officials on her unprotected email system. Federal records reveal that Clinton swapped these highly classified names on an email account that was vulnerable to attack and was breached repeatedly by Russia-linked hacker attempts. These new revelations   reminiscent of the Valerie Plame scandal during George W. Bush s tenure   could give FBI investigators the evidence they need to make a case that Clinton violated the Espionage Act by mishandling national defense information through  gross negligence. Numerous names cited in Clinton s emails have been redacted in State Department email releases with the classification code  B3 CIA PERS/ORG,  a highly specialized classification that means the information, if released, would violate the Central Intelligence Act of 1949.The State Department produced a document to Judicial Watch in April 2014 that identifies different types of  (b)(3)  redactions, including  CIA PERS/ORG,  which it defines as information  Specifically exempted from disclosure by statute   Central Intelligence Act of 1949. That s what it suggests,  Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton told Breitbart News, referring to the indication that Clinton disclosed the names of CIA-protected intelligence sources, based on the B3 redactions.The CIA justifies  (b)(3)  redactions with this description:  (b)(3) Applies to the Director s statutory obligations to protect from disclosure intelligence sources and methods, as well as the organization, functions, names, official titles, salaries, or numbers of personnel employed by the Agency, in accord with the National Security Act of 1947 and the CIA Act of 1949, respectively. The State Department declined to comment.  Per the colleague who handles this issue, we are not speaking to the content of emails,  State Department spokeswoman Nicole Thompson told Breitbart News.Here are some examples of (b)(3) redactions;Naming the defense attach  in MaltaOn October 16, 2011, recent U.S. Ambassador to Malta Douglas Kmiec sent an email to Cheryl Mills with the subject line  TIME SENSITIVE AND CONFIDENTIAL   Malta Trip Backgrounder for the Secretary   Confidential. Kmiec wrote to Mills,  I know from current events that your life must be a whirlwind. I know that if there ever was someone who could tame the whirlwind, it would be you. Just read the news report of the Secretary s stop in Malta next week. Thank you for arranging this. This letter and the accompanying clips I believe will help make the Secretary s visit a highly successful and well received one. In the memo, Kmiec revealed the name of a top defense attach  in the country. That name was later classified by the State Department with three different classifications: 1.4 (D) to connote  Foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources,  B1 to connote  Information specifically authorized by an executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy,  and  B3 CIA PERS/ORG. The largest part of our US team in the embassy is the navy/coast guard/ ncis contingent that has established a Maritime training program with the AFM to good success. The defense attach  there now is new [REDACTED] beloved and hardworking   and to good effect, patrolling the waters and the ports for [illegible] traffickers and terror related figures,  Kmiec wrote.Mills forwarded the memo directly to Clinton s private email account at clintonemail.com with the note  Fyi background. Clinton replied to Mills and CC ed Huma Abedin with the confidential information, writing,  I need enough time there to meet. Hague is there today and doing all the right meetings. So, I m copying Huma to reinforce my desire to squeeze more out of a too quick trip. When he sent the memo to Mills, Douglas Kmiec had been out of his Ambassador to Malta job for several months. Kmiec was a big supporter of President Obama. He garnered criticism in a 2011 inspector general report for ignoring directives from Washington and for spending too much time writing articles about religion. Iran Insights On September 2, 2009, Jackie Newmyer of Long Term Strategy Group in Cambridge, Massachusetts sent an email directly to Clinton s private account with the subject line  Iran Insights From [Redacted]  that included the B3 redaction code:Secretary Clinton,Last week I traveled to Israel [REDACTED] in an Iran-related seminar and simulation exercise with the IDF general who is likely to become Israel s next chief of military intelligence and his team and, separately, [REDACTED]. Yesterday, [REDACTED] Iran workshop in Washington involving DoD and think tank experts. Despite the fact that the meetings were with defense [REDACTED] personnel, there was universal sentiment that a strike on Iran s nuclear facilities would be counterproductive, on the one hand, and that incremental measures would be perceived by Iran as an indication of weakness, on the other.The email included sensitive information including the following:If Iran acquires a nuclear capability, no single American/allied countermeasure will be adequate. Something like the  flexible response  posture from the Cold War will be required, necessitating a range of actions from enhancing the US deterrent presence   nuclear submarines carrying ballistic missiles in the Arabian Sea   to bolstering regional actors  defenses.Israeli leaders should be able to contain the damage to the Israeli population s morale from an Iranian bomb, but this will require careful management of public statements. There is a tension between building up support for action against the Iranian nuclear program now and delivering the kind of reassurance that will be necessary once the capability has been acquired.Clinton replied that she would like to discuss the matter with Jackie.Jackie replied:I will be in Washington for a day-long meeting on Thursday this week [B3 REDACTED] and my travel plans are flexible, so I could meet you any time on Wednesday afternoon, after 5 pm on Thursday, or any time on Friday morning. If those times do not work, I would be happy to come down at your convenience.Clinton and Jake Sullivan then set up a meeting with Jackie.For entire story: Breitbart News ",0
20475,"5-STAR MOOCH Tells Graduates: “Every Single Day, I Wake Up In A House That Was Built By Slaves” [VIDEO]","Poor 5-star Mooch. At least we know now why she spends so much time traveling around the world on our dime First Lady Michelle Obama touted the diversity of the 2016 graduating class of City College in New York by comparing it to her own life and experiences. It s the story that I witness every single day, when I wake up in a house that was built by slaves,  Obama told the 3,000 graduates and their families Friday, adding:And I watch my daughters two beautiful, black young women head off to school waving goodbye to their father, the President of the United States, the son of a man from Kenya who came here to American to America for the same reasons as many of you: To get an education and improve his prospects in life.Via: Breitbart News",0
20476,LOL! POLITICO Publishes Article Blaming TRUMP And His Supporters For Horrific Violence Committed Against Them,"This ridiculous article by Politico, who pretends to be a non-biased source for news is sadly, what passes as journalism today. We ve taken the liberty of highlighting the article in places where POLTICO has gone out of their way to blame Trump and/or his supporters for the violent protesters (many of whom are paid by leftist organizations). Our comments can be found in parenthesis following the highlighted copy.Outside Donald Trump s campaign rallies in recent days, protesters have gathered and, increasingly, clashed violently with Trump supporters and police. Inside, Trump is going to new rhetorical extremes in his attempts to delegitimize a Mexican-American judge. Together, (Together? Does anyone else find it to be slightly ridiculous that the person writing this piece would honestly think anyone believes Trump and the violent anti-Trump protesters were working together?) they re forming an increasingly combustible atmosphere as the campaign enters the summer and temperatures here climb into triple digits.Trump has in the past vowed to become more  presidential  after dispatching his primary foes, and many political observers hoped tensions would decrease as Trump pivoted to appeal to broader swath of voters in the general election.Instead, the end of the primary has seen a steady rise in tension, fueling fears that the convention in Cleveland next month will surpass the turbulence of the 1968 Democratic convention in Chicago.Tense standoffs involving police, protesters and Trump supporters are common sights at campaign rallies, and violence has occasionally flared up, but there has been an uptick in the scale and frequency of violence over the past two weeks during the candidate s swing through the West. Most of the violence has been directed at police officers and Trump supporters outside rally venues, but on Friday, one local leader who condemned the violence also partly blamed Trump for it. (Of course, it s Trump s fault that the Left is paying people to riot and to attack innocent people along with the law enforcement officers who are hired to keep the peace.) While it s a sad statement about our political discourse that Mr. Trump has focused on stirring antagonism (Trump s fault) instead of offering real solutions to our nation s challenges, there is absolutely no place for violence against people who are simply exercising their rights to participate in the political process,  said San Jose Mayor Sam Riccardo, a Democrat, in a statement on Friday. In another statement, Riccardo said Trump s rhetoric is no excuse for violence and that city police would investigate and prosecute offenders. She said no protesters had applied for permits to demonstrate. In Albuquerque, where demonstrators shattered windows at the site of Trump s rally on Tuesday, police made three arrests and have an outstanding felony warrant for another demonstrator that includes eight counts of aggravated battery on a police officer, according to Albuquerque Police public information officer Tanner Tixier. He added that police were working four to five other cases that could lead to more arrests.Tidier also shot down as  conspiracy theories  rumors that anti-Trump demonstrators were illegal immigrants or paid agitators. (Because this public information officer knows each and every protester, and whether they ve been paid or are legal citizens of the United States.) They re just general local criminals. I don t even think they knew what they were protesting,  he said.The Mexican flag has been a common sight at recent protests in the West, which is home to many Mexicans and Mexican-Americans. Trump, meanwhile, began insisting during the past week that the judge presiding over one of the lawsuits against Trump University, Gonzalo Curiel, could not be fair because of his Mexican heritage. The statement   condemned by House Speaker Paul Ryan, editorial boards and legal watchdogs   can only inflame tensions out here. Muriel, the son of Mexican immigrants, was born in Indiana. (Because if Paul Ryan condemned Trump, the whole Republican party must be against him right?)Despite the warning signs, there is little indication from the Trump campaign or anti-Trump demonstrators that they plan to change course, making continued unrest likely in the months ahead. (In other words, there is no indication Trump plans to change his policies in order to appease illegal aliens and leftist thugs.)Entire article can be found at Politico",0
20477,WATCH: BLACK CONSERVATIVE DESTROYS Mexican Flag Carrying Protesters: “If Your Country Is So Great…Why Are You Here?,"***LANGUAGE WARNING*** Why is it acceptable for people who come from other damn countries to be proud of their country, but if American who is proud of the American flag is deemed  racist ? Why are you here is you re so proud of Mexico? Nobody else wants to say it, but Mexico is a f*cking hell-hole. They come over here and use our system because of our weak-ass politicians. Mexican pride this, and Mexican pride that. Then why the hell are you over here? Stop the bullshit. If I was saying a country was so great, I wouldn t have my ass in another country screaming about how great that country is that I ran away from! ",0
20478,BLACK MUSLIM CHASES And TACKLES Young White Trump Supporter [VIDEO],"Maybe Hillary or Bernie can use this footage in their next campaign ad. What a great way to bring American voters over to their side A poster on Twitter who identifies as a Black Muslim man claims to have been the person seen on news video chasing and tackling a young white male Trump supporter following a Trump rally in San Jose Thursday. Using the Twitter handle  Houdini @sizzle_seyf , the man posted the news video and retweeted congratulations on his chasing and tackling the Trump supporter.This video shows anti-Trump thugs sucker punching and attacking Trump supporters. Near the end of the video, the young white Trump supporter can be seen running from the mob. The pictures and video below show what happened when the black Muslim man finally caught up to him:Here are the still images of anti-Trump Muslim  Houdini  chasing and tacking a Trump supporter leaving the rally in San Jose, California.Before the Trump rally, Houdini had been posting about  My Ramadan.  The Muslim punk who calls himself  Houdini  has made his Twitter account private since bragging about tackling this young Trump supporter Here s the video:Outside Trump rally protestors chased down this kid and tackled him. When he got up we pointed him to police. pic.twitter.com/83O2oNzcMx  Tom Llamas (@TomLlamasABC) June 3, 2016Via: Gateway Pundit",0
20479,FORMER CLINTON POLITICAL ADVISOR: “I Left When Hillary Hired Secret Police to Go After Woman Victimized by Bill” [VIDEO],"Here s how Bill is paying back years of loyalty by his enabling wife Hillary, who made it possible for him to sexually assault an untold number of women. With Bill s magnanimous personality and Hillary s less than likable aura and fingernails on a blackboard orator skills, Bill has had her right where any strong and capable woman wouldn t have allowed herself to be in his back pocket. Hillary has allowed herself to be portrayed in the media as a  victim  and a loyal wife to her impeached husband. The truth is, Hillary needed (and still needs) Bill more than he ever needed her. It s precisely because of Hillary that Bill was able to prey on so many women and keep them quite afterwards. According to several sources, Hillary worked behind the scenes, threatening to do harm to any woman who would dare to come forward and expose her perverted husband for fear of destroying her insatiable desire for a powerful position in politics.During an Oct, 2014 interview, former advisor to President Bill Clinton, Dick Morris said it was then-first lady Hillary Clinton s  Nixonian  attempt to attack the woman Bill Clinton victimized and sexually harassed by hiring detectives to dig for dirt in their lives Hillary could use against them to smear their character. Dick Morris said he believes Bill was a very good president but he left because he said,  What really turned me off was what I call secret police. When she [Hillary] hired this fleet of detectives to go around examining all of the woman who had been identified with Clinton. Not for the purpose of divorcing Clinton. Not for the purpose of getting him to stop but for the purpose of developing blackmail material on these woman to cow them into silence that had a Nixonian quality that I hold against her and I continue to. Via: Breitbart NewsWATCH HERE: ",0
20480,VIOLENT RADICAL COMMIE ANGELA DAVIS Has A Strategy To Beat Trump That Every American Should Hear…We All Need To Know The End Game!,"The strategy of the left is WAR and that s why every American should hear it: Angela Davis on defeating Trump:  We have to do whatever is necessary Here s the truth about Davis from Frontpage mag and then the article below it is from a liberal publication so take it with a grain of salt.Frontpage Mag provides some background on Davis:Who is Davis? She s a Communist and a supporter of the Black Panther Party as well as homicidal British Black Power cult leader Michael X and the Soledad Brothers   who were acquitted of a prison guard s murder in 1970.That year, Davis was arrested and jailed for having bought the gun used in the Soledad Brothers  escape attempt: an attack in open court in California, which led to a shootout with the police and resulted in the death or injury of six people. She was eventually found not guilty.Davis has enjoyed massive support from the global left. When she was released from prison, she visited Cuba, then Russia, where she was awarded the Lenin Peace Prize. She spoke against racism in America and became a glamorized spokeswoman for Communism as a solution for black Americans and for oppressed people of color everywhere.Just like Obama s pal Bill Ayers, Angela Davis  past has been rewritten by the left to transform her into an activist rather than what she is   a violent criminal.NOTICE HOW IN THE ARTICLE BELOW THE LIBERAL PUBLICATION MAKES DAVIS OUT TO BE THE VICTIM:Activists around the world have long turned to Angela Davis for scholarly guidance when discussing systems of oppression and power.This week in New York, the radical feminist activist issued a rallying cry to Americans: to avoid a Donald Trump presidency,  we have to do whatever is necessary. Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Davis became a household name in 1969 when she was removed from her teaching post at the University of California Los Angeles for social justice work and her affiliation with the Communist Party. She made the F.B.I. s Ten Most Wanted list on false charges soon after, starting the 1970s with a 16-month incarceration and trial that sparked an international campaign when the world demanded that the United States government  Free Angela Davis. Former California Governor Ronald Reagan swore then that the philosophy professor would never teach in the University of California system again.Nine books and four decades later, a vocal Davis is now Distinguished Professor Emerita of History of Consciousness at U.C. Santa Cruz   an interdisciplinary Ph.D. program the likes of which are only possible because of the radical scholarship she laid as groundwork.Read more: Fusion",0
20481,WHY ARE VAN LOADS OF ILLEGALS Being Moved and Released Away From The Border?,"The insanity continues! The outrageous invasion on our southern border has been so out of control in the past seven years but it s gotten to crisis mode recently with a HUGE surge in illegals from all over the world. Yes, we ve become a GLOBAL MAGNET for anyone to cross our border. Soooo what s the reason for the illegals to be released? You ll never believe it! It s because the detention centers are FULL! No kidding! The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is quietly transporting illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to Phoenix and releasing them without proper processing or issuing court appearance documents, Border Patrol sources tell Judicial Watch.The government classifies them as Other Than Mexican (OTM) and this week around 35 were transferred 116 miles north from Tucson to a Phoenix bus station where they went their separate way. Judicial Watch was present when one of the white vans carrying a group of OTMs arrived at the Phoenix Greyhound station on Buckeye Road. The OTMs are from Honduras, Colombia, El Salvador and Guatemala and Border Patrol officials say this week s batch was in custody for a couple of days and ordered to call family members in the U.S. so they could purchase a bus ticket for their upcoming trip from Phoenix. Authorities didn t bother checking the identity of the U.S. relatives or if they re in the country legally, according to a Border Patrol official directly involved in the matter. American taxpayers pick up the fare for those who claim to have a  credible fear,  Border Patrol sources told JW. None of the OTMs were issued official court appearance documents, but were told to  promise  they d show up for a hearing when notified, said federal agents with firsthand knowledge of the operation.A security company contracted by the U.S. government is driving the OTMs from the Border Patrol s Tucson Sector where they were in custody to Phoenix, sources said. The firm is called G4S and claims to be the world s leading security solutions group with operations in more than 100 countries and 610,000 employees. G4S has more than 50,000 employees in the U.S. and its domestic headquarters is in Jupiter, Florida. Judicial Watch is filing a number of public records requests to get more information involving the arrangement between G4S and the government, specifically the transport of illegal immigrants from the Mexican border to other parts of the country. The photo accompanying this story shows the uniformed G4S guard that transported the OTMs this week from Tucson to Phoenix.Outraged Border Patrol agents and supervisors on the front lines say illegal immigrants are being released in droves because there s no room to keep them in detention.  They re telling us to put them on a bus and let them go,  said one law enforcement official in Arizona.  Just move those bodies across the country.  Officially, DHS denies this is occurring and in fact earlier this year U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner R. Gil Kerlikowske blasted Border Patrol union officials for denouncing this dangerous catch-and-release policy. Kerlikowske s scolding came in response to the congressional testimony of Bandon Judd, chief of the National Border Patrol Council, the labor union that represents line agents. Judd told lawmakers on the House Judiciary Committee that illegal immigrants without serious criminal convictions can be released immediately and disappear into the shadows. Kerlikowske shot back, telling a separate congressional committee:  I would not stand by if the Border Patrol was   releasing people without going through all of the formalities. Yet, that s exactly what s occurring. This report, part of an ongoing Judicial Watch investigation into the security risks along the southern border, features only a snippet of a much broader crisis in which illegal aliens are being released and vanishing into unsuspecting American communities. The Senate Subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest addressed this issue just a few weeks ago in a hearing called Declining Deportations and Increasing Criminal Alien Releases   The Lawless Immigration Policies of the Obama Administration. Judd, the Border Patrol Union chief, delivered alarming figures at the hearing. He estimated that about 80% of apprehended illegal immigrants are released into the United States.Read more: Judicial Watch",0
20482,OBAMA’S LAWLESS AMERICA: CA Police Tell Violent Anti-Trump Protesters “Leave Now Or You Will Be Arrested”…Protesters Shout Back “WE DON’T FOLLOW THE LAW”,"Barack Obama s legacy will be a divided, lawless, mooching, disrespectful America. Obama has been very clear about his open alliance with Black Lives Matter terrorists and professional race baiters for hire. Ever since the death of thug Trayvon Martin, when Obama began his first strategy meetings with Al Sharpton and his former AG, racist Eric Holder, he s been shamelessly holding closed-door meetings at our White House. His meetings have been met with criticism by many Americans for hosting unsavory characters, like the guy wearing a tracking device on his ankle for kidnapping and rappers who threaten to harm fellow Americans if the election doesn t go their way at our White House. All the while, Obama has been subtly encouraging the masses to keep up the fight against law enforcement and to not let up on the oppressive white man. These violent protests are NOT spontaneous. They are happening as a result of a well planned, highly strategized and well-funded group of hard core leftists, who will stop at nothing to ensure their radical agenda is not upended by the shocking rise of the unafraid Donald Trump.YThis anti-Trump mob began their organized disruptions last night in San Jose, CA. It all started with the typical union chant (union influence can be found in every anti-Trump rally) that has been adopted by every leftist group in America. Here, you can see most of the protesters are Hispanic (likely illegal aliens):Officers form line btw protesters and supporters walking to rally. Protesters now chanting against Trump and police. pic.twitter.com/fjC8Xsnajh  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016Protesters, probably several hundred, move away from police and onto main road, blocking traffic. Don't see any officers.  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016Protesters march through downtown San Jose for an hour, targeting Trump supporters and evading officers. pic.twitter.com/Q4hKFELkIw  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016Police use megaphone to tell crowd to ""leave now or you will be arrested."" Protester shouts back, ""we don't follow the law!""  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016 ",0
20483,"SHOCKING MOB SCENE Caught On Video: Men With Mexican Flags ATTACK Female Trump Supporter, Throw Objects At Her Face And Head","What is amazing about this video is that it captures the unimaginable positive attitude of the female Trump supporter in the face of an angry mob of Trump haters. These men waving Mexican flags and shouting expletives can be seen throwing eggs and other unknown objects at her face and head while yelling  Mexico ! This brave woman just smiles and flashes a peace sign at the angry mob. Talk about composure!These men waving Mexican flags are more than likely illegal aliens. They are becoming increasingly more violent as the prospect of being sent back to Mexico or Latin America is becoming closer and closer to a reality. The gravy is train is pulling out and these uninvited criminals who have been living in our country under the cover of progressivism are scared to death they re about to get the boot. This will only get worse before it gets better. If America is serious about sending these lawbreakers back to their homeland, we need to use the woman in this video as an example of courage and steadfast commitment to saving our nation.Watch: The moment a Trump supporter, surrounded by protesters, is egged in the face, hit by other food. pic.twitter.com/qYFdwJWvrS  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) June 3, 2016Here is a view from another angle of the mob of Mexican men assaulting the lone female:https://twitter.com/JaredWyand/status/738645772409970688",0
20484,TRUMP SUPPORTER Assaulted Outside Rally In San Jose…Media Silent [Video],"Yet another assault on a Trump supporter by a thug at a Trump rally in San Jose, California tonight. Luckily,the assault was captured on video so they have a picture of the attack. Arrest this guy! ",0
20485,BUSTED! HILLARY AND BILL CLINTON’S MASSIVE Money Laundering Scheme With For-Profit University Makes Trump University Accusation Look Like Small Potatoes,"They preyed on the poor in Latin America. They promised them an education, but the real goal was about turning a profit. No, we re not talking about the Democrat party, we re talking about the sleazy Clinton Crime Syndicate, headed up by a serial sexual abuser and his habitual liar wife. You may have heard of her, she s the Democrat party s frontrunner in the upcoming presidential race With her campaign sinking in the polls, Hillary Clinton has launched a desperate attack against Trump University to deflect attention away from her deep involvement with a controversial for-profit college that made the Clintons millions, even as the school faced serious legal scrutiny and criminal investigations. In April 2015, Bill Clinton was forced to abruptly resign from his lucrative perch as honorary chancellor of Laureate Education, a for-profit college company. The reason for Clinton s immediate departure: Clinton Cash revealed, and Bloomberg confirmed, that Laureate funneled Bill Clinton $16.46 million over five years while Hillary Clinton s State Dept. pumped at least $55 million to a group run by Laureate s founder and chairman, Douglas Becker, a man with strong ties to the Clinton Global Initiative. Laureate has donated between $1 million and $5 million (donations are reported in ranges, not exact amounts) to the Clinton Foundation. Progressive billionaire George Soros is also a Laureate financial backer.As the Washington Post reports,  Laureate has stirred controversy throughout Latin America, where it derives two-thirds of its revenue.  During Bill Clinton s tenure as Laureate s chancellor, the school spent over $200 million a year on aggressive telemarketing, flashy Internet banner ads, and billboards designed to lure often unprepared students from impoverished countries to enroll in its for-profit classes. The goal: get as many students, regardless of skill level, signed up and paying tuition. I meet people all the time who transfer here when they flunk out elsewhere,  agronomy student Arturo Bisono, 25, told the Post.  This has become the place you go when no one else will accept you. Others, like Rio state legislator Robson Leite who led a probe into Bill Clinton s embattled for-profit education scheme, say the company is all about extracting cash, not educating students.  They have turned education into a commodity that focuses more on profit than knowledge,  said Leite.Progressives have long excoriated for-profit education companies for placing profits over quality pedagogy. Still, for five years, Bill Clinton allowed his face and name to be plastered all over Laureate s marketing materials. As Clinton Cash reported, pictures of Bill Clinton even lined the walkways at campuses like Laureate s Bilgi University in Istanbul, Turkey. That Laureate has campuses in Turkey is odd, given that for-profit colleges are illegal there, as well as in Mexico and Chile where Laureate also operates.Shortly after Bill Clinton s lucrative 2010 Laureate appointment, Hillary Clinton s State Dept. began pumping millions of its USAID dollars to a sister nonprofit, International Youth Foundation (IYF), which is run by Laureate s founder and chairman, Douglas Becker. Indeed, State Dept. funding skyrocketed once Bill Clinton got on the Laureate payroll, according to Bloomberg:A Bloomberg examination of IYF s public filings show that in 2009, the year before Bill Clinton joined Laureate, the nonprofit received 11 grants worth $9 million from the State Department or the affiliated USAID. In 2010, the group received 14 grants worth $15.1 million. In 2011, 13 grants added up to $14.6 million. The following year, those numbers jumped: IYF received 21 grants worth $25.5 million, including a direct grant from the State Department.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
20486,"OBAMA BLAMES “Right Wing” Talk Radio, FOX News For Angering “White People”…”Anti-Government” Attitudes [VIDEO]","Barack only needs to find the closest mirror to understand where the increase in racism and distrust in our over-reaching government originated. He is without a doubt, the most divisive President in the history of the United States of America. Dividing our nation will be his legacy President Barack Obama accused  right wing  talk radio and cable channels like Fox News of angering white people in America about the economy, arguing that it was actually doing really well under his administration.During his speech, Obama decried Republicans who campaigned on stopping  welfare queens  complaining about  makers and takers  and even referred to Mitt Romney s 47 percent comment. Their basic message is anti-government, anti-immigrant, anti-trade, and let s face it   it s anti-change,  Obama said, accusing them of lying just to oppose him. What they are saying just isn t true,  he said, before launching his own attempt at  mythbusting  narratives from conservative media.Obama complained that people failed to recognize that he was succeeding in improving the economy, cutting the deficit, and cutting spending. It s the story that is broadcast every day on some cable news stations, on right wing radio it s pumped into cars and bars and VFW halls all across America and right here in Elkhart,  he said.  If you re hearing that story all the time, you start believing it. It s no wonder people start thinking big government is the problem. Because of conservative radio, Obama argued,  White Americans think that reverse discrimination is as big a problem as discrimination against minorities. Obama argued they were wrong, since black unemployment was still twice as high as white unemployment and Hispanic women earned 55 cents for every dollar earned by a white man. Obama warned voters against listening to Trump s political argument. The one thing I can promise you is if we turn against each other based on divisions of race and religion if we fall for a bunch of okey-doke just because it sounds funny or the tweets are provocative, then we re not going to build on the progress we started. At one point, Obama stuttered repeatedly when speaking about Trump.Our President without a teleprompter:https://vine.co/v/iVLaiJxdqV2Obama made his speech at Elkhart, Indiana, where a majority of voters in the county voted against him in the 2012 presidential election. One person in the crowd shouted  one more time!  suggesting that she wanted Obama to run again for office.  No I can t do that,  Obama said.  The Constitution prohibits it but more importantly Michelle prohibits it.  Via: Breitbart News",0
20487,"¡VIVA LA REVOLUTION! As Venezuela Collapses Under Socialist Rule, Dictator Maduro Endorses Fellow Socialist Bernie Sanders","The leader of the worst economy on the planet is endorsing fellow Socialist Bernie Sanders. Let that sink in Yes It s  A future you can believe in  if you re an abject idiot who doesn t have access to a single news source. VENEZUELA TODAY: The army has moved in, Coca-Cola has stopped production and inflation is expected to hit 500 per cent.Venezuela s economic crisis has ratcheted up a gear in the last week after President Nicholas Maduro deployed the army to strategic areas for two days of  war games  designed as a show of strength to a population increasingly pitted against him.The drastic escalation follows a major deterioration in the country s finances that have seen widespread shortages of food, basic goods and power cuts, fueled by years of economic mismanagement and corruption that have seen unemployment skyrocket to 17 per cent as the oil price has plummeted.University College London s leadership professor Marco Aponte-Moreno, who was born and raised in Caracas, told news.com.au the past few days had seen the stakes raised for both corrupt officials and those dying from lack of food and medicine in his home country. The stakes are very high [for the government] if they lose power,  he said, adding that many involved in illegal activities could be charged and taken to trial. The situation has become a matter of life and death for the government and also a matter of life and death for the people because people are dying because they don t have their medicines, the water they need. It s very sad to see the country like this, especially when you take into account that this is a country that has large natural resources. I have to admit it isn t a surprise. Corruption, shortages are things that are not new in Venezuela but they have never reached this level before. Via- News.comauVenezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has endorsed fellow socialist Bernie Sanders, D-Vt., for president, calling him  our revolutionary friend. In a televised address on Tuesday, Maduro criticized the U.S. election system, which he called  archaic,  for putting Sanders at a disadvantage. If the elections were free,  Maduro said,  Bernie Sanders would be president of the United States. Socialist Venezuela, which has been criticized for lack of transparency in elections, frequently denounces the U.S. government and accuses it of imperialism. The South American country is also prone to blaming its economic woes on Washington, and the two countries do not exchange ambassadors.Is this the America so many college students are dreaming of?Venezuela teeters on the brink of collapse, with low global oil prices contributing to massive shortage of basic goods like flour and toilet paper. The government recently moved to a two-day work week for public employees in an effort to conserve electricity.Maduro, who has publicly denounced President Barack Obama, said Sanders  ought to win in the United States.  The Vermont senator trails frontrunner Hillary Clinton and has little chance of amassing the delegates needed to receive the Democratic nomination. Via: The Olympian ",0
20488,BOOM! NAVY SEAL VET DESTROYS Whiny Organizer Of ‘Veterans Against Trump’ [VIDEO],"There is a stark difference between these two veterans. Perry O Brien, the crybaby veteran who has organized a group against Trump is put in his place more than once during their interview with CNN s Don Lemon. Former Navy Seal Carl Higbie brilliantly calls out and embarrasses conscientious objector Perry O Brien  for attempting to label him a  racist  because he doesn t agree with a particular religious ideology.We re not really fans of CNN, but they actually do America a favor when they bring guests like the conscientious objector, Perry O Brien onto their show to go head to head with a brave and passionate defender of America. This interview provides a pretty good representation of the how the Left has wussified the male vs. the strong conservative male who stands ready to defend his nation. If I were Trump I d pick the latter to be on my team. The reality is, when the sh*t hits the fan 99% of Americans are going to want veteran Carl Higbie on their team. We re not going to give a damn about whether or not he s passed a sensitivity course we just want to keep our nation safe from those who would like to take away our freedoms and destroy our way of life Anti-Trump and pro-Trump veterans debate Donald Trump's record https://t.co/u52Ea97Ny8https://t.co/jpUvhlw2zn  CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) June 1, 2016",0
20489,LOL! The Woman Who Couldn’t Be Bothered With Protecting Lives Of Brave Americans Serving In Benghazi Attacks Trump On National Security,"Ironically, the two issues that catapulted Trump past all of his competitors in the GOP Presidential race were building the wall on our southern border and not allowing unveiled refugees to enter our country. We re gonna go out on a limb and guess that based on Trump s popularity with a wide variety of Americans, both issues are pretty important when it comes to our national security.Hillary Clinton will launch an attack on Donald Trump s national security policy Thursday, focusing on an issue the likely Democratic presidential nominee could use to her advantage over the billionaire New Yorker.The address in San Diego will  make clear the threat that Donald Trump would pose to our national security and to put forth her own vision for keeping America safe at home and leading in the world,  Clinton s campaign said in a statement Wednesday afternoon.For Clinton, the move is part of an effort to paint Trump as fundamentally unsuited to lead the world s most powerful military as she hopes to pivot away from the extended Democratic primary and toward a general election match-up with the presumptive GOP nominee.The attacks on Trump s lack of national security bona fides have increased speculation that he might pick a running mate with more experience in the defense or foreign policy, such as Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.). Throughout this campaign, Trump has refused to outline any coherent foreign policy doctrine, failed to demonstrate a basic understanding of world affairs, and repeatedly proven he s temperamentally unfit to serve as our commander in chief,  Clinton s campaign said on Wednesday.Despite his apparent weaknesses, however, Trump benefitted the most when the GOP primary contest took on a national security focus following deadly terror attacks in Paris and San Bernardino last year. Notwithstanding their radical nature, Trump s proposals to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and temporarily ban foreign Muslims from entering the country have attracted a fair amount of support from fellow Republicans.",0
20490,Race Obsessed Democrat Congressman CAUGHT Allowing Daughter To Use Vehicle With Congressional Plates As Taxi For Hire,"Of course, Black Caucus member and loudmouth activist, Rep. Cummings would be the first to let everyone know how outraged he was if this what a white congressman A Lyft car adorned with congressional plates that went viral on social media belongs to Rep. Elijah E. Cummings (D-Md.), The Washington Post reported Tuesday.A photo submitted to local Washington, D.C., blog Popville last week depicted a black Honda with a pink Lyft driver sticker on its window shield and the words  Maryland U.S. Congress 7-A  on its license plates.Cummings told The Washington Post that his daughter   who just graduated from Howard University   has been using the car to drive for Lyft and earn extra income. In an effort to earn some extra money to pay her expenses at school, she signed up for a part-time position with one of the ride-sharing companies,  Cummings said.  They, in turn, gave her a sticker to apply to the windshield of the car. Cummings added that he has asked his daughter to remove the congressional plates, which afford special parking privileges for members and staffers.Allen B. West   Elected to the House in 1996, Cummings is coming up on his 20th year representing Maryland s 7th congressional district which includes over half of Baltimore City and most of Howard County. His district contains some of Maryland s most  black  precincts, precincts in which statistics for crime and incarceration, homelessness, economic development, school drop-out, unemployment, drug conviction and out-of-wedlock birth rates all are consistently worse than both state and federal levels for all those same statistical categories.Yet despite these facts, Cummings believes its time for EVERYBODY ELSE to realize that black lives matter.In a piece published on afro.com Cummings laid out his plan new plan,  Enacting  Black Lives Matter  into law , stating [in part]: America is at an historic crossroads. Either we will move forward in 2016 with public policies that support greater opportunity for everyone or we will continue to sink deeper into economic inequality, injustice and violence. These are the stakes in our current political struggles   and this is why black lives should matter for everyone. It s not the first time congressional cars have come under the spotlight. Roll Call s video of Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-D.C.) performing a botched park job outside the Capitol went viral last year. Via: The Hill",0
20491,SYRIAN REFUGEES Spreading Catastrophic Outbreak Of FLESH EATING DISEASE To Host Nations…Disease Is Difficult To Detect In Refugees Coming To U.S.,"How many times have the press and the Left admonished Trump for saying we need to do a better job of vetting the refugees coming into America? Call me  racist,  but the threat of polio, measles, TB and this horrific flesh eating disease all seem like pretty good reasons to re-evaluated our open borders to Muslim refugees position The Syrian refugee crisis has precipitated a  catastrophic outbreak  of a flesh-eating disease that is spreading across the Middle East and North Africa, according to research published on Thursday in the scientific journal PLOS. Largely missing from news media coverage is that the same news-making scientific report warned the ongoing violence in Syria has  created a setting in which we have seen the re-emergence of polio and measles, as well as tuberculosis, hepatitis A, and other infections in Syria and among displaced Syrian refugees. Indeed, in 2013 the World Health Organization documented new cases of vaccine-preventable diseases such as measles, reporting that year alone the number of confirmed measles cases in Syria reached 139, as compared to no documented cases in 2010 and 2011.The WHO reported that 2013 saw Syria s first outbreak of polio since 1999. According to an April 2015 WHO report, 35 children were subsequently paralysed by polio before the start of a new vaccine campaign.In November, 2014 PLOS documented the spread of measles from among the Syrian refugee population.Regarding the flesh-eating disease, leishmaniasis, PLOP warned in its latest report,  We may be witnessing an epidemic of historic and unprecedented proportions, but it has largely been hidden due to lack of specific information. The PLOP journal reported leishmaniasis is now affecting hundreds of thousands of refugees and has spread to Iraq, Lebanon, Jordan, Libya and Yemen. In Yemen alone, 10,000 new cases have been reported annually, the journal reported. Additionally, the number of cases of CL (cutaneous leishmaniasis) has most likely been severely underreported  due in part to constraints on collecting data from violence-torn regions, PLOP warned. Few countries have mandated reporting of CL and the resultant weak reporting system promotes a lack of disease awareness and public policies for treatment and prevention,  the report added. Due to the violence, Syrians have been forced to flee from their homes and seek refuge across the Middle East, North Africa, and, more recently, Europe,  the journal documented.Volcano-like ulcersLeishmaniasis, meanwhile, is a disease caused by protozoan parasites. It is spread almost entirely by sandflies, including those present in the U.S.There are three main types of the disease: cutaneous, mucocutaneous, and visceral leishmaniasis.Cutaneous is the most common form among Syrians. It manifests in skin sores that typically develop within a few weeks or months from a sand fly bite. The sores can initially appear as bumps or nodules and may evolve into volcano-like ulcers.Mucocutaneous leishmaniasis causes skin ulcers like the cutaneous form, as well as mucosal ulcers that usually damage the nose and mouth.Visceral leishmaniasis, which has also been found among Syrian refugees, is the most serious form and can be fatal. It damages internal organs, usually the spleen and liver, and also affects bone marrow.Threat to U.S.?Refugees who enter the U.S. must undergo medical screening according to protocols established by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC. Each refugee must submit to a physical examination, including a skin test and possibly a chest x-ray to check for tuberculosis,as well as a blood test for syphilis.The blood tests do not currently look for leishmaniasis. Clearly, an attending doctor could easily spot a patient with obvious skin ulcers. However, leishmaniasis cannot be detected upon physical examination if the patient is asymptomatic, as can be the case for years.In December, Dr. Heather Burke, an epidemiologist from the CDC s Immigrant, Refugee, and Migrant Health Branch, explained to Breitbart Jerusalem that there is generally a window of three to six months from the initial physical examination until a refugee departs for the U.S.She said a medical examination is valid for six months, and explained that patients undergo a second examination just prior to departure   a quicker  fitness to fly  screening. While she conceded that this final examination is not thorough, she said it would pick up any visible skin lesions. Burke told Breitbart Jerusalem that she is not aware of a single case of leishmaniasis entering the U.S. via Syrian refugees.Dr. Jane Orient, executive director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, warned that  most doctors in the U.S. know nothing about leishmaniasis. We d all need to refer patients to tropical diseases specialists,  she told Breitbart Jerusalem in December.  The treatments are toxic and expensive, and some are not widely available. For Orient, the only sensible public health policy is  for all refugees to pass through a quarantined place like Ellis Island. Officials need to know where they ve been and what diseases occur there. We need sophisticated, reliable screening methods and excellent vector control in any areas where refugees stay. For entire story: Breitbart News",0
20492,One Person MURDERED Every 14 Hours In Obama’s GUN-FREE Hometown…Black Chicago Residents Speak Out: “My Life Has Been Hurt By Democrats” [VIDEO],"69 people were shot in gun-free Chicago over this past Memorial Day weekend. Meanwhile Barack Obama is busy working with Black Lives Matter terror groups to point fingers at law enforcement and white people for the crisis majority black neighborhoods are facing in their communities. When will the media start exposing the truth about gun-free zones in America? It should be clear to every American that violent gun related crimes don t stop because you put up a gun-free zone sign in a neighborhood filled with bad guys.Instead of focusing on broken families, elected Democrats have been ignoring these communities for decades in favor of kickbacks and favors from vendors and contractors and in many cases, outright theft from money that was designated for local schools or community improvement projects. Unless and until someone gets serious about finding jobs for blacks and cutting off welfare funding as a reward for teenage and single moms to have multiple children, this problem will only get worse. Children need a father in the home period.Here are a few crime statistics that prove most of the crime victims in the gun-free city of Chicago are black males. Black on black crimes are the biggest issue these communities face, yet Obama and race baiters for hire across America have magically turned the argument around and are blaming Whites and cops for the huge uptick in violence in these mostly black neighborhoods.Sadly, a large number of the crimes have gone unsolved, as people who live in these neighborhoods don t want to rat out the killers. (Note the number of shootings where police were involved vs. the number of shootings between citizens HELLO Black Lives Matter!)Here s what black Chicago residents really think of their Democrat leaders, including the former Chicago community organizer/hustler, Barack Hussein Obama. They explain how Democrats are really the people responsible for perpetuating black on black crime:BLOODY MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND:Just after midnight, in one of the last shootings of the Memorial Day weekend, two people pulled out guns and started firing in East Garfield Park.The first call to police early Tuesday was for one person shot on Homan Avenue. Then a second victim. Then a third. Then someone walked into a hospital a few minutes later.In all, 27 of the 69 people hit by gunfire over the weekend were shot in or near the Harrison District, one of the city s most violent and one of the most heavily patrolled by police.So many people were shot there that Deputy Superintendent John Escalante promised Sunday to beef up patrols. Nine more people were shot there by early Tuesday.The breakdown from the weekend is: Three people killed and 12 people wounded Friday afternoon through early Saturday; one person killed and 24 people wounded Saturday evening through early Sunday; 13 people wounded Sunday afternoon through early Monday; and 16 people shot Monday into early Tuesday, two of them fatally.Here s a SHOCKING 30 DAY Stupidity Trend from HeyJackass.comThe holiday weekend was police Superintendent Eddie Johnson s first since Mayor Rahm Emanuel picked the veteran cop to lead the embattled department in late March. The department sought volunteers to work overtime over the weekend, although police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi did not release figures on how many officers worked. Instead of hiring more cops during a city budget crunch, Emanuel instead has relied heavily on overtime to try to tamp down violence. Via: Chicago TribuneWith the constant bashing of law enforcement by Black Lives Matter terrorists, coupled with the desire by Barack Obama and AG Loretta Lynch to tie the hands of cops across America, it should come as no surprise that cops are no longer willing to go the extra mile to protect those who would like to see them harmed.Question: How much on average does it cost for each gunshot victim in Chicago in 2016?Answer: An ASTOUNDING $68,683* per person*Costs assume the following:$55,000: Average gunshot victim ER and hospital expenses. $1000: Average CFD ambulance ride, only applicable to 80% of victims, rest self-transport. $800: Homicide-related autopsies. Doesn t include hospice care or ongoing rehabilitation. Cost estimates provided by Chicago Killings Cost $2.5 Billion. ",0
20493,KING OBAMA Just Proclaimed The Month Of June Will Be Dedicated To Celebrating Homosexuality,"So let it be said so let it be done.I don t remember anyone asking if Americans were okay with the month of June being dedicated to homosexuality. How quickly we mere citizens have morphed into nothing more than serfs in King Hussein-Obama s kingdom LESBIAN, GAY, BISEXUAL, AND TRANSGENDER PRIDE MONTH, 2016BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICAA PROCLAMATIONSince our founding, America has advanced on an unending path toward becoming a more perfect Union. This journey, led by forward-thinking individuals who have set their sights on reaching for a brighter tomorrow, has never been easy or smooth. The fight for dignity and equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people is reflected in the tireless dedication of advocates and allies who strive to forge a more inclusive society. They have spurred sweeping progress by changing hearts and minds and by demanding equal treatment   under our laws, from our courts, and in our politics. This month, we recognize all they have done to bring us to this point, and we recommit to bending the arc of our Nation toward justice.Last year s landmark Supreme Court decision guaranteeing marriage equality in all 50 States was a historic victory for LGBT Americans, ensuring dignity for same-sex couples and greater equality across State lines. For every partnership that was not previously recognized under the law and for every American who was denied their basic civil rights, this monumental ruling instilled newfound hope, affirming the belief that we are all more free when we are treated as equals. [ ]NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, do hereby proclaim June 2016 as Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Month. I call upon the people of the United States to eliminate prejudice everywhere it exists, and to celebrate the great diversity of the American people.IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this thirty-first day of May, in the year of our Lord two thousand sixteen, and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and fortieth.Via: WhiteHouse.gov",0
20494,DEMOCRATS EAT THEIR OWN: Secret Service Protect Angry Bernie As Leftist Protesters Rush Stage [VIDEO],"It s really quite ironic that the guy who has paid and non-paid protesters inciting violence and riots at virtually every Trump rally across America is being attacked by leftists on him home turf. Seriously though   Bernie Sanders is as far left as a politician can go without becoming a declared Communist. What bone could a leftist protester possibly have to pick with Bernie? The guy is like Santa Claus, but with other people s money. He s promising to punish every rich person in American while rewarding the lazy. What more do these freaks want?  At least four people at a Bernie Sanders rally in Oakland rushed the stage Monday evening, spurring Secret Service agents to jump onto the raised platform and protect him.The Democratic presidential candidate was uninjured and continued speaking, but not before several agents hugged him and pushed him away from the microphone. The identities of the individuals, who yelled as they approached the stage, were not immediately known. They were apprehended and led away by Secret Service from the podium at the Frank Ogawa Plaza, where the rally was being held. After the events of Monday night in Northern California, Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs said,  It was handled professionally by the Secret Service. Watch here:The Vermont senator began receiving Secret Service protection in early February during the early part of the presidential primary season, in his challenge to Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton.  Via: CNN",0
20495,WATCH: Hispanic Parents Make Shocking Video Teaching 3 Yr Old To Say “WE HAVE TO KILL DONALD TRUMP”,"This video exposes the underbelly of the illegal alien community and the hate they have for anyone who would enforce the rule of law in America. Based on the conversation these irresponsible parents are having with their 3 year old child in the video, these parents appear to be concerned about being deported if Trump becomes our next President. It s hard to distinguish the difference between Islamic radical parents who teach their young children that killing innocent Americans is okay as long as it fulfills an obligation to Islam, and Mexican illegals living in America who are teaching their kids the same kind of hate and violent behavior.America is a melting pot. We welcome vetted immigrants from all over the world with open arms who want to become citizens of our great country. Becoming an American does not mean you live here, but are separate from our culture and traditions. It s clear by this video that these parents have an  us against them  mentality. This is NOT assimilation and these are NOT the kind of people we want living in America!WHAT THESE YOUNG ILLEGAL  DREAMERS  Do To Trump Supporters Will Make Your Blood Boil [Video]We posted a story a few months ago that featured young Hispanic kids screaming expletives at Trump supporters as they drove by en route to a Trump rally. Are these the kind of children we want to see growing up to become violent adults in our nation, all because their parents were fortunate enough to illegally cross our borders and give birth to them?https://youtu.be/zjHb3XkPuK0There was also  this professionally made video that was used as a tool to dissuade Hispanics from voting for Trump. Whoever thought this making video was a good idea is a first rate idiot. The only thing this video will do is make Americans want to start deporting more stupid people who think they re above the law Any parent who allowed their child to appear in this vile video should be up on child abuse charges! ***Serious Language WARNING**** ",0
20496,WOW! NH LAWMAKER AND VET Rips Into Liberal Media At Trump Press Event: “Stop making political pawns out of veterans” [Video],"Donald Trump held a press conference today to clarify every since bit of accusations made that he pocketed over six million dollars meant for veterans. Basically, Trump shut the liberal media down. It was awesome! What was even better was watching a New Hampshire lawmaker rip into the liberal press like I ve never seen! ",0
20497,CAUGHT ON VIDEO! Violent Anti-Trump Thugs Pelt Eggs At Trump Supporters,When will the media report on this nice group of illegal aliens and racist American thugs ,0
20498,BREAKING: PICTURE OF MOTHER Whose Boy Climbed Into Gorilla Cage Is Revealed…Angry Black Twitter Users Humiliated After Blaming “White Privilege” For Gorilla’s Death,"Here s what some ignorant race baiting Twitter users had to say about the recent tragedy that involved the killing of a Silverback Gorilla, after a 4 year old boy fell into the exhibit in the Cincinnati Zoo. One of the users claimed the  white  boy who was only saved because he was  white.  Meanwhile, one of these fools actually said if the boy was  black  the endangered gorilla would have only been tranquilized. LOL!Tweets are courtesy of Breitbart News:There are so many things we could point out that are wrong with these ignorant tweets, but clearly the most stinging mistake was the accusations being made about the skin color of the boy.Here s a picture the mother of the 4-year-old boy who fell into the Gorilla World exhibit at the Cincinnati Zoo, which lead to the fatal shooting of Harambe the gorilla. She has been identified as Michelle Gregg. She is clearly not suffering from  white privilege LOL!The 32-year-old mom of four and Cincinnati resident posted a now-deleted Facebook post thanking the zoo for making the difficult decision to shoot the gorilla to save her son.Here is her Facebook post explaining the incident:Harambe, a 17-year-old western lowland silverback gorilla, was killed after dragging the boy through a moat inside the exhibit.Watch video here: The Zoo security team s quick response saved the child s life. We are all devastated that this tragic accident resulted in the death of a critically-endangered gorilla,  Zoo Director Thane Maynard said in a statement.  This is a huge loss for the Zoo family and the gorilla population worldwide. Videos of the incident were recorded by a bystander and posted on social media. The videos show the 400-pound gorilla grabbing the 4-year-old boy and dragging him through a moat area. He then stops and stands over the boy, before dragging him further into the enclosure.During one part of the video, which you can watch below, Michelle Gregg can be heard talking to her crying son and saying  Oh God, please protect him,  while panicked zoo visitors call for help. Isaiah, be calm,  Gregg calls out.  Be calm, be calm. In another part of the video, she can be heard saying,  Mommy s right here,  and  mommy loves you. Kim O Connor, who recorded video of the incident, said it appeared the gorilla was trying to protect the child. I don t know if the screaming did it or too many people hanging on the edge, if he thought we were coming in, but then he pulled the boy down away further from the big group,  Kim O Connor told WLWT-TV.Cincinnati Fire Chief Marc Monahan said in a statement to NBC News that the gorilla was seen  violently dragging and throwing the child. He said the gorilla was  neutralized  by a Cincinnati Zoo employee with one shot from a long rifle.The family issued this statement through a PR firm: We are so thankful to the Lord that our child is safe. He is home and doing just fine. We extend our heartfelt thanks for the quick action by the Cincinnati Zoo staff,  the statement from Gail Myers Public Relations said.  We know that this was a very difficult decision for them, and that they are grieving the loss of their gorilla. We hope that you will respect our privacy at this time. The 4-year-old boy was released from a local children s hospital on Sunday. He suffered serious, but not life-threatening, injuries, authorities said. Via: Heavy ",0
20499,NOT KIDDING! OBAMA Agrees To Turkey’s Demands…U.S. Troops Ordered To Wear Mark Of Islam On Right Arm,"This report is so outrageous that we could hardly believe it was true. Sadly, this is a true story. The idea that our troops would be told to wear an insignia that is pleasing to Islam is beyond the pale.Erdogan wants only the insignias that are pleasing to Islam to be placed on the right arm of all fighters. He has even dictated that American special forces are to wear on their arms Islamic symbols that resemble the mark of the beast we ve been speaking about for decades.Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said that he wants them to wear (get this) the mark of Islam from ISIS or Al-Nusra or Boko Haram: We advise them (US troops) to wear badges of Daesh (ISIS) or (Al-Qaeda affiliate) Al-Nusra when they go to other parts of Syria and badges of Boko Haram when they go to Africa,  Cavusoglu said with angry sarcasm as reported by Al-Arabiya with AFP and the Associated Press. What we are reporting here is confirmed.Erdogan of Turkey was upset that U.S. troops wore the YPG emblem and he got his way. In compliance, U.S. military commanders have ordered special operations troops in Syria to replace uniform patches which they were disguised with bearing the insignia of a controversial Kurdish rebel group known as the YPG.It is amazing that the U.S. quickly complied to Turkey s demands.  Wearing those YPG patches was unauthorized, and it was inappropriate and corrective action has been taken,  Army Col. Steve Warren, a Baghdad-based spokesman, told reporters Friday.  And we have communicated as much to our military partners and our military allies in the region. So which of these emblems will the Americans wear? We shall see. But last year American soldiers fighting against ISIS in Syria and Iraq were actually already wearing the emblem of the Muslim infamous two crossed swords (see below) as USA Today reported. So this Muslim two-crossed sword might be what they will put on their right arm in Syria. Via: Shoebat Unit insignia is important because it fosters esprit de corps,  said Army Col. Steve Warren, the spokesman for Operation Inherent Resolve.  The CJTF-OIR headquarters is made up of men and women from all services, many nations and many different units in the Army. This insignia will be worn by all of the Army members of the CJTF and may be authorized for wear by other services and nations according to their regulations. ",0
20500,WHOA! Mainstream Media Has Officially DECLARED WAR On Crooked Hillary: “Far and away the most devastating 10 minutes on Hillary Clinton you will EVER see” [VIDEO],"Even the most militant supporters of Crooked Hillary are (reluctantly) exposing the truth about her. Fake black guy,  journalist  and Black Lives Matter terror group activist, Shaun King tweeted a scathing video exposing Hillary and the lies she can t escape Leftist Chuck Todd begrudgingly admits,  Because of this breach, for instance, I don t think she could be confirmed for instance, as Attorney General. The best part of the video is when Mika asks looney leftist Andrea Mitchell, who has been carrying the Clinton s water for decades,  I really, don t want to be the one delivering this, but, I gotta tell ya it s really hard to believe. It feels like she s lying straight up. Andrea Mitchell is she [Hillary] lying?  Andrea panics then responds, I can t say that uh I would let the viewer, I would let the voter uh make those determinations. The libs are in panic mode, as they should be. Hillary cannot lie her way out of this and these leftist  journalists  are running out of options to cover for her.https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/736067250105372673And finally Chuck Todd has this to say about Crooked Hillary and her crooked husband,  Like so many of these Clinton scandals, it s impossible to imagine that this wasn t going to surface. ",0
20501,"ESPN SENIOR WRITER Says COPS, SOLDIERS Singing At Ballparks Is Racist Show Of Power…Says 9/11 Police Officers Aren’t Heroes [VIDEO]","What happens when a black police officer sings the national anthem at a ball park? Is that racist as well? When will Disney owned ESPN figure out their fans aren t watching for their ignorant, racist commentary? ESPN Magazine  senior writer Howard Bryant argued in has latest column that police officers and military personnel should not sing the national anthem before sporting events.But it s not because he thinks they have bad voices   but rather because it amounts to a display of  staged patriotism  signaling an  authoritarian shift at the ballpark. Why don t more athletes speak out on behalf of their communities?  Bryant wrote.  Perhaps more of them would if there wasn t a chilling force looming over them. Bryant s column became a subject on a  Fox and Friends Weekend  segment, and the gang totally disagreed with him.Anna Kooiman noted that Bryant had written similar columns, in which he took the exception to  doing the flyovers and singing the national anthem and  God Bless America. In today s political climate, where kids in some district can t recite the Pledge of Allegiance, she asked  What is the problem here with expressing some patriotism? It s not forced patriotism! Peter Doocy said that, according to Bryant, these displays are  feeding into the 9/11 hero narrative,  which butts heads with the Black Lives Matter movement.He does not believe that police officers on 9/11 were heroes,  he said, and then wondered why a sporting magazine was opining about politics in the first place. Via: BizPac Review ",0
20502,COMMUNIST VIETNAMESE LEADER THANKS U.S. Anti-War Activists For Helping With Their Victory Only Days Before Obama’s Visit,"Obama s historic Embracing the Communists Tour wouldn t be complete without a stop in Vietnam All on the American taxpayers dime, of course In the weeks leading up to Memorial Day and President Barack Obama s scheduled trip to Vietnam, a prominent Vietcong communist leader privately thanked American anti-war activists for helping defeat the U.S.-allied government in Vietnam in the 1970s, saying protest demonstrations throughout the United States were  extremely important in contributing to Vietnam s victory. For Vietnamese guerrilla leader Madam Nguyen Thi Binh, who sent the private letter from Hanoi dated April 20,  victory  meant the communist takeover of South Vietnam. The letter addressed veteran American anti-war activists who gathered in Washington, D.C., at a May 3 reunion of radical  May Day  anti-war leaders.The Daily Caller News Foundation obtained a copy of the letter at the meeting.Binh, now age 90, originally served as the highest ranking Vietnamese delegate to the Paris Peace Talks that imposed a ceasefire in the country in 1973.The  Vietcong  was a ragtag group of communist guerrillas who were allied with the official communist government in North Vietnam. The country was cut in two in 1954, with the south seeking to build a democratic state allied to the West.Binh s frank admission highlights a secret side of the communist s effective lobbying influence in the United States. Rather than live in the southern part of the country, which for decades she represented as a diplomat, it appears after the war Binh was living in Hanoi, the original capital of North Vietnam.In her letter, she extolled the American anti-war movement, saying it was  a key component  that advanced the communist takeover of South Vietnam. The Vietnamese people have great appreciation for the peace and antiwar movements in the United States and view those movements  contribution as important in shortening the war,  she wrote and which was read to an assembled group of  May Day  anti-war activists in Washington, D.C.The  May Day tribe  consisted of thousands of radical anti-war protesters bent on shutting down Washington, D.C., in May 1971 through three days of massive civil disobedience. More than 12,000 protesters were arrested, for filling the streets to block feds from getting to work.The Nixon administration was so fearful of violence against federal employees, it deployed 5,000 paratroopers from the 82nd Airborne Division and thousands more from the Marine Corps barracks to protect the 14th Street Bridge, a major thoroughfare into the nation s capital from Virginia.The protesters rallying cry was,  if the government won t stop the war, we ll stop the government. The war temporarily ended in 1973 when the Paris Peace Treaty was signed that imposed a ceasefire on all parties.That ceasefire was abruptly broken in 1975, however, when the North Vietnamese forces launched a surprise  Spring Offensive. Leading the offensive were hundreds of T-54 and T-55 heavy Russian tanks that left secret sanctuaries in neighboring Cambodia and flooded into South Vietnam. Regular North Vietnamese troops spearheaded the offensive, along with guerrillas tied to the Vietcong, which also called themselves the National Liberation Front of Vietnam.By the time the Russian tanks were about to drive into Saigon, a liberal Congress filled with anti-war lawmakers already had hamstrung their South Vietnamese allies. Congress cut military aid to Saigon by 50 percent and handcuffed the South Vietnamese military facing the communist onslaught by barring any U.S. air support or other meaningful military assistance to the government.The offensive was relatively quick, trapping hundreds of thousands of pro-American Vietnamese troops and millions of civilians who had trusted Washington and openly supported the United States.The lasting images of those dark, chaotic days were captured by American news networks, which showed the panic in the capital city.Harrowing pictures depicted U.S. helicopters frantically trying to ferry thousands of panic-stricken Vietnamese citizens and U.S. officials off the roof of the American Embassy. The videos depicted Vietnamese clinging from helicopters in a desperate effort to escape the onrushing communist army.The defeat ultimately triggered an international humanitarian crisis where at least 800,000 Vietnamese  boat people  fled their communist conquerors. Many bravely undertook perilous journeys in small boats across the Gulf of Thailand to escape the new communist warlords. An unknown number of refugees drowned in the exodus.After the communists defeated the South Vietnamese army, more than 1 million South Vietnamese citizens who had supported the United States were left behind and imprisoned in  re-education camps.  About 100,000 faced summary execution by the communist victors.Bill Cowan, who was a Purple Heart Marine platoon leader in Vietnam, told TheDCNF that U.S. troops were demoralized when the U.S. media only highlighted anti-war protesters and not the heroism of many of the Vietnamese who were trying to keep their country free. The media fueled the anti-war movement, empowering the protestors, the North Vietnamese, and the Vietcong,  he told TheDCNF. It was rare to have a  good news  story about what was happening there,  Cowan said. I recall a reporter coming to interview me at the village I was living at and apologizing after she was done by saying,  You know, this story will probably never see the light of day. My editors will quash it because it has too many good things in here about what you guys are doing.  Cowan told TheDCNF.Fred Rustmann, a former Central Intelligence Agency officer who was deployed in Vietnam for two years and later assigned to cover the Paris Peace Talks where Binh was the chief Vietcong delegate, called her  a great propagandist. She was really the propaganda arm of the Vietcong. And she was very effective. She was living in a villa in Paris in the southern suburbs, which was a very communist, socialist neighborhood,  Rustmann told TheDCNF in an interview. He said ironically Binh spent more time in Paris than in Vietnam.In Paris,  she was regularly interviewing with leftist news organization. She had these leftist kids and try to influence them. I believe she met several times with Jane Fonda. Binh actually recalled in her latest letter many meetings she had with American anti-war activists. She wrote,  The first time I met representatives of the American anti-war movement was at a week-long conference held in Bratislava in 1967, with the attendees of about forty Americans. Before parting, we were shaking hands, holding hands,  she recalled in her letter, adding,  During the war years, I also met many other Americans in different places organized by U.S. citizen groups opposed to the war. Obama visited Vietnam last week for a three-day trip, and hailed its communist leadership and downplayed the human rights problems that persist.Hours before Air Force One touched down, Vietnam had scheduled national  elections  for its one-party National Assembly. Reminiscent of previous old communist regimes from the Soviet Union days, the state-run press reported that 98.77 percent of the public  voted  in the election.Only one sentence in Obama s main speech to the Vietnamese public made any reference to human rights problems in the country.Vietnamese government officials also blocked dissidents from meeting with Obama or his advisers when the American delegation arrived in Ho Chi Minh City, formerly Saigon. White House Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said it shows the meeting was  the source of significant discomfort  for Vietnam s rulers. Via: Daily Caller",0
20503,WHOA! HISPANIC TRUMP SUPPORTERS Scream At Anti-Trump Thugs: “GO BACK TO MEXICO!” [VIDEO],"A first hand look at the lie the media continue to perpetuate that all Hispanics are against Trump. WOW! HISPANIC TRUMP SUPPORTERS Scream at Anti-Trump Mob:  Go Back to Mexico!  #RollingThunderhttps://t.co/50evxarkt2    Cris   (@ThePatriot143) May 29, 2016",0
20504,IT BEGINS….OBAMA APPOINTED JUDGE Rules Trump University Records Must Be Released,"Chicago style politics buckle up America Barry s just getting warmed up A federal judge has ordered the release of internal Trump University documents in an ongoing lawsuit against the company, including  playbooks  that advised sales personnel how to market high-priced courses on getting rich through real estate.The Friday ruling, in which Judge Gonzalo Curiel cited heightened public interest in presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, was issued in response to a request by The Washington Post. The ruling was a setback for Trump, whose attorneys argued that the documents contained trade secrets.Curiel s order came the same day that Trump railed against the judge at a boisterous San Diego rally for his handling of the case, in which students have alleged they were misled and defrauded. The trial is set for November.Trump, who previously questioned whether Curiel s Hispanic heritage made him biased due to Trump s support for building a wall on the Mexican border, said Friday that Curiel  happens to be, we believe, Mexican.  Trump called the judge a  hater of Donald Trump  who had  railroaded  him in the case. I think Judge Curiel should be ashamed of himself. I think it s a disgrace that he is doing this,   Trump said.Trump University was started in 2004 to offer courses in entrepreneurship under the Trump brand. Trump gave his blessing, according to court documents reported previously by The Post, becoming a 93 percent owner of the new enterprise.For entire story: The State.com ",0
20505,PANHANDLER CONFRONTED By Outraged Man [Video],"VANCOUVER, Wash. (KOIN)   A Vancouver man confronted a known panhandler recently near NE Andresen Rd. and NE Fourth Plain Blvd., after he saw the panhandler get into a newer Toyota pickup truck.Jimmy Severs works as a tattoo artist right across the street from where the panhandler sits. Severs said he became outraged when he saw the man get into the truck. Just to see somebody sitting out with a 2014, 2015 Toyota Tacoma holding a sign   just imagine how much money that guy has made in the months of sitting there, that I ve personally seen him sitting there,  Severs said.Severs posted his video to Facebook where it s been shared 1,000 times and has more than 43,000 views. ",0
20506,Anti-Trump Protester’s X-Rated Comment Angers MSNBC Anchor: “Grow The Hell Up!”,This is rich! A live feed from MSNBC was trying to show how great the anti-Trump protesters were behaving but all of a sudden a guy yells out a disgusting sexual phrase. Fair warning! ,0
20507,Anti-Trump Protester Surrounded By Mexican Flags In CA: “If Trump Wins He’ll Be Dead Within A Week…Cartel Won’t Have His Bullsh*t” [VIDEO],"It was actually refreshing to see the cops fighting back against an unruly mob of Mexican flag carrying rioters in San Diego (Watch video HERE). It s interesting to see how little coverage the threats against Donald Trump s life are getting by the press. Could you imagine a LEGAL American Tea Party member threatening the life of Hillary? Do you think you d have to scour conservative news sources to find that story? No need to answer that Hundreds of protesters gathered outside a Donald Trump rally on Friday, chanting  f**k Donald Trump  and holding obscene signs   including one that included a death threat against Trump should he win the presidency in November.The young protester held up a sign that read:  If TRUMP wins He ll be DEAD with in A week The Cartel wont have his Bullsh*t. Protester outside Trump San Diego rally threatens Trump with death by cartel if @realDonaldTrump is elected pic.twitter.com/khqIm8Ro4h  Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) May 27, 2016Mexican flags waved as the crowd flooded the street in front of the San Diego Convention Center, where Trump was speaking.Arrests were also made at the anti-Trump riots. Most of them appeared to be Hispanic. Will the media ever disclose how many of the people who were arrested are illegal aliens.Protester handcuffed outside Trump San Diego rally pic.twitter.com/qpMR3Jbskt  Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) May 28, 2016At one point bottles were thrown at police, and in the course of the protests, several people were detained. Several pi atas depicted Trump, including one whose head had been severed in the street, with the rest just a crumpled bit of papier-m ch .Via: Breitbart NewsWhat you didn t see reported by the mainstream media was the ENORMOUS crowd of supporters inside the San Diego venue where Trump was announced to thunderous applause. It s no wonder the Left is freaking out about Trump. He is drawing tens of thousands of supporters in the bluest of blue states and they re coming because they believe in him. They re not coming because of the color of his skin or his promise to fundamentally destroy our nation, they re coming because they want to see America return to her greatness and they believe Trump has the ability to actually make that happen. What America didn't see much of! @realDonaldTrump's rally in Fresno, CA. w/ the MOVEMENT! AKA, #TrumpTrain  pic.twitter.com/oETrL6M4A5  Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) May 28, 2016",0
20508,RUSSIAN ROULETTE FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT: Border Patrol Agents Given Awards For Putting Lives Of Armed Illegal Aliens Before Their Own,"Mind blowing incompetence and reckless disregard for the lives of these brave men and women by politically appointed leftists A new service award recently created by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) for Border Patrol agents could actually put their lives at risk. The award recognizes an agent who does not use deadly force in a situation where they are confronted by an armed assailant.  They want us to put ourselves in a bad tactical situation,  National Border Patrol Council Vice President Shawn Moran told Breitbart Texas in an interview Friday evening.  This could lead to one of our agents getting killed. The award is defined by the CBP as:The Use of Deadly Force Encounter Averted award is to recognize and employee who demonstrated clear situational awareness and courage while disarming a suspect using contact controls and verbal commands before the situation escalated to the use of deadly force. The act must demonstrate courage in the face of an armed suspect and result in no injury in accordance with agencies use of force policy. At first, I thought this was a joke,  Moran told Breitbart Texas. But Border Patrol Agent Chris Cabrera contacted officials in the awards section of CBP and they confirmed it is true, he said. In addition to his Border Patrol duties Cabrera also serves as vice president of NBPC Local 3307 and as NBPC deputy spokesperson. This is a true indication about how the politically appointed leaders of the CBP truly feel about our agents,  he said.Moran said he had not heard about the award before Cabrera brought it to his attention.  I can t recall any official discussions between the union and the department over this,  he explained.  This is typical pandering by our executives to organizations like the ACLU and illegal alien advocates. The exacerbated leader of the NBPC which represents more than 18,000 men and women who protect our nation s borders said,  They are more concerned about placating these groups than protecting Border Patrol agents. He said this is also typical for them to roll something like this out on the day before a big holiday weekend hoping no one will notice.The policy appears to put just one more thing an agent must think about when faced with a life threatening situation.The NBPC posted a copy of the award definition on its Facebook page earlier on Friday evening. Commenting on the award, the organization posted,  This type of thinking will get Border Patrol agents killed. If that happens we will hold the creators of this award accountable. This is despicable. The CBP seems to be following the lead of the Los Angeles Police Department who rolled out a  Preservation of Life Award.  The policy was designed to recognize officers who hold their fire to avoid using deadly force, Breitbart News  William Bigelow reported in November 2015.The Los Angeles Police Protective League had a similar reaction to that of the NBPC. The local police union responded that the award prioritizes the lives of suspected criminals over the lives of officers.NATO forces in Europe considered a similar idea but never implemented it, Bigelow reported. Via: Breitbart News ",0
20509,THAT’S GONNA LEAVE A MARK…Anti-Trump Punks Attack CA Police…Get BIG Surprise When Cops Hit Back! [VIDEO],"Are police officers finally getting sick and tired of walking around on eggshells while being disrespected and abused by the Obama-Soros F*ck The Police crowds?  It s good to see our law enforcement officers actually doing what they re paid to do without coddling Bernie and Hillary s basement dwellers Watch: Protesters outside Trump rally start to attack SD police officers, who hit back. pic.twitter.com/4bSZHVQAck  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) May 27, 2016Here s a video of a F*ck Trump sign carrier who was pepper sprayed by police. Watch the black man near the end of the video ask her,  Was it worth it? Watch: Protester tries to recover after she is pepper sprayed in the face by a SWAT officer. pic.twitter.com/9nocgenykr  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) May 28, 2016Here is a great time lapse video of thousands of Trump fans lined up to get into his San Diego, CA rally. It s interesting how there doesn t appear to be a single act of violence anywhere in this video:Time-lapse: Thousands of Trump supporters still in line for SD rally nearly five hours after doors opened. pic.twitter.com/fzcSpZAWV8  Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) May 27, 2016Here are some of the responses to the YUGE San Diego Trump rally line by Twitter users:For the record and your future reporting: San Diego is NOT a big GOP area. Obama won SD County 55-44% in '08, 51.5-46.4% in '12!  George Biagi (@hoyageorge) May 27, 2016https://twitter.com/nancyporras13/status/736351982521192448Here is a tweet from leftist San Diego councilman encouraging anti-Trump protesters. Saying San Diego will #StopTrump :This lady refuses to let go of the Trump pi ata. Says she will carry it until the end. San Diego will #StopTrump pic.twitter.com/BwTPqcGoq2  David Alvarez (@AlvarezSD) May 27, 2016https://twitter.com/realHJTrinity/status/736335102376955904 ",0
20510,BREAKING VIDEO: TRUMP MOTORCADE BLASTS THROUGH Police Barricade After Angry Anti-Trump Protesters Lob Projectiles At Him,"Are these protesters at the Trump rally in Fresno, CA illegal aliens? If they re not illegal aliens, why are the people who are most angry about the potential of a Trump presidency so loyal to the Mexican flag?Secret Service agents directing the motorcade carrying presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump apparently took evasive action after objects were thrown at the SUV carrying Trump as he departed the Selland Arena in Fresno, California on Friday. Video and online reporting posted by a local TV station shows the Trump motorcade barreling through a police barricade at such a high rate of speed that a shocked reporter said  hundreds could have been killed or injured  by the maneuver.Video by ABC30 reporter Veronica Miracle shows objects being thrown by protesters hitting the Trump motorcade as the convoy departs Selland Arena.Moments later fellow ABC30 reporter Jessica Peres posted her shocked reaction to Twitter as Trump s motorcade apparently took evasive action: Insane! Trump s vehicles RAM through police barricade at high speed and speed out of downtown @ABC30 #TrumpFresno #ABC30Insider Really Jessica Peres? Did you miss the objects that were being LAUNCHED at the Trump motorcade by protesters? Are you aware that the Secret Service has an obligation to protect Trump from harm by these pathetic basement dwellers? How is the Secret Service supposed to determine if the flying objects being lobbed at the motorcade are Starbucks cups from the anti-capitalists punk protestors molotov cocktails? Here is the video footage of Trump s motorcade barreling through the police barricade:It appears there was a security failure by allowing a horde of anti-Trump protesters with a history of violence across the state and nation to gather en masse within feet of Trump s departing motorcade at a vulnerable point as it crept out of the service entrance for the arena and had to make a hard turn off a driveway exit ramp. The apparent high-speed detour through the police line moments later seems to have been a corrective action.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
20511,"MUSLIM MIGRANT Too Sick To Work, With Wife, 8 Kids On Government Dole, Wants To Import 2nd Wife + 12 More Kids","This is probably not an untypical Muslim taxpayer supported family. Once a government makes the decision to open its borders to anyone who cares to come in and to support them, regardless of the size of family, or age of the wife (or in many cases multiple wives), it s very hard to turn off the government spigot Politicians in Denmark have condemned the asylum seeker policy which will allow Daham Al Hasan to rake in thousands in benefits once his huge family is reunited.The 47-year-old fled war-torn Syria two years ago with a wife and eight children before arriving in Denmark.The unemployed migrant, who claims to be too sick to work, has now been granted family reunification for his remaining 12 children and two wives who are still in Syria.The migrant also said the pain was so overwhelming that he could not learn Danish yet.The approval will see the Danish taxpayer fork out 214,128 Danish Kroners ( 21,883) in child support for the family each year.Outraged officials have raised concerns about the policy and suggested the Syrian man is exploiting the country s welfare system.Integration spokesperson for the Conservatives, Naser Khader, said:  It is highly problematic that a Syrian refugee can be allowed to call himself sick to avoid working and learning Danish, so he can support  20 children. The politician added it should not be possible for someone who does not intend to work to be given such vast sums and called for Denmark to implement an upper limit for the number of children a person can claim contributions for.Shader said:  We need to save and it can t be right that a man, who has not contributed, is granted hundreds of thousands in child support.  Via: Express UK",0
20512,OBAMA USES HIROSHIMA VISIT To Blame Religion For Wars…Doesn’t Mention Pearl Harbor [VIDEO],"What a unique way for a President of the United States to spend his Memorial Day weekend apologizing to a nation who wanted to destroy us, but were defeated because of  those brave men who gave all to defend our nation against evil Every visit our repulsive apologist  President  makes to a foreign country is calculated. It s hard to imagine any reason other than campaigning for UN Secretary General for his visits, as he makes his way around to communist and former enemy nations apologizing for America s  transgressions . Will America survive the 7 months that still remain in this traitor s term? President Barack Obama delivered a pious anti-war address in Hiroshima highlighting  humanity s core contradiction  of war, lamenting that humanity tried to justify war because of religion.  How easily we learn to justify violence in the name of some higher cause,  he said.  Every great religion promises a pathway to love and peace and righteousness, and yet no religion has been spared from believers that have claimed their faith has a license to kill. Obama blamed  religious zeal  or  nationalist fervor  for inspiring humankind to war throughout history, but urged the world to seek a future filled with peace.Watch here at the 7:50 mark:https://youtu.be/ikI0F7wVomoThe president did not explicitly apologize for America using the nuclear bomb to end World War II but rhetorically painted a vivid scene of the bomb that wasted the entire city. Death fell from the sky and the world was changed,  he said, pointing to the  wall of fire  that ended the lives of thousands of people. Their souls speak to us, they ask us to look inward, to take stock of who we are and what we might become,  he said.The president delivered his speech at the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park in Hiroshima after he laid a wreath of memorial at the and met with survivors of the nuclear attack.Obama wrestled with mankind history of using science and technological innovation to destroy each other, asserted that the nuclear bombs that ended World War II proved the horror that  mankind possessed the means to destroy itself. Yet, in the image of a mushroom cloud that rose into these skies we are most starkly reminded of humanity s core contradiction,  he said.He argued that it was time for the United States and other countries with nuclear weapons to disarm their stockpiles. We must have the courage to escape the logic of fear and pursue a world without them,  he said. Via: Breitbart News ",0
20513,GREAT NEWS! Thanks To New York’s Socialist Mayor And Leftist City Council…You Can Now Pee In The Streets!,"The social rot continues in a city that was miraculously cleaned up on Mayor Giuliani s watch. All of the hard work Rudy did to fight crime and make tourists as well as residents feel safe again will all be undone by one Socialist mayor Scofflaws of New York, rejoice   the City Council has cleared the way for you to litter, loiter and pee in the street to your heart s content.Watch here:New legislation dubbed the  Criminal Justice Reform Act  was passed by lawmakers Wednesday, giving miscreants a get-out-of-jail-free card by eliminating the criminal penalties on a raft of quality-of-life crimes.The disgusting and disturbing acts that the council voted to decriminalize include drinking alcohol out of a paper bag, lurking in parks after hours, urinating in the street and making enough of a racket to violate the noise code.Under the legislation, which Mayor Bill de Blasio is expected to sign, offenders will face only civil summonses instead of criminal citations.The main part of the  reform  act sponsored by Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito deals with reducing the penalty for public urination and other quality-of-life offenses. It passed by a 40-9 vote in the liberal-leaning council.It aims to keep offenders from getting a permanent criminal record and requires the NYPD to  develop guidance  for cops on when to issue criminal instead of civil summonses.",0
20514,ANGRY BERNIE REFUSES To Respond When TV Host Asks About Collapse Of Socialist Latin American Countries [VIDEO],"#FeelTheBernOfSocialismUnivision host Leon Krauze asked avowed Socialist Bernie Sanders about the collapse of several Latin American countries due to their failed socialist policies. Angry Bernie responded with well, anger.WATCH:",0
20515,WOW! TEXAS IMAM Agrees With Trump About Shutting Down Muslim Immigration: “Peace comes before religion”,"A Texas Imam agrees with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s controversial suggestion that America set-up a  total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States  until further investigation can be done. The Imam also said there should be a ban of Syrian refugees of any religion.The Imam, Nidal Alsayyed, who leads a Beaumont, Texas, mosque agrees with both Donald Trump and Texas Governor Greg Abbott.Governor Abbott called for a halt to relocation of Syrian refugees into Texas after the Paris terrorist attacks. He also called upon President Obama to stop the importation of these refugees into the U.S., as reported by Breitbart Texas  Bob Price.12 News On Monday Trump called for  a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country s representatives can figure out what is going on,  as reported by Breitbart News.Trump said,  our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in Jihad, and have no sense of reason or respect for human life. Trump issued a statement saying that Americans need to understand radicals within Islam before the government authorizes them to come into the country, as reported by Breitbart News.Alsayyed, the Imam from east Texas told his local television station,  I certainly see it to be wise [to] stop temporarily accepting any new Muslim immigrants [refugees and non-refugees] into the United States. Alsayyed leads the Islamic Center of Triplex. He said the halt applies to new refugees of any religion and he does not believe that taking this action is unconstitutional. The Muslim religious leader said these actions are acceptable  when it comes to peace and safety.  He also added,  This should not prevent the United States to fulfill its duties towards international partners. The Texas Imam said,  It does not matter whether Trump said it or anyone else   American Muslims need to say we are with this country.  He also said they should raise the American flag in support of the nation. He continued,  We American Muslims need to be sincere in our religion and to the country we are living in. Peace comes before religion. We need to be truthful and transparent when we express a viewpoint or feedback. It does not matter whether Trump said it or anyone else,  he said.When challenged on his comments the Imam responded in a comment via Facebook saying:I only said what I believe is right. Trump is not against American Muslims; He is against any new Muslim immigrants (refugees and non-refugees)! There is a big difference here! We cannot be emotional.I believe there is a great confusion and lack of understating nationally and among Muslim themselves for what Mr. Trump is calling for. Refugees in general have no clear identity or belief. They are seeking shelter and opportunity; but America cannot take this risk NOW!My advice to trump to stop differentiating among Christian vs. Muslim refugees; only because he may get surprised to see all refugees claiming to be Christians!The east Texas imam made local headlines last December when he denounces ISIS and their ruthless conduct. 12NewsNow anchor Kevin Steele asked Alsayyed if he would denounce ISIS. He strongly replied, Come on, no human being would accept this type of animal behavior. This is like, this is completely, it doesn t belong to any religion this ISIS. In Trump s statement on Monday, he noted a Center for Security Policy poll showing there are segments of the Muslim population that hate U.S. citizens. The poll showed that 25 percent of the Muslims polled  agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as part of the global jihad.  Fifty-one percent of those polled  agreed that Muslims in America should have the choice of being governed by Shariah. Breitbart News has also reported that The Economist/You Gov poll published in late November shows that Americans strongly oppose Muslim immigration into America. The poll showed that of those likely to vote in a primary election, approximately 30 percent believe that all, most, or more than half of Muslims worldwide support the Islamic State (ISIS).An Ipsos poll in mid-September revealed that even before the Paris terrorist attacks, public support for allowing more Middle East refugees into the country crashed once Americans understood the enormous numbers of refugees, as reported by Breitbart News.Before the San Bernardino, California, attacks, a full 61 percent opposed Obama s refugee program, as reported by Breitbart News  John Nolte. Via: Breitbart News",0
20516,DEVASTATING 30 SECOND Commercial Shows Scary Truth About TARGET’S Dangerous Open Door Bathroom Policy [VIDEO],"First it was the FLUSH TARGET  campaign, where a truck will travel to every store in MN delivering a serious message to Target management:  I don t feel safe at Target  Click HERE for [VIDEO]Now a new campaign has been launched with an ad  targeted  at Target shoppers. The ad was produced by Minnesota-based activist group  Flush Target . It s a simple ad with a powerful message.WATCH:",0
20517,THIRD GRADE BOYS COMPLAIN About 9 Year Old Girl Using Boys’ Bathroom…Boys Told To Stand Closer To Urinals,"Girls aren t the only gender who will suffer embarrassment, humiliation and even the prospect of sexual predators in their bathrooms and locker rooms. Shame on American parents for not making more of a fuss about this horrendous decree by a dictator with only seven months left in his final term A Southwest Elementary School parent said he s keeping his three sons out of school until the Howell, MI Public Schools Board of Education explains why a girl is using the boys  bathroom.Matt Stewart said his 9-year-old son informed him Friday that  there was a girl in the bathroom  and the girl was told  to look at the wall  while boys were told to stand closer to the urinals. He said his son indicated the information came from a school staff member. I have three children in Southwest Elementary School and they are being humiliated and intimidated,  Stewart said Wednesday.  Our kids are absent from school until there s a policy in place that keeps them from being humiliated or intimidated.  The bottom line: A 9-year-old girl is in the boys  bathroom with my son,  the father said, adding there is no precaution to keep the girl from walking out of a stall and seeing a male classmate urinating.Messages to Southwest Principal Jennifer Goodwin and district Superintendent Erin MacGregor as well as public information officer Tom Gould were not returned late Wednesday.School board President Michael Yenshaw said the matter  is not one that has reached the board  at this time, and Vice President Stacy Pasini said she preferred  to have no comment. It does not pertain to an immediate threat to the public safety of the district,  Yenshaw s written reply stated.  It may also involve FERPA (Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act) issues, which limit the content of information that the district is permitted to release.FERPA is a federal law that protects the privacy of student education records.Stewart said he spoke with the school principal and MacGregor, both of who would not confirm if the third-grade female student is transgender due to privacy issues.Stewart sought an approved policy through the Freedom Of Information Act, but was told there is no districtwide policy in place on the issue of transgender bathroom use. He said MacGregor  took ownership  for  the final decision on this matter   allowing students to use the bathroom of their choosing. This was (decided) quietly, behind closed doors,  Stewart said.The issue of transgender usage of bathrooms exploded nationally after the passage of House Bill 2 in North Carolina, which became law March 23. It bans transgender people from using bathrooms that don t match the gender on their birth certificate.Via: Livingston Daily",0
20518,FRIGHTENING Observations By A 75 Year Old American…All Of A Sudden America’s Becoming An Islamic State,"These are shocking revelations that have essentially taken place while America and our elected representatives slept.ALL Of A Sudden Before Obama there was virtually no outlandish presence of Islam in America. Only 7 years later, here are some observations made by a 75 year old American:1. All of a sudden, Islam is taught in schools. Christianity and the bible are banned in schools and in our military.2. All of a sudden we must allow prayer rugs everywhere and allow for Islamic prayer in schools, airports and businesses.3. All of a sudden we must stop serving pork in prisons.4. All of a sudden we are inundated with law suits by Muslims who are offended by American culture.5. All of a sudden we must allow burkas to be worn everywhere even though you have no idea who or what is covered up under them.6. All of a sudden Muslims are suing employers and refusing to do their jobs if they personally deem it conflicts with Sharia Law.7. All of a sudden the Attorney General of the United States vows to prosecute anyone who engages in  anti-Muslim speech .8. All of a sudden, Jihadists who engage in terrorism and openly admit they acted in the name of Islam and ISIS, are emphatically declared they are NOT Islamic by our leaders and/or their actions are determined NOT to be terrorism, but other nebulous terms like  workplace Violence. 9. All of a sudden, it becomes policy that Secular Middle East dictators that were benign or friendly to the West, must be replaced by Islamists and the Muslim Brotherhood.10. All of a sudden our troops are withdrawn from Iraq and the Middle East, giving rise to ISIS.11. All of a sudden, America has reduced its nuclear stockpiles to 1950 levels, as Obama s stated goal of a nuke-free America by the time he leaves office continues uninterrupted.12. All of a sudden, a deal with Iran must be made at any cost, with a pathway to nuclear weapons and HUNDREDS of BILLIONS of dollars handed over to fund their programs.13. All of a sudden America APOLOGIZES to Muslim states and sponsors of terror worldwide for acts of aggression, war and sabotage THEY perpetrate against our soldiers.14. All of a sudden, the American Navy is diminished to 1917 Pre-World War I levels of only 300 ships. The Army is at pre-1940 levels. The Air Force scraps 500 planes and planned to retire the use of the A-10 Thunderbolt close air support fighter. A further draw down of another 40,000 military personnel is in progress.15. All of a sudden half of our aircraft carriers are recalled for maintenance by Obama rendering the Atlantic unguarded, NONE are in the Middle East.16. All of a sudden Obama has to empty Guantanamo Bay of captured Jihadists and let them loose in Jihad-friendly Islamic states. He demands to close the facility.17. All of a sudden America will negotiate with terrorists and trade FIVE Taliban commanders for a deserter and Jihad sympathizer.18. All of a sudden there is no money for American poor, disabled veterans, jobless Americans, hungry Americans, or displaced Americans but there is endless money for Obama s  Syrian Refugee  Resettlement programs.19. All of sudden there is an ammunition shortage in the USA.20. All of a sudden, the most important thing for Obama to do after a mass shooting by two Jihadists, is disarm American Citizens.21. All of a sudden, the President of the United States cannot attend the Christian funerals of a Supreme Court Justice and a former First Lady because of previous (seemingly unimportant) commitments.Finally And all of a sudden, I m sick to my stomach. I m not sure the majority of Americans recognize the seriousness of the situation and how much  progress  has been made by Islam these last 7 years, a very brief time compared to a 75 year lifetime!This was sent to 100% FED UP! by a fan of our Facebook page.",0
20519,REGISTERED SEX OFFENDER Arrested After “Harassing” Little Girls In Girl’s Bathroom,"Wow! They re really coming out of the woodwork now! Peeping at little girls is sick and so twisted but it s obvious this guy has a past he s a REGISTERED SEX OFFENDER! Is this what OBAMA and the nutty liberals want? Keep you children close and go into the bathroom with them you don t know who you ll find in there these days. After questioning a man seen peeping at little girls in the women s bathroom of a community park, California police discovered he was already a registered sex offender.Police in Placerville, Calif., arrested Kenneth Tincher, 62, for harassing little girls in a bathroom of the city s Rotary Park. The girls were at the park on a field trip for school, police reported. Witnesses told police that for much of the time Tincher was hovering outside the bathroom and leering at the little girls, but at one point even went inside the bathroom with some of the girls.The suspect fled the park before police arrived, but he was was later arrested at another city park. He was wearing only a pair of pants, found living out of his truck, and told police he is a transient from Sacramento.Once they identified the suspect, police learned he was already a registered sex offender. Placerville authorities reported that Tincher was registered as a sex offender in Sacramento only two weeks prior to this latest incident.Read more: Breitbart",0
20520,WATCH: ANTI-GUN CRUSADER KATIE COURIC Intentionally Edits “Under The Gun” Documentary To Make Gun Rights Supporters Look Stupid,"We ve said it before, Katie Couric is a wolf in sheep s clothing. Katie has been practicing the promotion of deceitful, leftist propaganda for decades. Don t let the  Little Miss Sunshine  act fool you. This woman is especially dangerous, because so many people think of her as a sweet little benign morning talk show host, and that her anti-gun crusade must be for the good of the country. The makers of a new Katie Couric documentary on gun violence deceptively edited an interview between Couric and a group of gun rights activists in an apparent attempt to embarrass the activists, an audio recording of the full interview shows.At the 21:48 mark of Under the Gun a scene of Katie Couric interviewing members of the Virginia Citizens Defense League, a gun rights organization, is shown.Couric can be heard in the interview asking activists from the group,  If there are no background checks for gun purchasers, how do you prevent felons or terrorists from purchasing a gun? The documentary then shows the activists sitting silently for nine awkward seconds, unable to provide an answer. It then cuts to the next scene. The moment can be watched here:However, raw audio of the interview between Katie Couric and the activists provided to the Washington Free Beacon shows the scene was deceptively edited. Instead of silence, Couric s question is met immediately with answers from the activists. A back and forth between a number of the league s members and Couric over the issue of background checks proceeds for more than four minutes after the original question is asked.Listen here: John Lott, Jr. explains to The Blaze s Dana Loesch how this  documentary  was rigged from the outset:Under the Gun bills itself as a documentary that  examines the events and people who have kept the gun debate fierce and the progress slow, even as gun deaths and mass shootings continue to increase. It follows a number of gun violence victims and those who have lost family members to gun violence as they advocate for stricter gun control laws. The 1 hour and 45 minute film was executive produced and narrated by Katie Couric.Under the Gun has been labeled  dishonest politicking in the guise of media coverage,   loose with the facts,  and  a full-length assault on guns and the Second Amendment  by those in the gun community since its debut on May 15.The Virginia Citizens Defense League labeled the deceptively edited segment featured in the film  unbelievable and extremely unprofessional.  Philip Van Cleave, the organization s president, said the editing was done deliberately to make it appear that league members didn t have a response to Couric s question. Katie Couric asked a key question during an interview of some members of our organization,  he said.  She then intentionally removed their answers and spliced in nine seconds of some prior video of our members sitting quietly and not responding. Viewers are left with the misunderstanding that the members had no answer to her question. Nora Ryan, the chief of staff for EPIX, the cable channel that is airing the documentary, told the Free Beacon in an email,  Under the Gun is a critically-acclaimed documentary that looks at the polarizing and politicized issue of gun violence, a subject that elicits strong reactions from people on both sides. EPIX stands behind Katie Couric, director Stephanie Soechtig, and their creative and editorial judgment. We encourage people to watch the film and decide for themselves.  Via: WFB",0
20521,"STUNNING BETRAYAL! 43 REPUBLICANS, In Dark Of Night Vote To Approve Obama’s Transgender Bathroom Decree","Who knew a President could do so much damage in one year? Who knew he would have the support of so many Republicans we fought so hard to elect, as our last hope to stop Obama s fundamental transformation of America Many are asking what Republicans plan to do to stop Obama s executive war on culture and religious liberty in pursuit of cultural Marxism. Now we know that not only will this party do nothing to stop Obama, they will use their control of Congress to codify Obama s agenda into law.Late Wednesday night, Republicans allowed a vote on an amendment from Rep. Sean Maloney (D-NY), which codified Obama s executive order 13672 making transgenderism the law of the land. Obama s executive order, promulgated in July 2014, instructed bureaucrats to sever contracts with companies that don t follow the Obama mandated sexual identity agenda. This could include companies that don t allow men into female bathrooms in their private corporate offices. The Maloney amendment to the $37.4 billion FY 2017 Energy &Water Appropriations Bill (H.R. 5055) codified that unilateral act into law.The amendment passed 223-195 with 43 Republicans supporting it. The GOP House just supported arguably the most radical Democrat agenda item in the dead of night.Enshrining Obama s specific edict into law and then passing vanity language reaffirming the general importance of religious liberty is like doing CPR on a dead body. GOP leaders are always twisting arms to get conservative members to vote for bad bills. Somehow we are to believe they were impotent in ensuring  moderate  members (what is moderate about transgenderism?) adhere to the party s platform?The reality is that Paul Ryan has long been a supporter of ENDA (Employment Non Discrimination Act), the legislative vehicle for enshrining transgenderism into law and mandating adherence to its dogma on private businesses. That is why he s been absent in this fight. Moreover, Republicans have failed to allow a single anti-religious bigotry bill to the floor since the illegal gay marriage decision was issued by the Supreme Court, despite the ubiquitous threats against private businesses, states, and private property.Clearly, whipping against this vote was not a priority.Once the Maloney amendment passed with GOP votes, Republicans proceeded to do what they always do so well. They offered side-by-side amendments in an attempt to cover up the damage.They passed the  Pitts amendment  as a second-degree by voice vote to affirm the constitutional importance of religious liberty. Then they passed the Byrne Amendments to reaffirm that RFRA is still in place and the government cannot discriminate against religious individuals. Well, as we all know, the Constitution and RFRA (Religious Freedom Restoration Act) have been in place for the entire Obama administration, yet he is still able to get away with anti-religious bigotry edicts by claiming they don t interfere with religious beliefs.To begin with, this entire spending bill was something that should never have come to the floor. It increased spending and retained a number of green energy programs for a department that shouldn t even exist.Now that leadership has loaded this already sub-par spending bill with transgenderism, conservatives should vote against final passage on Thursday. It s bad enough that a Republican House cannot be used as a tool to go on offense against cultural Marxism and anti-religious-liberty initiatives. To pass a bill placing an exclamation mark on that agenda is unforgivable.Via: Conservative ReviewHere is the list of Republicans who voted to assist Obama in his fundamental transformation of America:Amash (MI)Brooks (IN) Coffman (CO) Costello (PA) Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney (IL) Denham (CA) Dent (PA) Diaz-Balara (FL) Dold (IL)Donovan (NY) Emmer (MN) Fitzpatrick (PA)Frelinghuysen (NJ) Gibson (NY) Heck (NV) Hurd (TX) Issa (CA)Jolly (FL)Katko (NY) Kinzinger (IL)Lance( NJ) LoBiondo (NJ)MacArthur (NJ)McSally (AZ) Meehan (PA) Messer (IN) Paulsen (MN) Poliquin (ME) Reed (NY) Reichert (WA) Renacci (OH) Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen (FL) Shims (IL) Stefanik (NY) Upton (MI) Valadao (CA) Walden (OR) Walters, Mimi (CA)Young (IA) Young (IN) Zelda (NY)Via: Conservative Review",0
20522,OBAMA IS FUNDING Nuclear Weapons That Will Be Used Against U.S…Retired Air Force General Exposes DANGER Obama Poses To Security Of U.S. [VIDEO],"Meanwhile, Obama has brilliantly distracted America from his dangerous deals with Iran with White House sanctioned Black Lives Matter terrorists and a manufactured gender identity/inequality crisis Russian and Chinese militaries are increasingly trying to bully American forces because they are  taking advantage of our weakness  and  publicly humiliating us,  according to a respected retired Air Force general and Fox News military analyst. It s a slap in the face  to the United States, Retired General Tom McInerney says, and President Barack Obama  should not accept that kind of behavior. The president  unilaterally disarmed America,  adding  we have all these social experiments,  according to McInerney s 18-minute exclusive video interview for The Daily Caller News Foundation. By transforming America s foreign policy, Mcinnerney says Obama s America is known as a nation that will  protect your enemies and deny your allies support.Retired Air Force General: Obama  Unilaterally Disarmed America  [VIDEO]For entire story: Ginni Thomas, Daily Caller",0
20523,NOT KIDDING: DEMOCRATS Are Calling For Obama To Be Hillary’s Running Mate…But Is That Legal?,"Not that the word  legal  means anything to either one of them Because Hillary Clinton is white and no longer young, a strain of political thought holds that she might lack Barack Obama s inherent appeal to new and minority voters and thus that she won t be able to ride the Democratic party s demographic advantages to easy victory in 2016.Writing for the Washington Examiner, Philip Klein ably sketches the nightmare scenario for liberals.  If Hillary s performance among black voters retreats to more typical Democratic levels,  he writes,  it will hinder her efforts in swing states such as Ohio and Florida, where Democrats need to rack up huge margins in urban areas to make up for their weaknesses in other parts of the states.   It s questionable that young voters will flock to vote at historically high levels for a 69-year-old white woman who has been a national political figure since before many of them were born. The nightmare for conservatives is a complementary scenario in which Clinton holds the Obama coalition together without issue and simultaneously increases Democratic margins among women and whites. In that world, she defeats her opponent by greater margins than Obama defeated John McCain and Mitt Romney. But there s no reason to assume that outcome is any more likely than the one Klein alluded to. And there s also no reason Democrats should tinker with a winning formula. If Clinton can turn out Obama s voters, she will win.The challenge, then, is to make sure Clinton s age and ethnicity don t discourage Obama s youthful, diverse supporters from turning out in November 2016. Fortunately, there s an easy way to make sure that doesn t happen. Clinton simply has to select Barack Obama as her running mate.LOL, you might be thinking. Obama can t be the vice president. That would place him at the top of the line of succession, and the Constitution limits him to two terms. Clinton would end up in court before she ended up in the White House if she pulled something like that.I ll grant that if Democrats nominate Barack Obama to be their vice presidential candidate next year, it would be somewhat controversial. But here Democrats can borrow tactically from the literal-minded conservatives who have seized on syntactic oddities to unravel Obama s domestic agenda. As a purely textual matter, the Constitution merely prohibits Obama from being elected to a third term. It doesn t necessarily prohibit him from actually being president again, should Hillary Clinton no longer be able to serve. And were he on the ticket, Clinton s potential liabilities with Obama loyalists would disappear.As hot takes go, this one is significantly more piping than, say, the idea that Al Gore should challenge Hillary for the nomination. My guru for this argument is Cornell University law professor Michael Dorf, though others have examined the issue, as well.There are three sections of the Constitution that prescribe limits on who can be president and vice president: Article II, the Twelfth Amendment and the Twenty-Second Amendment. While the former two limit who is  eligible  to serve natural born citizens, 35 or older the Twenty-Second Amendment begins  No person shall be elected to the office of the President more than twice. Whether its adopters intended it or not, the plain language of the Twenty-Second amendment doesn t prohibit a former two-term president from succeeding a sitting president and serving out the remainder of her term. It merely prohibits him from running for a third. By using the term  elected  instead of  eligible,  its authors created a loophole large enough for a Clinton-Obama ticket to coast to victory through. Via: New Republic ",0
20524,BLACK CONSERVATIVE Student DESTROYS Black Lives Crybabies: “I Am Katie Danforth And I Am Working My A*S Off To Become Something” [VIDEO],"If you have the time, you should watch every minute of this video. If you can t watch it all, go to the 56 minute mark and watch DePaul University Junior, Katie Danforth give the Black Lives Matter Crybabies get an earful: ",0
20525,ILLEGAL ALIENS Sent To States With Lax Voter ID Laws: Told To VOTE Democrat Or Be DEPORTED,"DEMOCRATS Making free and fair elections impossible in America. Hmmm I wonder why Obama, Hillary and Bernie are fighting so hard to keep our borders open? According to a new report from The Extract, illegal immigrants in the United States in 2012 were sent to states with lax voter identification laws and told that they would be deported if they didn t vote Democrat.From the report:Report: Illegals Told to Vote Democrat or Face DeportationDocumentarian Jo Anne Livingston has been working with her husband, Luke, to take a comprehensive look at the ongoing border crisis as experienced by the illegals themselves. After numerous interviews, she recently reported a number of astounding revelations that only confirm some long-held suspicions among conservatives.Most notably, she indicated that  witness after witness after witness  asserted that they were given voter registrations prior to the 2012 election and sent to states without voter identification laws.Upon receiving the instruction, Livingston explained, they were informed that unless they  show up and vote the democratic [sic] ticket, they would be arrested and deported. Another shocking allegation revolves around proposed legislation she reportedly accessed during research for the documentary. If passed, she noted that immigration judges would have their hands effectively tied when addressing the overwhelming problem of illegals skipping their court date. Via: Progressives Today",0
20526,"DEMOCRAT UNDERBELLY EXPOSED: Out-Of-Control Violence Erupts…Anti-Trump Rioters Deliver On Threat To Turn Up Heat, Shut Down Free Speech [VIDEO]","Donald Trump on Wednesday slammed what he described as  thugs  and  criminals  who clashed with police outside an Albuquerque campaign event, just hours after police in riot gear and mounted patrol units faced off against the violent crowd.The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 25, 2016Watch here:The clashes erupted overnight, after Trump and some 4,000 of his supporters left the Albuquerque Convention Center. Approximately 100 demonstrators remained in downtown.Smoke grenades were used in an effort to disperse the crowd, while protesters threw rocks, plastic bottles, burning T-shirts and other items at officers. Albuquerque police said on Twitter late Tuesday that  several  officers were being treated for injuries as a result of being hit by rocks. At least one person was arrested.Inside the Trump rally, demonstrators shouted, held up banners and resisted removal by security officers. The banners included the messages  Trump is Fascist  and  We ve heard enough. Trump s supporters responded with chants of  Build that wall!  At one point, a female protester was physically dragged from the stands by security. Other protesters scuffled with security as they resisted removal from the convention center. The altercations left a glass door at the entrance of the convention center smashed. During the rally, protesters outside overran barricades and clashed with police in riot gear. They also burned T-shirts and other items labeled with Trump s catchphrase,  Make America Great Again. Trump supporters at the rally said they appreciated his stance on boosting border security and stemming the flow of people crossing the border illegally, but some said they were frightened by the violent protests outside. Albuquerque attorney Doug Antoon said rocks were flying through the convention center windows as he was leaving Tuesday night. Glass was breaking and landing near his feet.  This was not a protest, this was a riot. These are hate groups,  he said of the demonstrators. Via: FOX NewsWho are these domestic terrorist hell bent on shutting down free speech, and who is organizing these violent riots? What exactly is their end goal?An article published by Breitbart News in 2010 provides us with some pretty good clues:The radical Progressive wing of the Democrat party, through people like Lisa Fithian, has been in direct coordination with the very Anarchy protesters who trashed St. Paul, Minnesota, in 2008 during the Republican National Convention. They would have done much more damage had they not been thwarted by a former radical-turned FBI informant.How do we know this? Because they wrote about it. Why don t you know about it? Because the media in this country never bothered to look into whom the people were who organized the marches which repeatedly led to violence and arrests.If any of the mainstream press had been the slightest bit curious (and why would they be? It was just politically organized rioting on the streets of our country), they could have performed some cursory Google searches that return ample circumstantial evidence of direct coordinating efforts between the clean, presentable, mainstream face of the Progressive-Democrat movement, and the dark underbelly of the Anarchy movement in this country. *How does this relationship work? It s simple(ish). Let s start with the clean face of the Progressive-Democrats: the Congressional Progressive Caucus. This entity was founded and organized by self-described Socialist U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, and by an organization called the Democratic Socialists of America (DSA).The DSA was founded and supported by many of the same people active in the 1960s radical movement, known widely as Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) and their domestic terrorist wing, the Weather Underground Organization (WUO).Key members of the Democratic Socialists of America are principal organizers of two current groups called  Progressives for Obama  and the reconstituted  Movement for a Democratic Society  (MDS).Progressives for Obama is where the straight face of Progressive unions, non-profits, and educational institutions organized their efforts to elect then Senator Obama to the presidency.The reconstituted MDS is the tip of the nose of America s ugly radical Progressive face. The MDS made it its mission to restart the SDS. They succeeded, and one of the first tasks of the reconstituted SDS was to begin forging a relationship with Anarchists and to participate in what they call  Direct Action  protests. They succeeded, and the synthesis of the Progressive Democrat movement with the Anarchists manifests itself in the self-described Socialist Anarchy movement called the Direct Action Tendency (DAT). The DAT, along with Lisa Fithian s United For Justice and Peace, represents the very ugly face of the Progressive-Democrat movement, where they coordinate with street thugs, Che/Castro worshiping Socialists, and islamists.**What is a  Direct Action?  A direct action typically (but not exclusively) consists of staging a protest with the predetermined goal of causing a direct confrontation with the police.While covering the Democrat convention in Denver, and subsequently the Republican convention in Minneapolis/St. Paul, it became clear that there was a distinct and organized pattern at work.Organizers would stage a rally and/or a concert. These events were planned and permitted through the local municipalities. The goal was almost always the same. Eventually the organizers would breach the boundaries of the permit, and force a confrontation with the authorities. This frequently resulted in extensive damage to property, as well as added expense in resources devoted to dealing with the Anarchists.What s the point? It s three-fold. 1) These events present successful organizing opportunities to collect names and contact info of participants, thus growing the movement. 2) These events radicalize the members, making them more devoted to the cause. 3) Propaganda is produced that depicts the  evil police  being brutal to otherwise seemingly peaceful protesters.What s their goal? To end Capitalism, with which they equate racism, sexism, exploitation, terrorism, and murder.These Direct Action Tendency and United For Justice linked events, (like the RNC Welcoming Committee) represent a modern day Progressive-Anarchy Tea Party. One main difference of course between the Conservative/Libertarian Tea Parties, and the Progressive-Anarchy Tea Parties is the premeditated tactic of breaking the law and getting arrested. Conservatives and Libertarians don t tend to do that. Progressive-Anarchists have mastered it as a form of political art.This all begs the question, if a group of Conservative/Libertarian Tea Partiers engaged in an attack on an urban infrastructure with the premeditated goal of shutting down a Democrat political event, would they face charges for federal civil rights violations? Perhaps that would depend on whether or not America is a land where people are guaranteed the right to political expression and peaceable assembly.",0
20527,DESPERATION OR STUPIDITY? GERMAN State Recruits REFUGEES With No Passports For Police Officer Jobs,"It s too late for these countries who ve been invaded by mostly young Muslim male refugees to turn back the clock. Bavaria is now being forced to do whatever they can to fight back against terrorism in their own backyards. You can t allow millions of unchecked Muslim men to invade your sovereignty without paying an enormous price. Asking refugees to police refugees is like asking prisoners in a jail to police themselves. When mostly Muslim men have invaded a majority Catholic state, and are now being asked to police its citizens, what could possible go wrong?Migrants will be increasingly recruited as police officers   those with and without German passports. Interior Minister Herrmann hopes this will produce a greater clear-up rate and a de-escalation of violence. The failures in the investigations of the NSU terror group have increased these efforts.Bavaria will increasingly employ police officers with foreign roots. Experience has shown that they have a  more direct line  to people of immigrant origin, as they speak their language and know their mentality better, said Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann (CSU) on Monday in Nuremberg.  I hope this will help police achieve better clear-up rates and conflict resolution.  Via: Merkur.deThis is insane. I can see many Europeans rightly refusing to acknowledge the authority of police officers who are foreigners and don t even have citizenship.RT  In October, 2015, Bavarian Interior Minister threatened to file a constitutional complaint against the federal government unless it would implement efficient measures to curb the influx of refugees.The Bavarian government stepped up pressure on Angela Merkel s  cabinet, demanding that the German government drop its policy of welcoming an unlimited number of refugees.If  effective measures  are not taken to deal with the crisis, Bavaria will take the matter to the Constitutional Court and charge the German government with endangering  the legal capacity of the German states to act independently,  Bavarian Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann announced after an emergency meeting of the Bavarian government on Friday. One [the German government] does not comply with the law and the other [Bavaria] wants the law to be complied with,  Bavarian Prime Minister Horst Seehofer said, commenting on the decision at the press conference following the meeting.Listen here:",0
20528,WATCH: Black Lives Matter Terrorists CRASH Stage At Conservative College Event…Black Church Minister Threatens Speaker…Female Thug Grabs Microphone…GAY CONSERVATIVE SPEAKER Gives Best Response Ever!,"It s hard to tell what these Black Lives Matter crybabies hate more gays with a different opinion than them or free speech Meanwhile, security guards that were hired and paid by the speaker stood by passively as they threatened and berated the guys who were paying them Milo Yiannopoulos  event at DePaul University had to be cut short Tuesday night after protesters stormed the stage, blew whistles, grabbed the microphone out of the interviewer s hand, and threatened to punch Yiannopoulos in the face.Yiannopoulos attempted to continue the event, but protesters refused to leave the stage and the group of security guards (which DePaul forced both the organisers and Breitbart to pay for) refused to intervene.The male ringleader continued to pace along the stage with his whistle, refusing to let Yiannopoulos speak for extended amounts of time, while the female ringleader forcibly snatched the microphone from the interviewer s hand and shouted at Yiannopoulos just inches away from his face.It turns out the male who threatened Milo is a minister at a local church:https://twitter.com/Nero/status/735325590438481920The good  Minister  following in the foot prints of  Reverend  Al Sharpton tried the same tactics at a Donald Trump and bragged about it on Twitter:The guy that tried to silence @Nero tonight did the same to @realDonaldTrump I hope Soros got his money's worth. pic.twitter.com/Tsv3rpi3DG  Sherry (@NHLaVa) May 25, 2016The male ringleader screamed  Feel the Bern  and chanted against Donald Trump, whilst the female ringleader chanted  Black Lives Matter .The female ringleader also claimed that she had been silenced  for 200 years , prompting Yiannopoulos to question how the supposed 200 year-old protester looked so young.After an extended period of time, the crowd started to chant  Do your job  at security, who remained at the back of the venue for the entire event. When security refused to intervene, Yiannopoulos posed for pictures with fans in the audience, and ordered the crowd to follow him to the college president s office..@nero brought the party outside after inaction from spineless cops pic.twitter.com/0ZjljPHAp8  Furby.jpg (@duckspeakeasy) May 24, 2016Responding to the amount of black female protesters who had turned up, Yiannopoulos hypothesized that it was because he had sex with their brothers. I give it 20 minutes , announced Yiannopoulos.  The black incarceration rates are about to go up . Via: Breitbart News",0
20529,HYSTERICAL! MSNBC Host Gets Rapists confused…Calls Bill Cosby “Bill Clinton” [VIDEO],It seems like a pretty easy mistake. After all he could easily have called Hillary  Obama ,0
20530,WATCH: THE 2006 CHILD MOLESTER AD Bernie Sanders Doesn’t Want Voters To See,"We all know the defense of children comes dead last when it comes to the Left. It s interesting how Hillary helped to get a child rapist off (before she still had her law license taken away) and now nearly a decade later, this news about Bernie s support for child molesters and his non-support for the Amber Alert by way of his  NO  vote What s happened to Bernie-  2006 anti-Bernie  by DailyPolitics Back in 2006, when Sanders was running for the Senate, Republican Richard Tarrant pointed out some things about the socialist s voting record he probably doesn t want his liberal flock to know.For example, Sanders voted AGAINST the Amber Alert system and refused to endorse a bill that would lock away child molesters for life.Via: DownTrend",0
20531,"WATCH: How TRUMP Is Brilliantly CRUSHING HILLARY’S Phony Woman Card, Exposing BERNIE’S Socialist Agenda And Embarrassing Anti-Trump #AngerBabies","As the #NeverTrump movement has become officially irrelevant, our hilarious friend Joe Dan Gorman of Intellectual Froglegs puts the state of Trump s winning campaign into perspective for Americans #NeverTrump is fading into the sunset  now relegated to a few tassel loafered pockets of resistance .and social media trollers. The Anger babies, if you will (a phrase coined by my friend Anthony Adams, I liked it so I stole it). These folks like Ben Shapiro, Bill Kristol, Paul Ryan, etc  believe themselves to be intellectually superior to all of us. They represent purist of the pure  the self-appointed guardians of conservatism, who for the most part are the biggest hypocrites on the planet.First.. where was their little #NeverRomney when we were forced to vote for the Grandfather of Obamacare? Or #NeverMcCain?Apparently McCain-Feingold didn t infringe on our first amendment TOO much. Via- Intellectual FroglegsThe Trump Train has officially left the station. Get on or get out of the way. Trump is winning. It s all he knows how to do. Either America accepts Hillary and Bernie s radical agenda for America, which includes gun control, as well as the loss of our First, and several other precious Amendments, or we support a man who is passionate about saving our nation from the evils of globalism and Socialism.#NeverHillary#NeverBernieIf you like  LOVE Intellectual Froglegs videos as much as we do, consider giving Joe Dan Gorman (the guy who s in the video and works so hard to create these great illustrations that capture the true state of our nation) a donation HERE.",0
20532,"AL SHARPTON CALLS For Less Legal Protection For Cops, More Federal (Obama) Involvement When Blacks Are Killed By Cops","How much longer before cops stop coming into the neighborhoods to help the people who hate them? The following is a statement from Ebonie Riley, Washington DC Bureau Chief of the National Action Network: We are disappointed in the decision of the court but unfortunately not surprised. As we have seen throughout the years, when officers opt for a trial by judge rather than by a jury, acquittal is the result. We have been through this with Sean Bell and far too many other cases in the past. This is exactly the reason we are calling for lowering the bar for federal prosecution, and greater involvement of the federal government in cases like this. In federal court, a jury trial cannot be waived without the consent of the prosecution   and we believe that is a fairer, more just process. We continue to stand with the Gray family as they fight for justice for their son.  Via: Weasel Zippers",0
20533,SELFIE OF MUSLIM WOMAN MAKING PEACE SIGN Goes Viral…Twitter Account Shows She’s Not Really So Peaceful,"Another  moderate  Muslim A Muslim woman who was photographed taking selfies in front of a Belgian protest last week, earning her widespread praise for her cheerful stance against bigotry, reportedly praised Hitler and called for the killing of Jews in past Facebook posts.Zakia Belkhiri was photographed taking the selfies as she flashed a peace sign in front of Vlaams Belang protesters at the third annual Muslim Expo in Antwerp.The protests were part of the increasing resistance in Belgium and elsewhere in Europe to the flood of Muslim refugees pouring in from war-torn and poverty stricken countries in the Middle East and Africa. How To Neutralize Anti-Islam Protesters with a Selfie,  was the headline of a Vice.com article where the photos by Jurgen Augusteyns initially appeared.Belkhiri told the BBC she took the photos  to show that things can be different. And that we can live together, not next to each other but with each other. Social media commenters called Belkhiri  a badass  who put anti-Islamist protesters in their place. But the newfound notoriety brought scrutiny of Belkhiri s alleged Facebook and Twitter posts by Breitbart.com and other sites. Many were far more disturbing than anything Belkhiri was protesting.Here s a sample of one of the  peace-loving  Muslim woman s tweets:Belkhiri briefly deactivated her Twitter account, then reactivated it to first deny the posts were hers and then to apologize and explain that she had meant  Zionists. Via: FOX News ",0
20534,TRUMP COMES OUT SWINGING: New Ad Features One Of Bill’s Rape Victims…With Surprise Ending [VIDEO],"Bill s gonna wish his corrupt wife never ran for President by the time Trump is finished exposing this family of grifters. This is more than just about Trump winning, it s about Trump doing the job the media should have been doing to expose Hillary Clinton as an accomplice to her perverted husband for decades Fresh from using the  R  word during a recent sit-down with Sean Hannity, Donald Trump on Monday released on Instagram a new campaign ad against Hillary Clinton featuring the voice of Bill Clinton s rape accuser, Juanita Broaddrick. He starts to bite on my top lip and I try to pull away from him,  Broaddrick is heard saying in the brief ad. Bill Clinton can be seen in the background with a cigar in his mouth.Watch here:Is Hillary really protecting women?A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on May 23, 2016 at 8:27am PDTYou gotta love the cackle at the end The Broaddrick audio comes from an emotional interview that she gave to NBC s Dateline in 1999 describing the alleged rape.Broaddrick says Clinton raped her at a hotel when she was a nursing home administrator volunteering for then-Arkansas Attorney General Bill Clinton s 1978 gubernatorial bid.She told NBC s Dateline that she resisted when Clinton suddenly kissed her:Then he tries to kiss me again. And the second time he tries to kiss me he starts biting my lip   He starts to, um, bite on my top lip and I tried to pull away from him. And then he forces me down on the bed. And I just was very frightened, and I tried to get away from him and I told him  No,  that I didn t want this to happen but he wouldn t listen to me.   It was a real panicky, panicky situation. I was even to the point where I was getting very noisy, you know, yelling to  Please stop.  And that s when he pressed down on my right shoulder and he would bite my lip.   When everything was over with, he got up and straightened himself, and I was crying at the moment and he walks to the door, and calmly puts on his sunglasses. And before he goes out the door he says  You better get some ice on that.  And he turned and went out the door. In an interview with this reporter last week, Broaddrick was asked to comment on the statements made by Trump at a campaign stop earlier this month, where the presidential candidate slammed Hillary Clinton as  unbelievably nasty, mean enabler  who  destroyed  the lives of her husband s mistresses and alleged victims.Broaddrick replied:  I feel like she has been the enabler behind him in allowing him to continue on the same path that he did back in the  70s and  80s and  90s. He has absolutely no morals when it comes to women. Via: Breitbart News",0
20535,BLACK JUDGE FINDS White Cop In Freddie Gray Case NOT GUILTY Of All Charges…PROTESTERS ERUPT [VIDEO],"No reason to deal in facts. A black man was killed by a white cop why bother with a trial right? The verdict is in for one of the officers tried in the death of Freddie Gray: not guilty.Baltimore Circuit Judge Barry Williams found Officer Edward Nero, 30, not guilty of all charges Monday, The Baltimore Sun reports.For anyone who questions whether or not the trial was biased or unfair, they may want to consider Judge Williams  commitment to civil rights:Judge Williams worked for the civil rights division of the U.S. Justice Department, 2002-2005. He was a trial attorney in the civil rights division of the U.S. Department of Justice, 1997-2002. The officer elected to have a bench trial, which means he waved his right to a jury trial and allowed the judge to decide his fate.Prosecutors hit Nero with misdemeanor charges of second-degree assault, reckless endangerment as well as two counts of misconduct in office, which could have landed him with up to 15 years in prison.The prosecution argued that Nero was wrong in detaining Gray without a good reason and for not buckling him into the van. Five other officers were involved in the death. Officer Caesar Goodson Jr. will be the next tried, set to begin June 6.Police arrested Gray in April and transported him in the back of a police van. The details are unclear with conflicting accounts, but Gray appeared healthy when arrested and was severely injured within an hour after his encounter with police. His spinal cord was severely damaged and he died a week later from the injuries.Baltimore Police Officer William Porter, 26, was the first of six officers to be tried, but the case was declared a mistrial. All will be tried separately. Porter, who is black, is scheduled to be tried again in September. Although he did not arrest Gray, he is accused of not properly buckling him into the van, which may have allowed him to slide around in the back, potentially causing the injury.Read more: Daily Caller ",0
20536,NATIONAL SECURITY FOR SALE: UNIVISION Chair Gives Hillary $7 Million To Keep Borders Open,"Trump has the Left scrambling to figure out how they re going to stop the flow of illegal immigrants future Democrat voters into America. The possibility that he will defeat Hillary in a landslide election is becoming more and more real every day The chairman of the huge media company Univision has coughed up $7 million to support Hillary Clinton, according to a report on the biggest donors to her presidential campaign.Haim Saban and his wife, described as  liberal mega  donors, are the Democratic front-runner s top donors, according to the campaign database OpenSecrets.org and its reporter Will Tucker.Saban is notable inside the Donald Trump campaign for canceling coverage of Trump s Miss USA pageant on the Spanish-language network after the Republican proposed a wall between the countries.Tucker revealed the information on Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson, which will air Sunday on Sinclair stations and online.By comparison, Trump s top donor gave $150,000, said the report.From the show s transcript, provided in advance to Secrets:Attkisson:  Would people be surprised to know what s really going on behind some of these campaigns? Tucker:  I think they would. And I think the data that we work with every day reflects kind of what people fear about the political system. It reflects that very few people have an outside influence over the federal political system in the United States. Tucker also found that Wall Street is Clinton s top donor.Below is the information and fuller transcript provided by Attkisson s show:Sharyl Attkisson:  Who are Hillary Clinton s biggest industries and individuals giving to her or her Super PACs? Will Tucker, Open Secrets:  If you look at her campaign, what you ll see is very traditional Democratic sources of campaign funds: Education as an industry and lawyers and law firms, to be specific. But if you factor in her Super PACs that are supporting her, securities and investment, what we consider to be Wall Street jumps up the list. It is her number one donor industry. Haim Sabin is one of the biggest supporters of Hillary Clinton s  Priorities U.S.A. Action  Super PAC.Sharyl:  Who s Haim Saban? Tucker:  Haim Saban is the Chairman of a big media group. He is a liberal mega donor, and has been for several years. He s a very plugged in donor with the Clinton coalition. Saban and his wife have supported Hillary Clinton to the tune of $7 million dollars. Their giant media investment firm owns Univision. That s the Spanish language TV network that cancelled plans to air Trump s Miss U.S.A. pageant after he said he d build a wall on Mexico s border and crack down on illegal immigration. Sharyl:  Would people be surprised to know what s really going on behind some of these campaigns? Tucker:  I think they would. And I think the data that we work with every day reflects kind of what people fear about the political system.  For entire story: Washington Examiner",0
20537,EPIC! COMMIE OBAMA PICTURED With Vietnam President In Front Of This!,"Wow! What a commie putz! After lifting the arms restrictions on Vietnam, Obama gleefully gets a photo right in front of the bust of Ho Chi Minh. That s some rich symbolism right there!",0
20538,"WATCH: RAPPER MAKES VIDEO Shows White Police Officer Being Tortured, Hanged…Says He’s “Not Advocating Violence” Just Promoting Black Lives Matter"," Keep your white Jesus  is all you need to hear to know how ignorant this rapper is. Because anyone who makes a video about torturing and hanging a police officer is somehow concerned about the color of Jesus  skin? Of course, in the end  it s all about pay-back for slavery?Some idiot rapper named David Banner is looking to make a dime out of inspiring hatred and violence in the black community, so he made a video showing a policeman being tortured and hanged. But don t worry   he put a disclaimer up front saying he s not advocating violence!!Watch the stupidity below:Via: The Right Scoop",0
20539,THE MOST CORRUPT WOMAN IN POLITICS Calls Trumps Success “Pretend” [VIDEO]," Says the women whose whole life has been a series of lies.Hillary Clinton on Sunday effectively dismissed her two remaining White House rivals, suggesting that she s better  vetted and tested  than Democratic primary opponent Sen. Bernie Sanders and that presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is only  pretend  successful. I have been vetted and tested,  the Democratic front-runner and former secretary of state said on NBC s  Meet the Press. Clinton also suggested that the Vermont senator has not had a negative ad against him during the primary and said,  I am going to be the nominee.   I m in a much stronger position, and voters who have given me 3 million more votes think that as well. Clinton repeated what she has said in recent days,  We re stronger together,  a likely reference to the acrimony between the Clinton and Sanders  campaigns and supporters, as Sanders keeps alive his longshot White House bid.Recalling how she stayed late into her failed 2008 primary race against now-President Obama, Clinton said that Sanders, campaigning hard this weekend in California ahead of the state s June 7 primary, has  every right to finish off his campaign however he chooses. She also appeared to dismiss Trump s business success, the centerpiece of which is his real estate holdings, in an apparent attempt to get him to release his tax returns. She compared him to  business people who are really successful, instead of pretend successful.  Via: FOX News",0
20540,PITTSBURGH POLICE OFFICERS Boycotting Race Baiting Diva Beyoncé’s Concert May Be FORCED To Work,"The worst thing is the number of white people and people with ties to law enforcement officers will pay to see one of the most influential, openly anti-white, anti-cop entertainers in America There are reportedly several Pittsburgh police officers refusing to work security for Beyonc s May 31 concert at Heinz Field, due to what they call the singer s anti-police lyrics in her latest Black Lives Matter-themed album,  Lemonade.  But city officials may force those officers to provide security for the show. There are police officers that have expressed that they do not want to support an artist that they don t like what she has to say,  said Robert Swartzwelder, president of the Fraternal Order of the Police Lodge No. 1.  It s up to them what they want to do with their off-duty time. Concert venues, like Heinz Field, usually ask city officials to provide off-duty police officers to work security or direct traffic at an event. The choice to work these events is usually each police officer s to make.However, a memorandum to officers from the City of Pittsburgh Bureau of Police says the city may appoint between 29 to 35 officers to work at the concert if they don t recruit enough volunteers.Click HERE for Beyonc s racist, cop-hating video.Swartzwelder said the city s plan would be in direct breach of the contract agreement between the city of Pittsburgh and the police department. Such a move would force the Fraternal Order of the Police to file an unfair labor practice complaint on behalf of its member officers.Last February, the Miami Fraternal Order of Police announced a boycott of Beyonc s concert where her  Formation  world tour would be kicking off. Similar calls to boycott Beyonc  were lodged from Tampa, Florida to Texas.Earlier this month, members from several police organizations, including the Pasadena Police Department and the Coalition for Police and Sheriffs, held a protest near Beyonc s concert in Houston, Texas.Already aware of the criticisms of her music, Beyonc  upped the ante last month and decided to sell  Boycott Beyonc  merchandise, including T-shirts, cellphone cases, and hats.Via: Breitbart News ",0
