id,title,text,label
8321,FAKE NEWS: Media Lying to Public on ICE Arrests,"Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials are continuing to defend themselves against the national media which continues to mischaracterize the role and intent of the   of criminal aliens. [Media reports have called the Operation Cross Check arrests of criminal aliens a   effort by ICE officials and the Trump Administration, despite the fact that this operation has been carried out in the past. More than 2, 000 criminal aliens were rounded up in March 2015, Breitbart Texas reported at the time. The nearly 700 arrests in last week’s operation pales in comparison, yet the mainstream media appears to have lost total perspective in its attacks on the men and women tasked to protect our nation from these criminals.  When ICE agents arrested Daniel Ramirez Medina, a    Mexican national, media outlets quickly jumped on his DACA status granted by the Obama Administration. Outlets failed to report Medina was targeted because of his alleged “gang member” status, Breitbart Texas reported. “Daniel must be given his freedom, now,” said United We Dream Advocacy Director Greisa Martinez in the Washington Times. “Under Trump’s America, no one is safe. Donald Trump and Republicans must say in no uncertain terms that DACA recipients are safe. ” Being a gang member is a   activity. ICE officials tweeted a reference to an April 2012 Operation Cross Check where more than 3, 100 criminal aliens were arrested. “As part of U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s (ICE) ongoing commitment to prioritizing the removal of criminal aliens and egregious immigration law violators, the agency announced today the results of a   national ‘Cross Check’ enforcement   led to the arrest of more than 3, 100 convicted criminal aliens, immigration fugitives and immigration violators,” ICE officials wrote in a press 2012 press release. #TBT April 2012: ICE arrests more than 3, 100 convicted criminal aliens  immigration fugitives in nationwide ophttps:  .  pic. twitter.   —   ICE (@ICEgov) February 16, 2017,  ICE immigration officers carried out a routine, targeted operation aimed at taking dangerous criminal aliens off the streets. The operation resulted in the arrest of nearly 700 criminal aliens. “ICE conducts these kind of targeted enforcement operations regularly and has for many years,” Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. “The focus of these enforcement operations is consistent with the routine, targeted arrests carried out by ICE’s Fugitive Operations teams on a daily basis. ” This operation was planned well in advance of the Trump Administration taking office. It is a regularly scheduled targeted operation. Despite this, media outlets have questioned the intent of the operation and even gone as far as calling it retaliation for immigration protests. U. S. Representative Joaquin Castro ( ) questioned ICE’s intent stating, “I am asking ICE to clarify whether these individuals are in fact dangerous, violent threats to our communities, and not people who are here peacefully raising families and contributing to our state. I will continue to monitor this situation. ” The Austin   added fuel to the fires of speculation when it reported a fake news Facebook post by Austin City Councilman Greg Casar. “I believe ICE is out in public arresting people in order to retaliate against our community for standing up for our values against people like Abbott and Trump,” Councilman Casar posted on Facebook. “Trump and his allies will do everything they can to divide Americans, invoke fear in vulnerable neighborhoods, and demonize an entire community of people. ” ICE firmly responded to these types of statements by officials and media, calling them “false, Dangerous, and irresponsible. ” #TBT April 2012: ICE arrests more than 3, 100 convicted criminal aliens  immigration fugitives in nationwide ophttps:  .  pic. twitter.   —   ICE (@ICEgov) February 16, 2017,  The agency following that up with two additional tweets saying, “These reports create mass panic and put communities and law enforcement personnel in unnecessary danger,” and “Any groups falsely reporting such activities are doing a disservice to those they claim to support. ” These reports create mass panic and put communities and law enforcement personnel in unnecessary danger.  —   ICE (@ICEgov) February 16, 2017,  Any groups falsely reporting such activities are doing a disservice to those they claim to support.  —   ICE (@ICEgov) February 16, 2017,  Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.",0
8322,Dying Infants and No Medicine: Inside Venezuela’s Failing Hospitals - The New York Times,"BARCELONA, Venezuela  —   By morning, three newborns were already dead. The day had begun with the usual hazards: chronic shortages of antibiotics, intravenous solutions, even food. Then a blackout swept over the city, shutting down the respirators in the maternity ward. Doctors kept ailing infants alive by pumping air into their lungs by hand for hours. By nightfall, four more newborns had died. “The death of a baby is our daily bread,” said Dr. Osleidy Camejo, a surgeon in the nation’s capital, Caracas, referring to the toll from Venezuela’s collapsing hospitals. The economic crisis in this country has exploded into a public health emergency, claiming the lives of untold numbers of Venezuelans. It is just part of a larger unraveling here that has become so severe it has prompted President Nicolás Maduro to impose a state of emergency and has raised fears of a government collapse. Hospital wards have become crucibles where the forces tearing Venezuela apart have converged. Gloves and soap have vanished from some hospitals. Often, cancer medicines are found only on the black market. There is so little electricity that the government works only two days a week to save what energy is left. At the University of the Andes Hospital in the mountain city of Mérida, there was not enough water to wash blood from the operating table. Doctors preparing for surgery cleaned their hands with bottles of seltzer water. “It is like something from the 19th century,” said Dr. Christian Pino, a surgeon at the hospital. The figures are devastating. The rate of death among babies under a month old increased more than a hundredfold in public hospitals run by the Health Ministry, to just over 2 percent in 2015 from 0. 02 percent in 2012, according to a government report provided by lawmakers. The rate of death among new mothers in those hospitals increased by almost five times in the same period, according to the report. Here in the Caribbean port town of Barcelona, two premature infants died recently on the way to the main public clinic because the ambulance had no oxygen tanks. The hospital has no fully functioning   or kidney dialysis machines because they broke long ago. And because there are no open beds, some patients lie on the floor in pools of their blood. It is a battlefield clinic in a country where there is no war. “Some come here healthy, and they leave dead,” Dr. Leandro Pérez said, standing in the emergency room of Luis Razetti Hospital, which serves the town. This nation has the largest oil reserves in the world, yet the government saved little money for hard times when oil prices were high. Now that prices have collapsed  —   they are around a third what they were in 2014  —   the consequences are casting a destructive shadow across the country. Lines for food, long a feature of life in Venezuela, now erupt into looting. The bolívar, the country’s currency, is nearly worthless. The crisis is aggravated by a political feud between Venezuela’s leftists, who control the presidency, and their rivals in congress. The president’s opponents declared a humanitarian crisis in January, and this month passed a law that would allow Venezuela to accept international aid to prop up the health care system. “This is criminal that we can sit in a country with this much oil, and people are dying for lack of antibiotics,” says Oneida Guaipe, a lawmaker and former hospital union leader. But Mr. Maduro, who succeeded Hugo Chávez, went on television and rejected the effort, describing the move as a bid to undermine him and privatize the hospital system. “I doubt that anywhere in the world, except in Cuba, there exists a better health system than this one,” Mr. Maduro said. Late last fall, the aging pumps that supplied water to the University of the Andes Hospital exploded. They were not repaired for months. So without water, gloves, soap or antibiotics, a group of surgeons prepared to remove an appendix that was about to burst, even though the operating room was still covered in another patient’s blood. Even in the capital, only two of nine operating rooms are functioning at the J. M. de los Ríos Children’s Hospital. “There are people dying for lack of medicine, children dying of malnutrition and others dying because there are no medical personnel,” said Dr. Yamila Battaglini, a surgeon at the hospital. Yet even among Venezuela’s failing hospitals, Luis Razetti Hospital in Barcelona has become one of the most notorious. In April, the authorities arrested its director, Aquiles Martínez, and removed him from his post. Local news reports said he was accused of stealing equipment meant for the hospital, including machines to treat people with respiratory illnesses, as well as intravenous solutions and 127 boxes of medicine. Around 10 one recent night, Dr. Freddy Díaz walked down a hall there that had become an impromptu ward for patients who had no beds. Some clutched   bandages and called from the floor for help. One, brought in by the police, was handcuffed to a gurney. In a supply room, cockroaches fled as the door swung open. Dr. Díaz logged a patient’s medical data on the back of a bank statement someone had thrown in the trash. “We have run out of paper here,” he said. On the fourth floor, one of his patients, Rosa Parucho, 68, was one of the few who had managed to get a bed, though the rotting mattress had left her back covered in sores. But those were the least of her problems: Ms. Parucho, a diabetic, was unable to receive kidney dialysis because the machines were broken. An infection had spread to her feet, which were black that night. She was going into septic shock. Ms. Parucho needed oxygen, but none was available. Her hands twitched and her eyes rolled into the back of her head. “The bacteria aren’t dying they’re growing,” Dr. Díaz said, noting that three of the antibiotics Ms. Parucho needed had been unavailable for months. He paused. “We will have to remove her feet. ” Three relatives sat reading the Old Testament before an unconscious woman. She had arrived six days before, but because a scanning machine had broken, it was days before anyone discovered the tumor occupying a quarter of her frontal lobe. Samuel Castillo, 21, arrived in the emergency room needing blood. But supplies had run out. A holiday had been declared by the government to save electricity, and the blood bank took donations only on workdays. Mr. Castillo died that night. For the past two and a half months, the hospital has not had a way to print  . So patients must use a smartphone to take a picture of their scans and take them to the proper doctor. “It looks like tuberculosis,” said an emergency room doctor looking at the scan of a lung on a cellphone. “But I can’t tell. The quality is bad. ” Finding medicine is perhaps the hardest challenge. The pharmacy here has bare shelves because of a shortage of imports, which the government can no longer afford. When patients need treatment, the doctors hand relatives a list of medicines, solutions and other items needed to stabilize the patients or to perform surgery. Loved ones are then sent back the way they came to find   sellers who have the goods. The same applies to just about everything else one might need here. “You must bring her diapers now,” a nurse told Alejandro Ruiz, whose mother had been taken to the emergency room. “What else?” he asked, clutching large trash bags he had brought filled with blankets, sheets, pillows and toilet paper. Nicolás Espinosa sat next to his tiny daughter, who has spent two of her five years with cancer. He was running out of money to pay for her intravenous solutions. Inflation had increased the price by 16 times what he paid a year ago. He flipped through a list of medicines he was trying to find here in Barcelona and in a neighboring city. Some of the drugs are meant to protect the body during chemotherapy, yet the girl’s treatments ended when the oncology department ran out of the necessary drugs a month and a half ago. Near him, a handwritten sign read, “We sell antibiotics  —   negotiable. ” A   seller’s number was listed. Biceña Pérez, 36, scanned the halls looking for anyone who would listen to her. “Can someone help my father?” she asked. Her father, José Calvo, 61, had contracted Chagas’ disease, a sickness caused by a parasite. But the medication Mr. Calvo had been prescribed ran out in his part of Venezuela that year, and he began to suffer heart failure. Six hours after Ms. Pérez’s plea, a scream was heard in the emergency room. It was Mr. Calvo’s sister: “My darling, my darling,” she moaned. Mr. Calvo was dead. His daughter paced the hall alone, not knowing what to do. Her hands covered her face, and then clenched into fists. “Why did the director of this hospital steal that equipment?” was all she could say. “Tell me whose fault is this?” The ninth floor of the hospital is the maternity ward, where the seven babies had died the day before. A room at the end of the hall was filled with broken incubators. The glass on one was smashed. Red, yellow and blue wires dangled from another. “Don’t use  —   nonfunctional,” said a sign dated last November. Dr. Amalia Rodríguez stood in the hallway. “I had a patient just now who needed artificial respiration, and I had none available,” Dr. Rodríguez said. “A baby. What can we do?” The day of the power blackout, Dr. Rodríguez said, the hospital staff tried turning on the generator, but it did not work. Doctors tried everything they could to keep the babies breathing, pumping air by hand until the employees were so exhausted they could barely see straight, she said. How many babies died because of the blackout was impossible to say, given all of the other deficiencies at the hospital. “What can we do here?” Dr. Rodríguez said. “Every day I pass an incubator that doesn’t heat up, that is cold, that is broken. ”",0
8323,Al Aqsa Mufti: U.S. Embassy Jerusalem Move An ’Assault’ on Muslims,"Jerusalem’s Grand Mufti (pictured) Muhammad Ahmad Hussein on Friday claimed that   Donald Trump’s reported plans to relocated the US embassy in Israel to Jerusalem represented an “assault” on Muslims worldwide. [Hussein, who preaches at the Al Aqsa Mosque, was appointed to his position by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas.    mosques routinely utilize Friday afternoon prayers to incite against Israel.  “The pledge to move the embassy is not just an assault against Palestinians but against Arabs and Muslims, who will not remain silent,” Hussein said in his sermon. “The transfer of the embassy violates international charters and norms which recognize Jerusalem as an occupied city,” Hussein claimed, without mentioning Trump by name. Hussein seems to be fulfilling a pledge by Palestinian leaders who called earlier this week for Friday prayers to be used to protest reports that Trump may move the embassy to Jerusalem. Earlier todayit was reported that Abbas this month met with American businessmen who allegedly told him Trump was serious about moving the embassy to Jerusalem. The Palestinians claim eastern Jerusalem as their future capital.  Last month, a U. S. abstention allowed the passage of United Nations Security Council Resolution calling the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem “occupied Palestinian territories,” and demanding a halt to Israeli construction in those areas. Some of the holiest sites in Judaism are located in eastern Jerusalem and the West Bank, including the Western Wall and Temple Mount in Jerusalem’s Old City the Cave of the Patriarchs and Matriarchs in Hebron, which was home to the oldest continuous Jewish community in the world until the Jews of Hebron were massacred and expelled the Tomb of Rachel in Bethlehem and Joseph’s Tomb in Nablus  —   biblical Shechem. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.",0
8324,Women Only Hate Female Objectification When They Can No Longer Profit From It,"With her Hollywood and silver screen career options all but dried up, former Charmed actress and constantly near-naked attention-seeker Rose McGowan is now a “leading” feminist. As you would expect, this transition occurred after her looks (which never approached those of co-star Alyssa Milano) had well and truly begun to fade. McGowan is not alone in making this spectacular shift. Pamela Anderson and professional SJW Natasha Devon are among a growing crowd of women who rail against “sexism” and “objectification” after years of trying, often very successfully, to sexualize their youth.
Seeking to cash in on her new-found fame as an unhinged SJW, Rose McGowan launched the “Rose Army,” a kind of personal cult that tries to hide the overt narcissism of its creator by supporting campaigns against “domestic violence” and “female objectification.” Full SJW mode is just a button away for her. For instance, she attacked gays for not being feminist enough and, probably projecting her jealousy over not landing a significant acting role for an eternity, claimed an X-Men movie poster promoted violence against women .
So now comes the task of reconciling the new Rose McGowan with the old one, whose self-objectification is best described by this infamous photo with ex-boyfriend Marilyn Manson:

Excuses, excuses… Rose McGowan has tried to gloss over her past history of self-objectification and sexualization by saying she was merely a pawn of the patriarchy.
McGowan is now even blaming her past personal feuds, such as with a fellow Charmed actress, Shannen Doherty, on patriarchy, sexism and female objectification . Sadly, this very public attention-seeking, in which McGowan wrote Doherty an open letter, comes at the same time that the latter is suffering from cancer . But, you know, a girl’s gotta attention-whore, including when another girl she used to have cat-fights with is about to die.
Rose McGowan has a lot in common with Pamela Anderson. Ex- Playboy cover model Anderson, after an entire career made from taking her clothes off and otherwise selling her body as if she were competing for a championship, has now come out against pornography . She may not be bad for a gal nearing 50, but her best years are a good 20-25 years behind her. I would wager that Pamela Anderson hit 45 and spent the last several years in denial, before she decided to lambaste an industry currently lauding nubile girls in their twenties and not her. Pornography addictions are bad, but Anderson showing these new colors in 2016 is nothing short of a joke.
Anderson’s position can be summed up by the following two pictures:
Time when she did not condemn pornography: 

Time when she condemns pornography: 

Previously, a lot of attention has been paid to fat or unattractive girls being feminists. These activists are nominally against the sexualization of women, but appear to be driven primarily by envy and the need to diminish society’s praise of attractive females. Whilst there is a lot of truth to this, it only tells part of the story. The rank opportunism of feminism is perhaps better explained by women who once made a career from selling their appearances and have subsequently turned on the industries whose financial teats they used to suckle. And what better time to turn on these industries, whether they be the pornography, film, or modeling markets, than when your looks no longer allow you to actively participate in them?
This phenomenon runs parallel to female athletes both utilizing and complaining about their sexualization . Attractive tennis players like Sabine Lisicki (and unattractive ones like Serena Williams) have made careers out of wearing revealing on-court clothing, which is much more for show than practicality. But when the chance presents itself, Lisicki and others have moaned, like at this year’s Wimbledon , about how manufacturers’ designs make them show too much skin. Many of these girls may not have lost their attractiveness yet, but they pick and choose when objectification is bad, just like celebrities whose looks have abandoned them.
It’s not just famous people Natasha Devon.
Many Return Of Kings readers will remember Natasha Devon from her awful performance against Milo Yiannopoulos during a British Sky News debate on fashion mannequins. There seems to have been an eerie timing in Devon’s transition from self-described former model to SJW. She founded a so-called body image education program in 2006, in her mid-twenties. I don’t know about you, but this seems to be the sort of age when non-famous models in particular face the meat grinder due to competition from younger, fresher girls.
As she hurtled towards 30, Natasha Devon penned an article for Cosmopolitan magazine on bulimia, which morphed into a regular monthly column. Then came “The Self-Esteem Team” Devon created in 2012. Frequently with government funding, “The Self-Esteem Team” has essentially applauded obesity, Britain’s number one health crisis, and sought to re-engineer what humans are programmed by evolution to find attractive.
Devon, along with Anderson and McGowan, may chalk an anti-objectification epiphany down to age, experience or something similarly convenient, but the changes happened neither at the height of their self-sexualization careers nor during the pre-wall protracted slide. Always be on the look out for when exactly a woman took up feminist or general SJW activism.
When a woman complains about the “objectification of women,” it usually means a) she never had the goods to begin with, b) her goods weren’t enough to compete with other girls, or c) her goods are well and truly gone. There is a delicious irony to option c), as countless women will milk their looks until nature–or a half-decade of alcohol or drug-fueled benders–takes them away.
Feminism as projection 
It is par for the course in today’s political climate that our enemies describe us as sad momma’s boys who play out failed encounters with women through our beliefs. Of anyone, Roosh has faced this entirely baseless criticism the most, all because our opponents have been unable to actually refute what he and Return Of Kings say.
We need to turn this idea of projection against feminists, even more than we have before. Modern-day feminism is itself the domain of women seeking easy comforts from an ideology that explains away either their own faults or their most primal fears about a harsh, uncertain world. For women whose looks are now washed-up, feminism enables them to label objectification as wrong and soothe the crushing blows that come from no longer getting the attention they were used to.
Rather than seeing these women as twisted and evil, it is better to perceive the behavior for what it is: desperation and the shocking realization that they are sexually irrelevant.
Read More: Female Danish Athletes Diminish Their Own Championship Victory By Taking Nude Photos 

",0
8325,Palin: I’m ’Extremely Thankful’ Trump Has Been Elected - Breitbart,"Thursday on CNN’s “The Lead,” 2008 GOP   nominee and former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin said on the mark of President Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office she was “extremely thankful that he has been elected. ”  Partial transcript as follows: TAPPER: So let me ask you, we’re approaching President Trump’s 100th day. It will be a week from Saturday. What do you think? What kind of grade would you give him? PALIN: I’m obviously extremely thankful that he has been elected because, you know, so many of us in America knew that the status quo had to go. And we could not afford another term of Obama via Hillary Clinton’s presidency if she were to be elected. So very thankful Trump was elected. Thankful that he understands that Americans expect America to be great and to be strong in order for the world to be more peaceful and more safe, more secure. So very thankful Trump is fulfilling a lot of the promises that he made to lead, not from behind but to have America lead from up front, letting the rest of the world know that, you know, we expect peace in this world. We don’t want to have to intervene in other nations. We don’t want to have to intervene and try this regime change throughout other lands, and we can get to that as long as America is safe and secure and is a leader on the globe, and that to me is Trump’s mission, which I appreciate. TAPPER: But they have called for regime change in Syria. PALIN: Well, I think what the objective is though is to not have to intervene and tell any other country who should rule and how they should live and whether they should have a democracy ruling the people or not. And we’re able to, like I say, get there by leading as an example, having our own ports swept, if you will, in America before we’re over there telling other countries they better sweep their porch. We have to get it together here in America, be safe, be secure, be sovereign and solvent so we can be that shining light, an example for other countries. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
8326,"U.S. ‘Probably Had a Role’ in Mosul Deaths, Commander Says - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   The senior United States commander in Iraq said on Tuesday that an American airstrike most likely led to the collapse of a building in Mosul that killed scores of civilians this month. But the commander, Lt. Gen. Stephen J. Townsend, indicated that an investigation would also examine whether the attack might have set off a larger blast from explosives set by militants inside the building or nearby. It was the fullest acceptance of responsibility by an American commander since the March 17 airstrike. “My initial assessment is that we probably had a role in these casualties,” said General Townsend, who commands the   task force that is fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. But he asserted that “the munition that we used should not have collapsed an entire building. ” “That is something we have got to figure out,” he added. With an increase in reports of civilian casualties from the American bombing of Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria, some human rights groups have questioned whether the rules of engagement have been loosened since President Trump took office. Pentagon officials said this week that the rules had not changed. But General Townsend said on Tuesday that he had won approval for “minor adjustments” to rules for the use of combat power, although he insisted they were not a factor in the Mosul attack. General Townsend acknowledged, however, that steps had been taken to speed up the process of providing air power to support Iraqi troops and their American Special Operations advisers at the leading edge of the offensive to recapture Mosul from the Islamic State. The goal, he said, was to “decentralize”  . General Townsend did not describe the changes in detail, but he cast them as a return to the military’s standard offensive doctrine, in contrast to the “very centralized” approach he said was initially put in place after President Barack Obama sent American forces back to Iraq to combat the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. Maj. Gen. Maan   an Iraqi special forces commander, has said that his men called in a coalition airstrike to take out snipers on the roofs of three houses in a Mosul neighborhood called Mosul Jidideh. The Iraqi forces, General Saadi said, were unaware that at least some of the houses were filled with civilians. General Townsend said he did not have information on the Iraqi commander’s specific role, but explained that the United States had been training Iraqi military officers how to call in airstrikes that are carried out by Iraqi aircraft. Any American airstrike requested by the Iraqis, General Townsend said, would need to be approved by American officers. “If he said his guy was calling for fire, he could have been,” he said. “Now how that works is that they don’t call directly to a U. S. fighter overhead and suddenly a U. S. fighter is rolling in on their grid coordinates. ” Iraqi forces have been eager for the help of American air power as they take on the toughest phase of the more than   battle to retake Mosul. American officials have said that 500 Iraqi troops were killed and about 3, 000 wounded in taking the eastern half of the city. General Townsend said the battle for the western half of the city was even more difficult because of what he called its “claustrophobically close terrain” of narrow streets and buildings. He repeated several times that the    fighting was the most intense urban combat since World War II. Adding to the challenge is a factor he did not mention: the decision by Iraq’s governments to urge Mosul’s residents to shelter in place instead of trying to flee. When American troops retook Falluja in 2004, the fierce urban fighting took place in a city that had already been abandoned by most civilians. Though the Iraqis are doing the main fighting on the ground in Mosul, American and coalition forces have been playing an essential role. United States Army Paladin howitzers have been firing rounds into Mosul from their positions outside the city. Task Force Thor, which is based at Qayyarah West Airfield 40 miles south of Mosul, has been firing Himars   rockets into the city. American Apache attack helicopters have added to the firepower. This year, the United States increased the number of soldiers who have been advising Iraqi troops as they have pushed into the city. While the mission of the advisers is not to directly engage in combat, many are in harm’s way as they advise Iraqi units carrying out the fight. On Monday, American military officials said that two infantry companies from the 82nd Airborne Division were being sent to help protect those United States advisers and that a “route clearance” platoon was also being deployed to clear away roadside bombs. Together, the deployment adds about 240 troops to the mission. The troop cap that the Obama administration established for the operation in Iraq  —   what the Pentagon calls the “force manning level” —   is 5, 260. But that formal limit, which the Trump administration is likely to eliminate, does not count temporary deployments. The actual number of troops in Iraq is certainly higher. With more American forces in Iraq, and more United States advisers near the front lines, the need for timely airstrikes is much greater. Brig. Gen. Matthew C. Isler, an Air Force officer who serves as deputy to General Townsend, is in charge of the investigation into the Mosul airstrike. A team of American experts has visited the site to collect evidence to determine what caused the significant loss of civilian life. American officials said they were investigating a number of possibilities, including whether the militants herded the civilians into the building to use as human shields whether the building was rigged with explosives or whether a nearby car bomb exploded. “My initial impression is the enemy had a hand in this, and there’s also a fair chance that our strike had some role in it,” General Townsend said in a briefing broadcast to the Pentagon from Iraq. “I think it’s probably going to play out to be some sort of combination. But you know what, I can’t really say for sure, and we’ve just got to let the investigation play out. ” General Townsend said the results of the investigation would be reported publicly, “unlike our enemy. ” While General Townsend acknowledged an American role in the Mosul strike, he said the allegations that the United States had bombed a school full of refugees in Syria were not credible. That airstrike, which has garnered considerable attention, occurred during an operation in which   Syrian fighters were trying to seal off the western approaches to Raqqa, the Islamic State’s   capital. But General Townsend said that the evidence he had seen indicated that it was about 30 Islamic State fighters who were killed in that attack. “I think that was a clean strike,” he said. He also dismissed reports, publicized by the Islamic State, that an American airstrike had endangered the Tabqa Dam west of Raqqa, saying that the structure was not in imminent danger. “If something happens to the Tabqa Dam, it will be at the hands of ISIS, not the coalition,” he said. Still, the reports of desperate civilians in Mosul prompted Zeid Ra’ad   the United Nations high commissioner for human rights, to urge on Tuesday that the   coalition reconsider its tactics. The United Nations has said that at least 61 people were killed in the March 17 strike in Mosul. Amnesty International said as many as 150 might have died. “The fact that Iraqi authorities repeatedly advised civilians to remain at home, instead of fleeing the area, indicates that coalition forces should have known that these strikes were likely to result in a significant number of civilian casualties,” Donatella Rovera of Amnesty International said in a statement.",0
8327,The Airbnb Community Commitment,"Airbnb, October 29, 2016 
Hi, 
Earlier this year, we launched a comprehensive effort to fight bias and discrimination in the Airbnb community. As a result of this effort, we’re asking everyone to agree to a Community Commitment beginning November 1, 2016. Agreeing to this commitment will affect your use of Airbnb, so we wanted to give you a heads up about it. 
What is the Community Commitment? 
You commit to treat everyone–regardless of race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or age–with respect, and without judgment or bias. 
How do I accept the commitment? 
On or after November 1, we’ll show you the commitment when you log in to or open the Airbnb website, mobile or tablet app and we’ll automatically ask you to accept. 
What if I decline the commitment? 
If you decline the commitment, you won’t be able to host or book using Airbnb, and you have the option to cancel your account. Once your account is canceled, future booked trips will be canceled. You will still be able to browse Airbnb but you won’t be able to book any reservations or host any guests. 
What if I have feedback about the commitment? 
We welcome your feedback about the Community Commitment and all of our nondiscrimination efforts. Feel free to read more about the commitment. You can also reach out to us at [email protected] 
The Airbnb Team",0
8328,CNN: One voter can make a difference by voting repeatedly,"Channel list 
Following hurricane Matthew's failure to devastate Florida, activists flock to the Sunshine State and destroy Trump signs manually 
Tim Kaine takes credit for interrupting hurricane Matthew while debating weather in Florida 
Study: Many non-voters still undecided on how they're not going to vote 
The Evolution of Dissent: on November 8th the nation is to decide whether dissent will stop being racist and become sexist - or it will once again be patriotic as it was for 8 years under George W. Bush 
Venezuela solves starvation problem by making it mandatory to buy food 
Breaking: the Clinton Foundation set to investigate the FBI 
Obama ​​captures rare Pokémon ​​while visiting Hiroshima 
Movie news: 'The Big Friendly Giant Government' flops at box office; audiences say ""It's creepy"" 
Barack Obama: ""If I had a son, he'd look like Micah Johnson"" 
White House edits Orlando 911 transcript to say shooter pledged allegiance to NRA and Republican Party 
President George Washington: 'Redcoats do not represent British Empire; King George promotes a distorted version of British colonialism' 
Following Obama's 'Okie-Doke' speech , stock of Okie-Doke soars; NASDAQ: 'Obama best Okie-Doke salesman' 
Weaponized baby formula threatens Planned Parenthood office; ACLU demands federal investigation of Gerber 
Experts: melting Antarctic glacier could cause sale levels to rise up to 80% off select items by this weekend 
Travel advisory: airlines now offering flights to front of TSA line 
As Obama instructs his administration to get ready for presidential transition, Trump preemptively purchases 'T' keys for White House keyboards 
John Kasich self-identifies as GOP primary winner, demands access to White House bathroom 
Upcoming Trump/Kelly interview on FoxNews sponsored by 'Let's Make a Deal' and 'The Price is Right' 
News from 2017: once the evacuation of Lena Dunham and 90% of other Hollywood celebrities to Canada is confirmed, Trump resigns from presidency: ""My work here is done"" 
Non-presidential candidate Paul Ryan pledges not to run for president in new non-presidential non-ad campaign 
Trump suggests creating 'Muslim database'; Obama symbolically protests by shredding White House guest logs beginning 2009 
National Enquirer: John Kasich's real dad was the milkman, not mailman 
National Enquirer: Bound delegates from Colorado, Wyoming found in Ted Cruz’s basement 
Iran breaks its pinky-swear promise not to support terrorism; US State Department vows rock-paper-scissors strategic response 
Women across the country cheer as racist Democrat president on $20 bill is replaced by black pro-gun Republican 
Federal Reserve solves budget crisis by writing itself a 20-trillion-dollar check 
Widows, orphans claim responsibility for Brussels airport bombing 
Che Guevara's son hopes Cuba's communism will rub off on US, proposes a long list of people the government should execute first 
Susan Sarandon: ""I don't vote with my vagina."" Voters in line behind her still suspicious, use hand sanitizer 
Campaign memo typo causes Hillary to court 'New Black Panties' vote 
New Hampshire votes for socialist Sanders, changes state motto to ""Live FOR Free or Die"" 
Martin O'Malley drops out of race after Iowa Caucus; nation shocked with revelation he has been running for president 
Statisticians: one out of three Bernie Sanders supporters is just as dumb as the other two 
Hillary campaign denies accusations of smoking-gun evidence in her emails, claims they contain only smoking-circumstantial-gun evidence 
Obama stops short of firing US Congress upon realizing the difficulty of assembling another group of such tractable yes-men 
In effort to contol wild passions for violent jihad, White House urges gun owners to keep their firearms covered in gun burkas 
TV horror live: A Charlie Brown Christmas gets shot up on air by Mohammed cartoons 
Democrats vow to burn the country down over Ted Cruz statement, 'The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats' 
Russia's trend to sign bombs dropped on ISIS with ""This is for Paris"" found response in Obama administration's trend to sign American bombs with ""Return to sender"" 
University researchers of cultural appropriation quit upon discovery that their research is appropriation from a culture that created universities 
Archeologists discover remains of what Barack Obama has described as unprecedented, un-American, and not-who-we-are immigration screening process in Ellis Island 
Mizzou protests lead to declaring entire state a ""safe space,"" changing Missouri motto to ""The don't show me state"" 
Green energy fact: if we put all green energy subsidies together in one-dollar bills and burn them, we could generate more electricity than has been produced by subsidized green energy 
State officials improve chances of healthcare payouts by replacing ObamaCare with state lottery 
NASA's new mission to search for racism, sexism, and economic inequality in deep space suffers from race, gender, and class power struggles over multibillion-dollar budget 
College progress enforcement squads issue schematic humor charts so students know if a joke may be spontaneously laughed at or if regulations require other action 
ISIS opens suicide hotline for US teens depressed by climate change and other progressive doomsday scenarios 
Virginia county to close schools after teacher asks students to write 'death to America' in Arabic 
'Wear hijab to school day' ends with spontaneous female circumcision and stoning of a classmate during lunch break 
ISIS releases new, even more barbaric video in an effort to regain mantle from Planned Parenthood 
Impressed by Fox News stellar rating during GOP debates, CNN to use same formula on Democrat candidates asking tough, pointed questions about Republicans 
Shocking new book explores pros and cons of socialism, discovers they are same people 
Pope outraged by Planned Parenthood's ""unfettered capitalism,"" demands equal redistribution of baby parts to each according to his need 
John Kerry accepts Iran's ""Golden Taquiyya"" award, requests jalapenos on the side 
Citizens of Pluto protest US government's surveillance of their planetoid and its moons with New Horizons space drone 
John Kerry proposes 3-day waiting period for all terrorist nations trying to acquire nuclear weapons 
Chicago Police trying to identify flag that caused nine murders and 53 injuries in the city this past weekend 
Cuba opens to affordable medical tourism for Americans who can't afford Obamacare deductibles 
State-funded research proves existence of Quantum Aggression Particles (Heterons) in Large Hadron Collider 
Student job opportunities: make big bucks this summer as Hillary’s Ordinary-American; all expenses paid, travel, free acting lessons 
Experts debate whether Iranian negotiators broke John Kerry's leg or he did it himself to get out of negotiations 
Junior Varsity takes Ramadi, advances to quarterfinals 
US media to GOP pool of candidates: 'Knowing what we know now, would you have had anything to do with the founding of the United States?' 
NY Mayor to hold peace talks with rats, apologize for previous Mayor's cowboy diplomacy 
China launches cube-shaped space object with a message to aliens: ""The inhabitants of Earth will steal your intellectual property, copy it, manufacture it in sweatshops with slave labor, and sell it back to you at ridiculously low prices"" 
Progressive scientists: Truth is a variable deduced by subtracting 'what is' from 'what ought to be' 
Experts agree: Hillary Clinton best candidate to lessen percentage of Americans in top 1% 
America's attempts at peace talks with the White House continue to be met with lies, stalling tactics, and bad faith 
Starbucks new policy to talk race with customers prompts new hashtag #DontHoldUpTheLine 
Hillary: DELETE is the new RESET 
Charlie Hebdo receives Islamophobe 2015 award ; the cartoonists could not be reached for comment due to their inexplicable, illogical deaths 
Russia sends 'reset' button back to Hillary: 'You need it now more than we do' 
Barack Obama finds out from CNN that Hillary Clinton spent four years being his Secretary of State 
President Obama honors Leonard Nimoy by taking selfie in front of Starship Enterprise 
Police: If Obama had a convenience store, it would look like Obama Express Food Market 
Study finds stunning lack of racial, gender, and economic diversity among middle-class white males 
NASA: We're 80% sure about being 20% sure about being 17% sure about being 38% sure about 2014 being the hottest year on record 
People holding '$15 an Hour Now' posters sue Democratic party demanding raise to $15 an hour for rendered professional protesting services 
Cuba-US normalization: US tourists flock to see Cuba before it looks like the US and Cubans flock to see the US before it looks like Cuba 
White House describes attacks on Sony Pictures as 'spontaneous hacking in response to offensive video mocking Juche and its prophet' 
CIA responds to Democrat calls for transparency by releasing the director's cut of The Making Of Obama's Birth Certificate 
Obama: 'If I had a city, it would look like Ferguson' 
Biden: 'If I had a Ferguson (hic), it would look like a city' 
Obama signs executive order renaming 'looters' to 'undocumented shoppers' 
Ethicists agree: two wrongs do make a right so long as Bush did it first 
The aftermath of the 'War on Women 2014' finds a new 'Lost Generation' of disillusioned Democrat politicians, unable to cope with life out of office 
White House: Republican takeover of the Senate is a clear mandate from the American people for President Obama to rule by executive orders 
Nurse Kaci Hickox angrily tells reporters that she won't change her clocks for daylight savings time 
Democratic Party leaders in panic after recent poll shows most Democratic voters think 'midterm' is when to end pregnancy 
Desperate Democratic candidates plead with Obama to stop backing them and instead support their GOP opponents 
Ebola Czar issues five-year plan with mandatory quotas of Ebola infections per each state based on voting preferences 
Study: crony capitalism is to the free market what the Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity 
Fun facts about world languages: the Left has more words for statism than the Eskimos have for snow 
African countries to ban all flights from the United States because ""Obama is incompetent, it scares us"" 
Nobel Peace Prize controversy: Hillary not nominated despite having done even less than Obama to deserve it 
Obama: 'Ebola is the JV of viruses' 
BREAKING: Secret Service foils Secret Service plot to protect Obama 
Revised 1st Amendment: buy one speech, get the second free 
Sharpton calls on white NFL players to beat their women in the interests of racial fairness 
President Obama appoints his weekly approval poll as new national security adviser 
Obama wags pen and phone at Putin; Europe offers support with powerful pens and phones from NATO members 
White House pledges to embarrass ISIS back to the Stone Age with a barrage of fearsome Twitter messages and fatally ironic Instagram photos 
Obama to fight ISIS with new federal Terrorist Regulatory Agency 
Obama vows ISIS will never raise their flag over the eighteenth hole 
Harry Reid: ""Sometimes I say the wong thing"" 
Elian Gonzalez wishes he had come to the U.S. on a bus from Central America like all the other kids 
Obama visits US-Mexican border, calls for a two-state solution 
Obama draws ""blue line"" in Iraq after Putin took away his red crayon 
""Hard Choices,"" a porno flick loosely based on Hillary Clinton's memoir and starring Hillary Hellfire as a drinking, whoring Secretary of State, wildly outsells the flabby, sagging original 
Accusations of siding with the enemy leave Sgt. Bergdahl with only two options: pursue a doctorate at Berkley or become a Senator from Massachusetts 
Jay Carney stuck in line behind Eric Shinseki to leave the White House; estimated wait time from 15 min to 6 weeks 
100% of scientists agree that if man-made global warming were real, ""the last people we'd want to help us is the Obama administration"" 
Jay Carney says he found out that Obama found out that he found out that Obama found out that he found out about the latest Obama administration scandal on the news 
""Anarchy Now!"" meeting turns into riot over points of order, bylaws, and whether or not 'kicking the #^@&*! ass' of the person trying to speak is or is not violence 
Obama retaliates against Putin by prohibiting unionized federal employees from dating hot Russian girls online during work hours 
Russian separatists in Ukraine riot over an offensive YouTube video showing the toppling of Lenin statues 
""Free Speech Zones"" confuse Obamaphone owners who roam streets in search of additional air minutes 
Obamacare bolsters employment for professionals with skills to convert meth back into sudafed 
Gloves finally off: Obama uses pen and phone to cancel Putin's Netflix account 
Joe Biden to Russia: ""We will bury you by turning more of Eastern Europe over to your control!"" 
In last-ditch effort to help Ukraine, Obama deploys Rev. Sharpton and Rev. Jackson's Rainbow Coalition to Crimea 
Al Sharpton: ""Not even Putin can withstand our signature chanting, 'racist, sexist, anti-gay, Russian army go away'!"" 
Mardi Gras in North Korea: "" Throw me some food! "" 
Obama's foreign policy works: ""War, invasion, and conquest are signs of weakness; we've got Putin right where we want him"" 
US offers military solution to Ukraine crisis: ""We will only fight countries that have LGBT military"" 
Putin annexes Brighton Beach to protect ethnic Russians in Brooklyn, Obama appeals to UN and EU for help 
The 1980s: ""Mr. Obama, we're just calling to ask if you want our foreign policy back . The 1970s are right here with us, and they're wondering, too."" 
In a stunning act of defiance, Obama courageously unfriends Putin on Facebook 
MSNBC: Obama secures alliance with Austro-Hungarian Empire against Russia’s aggression in Ukraine 
Study: springbreak is to STDs what April 15th is to accountants 
Efforts to achieve moisture justice for California thwarted by unfair redistribution of snow in America 
North Korean voters unanimous: ""We are the 100%"" 
Leader of authoritarian gulag-site, The People's Cube, unanimously 're-elected' with 100% voter turnout 
Super Bowl: Obama blames Fox News for Broncos' loss 
Feminist author slams gay marriage: ""a man needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle"" 
Beverly Hills campaign heats up between Henry Waxman and Marianne Williamson over the widening income gap between millionaires and billionaires in their district 
Biden to lower $10,000-a-plate Dinner For The Homeless to $5,000 so more homeless can attend 
Kim becomes world leader, feeds uncle to dogs; Obama eats dogs, becomes world leader, America cries uncle 
North Korean leader executes own uncle for talking about Obamacare at family Christmas party 
White House hires part-time schizophrenic Mandela sign interpreter to help sell Obamacare 
Kim Jong Un executes own "" crazy uncle "" to keep him from ruining another family Christmas 
OFA admits its advice for area activists to give Obamacare Talk at shooting ranges was a bad idea 
President resolves Obamacare debacle with executive order declaring all Americans equally healthy 
Obama to Iran: ""If you like your nuclear program, you can keep your nuclear program"" 
Bovine community outraged by flatulence coming from Washington DC 
Obama: ""I'm not particularly ideological; I believe in a good pragmatic five-year plan"" 
Shocker: Obama had no knowledge he'd been reelected until he read about it in the local newspaper last week 
Server problems at HealthCare.gov so bad, it now flashes 'Error 808' message 
NSA marks National Best Friend Day with official announcement: ""Government is your best friend; we know you like no one else, we're always there, we're always willing to listen"" 
Al Qaeda cancels attack on USA citing launch of Obamacare as devastating enough 
The President's latest talking point on Obamacare: ""I didn't build that"" 
Dizzy with success, Obama renames his wildly popular healthcare mandate to HillaryCare 
Carney: huge ObamaCare deductibles won't look as bad come hyperinflation 
Washington Redskins drop 'Washington' from their name as offensive to most Americans 
Poll: 83% of Americans favor cowboy diplomacy over rodeo clown diplomacy 
GOVERNMENT WARNING: If you were able to complete ObamaCare form online, it wasn't a legitimate gov't website; you should report online fraud and change all your passwords 
Obama administration gets serious, threatens Syria with ObamaCare 
Obama authorizes the use of Vice President Joe Biden's double-barrel shotgun to fire a couple of blasts at Syria 
Sharpton: ""British royals should have named baby 'Trayvon.' By choosing 'George' they sided with white Hispanic racist Zimmerman"" 
DNC launches 'Carlos Danger' action figure; proceeds to fund a charity helping survivors of the Republican War on Women 
Nancy Pelosi extends abortion rights to the birds and the bees 
Hubble discovers planetary drift to the left 
Obama: 'If I had a daughter-in-law, she would look like Rachael Jeantel' 
FISA court rubberstamps statement denying its portrayal as government's rubber stamp 
Every time ObamaCare gets delayed, a Julia somewhere dies 
GOP to Schumer: 'Force full implementation of ObamaCare before 2014 or Dems will never win another election' 
Obama: 'If I had a son... no, wait, my daughter can now marry a woman!' 
Janet Napolitano: TSA findings reveal that since none of the hijackers were babies, elderly, or Tea Partiers, 9/11 was not an act of terrorism 
News Flash: Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-LA) can see Canada from South Dakota 
Susan Rice: IRS actions against tea parties caused by anti-tax YouTube video that was insulting to their faith 
Drudge Report reduces font to fit all White House scandals onto one page 
Obama: the IRS is a constitutional right, just like the Second Amendment 
White House: top Obama officials using secret email accounts a result of bad IT advice to avoid spam mail from Nigeria 
Jay Carney to critics: 'Pinocchio never said anything inconsistent' 
Obama: If I had a gay son, he'd look like Jason Collins 
Gosnell's office in Benghazi raided by the IRS: mainstream media's worst cover-up challenge to date 
IRS targeting pro-gay-marriage LGBT groups leads to gayest tax revolt in U.S. history 
After Arlington Cemetery rejects offer to bury Boston bomber, Westboro Babtist Church steps up with premium front lawn plot 
Boston: Obama Administration to reclassify marathon bombing as 'sportsplace violence' 
Study: Success has many fathers but failure becomes a government program 
US Media: Can Pope Francis possibly clear up Vatican bureaucracy and banking without blaming the previous administration? 
Michelle Obama praises weekend rampage by Chicago teens as good way to burn calories and stay healthy 
This Passover, Obama urges his subjects to paint lamb's blood above doors in order to avoid the Sequester 
White House to American children: Sequester causes layoffs among hens that lay Easter eggs; union-wage Easter Bunnies to be replaced by Mexican Chupacabras 
Time Mag names Hugo Chavez world's sexiest corpse 
Boy, 8, pretends banana is gun, makes daring escape from school 
Study: Free lunches overpriced, lack nutrition 
Oscars 2013: Michelle Obama announces long-awaited merger of Hollywood and the State 
Joe Salazar defends the right of women to be raped in gun-free environment: 'rapists and rapees should work together to prevent gun violence for the common good' 
Dept. of Health and Human Services eliminates rape by reclassifying assailants as 'undocumented sex partners' 
Kremlin puts out warning not to photoshop Putin riding meteor unless bare-chested 
Deeming football too violent, Obama moves to introduce Super Drone Sundays instead 
Japan offers to extend nuclear umbrella to cover U.S. should America suffer devastating attack on its own defense spending 
Feminists organize one billion women to protest male oppression with one billion lap dances 
Urban community protests Mayor Bloomberg's ban on extra-large pop singers owning assault weapons 
Concerned with mounting death toll, Taliban offers to send peacekeeping advisers to Chicago 
Karl Rove puts an end to Tea Party with new 'Republicans For Democrats' strategy aimed at losing elections 
Answering public skepticism, President Obama authorizes unlimited drone attacks on all skeet targets throughout the country 
Skeet Ulrich denies claims he had been shot by President but considers changing his name to 'Traps' 
White House releases new exciting photos of Obama standing, sitting, looking thoughtful, and even breathing in and out 
New York Times hacked by Chinese government, Paul Krugman's economic policies stolen 
White House: when President shoots skeet, he donates the meat to food banks that feed the middle class 
To prove he is serious, Obama eliminates armed guard protection for President, Vice-President, and their families; establishes Gun-Free Zones around them instead 
State Dept to send 100,000 American college students to China as security for US debt obligations 
Jay Carney: Al Qaeda is on the run, they're just running forward 
President issues executive orders banning cliffs, ceilings, obstructions, statistics, and other notions that prevent us from moving forwards and upward 
Fearing the worst, Obama Administration outlaws the fan to prevent it from being hit by certain objects 
World ends; S&P soars 
Riddle of universe solved; answer not understood 
Meek inherit Earth, can't afford estate taxes 
Greece abandons Euro; accountants find Greece has no Euros anyway 
Wheel finally reinvented; axles to be gradually reinvented in 3rd quarter of 2013 
Bigfoot found in Ohio, mysteriously not voting for Obama 
As Santa's workshop files for bankruptcy, Fed offers bailout in exchange for control of 'naughty and nice' list 
Freak flying pig accident causes bacon to fly off shelves 
Obama: green economy likely to transform America into a leading third world country of the new millennium 
Report: President Obama to visit the United States in the near future 
Obama promises to create thousands more economically neutral jobs 
Modernizing Islam: New York imam proposes to canonize Saul Alinsky as religion's latter day prophet 
Imam Rauf's peaceful solution: 'Move Ground Zero a few blocks away from the mosque and no one gets hurt' 
Study: Obama's threat to burn tax money in Washington 'recruitment bonanza' for Tea Parties 
Study: no Social Security reform will be needed if gov't raises retirement age to at least 814 years 
Obama attends church service, worships self 
Obama proposes national 'Win The Future' lottery; proceeds of new WTF Powerball to finance more gov't spending 
Historical revisionists: ""Hey, you never know"" 
Vice President Biden: criticizing Egypt is un-pharaoh 
Israelis to Egyptian rioters: ""don't damage the pyramids, we will not rebuild"" 
Lake Superior renamed Lake Inferior in spirit of tolerance and inclusiveness 
Al Gore: It's a shame that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as a pack of polar bears 
Michael Moore: As long as there is anyone with money to shake down, this country is not broke 
Obama's teleprompters unionize, demand collective bargaining rights 
Obama calls new taxes 'spending reductions in tax code.' Elsewhere rapists tout 'consent reductions in sexual intercourse' 
Obama's teleprompter unhappy with White House Twitter:""Too few words"" 
Obama's Regulation Reduction committee finds US Constitution to be expensive outdated framework inefficiently regulating federal gov't 
Taking a page from the Reagan years, Obama announces new era of Perestroika and Glasnost 
Responding to Oslo shootings, Obama declares Christianity ""Religion of Peace,"" praises ""moderate Christians,"" promises to send one into space 
Republicans block Obama's $420 billion program to give American families free charms that ward off economic bad luck 
White House to impose Chimney tax on Santa Claus 
Obama decrees the economy is not soaring as much as previously decreeed 
Conservative think tank introduces children to capitalism with pop-up picture book ""The Road to Smurfdom"" 
Al Gore proposes to combat Global Warming by extracting silver linings from clouds in Earth's atmosphere 
Obama refutes charges of him being unresponsive to people's suffering: ""When you pray to God, do you always hear a response?"" 
Obama regrets the US government didn't provide his mother with free contraceptives when she was in college 
Fluke to Congress: drill, baby, drill! 
Planned Parenthood introduces Frequent Flucker reward card: 'Come again soon!' 
Obama to tornado victims: 'We inherited this weather from the previous administration' 
Obama congratulates Putin on Chicago-style election outcome 
People's Cube gives itself Hero of Socialist Labor medal in recognition of continued expert advice provided to the Obama Administration helping to shape its foreign and domestic policies 
Hamas: Israeli air defense unfair to 99% of our missiles, ""only 1% allowed to reach Israel"" 
Democrat strategist: without government supervision, women would have never evolved into humans 
Voters Without Borders oppose Texas new voter ID law 
Enraged by accusation that they are doing Obama's bidding, media leaders demand instructions from White House on how to respond 
Obama blames previous Olympics for failure to win at this Olympics 
Official: China plans to land on Moon or at least on cheap knockoff thereof 
Koran-Contra: Obama secretly arms Syrian rebels 
Poll: Progressive slogan 'We should be more like Europe' most popular with members of American Nazi Party 
Obama to Evangelicals: Jesus saves, I just spend 
May Day: Anarchists plan, schedule, synchronize, and execute a coordinated campaign against all of the above 
Midwestern farmers hooked on new erotic novel ""50 Shades of Hay"" 
Study: 99% of Liberals give the rest a bad name 
Obama meets with Jewish leaders, proposes deeper circumcisions for the rich 
Historians: Before HOPE & CHANGE there was HEMP & CHOOM at ten bucks a bag 
Cancer once again fails to cure Venezuela of its ""President for Life"" 
Tragic spelling error causes Muslim protesters to burn local boob-tube factory 
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu: due to energy conservation, the light at the end of the tunnel will be switched off 
Obama Administration running food stamps across the border with Mexico in an operation code-named ""Fat And Furious"" 
Pakistan explodes in protest over new Adobe Acrobat update; 17 local acrobats killed 
White House: ""Let them eat statistics"" 
Special Ops: if Benedict Arnold had a son, he would look like Barack Obama",0
8329,Elon Musk’s Boring Machine Brings Excitement to Los Angeles - Breitbart,"Inventor Elon Musk is into driverless cars and space missions to Mars, but now he’s excited about his boring machine. [Make that the Boring Machine, monikered Godot, a reference to a mysterious character that never appears in a Samuel Beckett play called “Waiting for Godot. ”  Musk, the founder of Tesla and SpaceX, announced last week that his new venture is ready for its first project. The Boring Company will be creating a network of underground tunnels connecting Los Angeles International Airport and L. A.’s westside neighborhoods: First tunnel for The Boring Company begins   …     Full length of first tunnel will run from LAX to  …     https:  .   —   Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 12, 2017,  “First tunnel for The Boring Company begins   …     Full length of first tunnel will run from LAX to Culver City, Santa Monica, Westwood and Sherman Oaks. Future tunnels will cover all of greater LA,” Musk wrote in his Instagram account. After completion, cars may be loaded onto a   “electric sled,” which would allow a vehicle to be transported from “Westwood to LAX in 5 minutes,” according to Musk. To those unfamiliar with Los Angeles, the most congested city in the U. S. (according to Forbes) a typical drive between LAX and Westwood takes about 30 minutes. It’s not unusual to take an hour or more to traverse those 10 miles on the 405 Freeway during heavy traffic hours. Musk posted a video of a test run on the sled inside the nearly   experimental Hyperloop   tunnel he had built outside SpaceX headquarters in Hawthorne, just south of LAX: [Warning, this may cause motion sickness or seizures]This is a test run of our electric sled  …     https:  .   —   Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 12, 2017,  There is no word yet on when the project will officially start or be completed. But for Angelenos perpetually stuck in traffic, this could be the best news until flying cars come along. (Then again, if you have to wait a long time in line to get on the sled  …     but we’re way ahead of ourselves now.) Follow Samuel Chi on Twitter @ThePlayoffGuru.",0
8330,Trump’s Treasury Pick Moves in Secretive Hedge Fund Circles - The New York Times,"As a hedge fund manager, Goldman Sachs trader and bank chief executive, Steven T. Mnuchin has long been a member of the financial elite. Yet even on Wall Street he was not widely known before Donald J. Trump chose him to be his campaign   last spring. Now, Mr. Mnuchin is on a path to become the first hedge fund manager to head the Treasury. As befitting that   world of finance, Mr. Mnuchin’s record shows a willingness to take on risks and a penchant for secrecy that members of both parties expect will be a focus of his Senate confirmation hearing. A case in point is a Delaware company that he owns, Steven T. Mnuchin Inc. whose existence has not been reported outside of official records. Mr. Mnuchin set up the company months before Goldman went public in May 1999. It had a Goldman mailing address and at least one Goldman director. It stayed that way years after he left the Wall Street bank in 2002 to start his hedge fund career. Its purpose is a mystery. The only clue is in a description on corporate filings in Delaware calling the entity an “investment in partnerships. ” Barney Keller, a representative for Mr. Mnuchin, said the company “held small legacy Goldman Sachs investments” and “hasn’t made any new investments since 2002. ” Over the course of his career, Mr. Mnuchin, 53, has kept a low profile and has rarely granted interviews. His one previous spell in the limelight was when he ran OneWest Bank. He and other   investors cobbled together the California bank out of the wreckage of IndyMac, a lender that the federal government seized in 2008 as the financial crisis grabbed hold of the nation. His tenure at OneWest spurred controversy because tens of thousands of borrowers  —   many of them older people  —   were foreclosed on. When a group of protesters gathered outside his Los Angeles house in October 2011 to voice their anger at OneWest’s foreclosure practices, police officers were called to disperse the crowd. He responded later by periodically scrubbing the internet of any reference to his home address to protect the privacy of his three young children, according to a filing Mr. Mnuchin made in a 2014 divorce proceeding. He is more comfortable in his own element  —   wealthy hedge fund managers like himself. Days after being tapped by Mr. Trump to be his finance chairman in May, Mr. Mnuchin flew out to a hedge fund conference at the Bellagio hotel in Las Vegas. There, in a swirl of rock concerts, pool parties and casino nights, he schmoozed with billionaires. Mr. Mnuchin dined with Kenneth C. Griffin, the Chicago hedge fund titan, and government veterans like David H. Petraeus, the former C. I. A. director and retired general, and John A. Boehner, the former House speaker. He shook hands with Leon Cooperman, a    pioneer in the industry and another Goldman Sachs alumnus. The courting paid off: Not long after the hedge fund conference, Mr. Mnuchin helped bring the billionaire investor John A. Paulson on as a donor, as well as Wilbur L. Ross Jr. now Mr. Trump’s  commerce secretary nominee. It is these ties, however, that are expected to be fertile ground of investigation for senators who must confirm his selection as Treasury secretary. “I think he would be controversial  —   former Treasury secretaries have been top bankers and businessmen or lawyers and they were   top leaders in their professions,” said Prof. Richard Sylla at the Stern School of Business of New York University, whose research focuses on financial history and economics. “But Mnuchin wasn’t that famous as a Goldman Sachs guy, and probably not even as a hedge fund guy, so why is he there? Well, he took the job of raising money for Trump. ” Mr. Mnuchin shares a network with some of the biggest names in the $3 trillion hedge fund industry, but his work with Mr. Paulson is of particular interest. An adviser to Mr. Trump, Mr. Paulson, who is best known for making a $15 billion wager that the housing market would collapse, has managed some money for the  . The day after Mr. Trump formally selected him, Mr. Mnuchin said that the government should get out of the business of running Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the two giant mortgage finance firms that the federal government bailed out in 2008. The shares of the two companies soared in response to his words  —   some of the sharpest   gains for the stocks since the government conservatorship began. The seemingly    declaration was cheered by hedge fund managers and others who have bet big on the privatization of Fannie and Freddie. One of Mr. Paulson’s bigger bets is that the federal government will return Fannie and Freddie to private investors largely unfettered. And Mr. Mnuchin’s remark may have benefited someone else: Mr. Trump has invested $3 million to $15 million with Mr. Paulson’s hedge fund, according to the financial disclosure statement filed during his run for president. To date, the Trump transition team has not commented on whether Mr. Trump continues to own stakes in Mr. Paulson’s firm and other hedge funds listed on the disclosure statement. “We’re not sharing any additional information at this time,” said Jason Miller, a Trump representative. The   has said that he will announce a plan for separating himself from his many business interests before his inauguration on Jan. 20. Similarly, Mr. Mnuchin will have to file financial disclosures with the Senate Finance Committee before his confirmation hearing. On Monday, he began the process by filing three years of tax returns. Mr. Mnuchin’s time at his hedge fund, Dune Capital Management, which he formed with two former Goldman colleagues in 2004, is one area that the Senate Finance Committee is expected to examine more closely. At its peak, the firm had roughly $2 billion and was backed by the billionaire investor George Soros. It had a taste for real estate, movie financing deals and exotic investments including life insurance policies, which Dune bought through a third party at discounted prices from   older Americans. Dune had plans to package the insurance policies  —   called life settlements  —   into bonds that could be sold to investors. Life settlements represent one of the most macabre actuarial bets that Wall Street has dreamed up. It’s a wager that the elderly person selling the policy will die sooner rather than later, meaning the hedge fund does not have to make many premium payments to keep the insurance policy in force and collect the payout upon that person’s death. But the market for life settlements largely collapsed during the financial crisis. Eventually, Dune, like many hedge funds during the worst of the crisis, faced investor withdrawals. Mr. Mnuchin and one of his   partners, Chip Seelig, decided to wind down the operation. The real estate arm of Dune was spun off into a firm led by Dune’s third   Daniel M. Neidich. After the split, Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Seelig set up shop in Southern California. Both became big players in movie financing, lending money to hits like “Avatar” and “Gravity” along with flops like “In the Heart of the Sea. ” But it was the deal for a failed California bank, IndyMac, that contributed mightily to Mr. Mnuchin’s personal fortune and the one deal that has created the most political heat. On Friday, Senate Democrats, in a sign that they intend to go hard after Mr. Mnuchin, set up a website that calls him the “foreclosure king,” and asked customers of OneWest to submit complaints in advance of the confirmation hearing. In late 2008, Mr. Mnuchin joined with Mr. Paulson to put together the OneWest deal. They were part of the initial round of bidding for the assets of IndyMac, which the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation had seized that summer. The group, which also included Mr. Soros and other investors, won the deal with a $1. 55 billion bid. One of the competing bids was put together by J. Tomilson Hill, head of the Blackstone Group’s hedge fund and asset management group, and Goldman. “As a deal person, I had nothing but admiration for how entrepreneurial he was and how quickly he adapted to the circumstances,” Mr. Hill said in a recent interview. He was one of the first to call Mr. Mnuchin to congratulate him on his new job as campaign finance chairman. The remnants of IndyMac reopened under the name OneWest with Mr. Mnuchin as chairman and chief executive. But controversy followed, including complaints over foreclosures on soured mortgages that IndyMac had written before the crisis. In particular, it drew scrutiny for its business in reverse mortgages  —   products pitched to older people who had paid off their initial mortgages but needed cash. The Department of Housing and Urban Development is investigating complaints about the foreclosure practices of OneWest’s reverse mortgage business, which resulted in 16, 000 foreclosures alone. CIT Group, which merged with OneWest last year in a $3. 4 billion deal that provided a hefty payout for Mr. Mnuchin and his   has said it is trying to resolve the HUD inquiry. It is also dealing with a $230 million charge the company said in July it had to take in connection with accounting issues from the reverse mortgage business. An analysis in 2015 presented by the California Reinvestment Coalition, which lobbied against the merger, found that 68 percent of the 36, 000 foreclosures in California by OneWest, including those on reverse mortgages, occurred in communities that were primarily nonwhite. A government filing shows OneWest offered to modify about 101, 000 mortgages for its customers. Mr. Mnuchin stepped down from the helm of OneWest in March, not long before he became among the first in finance to come out for Mr. Trump and against Hillary Clinton. Mr. Keller said Mr. Mnuchin was “proud of his record at OneWest. ” Still, the worlds of finance and politics can be small ones, and Mr. Mnuchin even has a connection to Mrs. Clinton. The   accountant at Goldman who prepared a tax filing for Steven T. Mnuchin Inc. many years ago has among her clients, at her current accounting firm, the former Democratic presidential candidate.",0
8331,"Facebook, a News Giant That Would Rather Show Us Baby Pictures - The New York Times","When allegations surfaced last month that Facebook routinely suppressed conservative points of view in its Trending Topics news section, the company worked aggressively to convince the public that it wasn’t intentionally tilting to the left of the political spectrum. Mark Zuckerberg, the company’s   and chief executive, invited conservative luminaries to Facebook’s Silicon Valley headquarters, and over some fancy snacks, they seemed to make peace. The issue blew over. Yet it also seemed to raise deeper questions about Facebook’s power to influence how we understand what’s going on in the world. Measured by web traffic, ad revenue and influence over the way the rest of the media makes money, Facebook has grown into the most powerful force in the news industry. But the social network has never quite labeled itself as something analogous to a news organization, and it has been both uncomfortable with and unprepared to answer questions about whether it strives to adhere to journalistic ethics. Should we be thinking of Facebook as a news site? Is that how Facebook thinks of itself? No, not primarily, Facebook now says. In a document  posted on Wednesday, the company explained, for the first time, the “values” that govern its news feed, the scrolling list of posts that Facebook presents to its 1. 65 billion users every time they log on. Though it is couched in the anodyne language of a corporate news release, the document’s message should come as a shock to everyone in the media business. According to these values, Facebook has a single overriding purpose, and it isn’t news. Facebook is mainly for telling you what’s up with your friends and family. Adam Mosseri, the Facebook manager in charge of the news feed, said in a recent interview that informing and entertaining users was also part of the company’s mission. But he made clear that news and entertainment were secondary pursuits. “We think more, spend more time and work on more projects that try to help people express themselves with their friends or learn about their friends or have conversations with their friends,” he said. As if to underscore the point, the company is making a tweak to its news feed ranking system to increase the prominence of content from your friends and family over posts by news companies and other organizations. It is also warning news companies that their traffic might decline as a result of the change. These moves highlight a truth that tends to get lost in commentary about the social network’s influence over the news: At Facebook, informing users about the world will always take a back seat to cute pictures of babies (not that there’s anything wrong with that). Because Facebook does not think of itself primarily as a news company, it seems to want us to stop expecting it to act like one. Whether we should, though, is a more complicated matter. The company has long been hounded by journalists and activists over its power to shape the news through its algorithms, or the code that determines which stories you see, in the news feed. The question of how to think about Facebook’s role in the news  —   and whether we should demand the same standards of accuracy, objectivity, transparency and fairness that we expect from traditional outlets  —   may be the primary puzzle of our new media age. According to Facebook, the values outlined in the document have been the informal governing philosophy of its news feed since it was started a decade ago, and Mr. Zuckerberg and Chris Cox, Facebook’s chief product officer, were deeply involved in drafting the new document. Mr. Mosseri says Facebook uses a variety of tools to make sure that the feed is delivering what users want. One of the main ones, he said, is user surveys, which give Facebook a rich trove of data. These surveys, and the fact that about 200 people are involved in building the news feed, act as a bulwark against any one person’s bias infecting it, Mr. Mosseri said. People’s preferences, and how Facebook adjusts to them, also mean that the feature will constantly change. “We view our work as only 1 percent finished,” the post says. But in another way, Facebook’s values only further complicate our picture of the network. If Facebook does not think of its main mission as news, what should we make of all its recent overtures to news companies? Last year it started Instant Articles, a feature that allows news companies, including The New York Times, to host their stories on Facebook. More recently, it signed contracts with lots of news companies to produce   videos. The Times is among the companies that are receiving payments from Facebook to create live videos. Also, how should we react to the fact that for millions of Americans, Facebook has become the most important source of news about the world? The Pew Research Center found that for adults in their 20s and 30s, Facebook is far and away the most popular source of news about government and politics. And how should news companies think about ever deeper partnerships with Facebook, in some instances relying on the company as a primary part of their business models, if Facebook is disclaiming news as its main mission  —   and is also promising to keep changing the news feed as it sees fit? “This is a funny kind of transparency,” said Robyn Caplan, an analyst at the research group Data  Society. “Even though they appear to have been making a bet that news is where they want their business to go, they’re now indicating that their first priority is to maintain that environment that they’ve been known for, which is information from friends and family. ” Ms. Caplan pointed out that even when Facebook’s values do superficially align with those of the news business, at a deeper level the two sides seem to see things in very different ways. For instance, Facebook’s document takes no stand on what kind of content it considers “informative. ” Instead, informative content is in the eye of the user. “Something that one person finds informative or interesting may be different from what another person finds informative or interesting  —   this could be a post about a current event, a story about your favorite celebrity, a piece of local news or a recipe,” the document says. Facebook also steps back from any responsibility for choosing certain ideas over others. Its news feed, it says, is instead about giving you more of what you want: “Our aim is to deliver the types of stories we’ve gotten feedback that an individual person most wants to see. ” That kind of relativism is likely to strike an odd chord among   in the media, many of whom have worried about the possibility that algorithmic news selection could reinforce people’s   beliefs. In a newsroom, news isn’t just what people want to see, and ideas worth promoting aren’t just those that people click on. News is supposed to exist outside those desires it’s supposed to be an objective good. So while it’s good that Facebook is telling us how it thinks about the news, it’s hard not to see a turbulent future as the views of Facebook and the news industry collide. Facebook isn’t primarily a news site, and it doesn’t see itself as a news site, except that for many users, it functions as the world’s biggest news site  —   and its sway, partnerships and money are now consuming the news industry.  .",0
8332,65 PRESSTITUTES WHO COLLUDED WITH THE CLINTONS TO DEFRAUD AMERICA AND STEAL THE ELECTION... CALL FOR THEIR ARREST,"EMAIL US: CONTACT@GOVTSLAVES.INFO Home › MEDIA › 65 PRESSTITUTES WHO COLLUDED WITH THE CLINTONS TO DEFRAUD AMERICA AND STEAL THE ELECTION… CALL FOR THEIR ARREST 65 PRESSTITUTES WHO COLLUDED WITH THE CLINTONS TO DEFRAUD AMERICA AND STEAL THE ELECTION… CALL FOR THEIR ARREST 0 SHARES 
[10/28/16] MIKE ADAMS -To even call this 2016 president election an “election” is a cruel joke. Democracy is supposed to be about open, fair and free elections, and those elections must be predicated on open, fair and free access to information so that voters can make an informed decision. Yet all we have today is a media that’s in the tank for Hillary, a justice system infiltrated by deep state corruption, a voting system rife with leftist fraud, a culture of extremist, violent intimidation of those who oppose Clinton and an Obama regime steeped in such criminality and fraud that it actively encourages illegal aliens to run across the border to America so they can vote. 
This isn’t an election… it’s a coordinated leftist coup d’etat . 
The aim of the coup is to occupy all the positions of power in America with radical leftists, communists and criminal democrat party loyalists. From those positions of power, the strategy is to systematically dismantle the American Constitution, Bill of Rights and Supreme Court while crushing the American middle class with punitive economic policies that keep the masses trapped in poverty (Obamacare, anyone?). 
It’s now abundantly obvious to nearly every thinking person that democracy has been ripped to shreds in America , and the deep state criminal regime in power exists solely to protect and enrich itself at the expense of everyone else. 
GONE is the idea of representing the interests of the People. 
GONE is any desire for government to operate with transparency and accountability. 
GONE is any trust in voters by the powerful elite, who distrust the voters so much that they make sure every election is rigged in advance. 
GONE is any economic policy rooted in sanity or mathematics. Now, numbers and dollars from Washington are all rooted in mental illness and delusion. 
GONE is any semblance of the concept that justice is blind and that all laws apply to all the people just the same, no matter how powerful they may be. 
GONE is any public trust in ANY institution of government, from Congress, to the federal courts, to the regulators like the EPA, to even the FBI. 
GONE is any notion that the government should defend the nation’s borders and control the flow of immigrants into the country for all the obvious reasons. 
And GONE is any concept of journalistic integrity across the mainstream media, an institution that now holds actual journalism in contempt (i.e. the work of Wikileaks or Project Veritas). Now, the media insists that no one question the government, no transparency is necessary, and government operatives have no obligation to explain any of their actions or cover-ups. Richard Nixon is rolling in his grave… The illusion of democracy 
Thanks to the complete abandonment of democracy and honest government in America, We the People now wake up each day as slaves living in a totalitarian dictatorship pretending to be a democracy , complete with a pretend press, a pretend judicial system, a pretend legislative branch and even a pretend central bank pumping out pretend currency. 
We turn on our televisions to watch pretend journalists named “Stephanopoulos” churn out pretend news that pretends Bill and Hillary Clinton are honest, affectionate, trustworthy elders instead of the phony frauds and crooks they’ve really turned out to be. And then we’re blasted with pretend polls that claim the most unpopular woman in America — Hillary Clinton — is somehow ahead of Donald Trump by 12 points. Nobody believes the polls anymore… 
Every time REAL news breaks through the surface, the establishment tells us that’s all fake. Wikileaks emails, we’re ridiculously told, aren’t real (even though they are). Project Veritas videos have been “edited,” we’re told, as if that somehow negates the very clear words caught on video as they are uttered by Clinton operatives committing serious crimes. The only news that’s “real,” we’re told, is the fabricated fake news planted in the New York Times by the Clinton campaign. A call to arrest and imprison the presstitutes that are defrauding America and destroying democracy 
In truth, the leftist media is staffed by presstitutes — media whores who have sold out to the Clintons in exchange for “access” to her bogus news releases (i.e. planted false narratives). As reported by The Free Thought Project , all the following “journalists” are seditious whores who should no doubt be arrested, indicted and prosecuted for engaging in criminal collusion and racketeering with the Clintons: 
“Progressive Helpers”",0
8333,Shocking Development: FBI Re-Opens Probe Into Hillary Clinton Emails: “Perhaps Finally Justice Will Be Done”,"Editor’s Note: We can only hope that the following is finally the real deal. As noted by Zero Hedge in the report below, the FBI is re-opening the probe into the Hillary Clinton email scandal. With less than two weeks to go before election day, however, we’re not convinced anything will come of it because once Hillary has been selected to the highest office of the land, it is quite likely that any and all investigations into all matters Clinton will cease instantly. So, unless charges are filed in the next week or so, chances are this “probe” will end just like the last one. 

Via Zero Hedge :
Donald Trump has opined:
*TRUMP SAYS HE NOW HAS `GREAT RESPECT’ FOR FBI, DOJ *TRUMP ON FBI NEWS: `PERHAPS FINALLY JUSTICE WILL BE DONE’ *TRUMP: FBI WILL RIGHT THE SHIP *TRUMP SAYS FBI NEWS SHOWS SYSTEM MAY NOT BE `RIGGED’ * * *
As we detailed earlier, in a stunning development moments ago Jason Chaffetz tweeted that the FBI’s probe into Hillary Clinton emails has been reopened: saying that “ The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation .”
FBI Dir just informed me, “The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.” Case reopened
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 

After being briefed by his investigative team, Comey “agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to asses their importance to our investigation.” Comey said he could not predict how long it would take the bureau to assess whether the new emails are “significant.”
Moments later, NBC News reported that the agency was reopening the investigation and shared a letter from FBI director James Comey informing key lawmakers of the investigation.. .
“In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation,” Comey wrote. “I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information,” Comey wrote
The full letter to members of Congress, in which FBI director James Comey said the agency had “learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation” in connection with an unrelated case, is shown below.
BIG: The FBI is reopening its investigation into @HillaryClinton ‘s email server. Here’s the letter from the FBI to Congress: pic.twitter.com/OKjipTeiJp 
— Frank Thorp V (@frankthorp) October 28, 2016 
",0
8334,Greek Man Believes Drinking Wine Cured His Cancer,"Posted on October 28, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in Health // 0 Comments A man diagnosed with cancer 50 years ago and told by doctors that he had not got long to live, drank wine to forget his sorrows and found that it saved his life and cured his cancer. 
98-year old Stamatis Moraitis who had refused chemotherapy and expensive medical procedures for his lung cancer decades ago lived long enough to share his story. 
He even outlived his doctors before dying at the ripe old age of 100 from natural causes in 2013. 
Underground Reporter : 
There are now many studies proving chemotherapy can make cancer more malignant (deadly). 
Some attest that chemotherapy and radiotherapy are both intrinsically carcinogenic treatments — so if a 98-year old man can live through a cancer diagnosis, without resorting to these treatments, what can we learn from him? 
The answer is surprisingly simple. 
Stamatis Moraitis was diagnosed with lung cancer in his 60s, and wanted his doctors to tell him how long he had to live. He was surprised by the diagnosis, but even more by the prognosis — that he was to live only six to nine months, according to medical ‘experts.’ 
Moraitis hails from the Greek island of Ikaria, known as a place where people ‘forget to die,’ as they have such high longevity rates. He opted to forgo chemotherapy and other medications, not because this was the Greek way, necessarily, but because he considered funeral costs to be too exorbitant in the U.S. where he had moved in 1943 to seek treatment for a combat injury. Upon learning he had little time, he opted to return to his native Ikaria. 
Moraitis simply continued to work, and drank two to three glasses of wine every day, waiting for his certain death. At about age 50, he started to question the doctor’s prognosis, and at 98 years of age he says, “ I’m no doctor, but I think the wine helped. I’ve done nothing else except eat pure food, [drink] pure wine, [take] pure herbs. ” 
His actions to cure his cancer are decidedly simple, but that’s what makes them so surprising. Americans have been taught to believe they need to spend thousands of dollars on chemotherapy drugs, and practically go into bankruptcy while also killing their healthy cells with chemo and radiation, instead of simply changing their lifestyle habits. 
Moraitis is living proof that eating right, working in fresh air , and giving the body the proper nutrients — that scavenge free radicals and create an environment in which cancer cannot thrive — might be all it truly takes to live well and prosper. 
Moraitis may not be a doctor, he quipped, but there are over 2,200 peer-reviewed scientific studies suggesting that his lifestyle was very conducive to his recovery. 
Instead of spending more than $120,000 on pharmaceutical ‘cures’ which don’t necessarily work, he likely spent a few bucks every week on wine, fruit, and vegetables. He also happened to avoid the cost of an American funeral . 
So, in essence, he spent less to live, than to die at the hands of modern, Western medicine. 
“ I found my friends in the village where I was born, and we started drinking. I thought, at least I’ll die happy, ” he said when first given his death-sentence.",0
8335,New Reports Link Russia With Donald Trump’s Campaign,"New Reports Link Russia With Donald Trump’s Campaign Posted on Nov 1, 2016 Donald Trump at a rally in Nevada. ( Gage Skidmore / CC 2.0 ) 
A trove of new allegations has surfaced suggesting a relationship between Russia and the Donald Trump campaign. 
In this unprecedented election season, the Republican presidential nominee has been accused repeatedly of fostering a friendly relationship with forces within the Russian government, and an adviser to his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, recently suggested that Russia has participated in illicit cyberattacks to further Trump’s campaign. 
On Monday, Slate added fuel to the controversy by publishing an investigative piece in which journalist Franklin Foer alleged that a Trump computer server was communicating with an elite Russian bank. Foer wrote: 
The computer scientists posited a logical hypothesis, which they set out to rigorously test: If the Russians were worming their way into the DNC, they might very well be attacking other entities central to the presidential campaign, including Donald Trump’s many servers. … 
The researchers quickly dismissed their initial fear that the logs represented a malware attack. The communication wasn’t the work of bots. The irregular pattern of server lookups actually resembled the pattern of human conversation—conversations that began during office hours in New York and continued during office hours in Moscow. It dawned on the researchers that this wasn’t an attack, but a sustained relationship between a server registered to the Trump Organization and two servers registered to an entity called Alfa Bank. … 
Tea Leaves [a pseudonym for one of the researchers] and his colleagues plotted the data from the logs on a timeline. What it illustrated was suggestive: The conversation between the Trump and Alfa servers appeared to follow the contours of political happenings in the United States. 
Another article, written by David Corn at Mother Jones on the same day, alleged that a former intelligence officer provided the FBI with information on a Russian scheme to help Trump win the presidency. 
“There’s no way to tell whether the FBI has confirmed or debunked any of the allegations contained in the former spy’s memos,” Corn wrote. “But a Russian intelligence attempt to co-opt or cultivate a presidential candidate would mark an even more serious operation than the hacking.” 
Is there any way to substantiate these claims? Vox’s Zack Beauchamp argued that while the “stories are overblown,” Russian interference in the current U.S. election is a serious problem. Beauchamp explained: 
The problem with these stories isn’t just that they’re speculative. It’s that they obscure and even discredit the more sober evidence about Trump’s troubling attitude toward the Russian state. 
There is basically conclusive evidence that Russia is interfering in the US election, and that this interference has been designed to damage Hillary Clinton’s campaign. There is strong evidence linking Trump’s foreign policy advisers to Russia, and Trump’s stated policy ideas are extremely favorable to Russian interests. 
Beauchamp listed various “confluence[s] of interest” between the Kremlin and Trump, pointing to WikiLeaks’ release of Democratic campaign emails, Trump’s pro-Russia pronouncements and economic ties to Russian interests. 
And NBC reported Tuesday that the FBI has launched a “preliminary investigation” into former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort’s possible “foreign ties” with Russia and Ukraine. The FBI has not commented and Manafort told NBC that “none of it is true.” 
Vox’s Matthew Yglesias also cautioned against getting too excited about the new influx of allegations, writing that “Trump’s policy views on matters related to Russia are a lot clearer than any of these cloak-and-dagger allegations.” 
Eric Lichtblau and Steven Lee Myers of The New York Times asserted, in an article published Monday, that the FBI has not “found any conclusive or direct link between Mr. Trump and the Russian government.” 
“Intelligence officials have said in interviews over the last six weeks that apparent connections between some of Mr. Trump’s aides and Moscow originally compelled them to open a broad investigation ... ,” Lichtblau and Lee Meyers wrote. “[N]o evidence has emerged that would link him or anyone else in his business or political circle directly to Russia’s election operations.” 
The renewed focus on the Trump campaign’s relationship with Russia comes as Clinton is again making headlines for her potential misuse of a private email server. On Friday, FBI Director James Comey revealed that another round of emails related to the Clinton campaign is under review. 
While the FBI investigation has not been formally reopened, many Clinton supporters are outraged at Comey’s timing, suggesting that his announcement so close to the election violated the Hatch Act . 
With only a week until Election Day, it is unlikely that the accusations on either side will be proven or refuted before voters head to the polls.",0
8336,Dakota Access Pipeline: Environmental Destruction in Service to US Greed and Goal of Containing Russia,"Juice News Thu, 27 Oct 2016 14:46 UTC The Dakota Access pipeline is a fracked oil pipeline that is part of the Bakken pipeline that will run through North Dakota South Dakota, Idaho and Illinois. In the process, oil will travel beneath the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers and across Indian Reservation land. Bulldozers working on the pipeline have already destroyed the graves of the ancestors and relatives the Standing Rock Sioux and other Lakota tribes. Irreplaceable, unique, historic Indian sacred sites have also been destroyed. The pipeline is part of a concerted effort by the US government to gain ""energy independence"" and be in a position to supply oil and gas to Europe as an alternative to Russian gas. It is a literal pipe dream in both respects given that the US cannot wean itself off its massive addiction to and greed for oil and energy and the fact that Europe will be dependent on Russia oil and gas for decades to come. The pipeline not only threatens the environment in the USA including the drinking water supply from the Missouri and Mississippi rivers, but also the American people given that fracking has been implicated in earthquakes .",0
8337,BLM To Lease Ohio’s Only National Forest To Fracking Interests,By Whitney Webb The Bureau of Land Management plans to hold an online auction next month which will grant fossil fuel companies the right to frack Ohio’s only national forest. The Bureau of... ,0
8338,Shilajit: The Ancient Yogic Superfood That Rebuilds Your Body,"posted by Eddie Treasures may be found everywhere for those who have eyes to see—a perfect example of this being Shilajit, one of the most prized medicines throughout Asia for the last few thousand years. In its “wild habitat” you could be forgiven for simply thinking that it was a tar-like substance. oozing from the cracks in between rocks high up in the Himalayan Mountains. And the locals did for many thousands of years; however, in ancient times one had to look for clues from nature to better understand their natural habitat—particularly what was safe and what was poison. Upon seeing packs of native chimps snacking on the Shilajit tar and further observing that those who did seemed to be the strongest, most intelligent and long-lived of the bunch, the indigenous people began ingesting the night-black mineral pitch themselves. When they too began experiencing the benefits:—a rapid restoration of their health and enhanced cognitive and physical abilities—they knew they had stumbled on a great discovery. Oral tradition has it that this is how Shilajit was originally discovered. Maybe so, maybe not, but either way decades of intense scientific analysis and study have revealed that Shilajit is one of the most nutrient-dense substances on the planet. And what’s more, is that the nutrients it contains, such as naturally occurring humic and fulvic acids—two of nature’s most potent detoxifiers of heavy metals and other pollutants that disrupt the natural function of the body, and are quite rare to boot. Known euphemistically as the “destroyer of weakness,” much can be learned about the incredible properties and benefits of Shilajit by understanding the process of how it is created. Over the course of millions of years, the lush primeval vegetation that once blanketed Asia was decomposed by the forces of nature, eventually becoming highly compacted under the weight of the mountains, which later formed as continental plates collided. Over 6,500 different species of ancient plants spent many millennia in a sort of geological alchemy that created a thick, black, resin-like substance trapped deep within the Himalyan, Caucasus, and other famous mountain ranges in the region. The relentless monsoons and ever-increasing pressure eventually caused this “tar” to begin seeping from cracks in rocks in the sides of the mountains. “Intense scientific analysis and study have revealed that Shilajit is one of the most nutrient-dense substances on the planet.” Laboratory analysis of Shilajit reveals a complete spectrum of every essential mineral on the planet in ionic form—the most easily absorbable and assimilated by the human body. Scientists also found amino acids, fulvic and humic acids, ellagic acid, fatty acids and plant sterols, which tend to have a harmonizing effect on the hormonal/endocrine system, among many others. purified ladakhi shilajit resin from a tenth-generational family of herbal alchemists, considered by many to be some of the world’s best shilajit. it can be cut with a knife and is similar in texture to a hard candy, although more pliable. photo: lerina winter Although shamans and medicine men of the time could not possibly have understood its complex and unusual composition, they could easily discern the beneficial effects Shilajit was having on the people they treated, which was a massive restoration of health and wellbeing. The Benefits of Shilajit Shilajit acts on many different systems in the body, earning it a place among the prized natural medicines known as adaptogens, meaning it helps to restore balance to one’s system, whether that is through reducing excess (stress and cortisol, for example) or nourishing deficiencies (promoting sound sleep and giving endurance, strength and stamina) within the body’s various systems. One of the primary ways it does this is through its action on the endocrine system. As the master controllers of the body’s thousands of delicately tuned processes, hormones—or the lack thereof—have a very large influence on your health. They control mood, libido, sleep-wake cycles, hair growth, cognition, energy, consciousness and much more. Therefore it should come as no surprise that Shilajit has long been valued for its ability to restore sexual function, promote cognitive abilities, reduce anxiety and stress, improve mood and generally extend one’s lifespan. Quite impressive, to be sure. However, Shilajit’s beneficial medicinal properties are not solely limited to the endocrine system. It has also been shown to reduce pain and inflammation, making it one of the most sought after remedies for those suffering from arthritis. It also has a healing effect on the digestive tract, with the notable ability to repair ulcerated intestines and keep harmful bacteria in check. And, of course, it is also a great remineralizer and detoxifier, removing heavy metals and replacing them with those the body needs for health and wellbeing. It has also been used to treat allergies, malnutrition, anemia, and broken bones. It’s kind of like water: life is just better when you consume it regularly. Selecting Quality Shilajit Shilajit can be found seeping wildly in many mountain ranges across Asia, although each culture tends to have its own name for the substance. In Western and Central Asia it is typically referred to as Moomiyo, but in the areas in and around the Himalayas, it is referred to as Shilajit. While this may seem semantical, it is an important distinction due to the fact that, depending on the source, Shilajit/Moomiyo will have different compositions. Generally speaking, the best quality Shilajit is believed to originate from the Himalaya area. shilajit is harvested in remote regions of the himalayan mountains. However, because Shilajit is somewhat rare and difficult to collect, as well as the fact that the world’s supply originates in developing countries, the quality varies widely in the products currently available through various health food stores and websites worldwide. The most sought after and rare form is the night-black mineral resin, with only a handful of companies selling it worldwide. It is a sticky, wet-looking “tar” that is an intensely concentrated and purified form of Shilajit. It can be pricey, although a little goes a long way, making even a small amount last for months, even at higher dosages. That being said, there are many excellent, more affordable Shilajit products that come in a powdered form—though they will generally be slightly less concentrated and potent than the pure resin. The primary benefits of the powder are the ease of use, price, and the ability to measure precise amounts, if needed, as the resin itself is quite sticky. When using a powder discernment is needed, as not all brands are equal. (In the section that follows we recommend some high quality, potent and high integrity Shilajit powders that are not adulterated). The vast majority of products available worldwide are actually diluted Shilajit powders. Pure Shilajit resin is composed of approximately 2% to 10% naturally occurring humic and fulvic acids with the remaining portion composed of minerals and other medicinal substances. However, adulterated products are typically 10% to 30% actual Shilajit powder and about 70% to 90% extracted humic and fulvic acids, which can be produced cheaply in a lab and added afterwards. While not dangerous, the adulterated Shilajit powders do not posses the same powerful medicinal properties. Authentic, quality Shilajit always has a distinct, strong piercing tar-like odor that is unmistakable. If the product you have does not have a noticeably intense smell or seems ‘faint’, then it is likely old or diluted Shilajit. Shilajit is not grown like most herbs and foods, so there are no organic or conventional distinctions. If authentic and unadulterated, Shilajit is wildcrafted, which is truly what lends it such incredible healing properties. source:",0
8339,Re: Hacked email shows Donna Brazile leaked debate question to Hillary Clinton #crooked #cheaters,"Lowlifes — and they act so self-righteous, scorning and smearing those of us who are fighting in defense of freedom and pursuit of truth. Crooks, liars, cheaters and worse. 
If America elects these criminals, she deserves what’s to come. 
Hacked email suggests Donna Brazile leaked question to Hillary Clinton campaign ahead of CNN primary debate, ” Business Insider, October 31, 2016: 
Donna Brazile, the interim chair of the Democratic National Committee, appeared to tip off Hillary Clinton’s campaign about a question in advance of a CNN Democratic primary debate in March, hacked emails published by WikiLeaks on Monday suggested. 
“One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash,” Brazile emailed John Podesta, Clinton’s campaign chairman, and Jennifer Palmieri, Clinton’s communications director. 
Brazile added: “Her family has lead poison and she will ask what, if anything, will Hillary do as president to help the ppl of Flint.” That exact question was not asked the next night at the debate in Flint, Michigan. But Mikki Wade, a public-housing program manager who subsequently said in an interview that her son had developed a rash from the contaminated water, asked Clinton about the situation with the water in Flint.”If elected president, what course will you take to regain my trust in government?” Wade asked. Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares",0
8340,Democrats Playing Class Card To Split the White Vote, ,0
8341,Off-Duty Black Cop Profiled And Beaten By White Officer,"Videos Off-Duty Black Cop Profiled And Beaten By White Officer I went to the ground I kept saying, ‘I’m the police, I’m the police.’ There were two other officers there. I felt their presence and they placed me in handcuffs, and then somebody hit me in the right side of my face.” Be Sociable, Share! Washington D.C. police officer Robert Parker. 
An off duty D.C. police officer says he was brutalized by a Prince George’s County police officer who profiled him as a suspect after a shooting at Iverson Mall on Tuesday. 
A few minutes after a man was shot and wounded at the mall, Prince George’s County police descended on the Temple Hills neighborhood looking for a suspect who was only described as a black male wearing a hoodie and blue jeans, according to Paul Wagner of Fox 5 . 
Robert Parker, an off-duty D.C. police officer who was also dressed in a hoodie and blue jeans, was walking away from the mall down Iverson Street. That’s when he says a black Prince George’s County officer pulled up alongside him in a police cruiser. 
Obeying what he was told by the officer didn’t do Parker any good. Even though he obeyed, he was still thrown to the floor and punched in the head. “And I can’t remember if I said okay or was just kind of baffled at the moment, and he walked up to me and he started patting me down and I’m just thinking, is this really happening? Because I know the protocol because I’m a police officer,” Parker said. “He reaches around and feels my sidearm, my firearm and I look at him and I see the look in his eye and I say, ‘I’m the police.’ I’m literally slammed. I went to the ground I kept saying, ‘I’m the police, I’m the police.’ There were two other officers there. I felt their presence and they placed me in handcuffs, and then somebody hit me in the right side of my face.” 
Parker says he wasn’t resisting and felt the take down and punch were totally unwarranted. He says he hates to pull the race card, but believes had he been white, the take down and what he views as excessive force would not have happened. 
Parker injured his wrist when he was assaulted and went for treatment at the police and fire clinic as well as a hospital emergency room. 
Prince George’s County police are defending their officer that assaulted an innocent man. They say he’s a 20-year veteran with a lot of experience, and is a supervisor in that section of the county. They also issued a lengthy statement which reads: “Based on our preliminary investigation and preliminary review of an audio recording of the encounter in question, we believe our officer acted professionally and with restraint. This encounter took place within several minutes of the shooting being reported at the mall and approximately three blocks from the scene. Our officer who was responding to the shooting, which had just prompted the lock-down of two nearby schools – spotted a man walking who matched the description. Our officer, a sergeant assigned to our district 4 station, got out of his cruiser and began an investigatory stop. During a pat down, our officer discovered the man had a gun on his waistband. At that point, our officer took the man to the ground during a brief struggle. Our preliminary investigation reveals that it was only after the man was restrained by the original officer and backup officers did he identify himself as a police officer.” 
Even off duty officers are not immune to police brutality. Parker had a right to carry a concealed firearm and Maryland allows concealed carry of firearms, so even if he did not identify himself as an officer, there is still no reason to believe he was breaking any laws and still no reason to treat him the way they did. Will these officers be held accountable for assaulting an innocent man? 
Watch the video below…",0
8342,"lolwut: Russia Kicked-Off UN Human Rights Council, Saudi Arabia Re-Elected","RT : 
For the first time since its inception in 2006, Russia has lost an election to the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC) after being narrowly beaten by Croatia in a vote. Saudi Arabia was successfully re-elected, despite criticism from human rights organizations. 
The 47 places on the council are distributed on a regional basis, with staggered ballots seeing a third of the body re-elected each year. Russia had finished its three-year term and was running against Hungary and Croatia for the two available seats from Eastern Europe. 
With Hungary far ahead, Croatia received the votes of 114 of the 193 member countries, and Russia was selected on 112 ballots. 
“We’ve been in the UNHRC for several years, and I am sure next time we will stand and get back in,” said Russia’s UN envoy Vitaly Churkin. Russia is eligible to run next year, against a new set of countries. 
Saudi Arabia sailed through the Asian ballot with 152 votes, and will represent the region on the UNHRC alongside China, Japan and Iraq for the next three years. 
South Africa, Rwanda, Egypt and Tunisia were chosen from the African group, Cuba and Brazil from Latin America and the Caribbean, and the US and the UK will represent the Western bloc, which comprises Western Europe and North America. 
Russia is a normal Western country. 
Saudi Arabia tortures and stones people to death for minor crimes. 
Saudi Arabia has floggings for bloggings. 
They are allowed to marry little girls and have sex with them when they’re nine. 
They have public beheadings with swords. 
They have a special machine to mutilate the hands of people caught reading the Bible. 
They have a special machine for hanging homosexuals. 
Okay, that one I basically agree with, but I don’t agree with brutally torturing them first, which they also do. 
To have a “human rights council” and include Saudi Arabia is like some kind of sick joke. 
And okay, I get that Russia wasn’t running directly against Saudi Arabia. But the whole thing is totally politicized in the first place. This is all manipulated based on favorite-picking. 
And Saudi Arabia was running against a whole bunch of other countries which don’t do what they do – they are included in Asia . 
There are a whole bunch of other countries which don’t do what Saudi Arabia does that could have been included on this list. In fact, no other country in the world does what Saudi Arabia does, including other Moslem countries, besides the Emeritae (also on the council) and Qatar. 
This could have been to Lebanon, Iran, Syria, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan – or any yellow Asian country. 
The UN is a friggin joke.",0
8343,Joel Pollak on What He Saw at the Trump Revolution: ‘How Trump Won’,"Breitbart News Senior    Joel Pollak was a Breitbart News Daily guest on Tuesday to talk about his new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution. [Pollak told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow he chose the title for the book after the election was settled because he originally thought Donald Trump’s presidential campaign “was going to be a spectacular defeat  —   not necessarily a big defeat, but definitely one worth writing about. ”  “I think the frame of mind that I was in was concern about what was going to happen to conservatism after Trump lost,” he revealed,“that there was so much infighting, that there had been a kind of civil war in the GOP, that all the knives were out  —   for you and me in particular, but for other people, as well, once this election was over. And so I started working on this, I pitched it to various people who I knew had an interest in publishing something, and started writing it with a view to trying to frame the debate after the election. ” “I knew Trump could win. I was one of the few people on that traveling press corps plane who thought he could still win. But I didn’t think it was likely, and so I wanted to make sure that the whole conservative movement didn’t collapse into infighting, and I wanted to try to frame what his defeat would mean so that going forward, there would be something productive and positive to do,” he said. “Larry Schweikart, my   was quite the opposite. He had predicted in August 2015 that Trump would not only win the nomination, but would win the election,” Pollak recalled. “So there’s a healthy tension there in the book. ” “Larry had data that few other people had, and he talks about that data in the book,” he said. “He had people, for example, in various counties that were crucial to the outcome of the election tracking voter registration numbers. He knew that a large number of people in Ohio, for example, had switched their voter registration from Democratic to Republican, and he knew that coming out of certain parts of Ohio, coming out of Cleveland, for example, Democrats needed to have a certain advantage to balance out the Republican advantage in the rest of the state. And he began to see, very early on, they weren’t going to have that advantage, if people simply voted on partisan lines. ”  “So he got the signal that if Trump managed to dominate the primary, which he did and was doing, he was going to win the election. There were enough people who were disgusted with the Democratic Party, there were enough Democrats willing to make the switch, that if a candidate came along who pitched a message to them, that was going to happen. So he talks about that in the book,” Pollak said. “I had the sense Trump was going to win the nomination only in about December 2015, when I went to my first Trump campaign event and saw with my own eyes this wasn’t a vanity candidacy this wasn’t a kind of joke,” he recalled. “This was a very real campaign and a real connection with the voters, who clearly felt tied in to what he was saying and doing. ”  “That same visit also told me that the mainstream media had no idea what was going on because I went to a perfectly exciting, warm, fun Trump rally with about 3, 000 people in Nevada, and the next day, I saw it reported as a kind of Nazi   rally by NBC. And that clued me in as to what was going on. I’d never been to an event where the description the day after was more different than the reality on the night of. That just was a cold bucket of water to the face, that this was going to be a campaign unlike any other, and Trump was going to have to go around the media to win,” he said. Pollak testified there were some “really interesting people” in the traveling press corps, “some great people, some professional   people. ” “But generally, the consensus was that Trump didn’t have a chance,” he said. “It was almost a feeling like, we don’t know why we’re doing this anymore. You’d think the media would have an interest in playing up the contest, that the horse race would be interesting to people, that the drama of an election campaign would motivate people, but I think people were just exhausted. Trump was keeping a really tough pace, and they couldn’t really see the point of it all. ”  He summed up the Trump press corps mindset as, “Why is he spending all this time on the road? Why are we doing seven states in one day? What’s the point? He’s not going to win, this is pointless, and the only way it’s interesting to us is to pick out little things he does that are weird, zany, unusual, and likely damaging. ”  “They just couldn’t see the    between Trump and the Clinton campaign. I think they just didn’t have a sense that it was going to be fun. That changed a little bit with the Comey announcement, which I saw in New Hampshire  . It was more of a horse race. The media perked up a little bit,” he said. “But what was really interesting to me was that even though you might think commercially it was in their interest to play up the chance that Trump might win, they really seemed to have no interest in it, and no belief that he could,” Pollak said. “And so it was kind of almost a death march through all these different campaign rallies and stops in different states. I just don’t think they thought it possible, and some certainly were completely dismissive and mocking of him. ” He said one of the most surprising things he discovered on the Trump campaign trail was “just how determined the audiences were to vote for this man, to crawl over broken glass to vote for him, as our colleague John Nolte likes to say. ” He cited a rally in Virginia that had been scheduled to start at 9:30 p. m. on the Sunday before Election Day: “Trump had scheduled a lot of different events, and there was a large amount of traffic in one city because the police couldn’t clear the entire highway and so forth. In any event, the rally didn’t happen at 9:30 p. m. It happened at 12:30 a. m. in Virginia, the next morning. This is on a Sunday night into a Monday morning. It’s a school night. There are families there. We get there, thousands of people not only inside the hall, but outside, in the cold, young children with their parents, sleeping almost on their parents’ shoulders, waiting to see Donald Trump. Nobody had gone home! People had stayed there, and they were determined to be there. And when I asked people why they were there, they said, ‘We’re here to be a part of history. ’” “To the people in those audiences, there was no doubt that Trump was going to win,” Pollak observed. “They sensed a connection with this candidate that they hadn’t sensed with any other Republican candidate in decades. That felt new enough to them that they were convinced he was going to win. And that was really the first moment where I thought Trump might win, even though I thought the odds were still stacked against him and even though Election Day looked pretty rough until late in the evening. ” “The surprise to me was seeing the determination of the audiences,” he related. “At another rally in Michigan, I asked two young women why they were there, and they said something which I would hear repeated by others, which is: ‘He doesn’t have to be doing this for us, and we’re here because he loves us’  —   which is odd, and it’s always strange as a journalist to hear that from people because you have something of a critical distance. ”  “Even though we’re a conservative website, and we were more on the side of Trump, obviously, than the side of Clinton, you feel some kind of connection to what’s going on,” Pollak explained. “You never really get to that level of emotional investment. But people felt that because he had given up his Hollywood career, because he had suffered personal damage, because he had taken a hit in his businesses, he was sacrificing for them. That moved them to come out for him. And that was something I don’t think people really picked up on. That was surprising and I think part of the secret of why Trump actually won. ” Marlow asked Pollak for his list of the major storylines heading into Trump’s inauguration on Friday. “I think there are three main storylines,” Pollak replied. “The first is the outgoing administration, the Obama administration, casting doubt on Trump’s legitimacy. You’ll notice on Sunday, Meet the Press, Obama’s chief of staff would not say that Trump was legitimate. They said ‘freely elected,’ but they didn’t say ‘legitimate’ because they’re riding this Russian hacking conspiracy theory. They’re saying what John Lewis is saying. It makes me think that John Lewis is, in some ways, a surrogate for the administration. ”  “They’re talking about what a great job they’re doing in the transition, while they’re totally undermining the premise of the transition. So I think the Obama administration is going out on a really sour note. That’s one storyline,” he said. “Another storyline is the inauguration itself and the protests that are going to be there,” he continued. “The day after, there’s going to be quite a bit of protests. The security services, the officials are preparing for that. But there’s a certain amount of unknown. We just don’t know how many people. We don’t know exactly what they’re going to do. James O’Keefe has been releasing videos about the inside planning that’s going on at some of these events, so we’re starting to lift the veil on that a little bit. That’s another uncertain element. And we know that MoveOn. org and other   groups are planning nationwide protests on Inauguration Day and thereafter, so that’s another storyline, how the Left is trying to regroup. ” “And then the third storyline is the storyline about the Trump administration itself and how it’s going to start,” Pollak concluded. “This is now real. This is happening. He’s going to be President Trump on Friday. And he is beginning to unroll his agenda. We’re seeing some policies beginning to take shape. We’re seeing some very interesting clashes with Congress. ” “I think one of the more interesting elements of the Trump presidency is that the leading opposition force right now, at least, is going to be the conservatives in Congress, not Democrats,” he contended. “Democrats are busy whining about Russian hacking, and about John Lewis, and about deplorables and the   or whatever. They’re still reliving the election and trying to undermine it. They haven’t yet connected with the fact that they lost for a reason. It wasn’t just that Trump won. It’s also that they completely lost touch with their voters, with their issues, and they haven’t pulled that together yet. ”  “It’s the conservatives in Congress who are putting forward policies that Trump is agreeing with in many cases, disagreeing with in some cases  —   the fight right now with Paul Ryan over taxation. It’s going to be interesting to see the two sides hammer that out,” he said. “But if you’re a conservative, this is the kind of debate you want to see. You want to see a debate between alternate versions of conservatism. You don’t want to see a debate where conservatives always have to compromise with the far Left. So it’s an encouraging, positive sign if you’re a conservative, watching the administration in its first few days. ” Marlow noted that the media praised Obama for putting together a    cabinet that didn’t agree on everything, while Trump’s transition has been portrayed as disastrous because he did the same thing with    nominees. Pollak noted the media believe it has “a civic duty to oppose the Trump administration,” which is very different from the supportive role it saw for itself with Obama. “They believed the same thing during the campaign. It was their job to protect America from this Republican nominee,” he argued. “They failed at that job. Now they’re trying to set themselves up as the political opposition. There’s an element of that in the media’s role that is appropriate. I think where it starts to blend into inappropriate is where they’re starting to make very biased assessments against Trump that they didn’t make against Obama. ” He added to Marlow’s point about the transition that Obama was actually compared to Abraham Lincoln for assembling his “team of rivals,” even though he was   to remember when “a member of Obama’s cabinet actually dissented about anything. ” As he recalled, the few officials who might have disagreed with President Obama about anything of importance left early in his first term, under somewhat cloudy circumstances. If anything, Obama’s cabinet was even less concerned with vibrant diversity of opinion than Bill Clinton’s, which saw the occasional public spat, and even resignations, over policy differences. Pollak suggested this lack of actual intellectual diversity in the Obama administration planted the seed of Hillary Clinton’s downfall, since she had great difficulty running as anything other than Barack Obama’s third term  —   something Americans clearly did not want. “Trump really has appointed people with very different views, compared to what his views are presumed to be,” he said. “We saw that with some of the questions in the confirmation hearings about waterboarding. We saw it about Russia policy. I’m not so sure Russia policy is an area where Trump has a completely defined view, by the way, so I don’t think that clash is particularly set. ”  “But nevertheless, he has said openly he welcomes this exchange of views. He welcomes people with different views. That’s the sign of a person who has led organizations before, who is confident in having people with different opinions around the table, who’s also confident in his own ability to make the choice between those opinions, between different courses of action,” Pollak proposed. “It says something about his nominees, as well, that they are prepared to come into an administration knowing they may disagree on one or two points, but knowing that they have something to contribute nonetheless, and their job is to advocate for their point of view and to work together as a team if they decide to take, collectively, a different course,” he said. “So I think it’s a very encouraging sign. The media say it’s some kind of sign of incompetence  —   did Trump not know these people had these views? Or maybe Trump just doesn’t care. It’s always given a negative spin,” he observed, regretfully noting the media seemed to have learned nothing from its experiences on the 2016 campaign trail. Marlow argued that Trump has already done “a tremendous amount of good in putting the global elite on notice,” even though he has not been sworn in yet, citing the collapse of the planned   policy summit in Paris this week as an example. “It’s amazing,” Pollak agreed. “But I also think it’s the inevitable result of the rest of the world coming to grips with the reality of what’s happening on Friday, to an extent that Democrats haven’t yet done. ” He suggested the political fallout from “that U. N. Security Council resolution that Obama pushed, where all of the other countries on the Security Council also supported this resolution, and the reaction from the Trump administration was quite stern” might have   the Left’s   realization that the Obama era is over. “It was clear that this was not acceptable to the incoming administration. This approach to Israel was done, it was over, and there was going to be a radical shift towards a   stance, towards a strong U. S.  relationship, and away from the confrontation that Obama had sought, when he wanted to put distance between the U. S. and Israel,” Pollak noted.  “That’s why I think you already saw the U. K. walking back some of its statements. You saw Australia criticizing the U. N. Security Council. When John Kerry gave that speech at the State Department attacking the Israeli government, saying it was the most   government and everything, Prime Minister Teresa May of the United Kingdom said we don’t do that we don’t criticize the composition of other democratic countries. And she rebuked John Kerry. And so I think people understood there was a new sheriff coming to town,” he said.  “I think the original plan for the Paris conference, by the French and by Obama, had been to use that as a springboard for some kind of declaration of Palestinian statehood in the days before Obama leaves office,” he speculated. “Who knows? He’s got 72 hours or so left we’ll see what damage he can do. But I think that the reaction of the Trump transition team, and the   to what happened at the U. N. put the rest of the world on notice that we are not going to continue Obama’s foreign policy. Not just with regard to the great powers, China and Russia and so forth, but we’re also going to make a break with the way he handled the   conflict. Trump talks about negotiation and that sort of thing, but he wants to make clear that the U. S. is a strong ally of Israel  —   and not, as Obama did, make clear the opposite. ” Marlow turned back to the earlier discussion of how Democrats are challenging Trump’s legitimacy by playing a clip of Senator Marco Rubio ( ) essentially endorsing Rep. John Lewis’ moral authority. He asked why so many Republicans are still willing to fight under the Democrats’ rules of engagement. Pollak responded by quoting another of Trump’s rivals from the Republican primary, Senator Rand Paul ( ) who declared that he was capable of disagreeing with Rep. Lewis today without opposing the civil rights movement. “This is a conflation even the media don’t believe, but they’ve set it up this way,” he argued. “John Lewis has a track record, unfortunately, over the last ten years or so, of making these kinds of accusations, false accusations of racism against Republicans. He did it to John McCain. He did it in a more subtle way when Mitt Romney was running for president. Now, he’s doing it to Donald Trump. Eventually, you have to be called out on what you’re doing, and that’s legitimate to do. John Lewis is exploiting the civil rights struggle in a negative way. You could even say he’s demeaning it, by bringing it into this very partisan debate, the idea that the election was illegitimate. ”  “What John Lewis is basically doing is disenfranchising the millions of voters who voted for Donald Trump, by saying that their vote didn’t count, that they were part of some Russian conspiracy,” Pollak charged. “To me, that’s the irony, that the civil rights movement is about marching for the right to vote, and here you are telling people that their votes don’t matter, that they’re part of some nefarious foreign plot. To me, that’s an irony for which John Lewis has to answer. ” He denounced Lewis’ tactics as an example of “politics distorting history,” given the implication that Trump is somehow worse than the racists who physically assaulted Lewis during the civil rights era and whom he forgave. As Pollak put it, Lewis is effectively stating he’s “not even willing to reconcile with the guy who had nothing to do with Jim Crow  —   and, in fact, for most of his life, Donald Trump was a Democrat, often seen in the company of Jesse Jackson and other people in the civil rights tableaux in New York City and urban America. ” “Now, I think John Lewis has made positive contributions,” he added. “I actually remember writing John Lewis a letter about a year ago because he spoke at my wife’s graduation. I expected him to give a very partisan address, and he didn’t. He gave a very nonpartisan,     speech, and I wrote to him to say how impressed I was with the speech. I think you’ve got to reward these politicians when they do the right thing. But he is clearly not doing the right thing. ” As for Senator Rubio, Pollak suggested he is “trying to find his way” and “jockeying for a position among the leading voices in opposition, sort of conservative opposition, in Congress to Donald Trump. ” “There are some positive things in that. What’s missing, weirdly, from Rubio’s statement there and other issues is the sort of peppy joyfulness, the kind of optimism you associated once with Marco Rubio’s speaking style,” he lamented. “He seems very stern, very severe, sort of talking over the national anthem in the background. I mean, it’s just sort of weird. I don’t know where Rubio’s head is. ” Pollak ventured that it was unwise for a Republican with White House aspirations, such as Rubio, to give any degree of support to tactics that will be turned against him, should he realize his ambition to succeed President Trump. He also wondered if those tactics were going to pay off for Democrats, as they have done in the past, since they’ve made a habit of attacking voters, not just opposition political figures.  “They’re not reaching out to those Obama voters in Pennsylvania and Michigan who switched their vote to Trump,” Pollak observed. “They’re not reaching out to them and saying, ‘Hey, we need to get back in touch with you. We need to understand your issues. You used to vote for us, you voted the other way this time. We need to figure that out and   a relationship with you.’ No, what they’re telling those people is, ‘You’re part of a Russian conspiracy. ’”  “It’s almost like back to the fifties and the McCarthy era, basically saying this is a Communist plot against the United States. Donald Trump is a Manchurian candidate who’s sent by the Kremlin to take over America,” he said. “It’s so ridiculously outlandish. It’s like birtherism elevated to a national political platform. Donald Trump pulled some shenanigans when he was going up against Barack Obama in 2011, 2012, we all know that, but a lot of that washed out by the time the presidential campaign happened, and he’s not doing that any more. Republicans as a whole never did that. Democrats are going down this really weird road, and it’s going to isolate them further from their own voters in the end,” he predicted. Pollak contended that the strength of the civil rights movement came from its unifying nature, as Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. “succeeded by reaching out to what Americans held in common and refocusing it in a direction that he wanted to take the country. ” He noted that modern problems, such as persistent poverty, could only be solved through inclusive efforts, not by framing it as “a struggle by one group of Americans against another,” as today’s Left prefers. “One thing we forget about the civil rights struggle was how much faith was a part of it, how much religion, how much the Christian tradition was really brought to bear, and Americans were challenged to live up to it,” he added. “You don’t hear that when John Lewis is challenging Donald Trump and saying he wouldn’t invite him to Selma. I mean, that’s just silly. ”  “Donald Trump’s statement that Lewis was ‘all talk and no action,’ I think, in a way, hit the nail on the head because he’s not talking about the civil rights movement. He’s talking about what Lewis is doing in politics today,” Pollak argued.  He ran through the list of questions that flowed naturally from Trump’s response to Lewis: “What is John Lewis doing for his district? What is John Lewis doing for these problems of poverty in America? What are the Democrats doing? They’ve been in the minority now for six years, in the House. Have they achieved anything? What are they doing other than politics? What are they doing other than trying to take control again? Are they actually making any progress on those issues that they talk about every two years, around election time?”  “I think that’s the challenge that John Lewis has to face, and I think every congressman has to face, but especially John Lewis. People who are elected to where they are partly because of who they are, partly because of their history, have a special burden to live up to that. Trump is saying, ‘Okay, well, where is it? What are you doing? Is this just about setting yourself up as a partisan every time somebody wants to attack the Republican Party, and you use the civil rights history  —   which, by the way, Republicans were much more on the side of civil rights than Democrats. The civil rights movement was largely a struggle against southern Democrats,” he noted. “Is that what you’re going to do  —   you’re going to just use this as a partisan hatchet every time? Or are you actually going to do something? I think that was a very appropriate challenge,” Pollak declared. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
8344,Load of manure dumped at Democratic headquarters,"Print 
A load of manure was dumped outside the Democratic Party headquarters in Warren County. 
“What reasonable person thinks this is OK????” party chair Bethe Goldenfield said in a post in the Greater Cincinnati Politics Facebook Group . “I won’t be responding to anyone who thinks this is acceptable behavior. It is ILLEGAL!” 
The same thing happened in 2012, Goldenfield noted. The suburban Cincinnati county is overwhelmingly Republican; Mitt Romney got 69 percent of the vote four years ago. It’s been almost 40 years since a Democrat was elected to countywide office. 
Goldenfield told The Enquirer the Warren County Sheriff’s Office called her around 7:45 a.m. Saturday alerting her to the manure pile outside the Lebanon building. Deputies met party officials later to review video. 
“Hopefully the perps will be held accountable for their actions,” she said. 
Jeff Monroe, chairman of the Warren County Republican Party, said the GOP had nothing to do with the manure “and has offered to help clean things up.”",0
8345,"Bobby Freeman, ‘Do You Want to Dance’ Singer, Dies at 76 - The New York Times","Bobby Freeman, whose “Do You Want to Dance” climbed the pop charts in 1958 and endured long afterward in covers by the Beach Boys, the Ramones, Bette Midler and others, died on Jan. 23 at his home in Daly City, Calif. He was 76. The cause was a heart attack, his son Robert Freeman Jr. said on Monday. The death had not been widely reported. Mr. Freeman was still a teenager when he wrote and recorded the song that became his signature. Sung with infectious enthusiasm and featuring a driving Latin rhythm and a joyful guitar solo, “Do You Want to Dance” reached No. 5 on the Billboard singles chart. An energetic showman and dancer, Mr. Freeman was soon touring with Fats Domino and Jackie Wilson and appearing on television shows like “American Bandstand” and “The Dick Clark Saturday Night Beechnut Show. ” Mr. Freeman’s version of “Do You Want to Dance” (also known as “Do You Wanna Dance,” with and without the question mark) embodied the spirit of early rock ’n’ roll, but the secret to the song’s longevity was that artists interpreted it in myriad ways. The Beach Boys reached No. 12 on the Billboard chart in 1965 with a typically     interpretation. John Lennon recorded a dreamy reggae version. The Ramones ramped up Mr. Freeman’s energy to   levels. Both the Mamas and the Papas and Ms. Midler slowed the song down Ms. Midler’s version, a sensual ballad, reached No. 17 on the Billboard chart in 1973. She told CBS News in 2006 that “Do You Want to Dance” was her favorite song. The song was also featured on the soundtrack of George Lucas’s rock ’n’ roll    film “American Graffiti” (1973). Mr. Freeman was not a   wonder. “C’mon and Swim” (1964)  —   a young Sly Stone was its producer and a    —   reached No. 5 on the Billboard chart. “Betty Lou Got a New Pair of Shoes” (1958) also charted. Robert Thomas Freeman was born in Northern California on June 13, 1940, and raised in San Francisco. He attended Mission High School there before joining the Romancers, a   group. In addition to his son Robert, his survivors include another son, Jerrald his partner of 17 years, Michele Ellen two daughters, April Freeman and Nichole Hackett and several grandchildren. Mr. Freeman released a handful of songs after 1964, but none became hits. He spent years performing at clubs in San Francisco, Lake Tahoe, Reno, Las Vegas and other cities, and that was fine with him. “I’m just as content as I could be with what I’m doing,” he told The San Francisco Chronicle in 1990. “I have no complaints whatsoever. ”",0
8346,Adnan Syed Retrial Ruling Disappoints Family of Victim in ‘Serial’ Case - The New York Times,"While relatives and supporters of Adnan Syed celebrated a Maryland judge’s decision to grant him a new trial in the 1999 murder of his former girlfriend Hae Min Lee, members of Ms. Lee’s family on Friday expressed disappointment in the decision and said they remained convinced of his guilt. “We do not speak as often or as loudly as those who support Adnan Syed, but we care just as much about this case,” the family said in a statement released by the office of the Maryland attorney general. “We continue to grieve. We continue to believe justice was done when Mr. Syed was convicted of killing Hae. ” “While we continue to put our faith in the courts and hope the decision will be reversed, we are very disappointed by the judge’s decision,” the statement continued. The family expressed gratitude to prosecutors “for standing by the true victims and for giving Hae Min Lee a voice. ” Mr. Syed, whose case was chronicled in the first season of the hit podcast “Serial,” was granted a retrial on Thursday by Judge Martin P. Welch of the Baltimore City Circuit Court. It was a major victory for an inmate who has maintained his innocence for almost two decades. He has served 16 years of a life sentence after being convicted in 2000 of   murder and kidnapping. On Friday, Mr. Syed’s lawyer, C. Justin Brown, said on Twitter that his client had been “informed of the decision. ” At a news conference on Thursday, Mr. Brown said of the possibility that Mr. Syed might eventually be freed: “I’m feeling pretty confident right now. This was the biggest hurdle. It’s really hard to get a new trial. ” Charles P. Ewing, a law professor at the University at Buffalo who was interviewed in the podcast, said in an email, “The state now has the burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that he is guilty, and that is much more difficult after   years. ” He added, “Some of the evidence is no longer available, witnesses will be unavailable, evidence is stale and people’s memories are not the same after that period of time. ” Mr. Brown has said that he believed the retrial would not have been granted if “Serial” had not turned Mr. Syed’s case into a pop culture touchstone in 2014. The podcast, which examined whether Mr. Syed had received a fair trial, was downloaded more than 100 million times and won a Peabody Award. The judge’s decision came after three days of postconviction hearings in February. Lawyers for Mr. Syed presented new evidence, including testimony from a new alibi witness. They also argued that his original defense counsel, Maria Cristina Gutierrez, had been grossly negligent when she decided not to question a state’s expert about the reliability of cellphone tower data prosecutors had submitted as evidence. Ms. Gutierrez died in 2004. Mr. Syed’s brother, Yusuf, 26, said on Thursday, “We really felt 100 percent that the judge would rule in our favor. ” Rabia Chaudry, a family friend of Mr. Syed’s who introduced Sarah Koenig, the host of “Serial,” to the case, thanked the judge and witnesses, writing on Twitter: “WE WON. WE WON. WE WON. WE WON. ” With Friday’s statement, Ms. Lee’s family continued to push back at the attention and support Mr. Syed has drawn. In February, her relatives expressed their anguish over his request for a new trial. A family statement released by the office of the Maryland attorney general then said it had been painful to see the case resurrected and watch a man convicted of killing their daughter attract public support. “It remains hard to see so many run to defend someone who committed a horrible crime, who destroyed our family, who refuses to accept responsibility, when so few are willing to speak up for Hae,” the family said at the time. Ms. Lee was last seen on Jan. 13, 1999, and her body was discovered a few weeks later in a shallow grave in a West Baltimore park by a   according to The Baltimore Sun. Her mother, Youn Wha Kim, took the stand at Mr. Syed’s sentencing hearing in 2000 and, through an interpreter, told the court that she could not bring herself to forgive him for her daughter’s death, The Baltimore Sun reported. “When I die, my daughter will die with me,” she told the court. “As long as I live, my daughter is buried in my heart. ”",0
8347,TRUMP SUPPORTER Whose Brutal Beating By Black Mob Was Caught On Video Asks: “What Happened To America?” [VIDEO],"David Wilcox, a 49 year old Chicago man who was brutally beaten by a mob of black Democrats asks, “What happened to America?” Here is his very sad story:  ",0
8348,Justin Trudeau to Attend the Broadway Musical ‘Come From Away’ - The New York Times,"Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada, who has championed the arts and welcomed refugees while in office, said on Saturday that he would visit Broadway to see a new musical that highlights Canadian generosity toward stranded airline passengers after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The show, “Come From Away,” is the rare Broadway musical by and about Canadians, and has been greeted enthusiastically by audiences in that country. It is now in previews on Broadway and is set to open March 12. Mr. Trudeau said he and his wife, Sophie, would attend the show on March 15, joining a group of about 600 people attending with the Consulate General of Canada in New York. “Come From Away,” with music, lyrics and book by a married Canadian couple, Irene Sankoff and David Hein, is about the encounter between the residents of Gander, Newfoundland, and thousands of international air travelers who were diverted there on the day of the attacks. The show was nurtured by the Canadian Music Theater Project at Sheridan College near Toronto, which is trying to cultivate more musical theater by Canadian writers. The founder of the project, Michael Rubinoff, said the show was only the fifth musical with a Canadian writing team to reach Broadway, after “Rockabye Hamlet” in 1976, “Billy Bishop Goes to War” in 1980, “The Drowsy Chaperone” in 2006 and “The Story of My Life” in 2009. All but “The Drowsy Chaperone” were considered flops. “This is extremely culturally significant, having a Canadian musical, written by Canadians about Canadians, on Broadway  —   that’s historic,” Mr. Rubinoff said. He said the show would probably appeal to Mr. Trudeau because of his interest in the arts  —   he once taught high school drama  —   and because of his political agenda. “The show speaks to his values,” Mr. Rubinoff said. “Welcoming refugees, kindness  —   these are issues he’s been championing since he’s been prime minister, and those themes speak to him now more than ever, given the international political climate. ” Mr. Trudeau’s spokesman, Cameron Ahmad, said Sunday that the prime minister is coming in part to “support the success of a great Canadian cultural production. ” But he made clear that the show’s themes are also a consideration. “Both our countries share a deep   relationship, that extends far beyond our economic ties, and is made stronger by cultural connections and shared values,” Mr. Ahmad said. “And we embrace the opportunity to highlight how we are there for each other in times of need. ” The show has had multiple   productions  —   at the La Jolla Playhouse, Seattle Repertory Theater, Ford’s Theater in Washington and the Royal Alexandra Theater in Toronto. The Toronto production was a particular success, and the show’s producers have announced that they will begin a second production of the show in Toronto next February. Several Canadian politicians have already seen the show. Last fall, when the cast performed a concert version of the show in Gander, the audience included Dwight Ball, the premier of Newfoundland and Labrador, as well as Frank F. Fagan, the province’s lieutenant governor. Mayor John Tory of Toronto saw the show in his city. The mayor of Calgary, Alberta, Naheed Nenshi, attended a Broadway preview, and then declared it the “best musical I’ve ever seen. ” The show has also prompted quite a bit of interest among American government officials. Among those who saw the production in Washington were Justice Elena Kagan of the Supreme Court Laura Bush, the former first lady members of Congress and some   military officials. Several members of the Obama administration also attended a performance, including Samantha Power, the former United States ambassador to the United Nations, and Susan E. Rice, the former national security adviser.",0
8349,Matthews: Kushner ’A Little Bit Like Uday and Qusay’ But ’Not That Bad’ - Breitbart,"On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball with Chris Matthews,” host Chris Matthews argued that people in the White House would be frightened of disagreeing with Jared Kushner and made another comparison between Kushner and Saddam Hussein’s sons Uday and Qusay.  Matthews said, “[W]ho wants to take on Jared Kushner in a meeting on the Middle East, have that conversation? Scared to death. everybody  —   oh my God, is like ‘Oh I —  ‘ they don’t want to say nothing. A little bit like Uday and Qusay. Not that bad.   …     I shouldn’t be that tough, but I am. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
8350,Oakland to Use Soda Tax ’Bait-and-Switch’ to Cover Deficit - Breitbart,"Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf wants to fund a $32 million budget deficit by grabbing millions in revenue from November’s   soda tax initiative  —   and critics are accusing her of a “  . ”[According to the East Bay Times, three of the nine members of the City Council are blasting Mayor Libby Schaaf’s plan to repurpose the soda tax revenue away from health spending to plug the city’s   budget that she plans to present on May 5.  The mayor’s spokesperson, Erica Derryck, issue a statement on May 1 claiming that Schaaf’s plan’s use of the revenues is “consistent with the goals of the measure. ” City of Oakland voters approved Measure HH on the November ballot by an over 61 percent majority. The initiative assessed a tax of     on the distribution of   beverage products including sodas, sports drinks, sweetened teas, energy drinks and fruit products that were not 100 percent pure juice. The City Council’s big selling point to voters for the tax increase was the Oakland City Auditor’s “Impartial Analysis of Measure HH’”that promised soda tax revenues would be managed by a   ‘Community Advisory Board comprised of medical, dental and School District parents to determine “how and to what extent the City Council should establish and fund programs to prevent or reduce the health consequences of consuming   beverages in Oakland. ” The big reason that the City of Oakland is willing to anger voters is that the union wage and pension costs from the city council’s July 2014 passage of a $15 minimum wage are jumping. With the latest spike to $12. 86 an hour on January 1, the mayor and her 5 council allies are desperate to find new cash. The Oakland City Council’s own December 2014 minimum wage staff report highlighted that that there was no “legislative solution” to address the annual   impact from thousands of unionized city recreational aides, senior aides and   student trainees jumping in cost by 35 percent from $18, 155 to $24, 500 per year. The city’s SEIU contract also requires equivalent higher contributions for sick leave and pension benefits. The California Policy Center reported that the Oakland’s Human Resources Management Department also expected a $15 minimum wage to have a contractual ripple effect from the “compaction” of city wage comparisons. SEIU labor contracts mandate that   public employees must also receive compaction wage and pension increases. Councilman Noel Gallo told the San Francisco CBS TV affiliate that there is no problem with how the soda tax will now be spent because “It will be used to support children and family activities. ” Gallo says the soda tax will support libraries, parks, fix potholes, and build affordable housing. Critics point out that the burden of the soda tax falls disproportionately on the poor. The first hearing of the mayor’s budget will be on May 5. The final City of Oakland budget must be adopted by June 30.",0
8351,US Condemnation Of Yemen Slaughter Backfires As World Blames US,"Once called the world’s greatest purveyor of violence by Reverend Martin Luther King Jr., the US government has made a habit of issuing vapid self-serving and hypocritical statements about humanitarian crises all over the world.
In some cases, a flack standing behind a government podium will give a boilerplate condemnation of the violence and horrors, while in many cases a simple press release will do.
So it was the normal routine on Tuesday, when UN Ambassador Samantha Power issued another typical empty condemnation of the humanitarian crisis in Yemen, where thousands have been killed and thousands more are starving to death. But the bullshit did not stand long.
Activists immediately pointed out it was the government for which Power was speaking that was leading the slaughter, providing the very weapons the Saudis were using to bomb civilians and damage the food supply.
In fact, it was a US-made bomb that Saudi Arabia used on a Doctors Without Borders hospita l in Northern Yemen in August that forced the organization to leave the country. The Saudis have targeted hospitals, schools, and other civilian targets in their brutal bombing campaign to destroy the Shiite Houthi rebels.
In October, the Saudis even bombed a funeral, which an analysis by Shadowproof reveals happened just weeks after the US shipped hundreds of millions of dollars in weapons to Saudi Arabia.
Among the weapons the Saudis have received from the US are the controversial CBU-105 Sensor Fuzed Weapon from Textron Systems of Wilmington, Massachusetts. The CBU-105 is a cluster bomb, which are banned by a large number of a countries for their lethality on civilians both during and after conflicts. Cluster munitions may detonate well after they are dropped, maiming and killing children and others.
Saudi Arabia received the weapons as part of one of the biggest arms deals in US history, negotiated by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Clinton completed the historic arms deal despite telling John Podesta in a private email that she knew Saudi Arabia was financing and arming ISIS. 
The Saudis appeared quite appreciative of Clinton’s work and even made millions of dollars worth of donations to Hillary Clinton’s favorite charity, the Clinton Foundation.
So, yes, no one is going to take the US condemnations of Saudi war crimes in Yemen seriously when the US is knowingly supplying the weapons used to commit them. Ambassador Power can point her blood-soaked finger at herself.
The post US Condemnation Of Yemen Slaughter Backfires As World Blames US appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
8352,Globalist Plan for Human Control,"Veteran IT Training Program Leads to 100% Job Placement ‹ › SARTRE is the pen name of James Hall, a reformed, former political operative. This pundit's formal instruction in History, Philosophy and Political Science served as training for activism, on the staff of several politicians and in many campaigns. A believer in authentic Public Service, independent business interests were pursued in the private sector. As a small business owner and entrepreneur, several successful ventures expanded opportunities for customers and employees. Speculation in markets, and international business investments, allowed for extensive travel and a world view for commerce. He is retired and lives with his wife in a rural community. ""Populism"" best describes the approach to SARTRE's perspective on Politics. Realities, suggest that American Values can be restored with an appreciation of ""Pragmatic Anarchism."" Reforms will require an Existential approach. ""Ideas Move the World,"" and SARTRE'S intent is to stir the conscience of those who desire to bring back a common sense, moral and traditional value culture for America. Not seeking fame nor fortune, SARTRE's only goal is to ask the questions that few will dare ... Having refused the invites of an academic career because of the hypocrisy of elite's, the search for TRUTH is the challenge that is made to all readers. It starts within yourself and is achieved only with your sincere desire to face Reality. So who is SARTRE? He is really an ordinary man just like you, who invites you to join in on this journey. BREAKING ALL THE RULES hosts SARTRE Commentary. BATR.org and BATR.net Globalist Plan for Human Control By Sartre on November 8, 2016 
Recognizing that there is and has been a century’s long shrouded plan to mastermind a worldwide Weltanschauung that puts a diabolical elite mastery over the billions of human beings, which make up the vast hordes of divinely created life on this planet, is a taboo topic in most cultures. The entire system of socially manufactured perception is a plot to keep people in line and docile. Mass societal pressure is dumped on anyone, who dares to put forth a confederacy organism of global rule explanation for understanding political, social and economic affairs. Keeping the enigma program for extending a cruel and deadly supremacy over mankind cannot be kept secret any longer. 
A brief and concise definition of The Globalist Agenda follows: 
“Simply put, the globalist movement is an alliance based on self-interest of the private international financiers and the royal, dynastic and hereditary land owning families of Britain, Europe and America which over the years have intermarried to create a self regenerating power structure that through lies and deception seeks to control everything and everyone on earth.” 
Review the glaring elements that make up the demented mindset and ultimate objections of these demonic demons devoted to their satanic master. 
Elite Belief System / Values 
The Ends Justify the Means Mystery Religions / Occult 
Population Reduction to less than 1 Billion people Post Industrial Feudalism Transhumanism End of the Age – New Age 
This summary of attitudes and aims might not be earth shattering for dedicated observers of the power elite, but for those who avoid any appearance of being tagged as a tin foil wearing conspiracy kook, mustering up the courage to confront the facts of real history may be too much to contemplate. Nullifying one’s comfort zone, even if it is totally false, is not an attribute for those who never developed character of sincerity or intellectual honesty. 
Prof. Dr. MUJAHID KAMRAN provides a well documented account of Who Really Controls the World? Coming from a non Western perspective, it is most encouraging that the exposure of the force beyond the scene is resonating in every corner of the planet. 
“The wealthiest families on planet earth call the shots in every major upheaval that they cause. Their sphere of activity extends over the entire globe, and even beyond, their ambition and greed for wealth and power knows no bounds, and for them, most of mankind is garbage – “human garbage.” It is also their target to depopulate the globe and maintain a much lower population compared to what we have now.” 
When The Communist Takeover Of America – 45 Declared Goals from “ The Naked Communist ,” by Cleon Skousen was published, most people were diverted to thinking that a Marxist ideology was the primary enemy during the cold war. Left to the perceptive and astute, the most informed understand that the totalitarian creed of collectivism was originated and implemented by Jews. The influence of designed destruction for Western institutions and heritage, which facilitate and spreads the New World Order power structure, is the sacred canon of the privileged Globalist elites. 
A serious researcher cannot ignore or circumvent this historic fact. Academic censorship would have the timid stay clear of this detail to avoid being smeared as a critic of the “so called” chosen tribe. Those who buy into this asinine prerequisite, which is the height of chutzpah, would be petrified to actually review the sentiments of What world famous men said about the Jews . 
Now not every wicked globalist is exclusively Jewish. However, the proportion of Judaic race identity and Talmud proponents within the Globalist circle of black magic is overwhelmingly disproportionate to their population numbers. Also, there is no one single mythos viewpoint among globalists as The Two Jewish-led Globalist Camps… In Competition For Global Control illustrates. “There are two distinct ideological globalist camps, both led by Jews — each camp competes with the other for global control: 1) THE LIBERAL CAMP 2) THE NEOCON CAMP” 
The inquiry into the influence of Jewish Faces in the Government can fill several books. Yet, the bias against covering this topic is so strong that only brave souls venture into the cauldron of popular culture ostracization. 
If you have the courage to venture where most will not dare, take a close look at the lists provided on THE GLOBALISTS site. The lead rundown presents: “The global elite march in four essential columns: Corporate, Academic, Political and Organized Religion . In general, the goals for globalism are created by Corporate. Academic then provides studies and white papers that justify Corporate goals. Political sells Academic’s arguments to the public and if necessary, changes laws to accommodate and facilitate Corporate in getting what it wants. Organized Religion along with church and state secures corporate, academic and political rule into a global order.” 
The lists of oligarch families, Committee of 300 and organized groups of the ruling class is a combination of dynasty elements that make up their cabal syndicate of power and dominance. The Rothschild linage bears the most attention for the central blood line of the international finance and the global cartel. Nevertheless, the choreographed architecture for governance goes well beyond an analysis of money, politics and force. 
In order to restrict the world view and impose a rigid abidance into an occult Babylonian religion, The Globalist Agenda contends: New Religion Based on Earth Worship 
“Today, the elite are seeking to destroy the old religious belief systems and replace them with a “new age” religion based on a form of earth worship. Doing so will accomplish multiple objectives – to get people to accept lower standards of living; to accept voluntary sterilization to save mother earth thus helping to depopulate the planet; and to accept restrictions on rights and freedoms in the name of saving the environment.” 
The Globalist Plan to take-down the whole World by Preston James, Ph.D postulates: 
“ Set up a comprehensive multi-level secret Luciferian matrix used to induce and promote selected individuals who are willing to do anti-human debased acts in exchange for extreme rewards of fame, money and power in return for their willingness to give up their souls. This provides a cadre of deeply committed sold-out top controllers who can be later disposed of when no longer needed. With abject secrecy their whole system becomes exposed and crumbles.” 
This certainly sounds similar to the way the Plutocrat Jewery deviltry operates. For an evaluation on how The Dark Agenda Behind Globalism And Open Borders works, Zero Hedge sounds a familiar theme. 
“ The people behind the effort to enforce globalism are tied together by a particular ideology, perhaps even a cult-like religion , in which they envision a world order as described in Plato’s Republic. They believe that they are “chosen” either by fate, destiny or genetics to rule as philosopher kings over the rest of us. They believe that they are the wisest and most capable that humanity has to offer , and that through evolutionary means, they can create chaos and order out of thin air and mold society at will.” 
Now what group of self proclaimed super elites does this most scrupulously describe? 
The globalist plan for human servitude and ultimate liquidation is a direct result of the hubris from these deranged omnipotent imposters. Only through a sincere and dedicated investigation into the working of the “ Khazarian Mafia ”, a term penned by Dr. James, can one begin to comprehend the nature of the pandemic ethos that is at the core of the globalist cult. 
Who better to conclude a dissecting of the Globalist Plan for Human Control than the teaching of Texe Marrs? From his Exclusive Intelligence Examiner Report you get an account you will not read in the controlled media. 
“Children of hell, that’s what Jesus called the Jewish religious teachers. That was almost 2,000 years ago. Well, guess what? The Jewish religionists are even worse now, in the 21st century. They’ve had almost 2,000 years more to practice and perfect their evil religion. Today, those who practice satanic cabalism and believe in the Talmud are the children of hell a hundred times over.” 
The globalists adopt the practices and mores of this perversion from the Old Testament faith of Moses, Isaac, Jacob, and the prophets. Their design for a soulless existence and final mass annihilation is the essence of archfiend wickedness. The New World Order structure of global submission basically wants to remove free will from the human condition. 
Every thinking and God fearing person must resist and oppose the autocracy of the Tempter for global secularization. As more individuals assimilate into a reprobate culture that lacks faith in the divine word of God, the end collapse of society and all decency is inevitable. 
SARTRE – November 8, 2016",0
8353,"Science Will Suffer Under Trump’s Travel Ban, Researchers Say - The New York Times","Researchers, academic officials and science policy makers are expressing alarm at President Trump’s order barring entry to the United States to people from certain predominantly Muslim countries, saying it could hinder research, affect recruitment of top scientists and dampen the free exchange of scientific ideas. The executive order, issued on Friday and clarified somewhat over the weekend by administration officials, potentially affects thousands of students and researchers from Iran, Iraq and five other countries. Foreigners fill the undergraduate and especially graduate ranks at many American universities, and newly minted Ph. D. s from overseas flock to the United States for research and teaching positions in academic laboratories. Mary Sue Coleman, the president of the Association of American Universities, said that by one estimate, there were about 17, 000 students from the seven countries at American universities. “I’m concerned about it hampering our ability to recruit outstanding graduate students,” said Samuel L. Stanley Jr. the president of Stony Brook University on Long Island. Dr. Stanley spent the weekend monitoring the work of immigration lawyers in a successful effort to release a Stony Brook graduate student from Iran, Vahideh Rasekhi, who was en route to Kennedy Airport when the order was issued and was detained after she landed. “Immigration into the United States is tremendously important to science,” said Soumya Raychaudhuri, a Harvard Medical School professor whose Iranian postdoctoral researcher, Samira Asgari, was barred on Saturday from boarding a flight to begin her job in his laboratory at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston. “There are other countries competing for this talent pool, and walking away from that jeopardizes our standing. ” Some foreign universities, while condemning the ban, also pointed out that they still welcomed students and researchers from anywhere. The University of British Columbia announced the establishment of a task force, with an initial budget of 250, 000 Canadian dollars (about $190, 000) “to determine what assistance the university can offer those affected. ” Since the restrictions, some institutions, including the University of Pennsylvania and the University of California system, have advised students or faculty members from Iran, Iraq and the other affected countries not to travel overseas until further notice. The order could prevent many foreign researchers from making   trips to attend conferences and other scientific meetings overseas for fear of not being able to return. The restrictions could also affect meetings in the United States, as some foreign scientists would not be allowed to travel here. The country’s largest general scientific organization, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, said it was worried that the restrictions might reduce attendance at its annual meeting in two weeks in Boston. Hundreds of foreigners normally attend the conference. “We are of course concerned that this issue may affect scientists and students traveling to Boston,” said Tiffany Lohwater, an official with the association. She said the organization was considering alternative measures, including free   of sessions, for those who could not attend. Jennifer Golbeck, a professor of computer science at the University of Maryland, said her department had a number of Iranian students and researchers. Using social media, Dr. Golbeck in recent days has organized a database of people willing to shelter scientists and others who were in transit to the United States and were halted by the order. “There’s a lot of people from these seven countries,” Dr. Golbeck said. “And suddenly there’s this possibility that faculty members, students, postdocs and others who are outside the country for one reason or another suddenly can’t come back. ” Solmaz Shariat Torbaghan, an Iranian neuroscience researcher at New York University who was awaiting a green card, said the order would force her to soon make a decision: stay and take her chances, or move to Canada. “My partner and I just moved into a new place here, we are waiting for our furniture, and were hoping to have our parents visit us in a couple of months, which is not a possibility anymore,” she said. “Now, I don’t know what’s coming next. ” The uncertainty, she added, is not good for her research colleagues, either. “People in my lab are very supportive,” she said, “but in an experimental lab, people need to know they can count on you, that you’re not going to be suddenly gone and leave the project. ” The order may also affect work at some of the country’s most prestigious medical institutions. Eleven patients from the seven affected countries, which also include Syria, Sudan, Libya, Somalia and Yemen, were planning to travel to Johns Hopkins University for medical treatment within the next 90 days, said Pamela Paulk, the president of Johns Hopkins Medicine International. All have visas, she said, but now it is not clear whether or when they may come. “We are taking steps to see what the ban means for them,” she said. “Right now the ban is vague, and we don’t know if there will be health exceptions. ” She said that patients who travel from the Middle East to the United States for treatment generally have severe illnesses that cannot be treated in their home countries, and need complex treatments like neurosurgery, heart operations or bone marrow transplants for cancer or blood diseases. Some cannot afford, medically, to wait. Johns Hopkins may also lose at least one graduate student. Omid Zobeiri, 28, is an Iranian citizen who began working on his doctorate in biomedical engineering in September 2015 at McGill University in Montreal. His mentor and supervisor at McGill moved to Johns Hopkins last summer and hoped to take Mr. Zobeiri with her so he could continue the research he had begun in her laboratory. Mr. Zobeiri applied for a visa during the summer, but had not received one yet when the ban was announced on Friday. “After this ban, I basically give up right now, or wait some months,” Mr. Zobeiri said. “I don’t know my future. ” Kathleen Cullen, Mr. Zobeiri’s supervisor and a professor of biomedical engineering, described him as “phenomenally talented and a wonderful scientist,” and said he had been selected from among many applicants. She said his being kept out of the United States was “a major impediment and is slowing the pace of research in my group. ”",0
8354,Get Ready For Civil Unrest: Survey Finds That Most Americans Are Concerned About Election Violence,"Economic Collapse October 27, 2016 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? Let’s hope that it doesn’t happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. 
If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned “about the possibility of violence” on election day… 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are “very concerned.” Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are “very confident” about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won’t recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn’t have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump’s star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax… 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump’s star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June … 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate’s star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump’s star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump’s star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted “Nazi Republicans get out of town or else” along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece… 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let’s certainly hope that we don’t see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is “grabbing my musket” if Donald Trump loses the election… 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, “On November 8th, I’m voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I’m grabbing my musket. You in?” 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today … 
“Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I’ve been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan’s Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to “declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton’s political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month … 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it.  50  ",0
8355,"World’s Oldest Man, After Century Wait, Celebrates Bar Mitzvah at Last - The New York Times","Yisrael Kristal, like many a bar mitzvah boy before him, celebrated the event last weekend, reading the Torah and enjoying the company of his family, who danced, sang and threw candies. But Mr. Kristal was surrounded at the ceremony in southern Israel by his two surviving children, nine grandchildren and 30  . He is 113, and he had to wait a century to mark the occasion. “My father is a religious man, and it was his dream his whole life to have a bar mitzvah,” his daughter Shulamith Kristal Kuperstoch said by telephone from her home in Haifa, Israel. “It was a miracle after everything that he has been through in his life. What else can you call it?” When Allied troops liberated Auschwitz in 1945, she said, Mr. Kristal weighed 82 pounds. He was the only member of his family to survive the Holocaust. She said her father had smiled widely after the bar mitzvah, which celebrates the moment when a boy can participate fully in Jewish life and traditions, including being allowed to be called in religious ceremonies to read from the Torah, the first five books of the Old Testament. Mr. Kristal was born Izrael Icek Krysztal in the village of Malenie, in what is now Poland, on Sept. 15, 1903. When he was 11, Franz Joseph, the emperor of   passed through his town. The boy threw sweets at the emperor, perhaps presaging Izrael’s career in the chocolate and candy business. By his 13th birthday, World War I was raging and he missed his bar mitzvah, Ms. Kristal Kuperstoch said. His father was in the Russian Army, and his mother had died three years earlier. By age 16, after his father had died of typhus, he was an orphan. After the war, he opened a candy store in the Polish city of Lodz with an uncle and prospered. But after Germany invaded Poland in 1939, Mr. Kristal, his wife and their two children were moved to the ghetto in Lodz, where the children died. In August 1944, he and his wife were sent to Auschwitz, where his wife was killed. After the war, he returned to Lodz, remarried, and in 1950 he moved to Haifa with his second wife and their son. He rebuilt his life, again becoming a successful confectioner. In March, at the age of 112 years and 178 days, he was declared the oldest man in the world by Guinness World Records. Ms. Kristal Kuperstoch said her father had prayed every morning for the past 100 years. She attributed his longevity to “the above. ” “He believes in God,” she said. “He is a simple man, a wise and intelligent man. He believes in himself. He is someone who takes happiness in everything. ” She said part of his secret for getting to age 113 was “eating to live rather than living to eat. ” When he does eat, Ms. Kristal Kuperstoch added, he enjoys daily helpings of pickled herring and, as a younger man in his 80s, had a taste for wine and beer. He lives in his own home with a housekeeper. He remains sharp and still likes speaking Yiddish and listening to Yiddish songs, Ms. Kristal Kuperstoch said. “He wakes up early each morning, catches up on the news and eats a simple breakfast,” she said. “He is interested in politics and used to read the newspaper every day. Now I read it to him since his eyesight is failing. ” Mr. Kristal’s granddaughter Liat Bashan, a    social worker, said that seeing her grandfather at his bar mitzvah ceremony, in a room spilling over with relatives and loved ones, had left her overcome with joy  —   and mindful of all those who perished in the Holocaust. “All those people from one person,” she said. “Imagine how many rooms could be filled if six million had lived. ” She added: “Every time I see my grandfather, I want to make a blessing. ”",0
8356,Migrant screaming ‘Allahu Akbar’ bursts into a wedding in a German church and tears down decorations,"Daily Mail October 26, 2016 A newlywed couple have claimed their big day was ruined when a man burst inside the church shouting ‘Allahu Akbar’ and then started tearing down wedding decorations. Groom Marcel Lohbeck, 35, and bride Friederike were celebrating their wedding with 90 guests in the Karmel Church in Duisburg, a city in western Germany . Lochbeck said: ‘At the beginning of the ceremony, a man with a thick jumper and a hat on came into the church and sat in the back row. ‘Shortly afterwards, he stood up and wandered around the candles. He laughed in a disturbing manner and then fondled the statue of Mary. ‘He had been speaking in Arabic and partly English. He then started destroying the flowers and kept shouting “Allahu Akbar”.’ This article was posted: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 9:31 am Share this article",0
8357,"Project Veritas: ""I've Known the President Since He Was a Community Organizer in Chicago""","Project Veritas: ""I've Known the President Since He Was a Community Organizer in Chicago"" October 26, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Another great video from Project Veritas that shows you just how blurred the lines between politics and organized crime have become. 
The latest of the Project Veritas videos shows once again that it's all one integrated system, despite any protests to the contrary. The same Democratic machine that spouts off about ""dark money"" lives on it, breathes it and thrives on it. And will take it no matter how dark and dubious it is, whether it's routed from foreign interests, through foreign institutions and through roundabout ways. 
The system runs of money, on power and favors traded and influence bought and sold. For all the leftist politics on the surface, beneath the waters is the murkier tide in which folks like the Clintons swim. It's the dark water in which money gets you access to Hillary or Obama. In which the royal courts of the royal left are filled with power brokers who do the things that make the money move around.",0
8358,Computers that can read your MIND and convert your thoughts,"Computers that can read your MIND and convert your thoughts 10/27/2016 
THE DAILY MAIL Voice-recognition technology can be useful for dictating text when you have no way of typing. But computers could soon be able to decode your thoughts into actual speech or written words, without you even saying a word. This kind of technology sounds like science fiction, but there are a variety of ways scientists are edging towards making it a reality, according to a new review. Computers that can read our minds might enhance the capabilities of already existing speech interfaces with devices, like Siri and Ok Google. But it could be even more important for those with speech difficulties, and even more so for patients who lack any speech or motor function at all. ‘So instead of saying “Siri, what is the weather like today” or “Ok Google, where can I go for lunch?” I just imagine saying these things,’ said Christian Herff, author of a review recently published in the journal Frontiers in Human Neuroscience . Reading someone’s thoughts might still belong to the realms of science fiction, but scientists are already decoding speech from signals generated in our brains when we speak or listen to someone talking. In the new study, Mr Herff and co-author Dr Tanja Schultz, both from the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, compared the pros and cons of using various brain imaging techniques to take neural signals from the brain and decode them to text. There are a variety of technologies out there, the authors said, including functional MRI and near infrared imaging that detect neural signals based on the metabolic activity of neurons. Another method can detect electromagnetic activity of neurons responding to speech. But there was one method in particular, called electrocorticography, which stood out in the new review, the authors said. This technique uses a brain-to-text system. demonstrated on epilepsy patients who already had electrode grids implanted for treatment of their condition. The patients read out texts presented on a screen in front of them while their brain activity was recorded. This formed the basis of a database of patterns of neural signals that could now be matched to speech elements or ‘phones’. When the researchers included language and dictionary models in their algorithms, they were able to decode neural signals to text with a high degree of accuracy. There are a variety of technologies out there, the authors said, including functional MRI (stock image pictured) and near infrared imaging that detect neural signals based on the metabolic activity of neurons COULD HACKERS GET INSIDE YOUR BRAIN? Experts at the University of Washington have revealed how hackers could inserting images into dodgy apps and recording our brain’s unintentional reaction using brain-computer interfaces. For example, when playing a video game users may see logos of familiar brands pop-up on the screen that just vanish. Hackers put those images in the game and they were recording your ‘brain’s unintentional response to them’ using a BCI, which can be a wearable device that monitors stress levels or a cap covered in electrodes. This technology could one day be used by advertisers to gather more information about their customers. Also, police officers and government officials could use this method to convict criminals or as a ‘remote lie detector test’. ‘For the first time, we could show that brain activity can be decoded specifically enough to use ASR (automated speech recognition) technology on brain signals,’ said Mr Herff. ‘However, the current need for implanted electrodes renders it far from usable in day-to-day life.’ To go from here to a functioning thought-detection device will still require some work. ‘A first milestone would be to actually decode imagined phrases from brain activity, but a lot of technical issues need to be solved for that,’ said Herff. Earlier this year researchers at the University of Rochester revealed a computer program that searches for the brain activity related to certain words and then use this to predict a sentence being thought, even it hasn’t seen it before. They said the system is able to get the predictions right around 70 per cent of the time. Dr Andrew Anderson, a research fellow at the University of Rochester who led the study, said the technology could be used to help people who have suffered from a stroke to communicate. The researchers, whose study was published in the journal Cerebral Cortex, used brain scans taken with functional magnetic resonance imaging from 14 participants as they silently read 240 unique sentences.",0
8359,"As China’s Growth Slows, Banks Feel the Strain of Bad Debt - The New York Times","HONG KONG  —   For Chinese banks, the decision to lend to companies like Bohai Steel was for years a  . Lenders took heart from its state backing, which appeared as solid as the millions of tons of steel pipes that rolled off its production lines each year. That ironclad image is now tarnished. Plunging demand and a worsening glut in production capacity have left Bohai Steel struggling to repay as much as $30 billion in debt. Worried creditors  —   more than 100 of them  —   are locked in negotiations with the company and local officials. China’s bad loans are on the rise, as companies that borrowed heavily in headier times struggle against a slowing Chinese economy. Underscoring the slowdown, China said on Friday that growth in the first three months of this year fell to 6. 7 percent, a   low. Growth might have been even slower, had China not revved up lending during the quarter  —   a solution that could add to debt problems later on. The stakes are high for banks and for the Communist Party, which ultimately controls wide swaths of China’s economy. China’s total local currency loans have more than tripled since the start of 2009, to 98. 6 trillion renminbi, or about $15 trillion, at the end of March, according to official Chinese figures from CEIC, a data provider. That is equal to 144 percent of China’s gross domestic product in the 12 months to the end of March  —   relatively high for China’s level of development, and still rising. In January, Goldman Sachs said other countries that experienced similar debt   faced either financial crises or prolonged slowdowns. Defaults tend not to pose a risk to individual Chinese banks because the government is perceived as standing behind them. But a chain of defaults could lead to a pullback in lending that could crimp China’s economic output, said Anne   a   of J Capital Research. “Companies that default are not individually all that important,” she said. “But if you allow them to default categorically, then you are sending a message that    type of debt can default, and people stop lending. ” Profit growth at China’s biggest   banks stalled in the first three months of the years as bad loans mounted. Bad loans as a share of their total portfolio remains low, at less than 2. 5 percent, but economists believe the figure understates the problem because banks often extend the payment dates for problem debt. Bohai Steel has not disclosed details of its debt, and it is unclear which banks might be affected. But it regularly did business with China’s biggest   banks, as well as local and regional banking groups also tied to the state. Since the beginning of this year, company executives have lobbied for more support from banks, as slowing growth and a property slump have reduced China’s demand for steel. In January it met with officials from China Bohai Bank, a lender that like Bohai Steel counts the city of Tianjin as a major shareholder. At the meeting, according to a statement from Bohai Steel, Yan Zesheng, general manager of Bohai Steel Group, said he hoped the bank would “continue to offer robust financial support” to the company. Over the years, the company stressed its ties to lenders including the Bank of China, Industrial Bank and Citic Bank, among others, according to statements on its website. In 2013, the company said, it received a roughly $4. 6 billion line of credit from Bank of China. A recent article in Caixin, a respected Chinese financial news outlet, said Bohai Steel’s 105 creditors included at least three local banks in Tianjin and Beijing that were each owed more than 10 billion renminbi. One of those lenders identified by Caixin, the Bank of Tianjin, raised nearly $1 billion in a Hong Kong public offering last month. The bank’s listing document did not mention Bohai Steel but said that nonperforming corporate loans  —   or loans that had gone sour  —   rose 46 percent between the end of 2014 and September of 2015, the most recent data available. It cited the Chinese economy and problems in the steel industry. Neither Bohai Steel nor the banks responded to requests for comment. Xu Zhongbo, a professor of metallurgy at the University of Science and Technology in Beijing, described the situation at Bohai Steel as one where “the banks are now hijacked by the company, and it will take magic to bring the company back. ” “Economically, it’s really hard to get the company back to life, but politically the government needs to support it,” Mr. Xu added. Other recent examples of corporate defaults in China offer, perhaps, less room for confidence. Dongbei Special Steel Group, based in the northeastern port city of Dalian, has defaulted on its bonds multiple times since its chairman, Yang Hua, was found hanged in his home last month. China Railway Materials, a supplier of construction materials to the railroad industry, became one of the first companies that is directly owned by the central government to run into debt trouble. The company suspended trading this month on more than $2 billion worth of bonds and said it would seek to restructure its debt. For China’s banking system, the coming months are almost certain to bring more defaults, bankruptcies and other debt problems, according to economists. “The low default rates that we have seen in recent years are perhaps too good to be true,” said Tao Wang, the   of Asia Economics at UBS. “The rise is natural considering the economic circumstances,” Ms. Wang said. The Bohai Steel case also demonstrates how China’s mountains of corporate debt extend beyond just traditional bank loans. One of the company’s main subsidiaries, Tianjin Steel, also sought to raise money from ordinary investors. Tianjin Steel sought to raise as much as $100 million in investments known in China as trust products, according to a review of the marketing materials for those investments. Trust products, which are often used by industries that have a hard time getting funding, are lightly regulated and difficult to track. National Trust, a trust company that issued some of these investment products on behalf of the steel maker, has said that some of the products have run into problems.",0
8360,Orioles CF Adam Jones’ Report of N-Word Taunts at Fenway Highlights Behavior Not Banned in Boston - Breitbart,"  Sox is the new   Sox —  just uglier. [Leave aside Manny Machado spiking Dustin Pedroia on a slide or Dylan Bundy nailing Mookie Betts with his fastest pitch of the night. The nastiness between the AL East rivals extended from the field to the stands Monday at Fenway Park.  “A disrespectful fan threw a bag of peanuts at me,’’ Orioles center fielder Adam Jones told USA Today after Baltimore’s victory that saw Machado   a homer and the Red Sox melt down in the field. “I was called the   a handful of times tonight. Thanks. Pretty awesome. ’’ Catering to a more Proper Bostonian crowd than Gillette Stadium, Fenway Park seems like an unlikely venue to hear   exploding. Does any fan, drunk or sober, really feel comfortable in that cramped “lyric little bandbox” singing off a racist sheet of music? It seems hard to believe but the Red Sox acknowledged the abuse with an apology. Marty Walsh, mayor of America’s second whitest major city, apologized as well. And it’s not as though nobody before Adam Jones complained about bigots in Boston. Earlier this year, for instance, Saturday Night Live performer Michael Che sparked a controversy by labeling the Bay State’s capital city “the most racist city I’ve ever been to. ” Professional athletes, from former Celtics guard Dee Brown taken at gunpoint by local cops mistaking him for a bank robber to Bruins fans barraging PK Subban with racist tweets, sometimes second that. About a decade ago, Gary Matthews Jr. called Fenway Park “one of the few places you’ll hear racial comments. ” Five years ago, Red Sox outfielder Carl Crawford, while on a rehab assignment for a   affiliate, complained of an   Massachusetts cop taunting him with the word “Monday,” which he took as a veiled racial insult. The Red Sox not only came in last in the race to racially integrate the major leagues, they honored the owner who blocked black players by naming a block outside of the park after him. The city’s   progressivism hides a parochial underbelly. At sporting events mistaken by the primitives as tribal meetings this ugly insular quality screeches as gratingly as, well, a racial insult at a ballgame. When citizens believe they live in the Athens of America, it’s not long before they behave like the Asses of America.",0
8361,Greil Marcus on Bob Dylan,"Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU",0
8362,Obama Operatives Direct Town Hall Disruptions Nationwide - Breitbart,"As members of Congress wind up their Easter break back in their districts, a website honoring former President Barack Obama is providing “progressives” with the information and tools they need to disrupt town hall meetings that lawmakers are holding over the remainder of this week. [Visitors to the townhallproject. com website can find everything from detailed information on each scheduled town hall meeting to how to make signs and even specific questions to ask to push the agenda on a range of talking points including: investigating President Donald Trump, Trump’s “starvation budget” on foreign policy, climate change, supporting illegal aliens, and LGBT rights.  By clicking on the “about” icon, the first thing that pops up is a quote from Obama’s farewell speech in Chicago on Jan. 10, 2017. “It falls to each of us to be those anxious, jealous guardians of our democracy to embrace the joyous task we’ve been given to continually try to improve this great nation of ours. Because for all our outward differences, we all share the same proud title:  Citizen,” Obama said. The website states: Town Hall Project empowers constituents across the country to have    conversations with their elected representatives. We are campaign veterans and first time volunteers. We come from a diversity of backgrounds and live across the country. We share progressive values and believe strongly in civic engagement. We research every district and state for public events with members of Congress. Then we share our findings to promote participation in the democratic process. The page also reveals the kind of progressives who are manning the town hall effort by naming its “sponsors,” including moveon. org and the Center for American Progress  —   the latter under direction from John Podesta, longtime Obama operative and Hillary Clinton campaign manager. The town hall website links to the websites of both organizations as well as the sponsoring “Indivisible” website, which features a video of Rachel Maddow on MSNBC reporting about the power of the town hall “movement. ” “If the Tea Party was able to take on a historically popular President Obama with a Democratic supermajority to slow and sometimes defeat his federal agenda, we can surely take on Donald Trump and the members of Congress who would do his bidding,” the Indivisible website states. All three of the sponsors of the Town Hall Project website offer instructions. On the Indivisible website, protesters are told: “Your job isn’t to convince your MoC (member of Congress) of anything. It is to create the political conditions necessary to force them into a new position —  or to replace them. This is a marathon, not a sprint and every mark against them will matter —  especially footage of them flailing in a town hall with you and your group. ” The moveon. org instructs protesters on “ ” lawmakers  —   “  is fun and easy!”  —   the website states.  How to bird dog successfully, states, in part: ● Arrive in advance. ○ You want to get a seat close to or in front of the stage or platform to make sure that you have the ability to ask a question and that your MoC can hear you. ○ If your group is protesting and is not invited in, make sure you find all the entrances and know where the parking lot is, if applicable, to try to map out the route your MoC will take in and out of the facility, to increase the chances that they see you. ● Don’t give yourself away. ○ Do not wear clothing or wave signs that will let people know that you are coming to   your MoC. You want to make sure that you have an opportunity to ask your questions. ● Know your MoC’s positions, • Study your MoC’s positions on your topic of issues. You want to make sure that they know that you know what you are talking about. Many times, in an attempt to dismiss and discredit, elected officials look for ways to make you seem less informed and thus not qualified to ask your question. However, it is your right as a constituent to ask your question, and being informed will make it harder for you to be dismissed. CAP’s “Recess toolbox” is entitled “Resist” and provides questions protesters should ask at town hall meetings:       • Will you call on President Trump to release his tax returns? We must know whether he’ll profit from the GOP’s tax reform plan. The long list of town halls promoted on the website totals 87 meetings this week for both Republican and Democrat lawmakers across the country. The website also encourages visitors who can’t go to a town hall in person to call their representative, and contact information for members of Congress is provided. “You have more power than you think,” the website states. “Town halls are one of the most effective ways to use it. ” ",0
8363,Cartoons Mightier Than Swords (VIDEO),"in: Civil Rights , Free Speech , Multimedia , Politics , Protestors & Activists , Special Interests This week political cartoonist Ben Garrison returns to the program to discuss the revival of his political visual commentary in the midst of the most tumultuous presidential campaign in recent history. Garrison also discusses his struggle with online trolls over the past several years, the broader war on free speech and political dissent, and how such phenomena are illustrated in the defamatory campaign against Canadian Professor Anthony Hall in October 2016 that led to the academic’s suspension from his university earlier this month. In a sea of homogeneity Ben Garrison’s trailblazing work offers a truly unique perspective on political and economic concerns. A longtime professional painter and freelance graphic artist, his first cartoons appeared in The San Angelo Standard Times in the early 1980s. Garrison has since been a graphic artist at the The San Antonio Express News and The Seattle Post-Intelligencer . In 2008 the big banks were bailed out, which served as Garrison’s wake-up call. The bailout marked the point where he felt he had to do something. Using his graphic art skills he wanted to ring alarm bells and so he became a citizen muckraker. CLICK HERE TO LISTEN In 2009 Garrison began drawing editorial cartoons that skewered the Federal Reserve and the growing police state in America. The Internet made it possible for his cartoons to be seen by millions all over the world. The Internet also made it possible for anonymous entities to deface his work, libel his name and make him into the most trolled cartoonist in the world. Garrison’s wife Tina Garrison is also a cartoonist and in 2010 they began the web site “ grrr.graphics.com .” It features a growling bulldog named “GRRR” who takes a bite out of tyranny. Their dog is doing the job as watchdog that the mainstream media now seems reluctant to do.",0
8364,November 3: Daily Contrarian Reads,"November 3: Daily Contrarian Reads   My daily contrarian reads for Thursday, November 3rd, 2016.  ",0
8365,Meteor Or Alien Ship? Mystery Surrounds Bright Green 'Orb' Spotted In Japan,"Meteor Or Alien Ship? Mystery Surrounds Bright Green 'Orb' Spotted In Japan # Grey 378 
A mysterious fireball darts across the predawn skies of Niigata Prefecture in northern Japan on October 31, 2016. Many people speculated the green light emitting body might have been a UFO while others said the object was a bright meteor or space debris burning up in the atmosphere. The event lasted for about 15 seconds and was captured by several cameras. Tags",0
8366,Blair Calls For Second Referendum To Reverse Brexit ‘Catastrophe’,"  Carol Adl in News , UK // 0 Comments 
Former prime minister Tony Blair suggested Britain should keep its “options open” over Brexit and that might mean a second referendum. 
During an interview with the BBC on Friday the former Labour leader said it may be a chance to reverse the Brexit “catastrophe”. 
However, the current PM Theresa May rejected Blair’s appeal for a Brexit rethink and insisted there would be no second running of the historic EU referendum. 
The Express reports: 
The former Labour leader argued the British people must be able to “change our minds” despite a majority voting for Brexit on June 23. 
Long-time europhile Mr Blair suggested Britain’s departure from the EU could be blocked “either through parliament, or through an election, possibly through another referendum”. 
He claimed recent talks with French president Francois Hollande had convinced him the “catastrophe” of Brexit would lead to “very, very tough” negotiations with the Brussels-based bloc. 
But Downing Street dismissed Mr Blair’s appeal for a Brexit rethink and insisted there would be no second running of the historic EU referendum. 
A Number 10 spokesman also brushed off concerns Mr Blair appeared to have been plotting with Mr Hollande. 
He said: “Tony Blair is entitled to put his views to whom he so chooses. 
“But what’s important is the PM has been absolutely clear – the British people have spoken, we are listening, we’re going to leave the European Union. 
“And not only has the PM been clear here but she’s also been clear when she’s met European leaders. 
“There will be no second referendum, Britain is leaving the EU.” 
Prime Minister Theresa May has repeatedly promised to lead Britain out of the EU, introduce controls on EU freedom of movement and end the meddling of EU judges on British laws. 
Despite more than 17million voters backing Brexit, Mr Blair has insisted he is not trying to ignore the will of the British people. 
He suggested as Brexit negotiations take place and “facts” come to light the British public’s wishes could “shift”. 
Earlier this month, Mr Blair hinted he could return to UK politics following his exile since quitting Downing Street.",0
8367,Death of Iran’s Rafsanjani Removes Influential Voice Against Hard-Liners - The New York Times,"TEHRAN  —   With the death of Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani on Sunday, Iran’s political factions knew immediately that any space by reformers to maneuver had just significantly decreased. Change had come, and it did not favor those seeking to turn Iran into a less revolutionary country with more tolerance and outreach to the West  —   especially the United States. Mr. Rafsanjani, a former president who helped found the Islamic republic, had been the one man too large to be sidelined by conservative  . Now he was suddenly gone, dead from what state media described as cardiac arrest  —   and with no one influential enough to fill his shoes. Iran’s   reformists and moderates, who would use Mr. Rafsanjani’s regular calls for more personal freedoms and requests to establish better relations with the United States to advance their political agendas, suddenly felt exposed and weakened. Who would now warn publicly against “Islamic fascism,” when the   sought to influence elections? Who would state openly that there should be a nuclear compromise? Mr. Rafsanjani said things others would not dare to say, all agreed, and his voice had at least created some tolerance for debates. “  will be happy, but this is the start of a period of anxiety for many,” said Fazel Meybodi, a cleric from the holy city Qum who supports reforms in Iran. “His death disturbs the fragile balance we had in Iran. ” There simply are no replacements for Mr. Rafsanjani, analysts from all factions say. His death also reflects the dwindling number of leaders from the generation that overthrew the shah nearly four decades ago. Most are now in their 80s or even older. “It is a very powerful reminder that Iran is at the beginning of a major leadership transition that will play a very psychological role in Iran’s politics,” said Vali R. Nasr, a Middle East scholar who is dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies. “I think this in some ways rattles Iran’s political system, in that it underscores the fact that with everything else going on  —   Syria, the nuclear deal  —   there will be a passing of the baton to the next generation,” Mr. Nasr said. Two of Mr. Rafsanjani’s most important protégés  —   Hassan Rouhani, the current president, and Mohammad Khatami, a former president  —   both owe their political careers to him. But Mr. Rouhani, up for   this year, is fighting for his political life. Mr. Khatami, who has been sidelined by conservative adversaries for years, is now even weaker. Mr. Rouhani managed to create a coalition to win the elections in 2013, with Mr. Rafsanjani’s support. Having successfully negotiated a nuclear agreement with the United States and other big powers, partly from encouragement by Mr. Rafsanjani, Mr. Rouhani promised a bright economic future for Iran  —   which has yet to happen. With the demise of his mentor and protector, Iran’s president will find it hard to gather the same level of support he received four years ago with the backing of Mr. Rafsanjani, analysts say. “He was a very powerful figure for Mr. Rouhani to rely upon,” said Mohammad Marandi, a professor at Tehran University who is close to Iran’s leaders. “Many worked with him because of that support. The passing of Mr. Rafsanjani complicates the president’s position and makes his   less certain. ” Mr. Khatami won presidential elections in 1997 after having received Mr. Rafsanjani’s support, and led Iran through an era of greater personal freedoms and Western outreach that was quashed by unelected,   centers of power. “It is Mr. Khatami who should take on the burden of the late Ayatollah Hashemi Rafsanjani’s responsibility,” said Mohammadreza Shamsolvaezin, a former reformist politician and activist. But Mr. Khatami is all but paralyzed politically. The    judiciary has ordered all Iranian media not to carry his picture or even quote his website. Besides appearances at theater plays, religious gatherings and art exhibitions, Mr. Khatami has remained silent. Mr. Rafsanjani could speak more freely than others, not only because of his revolutionary credentials, but also because of his friendship with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, whom he helped become supreme leader in 1989. Ayatollah Khamenei, who has skillfully played all Iranian factions, would never go as far as to completely isolate Mr. Rafsanjani, even when he supported protests that followed the disputed 2009 presidential election. While the presidential candidates Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi were placed under house arrest in 2011 for their criticisms, Mr. Rafsanjani was stripped of several functions but never purged. In a statement, Ayatollah Khamenei lamented the passing of Mr. Rafsanjani. Still, it was clear to many that Ayatollah Khamenei regarded him not only as a friend but a rival, whose absence could now make the role of supreme leader even more powerful. “The loss of a comrade and ally, with whom I share a friendship that dates back to 59 years ago, is difficult and ” said a statement posted on Ayatollah Khamenei’s website on Sunday. He also referred obliquely to their disagreements. “Differences in views and interpretations of Islamic law in various points of this long time could never break the friendship,” the statement said. “After him, I cannot think of anyone with whom I share such long history and experience along the highs and lows of historical moments. ”   joined in on the mourning, giving public statements of condolence, but with the realization that the political wind in Iran would now blow even more in their favor. For them Mr. Rafsanjani had been a wild card, who could evoke rulings from the founder of the Islamic republic, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, that would oppose their rigid narrative of isolation and  . Mr. Rafsanjani was especially dangerous, they said, because of his conviction that Iran had changed and that establishing relations with the United States was the only way to secure the future of the Islamic republic. Mr. Rafsanjani also had cordial ties with the leaders of Saudi Arabia, Iran’s principal rival in the Middle East, who share a mutual hostility with Ayatollah Khamenei.   also have faulted Mr. Rafsanjani for having founded a chain of affordable universities during the reconstruction that followed the     war. Some conservatives now blame these schools for having helped sow what they regard as the dangerous modernist aspirations of Iran’s middle class. Many conservatives in Iran also suspected Mr. Rafsanjani of having used his contacts to undercut Ayatollah Khamenei on issues where Ayatollah Khamenei would choose ideology over diplomacy. Mr. Rafsanjani preferred pragmatism and change to keep the ruling system in power. “The invisible hands of the late Ali Akbar Rafsanjani are gone,” said Hamidreza Taraghi, a   political analyst who has close relations with many of Iran’s top leaders. “This means an end to secret meetings by reformists and moderates seeking closer ties with America from now on we can make decisions much easier and with more coordination. ”",0
8368,German Minister Pledges to Protect Families... from Social Media Posts About Migrant Rapes - Breitbart,"Families minister Manuela Schwesig has pledged to do more to protect children in Germany from right wing “hipsters” who post messages about migrant criminality on social media. [The Social Democratic Party (SPD) minister was speaking at a press conference last week at which youth protection website Jugendschutz. net said “right wing extremists” are using rap music and social media trends to “spread hate against refugees, Muslims and other minorities”.  “Right wing extremists are using stylish memes and videos to convey their messages,” said the website’s deputy director Stefan Glaser. Speaking in Berlin he warned that “false messages are being launched in a targeted manner to fuel hate” and said activists are posting “false messages” intended to “spread hate” in between “photographs of strawberry and muesli” and other apolitical content. A common tactic of the new wave of   right wing extremists, whom Glaser calls “nipsters”  —   a portmanteau of the words ‘Nazi’ and ‘hipster’ is posting on social media about “the supposed criminality of refugees”. According to Glaser, this typically involves taking messages ‘such as press releases from the police’ out of context to post about “sex jihadists” and “mass rape by Islamists” on Facebook. Jugendschutz. net also warned “the identitarian movement is packaging its propaganda in cool   songs” highlighting ‘Komplott’ a rapper who says that mass migration poses a threat to Europe. Condemning the youth protection website’s findings, Schwesig pledged to expand “media competence” programmes which the chairman of the Federal Centre for Civic Education says teach “young people to recognise fake news, oppose incitement, and show solidarity with victims of hatred”. The minister for family affairs also called for stronger laws to be put in place to ensure that social media companies like Facebook delete   hate posts more quickly, “with no ifs or buts”. Jugendschutz. net reports that in 2016 it found 1, 678 examples of “far right content that poses a threat the development of children and adolescents” 94 per cent of which were found on Facebook, YouTube and Twitter. The organisation was able to get offending content either removed, or access to the material blocked in Germany, in more than 80 per cent of cases after reporting it.",0
8369,Is ‘Empathy’ Really What the Nation Needs? - The New York Times,"Two days after Donald Trump was elected president, Mark Zuckerberg, chief executive of Facebook, sat onstage at a   outside San Francisco and spoke of his deep understanding of the feelings of American voters. He was appearing at Techonomy’s annual retreat, a meeting of thought leaders in the worlds of technology, government, academia and business, and he was responding to a common criticism  —   the notion that Trump’s unconventional path to victory had benefited from a detour through Facebook, where a “filter bubble” distorts the flow of information and fake news stories loom large. “There is a certain profound lack of empathy,” he said, “in asserting that the only reason why someone could have voted the way they did is because they saw some fake news. If you believe that, then I don’t think you have internalized the message that Trump supporters are trying to send in this election. ” When asked to articulate that message, he dodged the question. “Empathy” is one of Facebook’s   favorite buzzwords. For years, Zuckerberg has hopped from conference to conference in a selection of muted hoodies and   delivering variations on the same pitch. “More people are using Facebook to share more stuff,” he said in 2010. “That means that if we want, there’s more out there that we can go look at and research and understand what’s going on with the people around us. And I just think that leads to broader empathy, understanding  —   just a lot of good, core, human things that make society function better. ” If you think Facebook may have had a hand in tipping popular opinion toward Trump, Zuckerberg seemed to suggest at the Ritz, then something was wrong with you  —   something that could be fixed by spending more time on Facebook. He is not the only one shopping empathy as a cure for what ails us. In recent months, the Inspired Life blog of The Washington Post suggested “empathy for Trump voters. ” In a Times   article, Glenn Beck wrote, “Wouldn’t we all benefit from trying to empathize with people we disagree with?” It all feels like a bit of a throwback: Just as many of our modern, scientific mechanisms for gauging the national mood  —   things like   polling and data journalism  —   failed to predict Trump’s victory, there has been a call for Americans to reach out and touch one another more directly. But there is a curiously strategic underpinning to these calls for empathy, too. Empathy, after all, is not sympathy. Sympathy encourages a close affinity with other people: You feel their pain. Empathy suggests something more technical  —   a dispassionate approach to understanding the emotions of others. And these days, it often seems to mean understanding their pain just enough to get something out of it  —   to manipulate political, technological and consumerist outcomes in our own favor. “Empathy” first arose to explain our relationship to objects, not to other human beings. The word comes from the German einfühlung (ein for “in” and fühlung for “feeling”) a concept in   aesthetics. Einfühlung described the act of “feeling into” art and nature, or projecting yourself into an aesthetic object. Soon “empathy” came to describe how human beings related to one another as objects: Like modern neuroscience, it looked for the roots of human emotions in “the material body and the interworking of its parts,” in the study of “muscles and nerves. ” This turn toward “empathy” let people cast off the cultural baggage of “sympathy,” a word suddenly seen as soaked in sentimentality, tied up with ideas of Christian virtue, moral obligation and pity. The Indiana University professor Rae Greiner, author of a book about sympathy in   fiction, has written that by the dawn of the 20th century, “sympathy seemed to belong to the Victorians, empathy to us. ” A century later, the rise of social networking means our interactions are once again mediated through our relationship with objects. The theorist Marshall McLuhan once assumed this computerization of culture would lead to a rise in empathetic connection. “The aspiration of our time for wholeness, empathy and depth of awareness is a natural adjunct of electric technology,” he wrote in “Understanding Media,” published in 1964 the computer promised a “Pentecostal condition of universal understanding and unity. ” But it wound up offering something else too: a convenient alternative to costly, messy interactions with human beings. What social networks like Facebook really offer is empathy in the aggregate  —   an illusion of having captured the mood of entire families and friend networks from a safe, neutral distance. Then they turn around and offer advertisers a read on more than a billion users at once. Buzz Andersen  —   a tech veteran who has worked for Apple, Tumblr and Square  —   told me that in Silicon Valley, “empathy is basically a more   way of saying ‘market research. ’’u2009” And in a marketplace, you’re not trying to understand other people out of altruism or moral responsibility you’re doing it out of  . In the days after the election, many commenters chafed at the idea that they ought to perform the work of empathizing with Trump’s supporters. Shouldn’t they  —   the people who elected him  —   try a little empathy for the lives that stand to be crushed by his policies? The market’s answer to this question is “no. ” There is no movement for   Americans to be more empathetic because they won. The nation has already bought what they were selling. The call for   to cultivate empathy isn’t about finding instructive truths in others’ worldviews it’s about understanding their motivations well enough to persuade them to vote differently. Empathy is naturally irrational, cautions the Yale psychology professor Paul Bloom, author of a new book titled “Against Empathy: The Case for Rational Compassion. ” It’s more likely to activate in the face of one sad story than on the scale of widespread human tragedy. It’s manipulative too: Directing a crowd’s empathy toward one victim can cultivate anger and aggression toward other targets, even if they’re not responsible for the victim’s suffering. In a case like Zuckerberg’s, empathy can be a strategy for avoiding responsibility. On a recent rainy day, I left my office to see empathy leveraged in yet another way. Upworthy, a purveyor of   viral content, had constructed a   “empathy lab” in a nearby park. A black curtain was pulled around a chair and a computer outfitted with software that could map the face at 500 points and analyze its emotional expressions. Participants watched a video  —   in my case, a short clip about a young boy with Down syndrome. Outside, a crowd watched a Jumbotron, on which squiggly lines tracked the participant’s empathetic expressions against the average reaction. At the video’s conclusion, an “empathy score” flashed on the screen. Upworthy is invested in empathy because it has found that emotionally engaging content shares well on Facebook  —   but also, its reps say, because it can prompt   action. Upworthy’s business model relies mainly on the former. Shortly after I arrived, a woman emerged from behind the curtain to spontaneous applause. She had received an empathy rating of 98  —   the day’s high score. It was an odd image, like Facebook projected into real life: A woman lauded for sitting alone, watching a video. In the Victorian era, some critics worried that moralistic novels would channel people’s sympathy into books instead of out into the world. Facebook takes it a step further, rerouting our attempts at empathetic connection back at us. When we reach out to one another, we’re often just feeling ourselves.",0
8371,"Raising 2 Young Children by Herself, in a Space That Feels Not Big Enough - The New York Times","In her cramped apartment in Upper Manhattan, Paola Infante cooked chicken and rice on a gas stove, stirring the meal as she kept an eye on her daughter, Geraliz, racing around the room. Each time the girl came near the flames and kitchen knives, Ms. Infante used her body to gently push her away. Geraliz, who is 4 and has autism, eventually distracted herself watching children’s shows on a   iPad. For the moment, the possibility that she might get hurt had passed. “So much nervousness,” Ms. Infante, 27, said in Spanish. “I wish for a bigger apartment with all of my soul. A separate kitchen, this is all I need. ” She added, “There’s been a lot of breaks and spills. ” Almost every surface in the small   apartment doubles as a space for something else: pots and pans on top of magazines, children’s toys atop cleaning supplies and food wrappers. With no formal kitchen area, a gas stove, a refrigerator and cabinets line the      living room’s back wall. Ms. Infante, who immigrated from the Dominican Republic, is raising Geraliz and her    son, Joshua, by herself. Geraliz communicates in screeches and tugs at her mother. Joshua was born with a deformed heart, but will not be healthy enough for   surgery until he turns 1 in April. Ms. Infante said the children’s father, her former boyfriend, had moved out because he did not feel that he could cope with the challenges involved in raising Geraliz. “He couldn’t handle it emotionally,” she said as she sat in one of the apartment’s only chairs, a tiny seat for her children. “It was too much for him to accept. ” During the day, Ms. Infante works as a cashier at a Key Food grocery store, earning $800 a month and struggling because of her limited ability to speak English to earn a promotion. She said she did not want to depend on public assistance but had to, collecting about $1, 050 a month combined in food stamps and disability benefits. At night, almost everything is a chore. While she prepares dinner or cleans the apartment, she tries to distract Geraliz with the iPad while hoping that Joshua does not start to cry. Doing the laundry meant lugging the dirty clothes to a laundromat two blocks away with the children in tow. To save money on drying, she would carry the wet clothes back to her     and hang them on a line in the hallway leading into the apartment. That cumbersome task was recently made easier. Catholic Charities Archdiocese of New York, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times’s Neediest Cases Fund, gave her $350 toward a $800 washing machine and helped to have it installed in her apartment. Ms. Infante still   the clothes. It has also become less stressful to make sure that her children are safe while she is at work. Catholic Charities guided Ms. Infante to enroll Geraliz at the Kennedy Child Study Center, an affiliate agency that provides free services for children with developmental challenges. Ms. Infante said her daughter was getting better at communicating and, with the help of workers at the center, had learned how to grab ahold of her when she needed attention. The center also helped Ms. Infante enroll in English classes at the City College of New York, which start in February. She said she wanted to earn a bachelor’s degree in childhood education and get a job as a teacher within five years. For those plans to work out, she will need to find a babysitter for Joshua by the time classes begin. The center is also helping her make those arrangements. Ms. Infante said that her former boyfriend was still around. He lives in a separate apartment in Upper Manhattan, works at another grocery store and pays the rent on Ms. Infante’s place. He visits the children “once or twice a week” at their apartment, she said, but she is not ready to welcome him back full time. “I don’t need anyone or anything,” she said, rising quickly to stir the rice and check on the chicken. “I’m fine. What I need is a separate kitchen so I can cook without worrying about the kids. ”",0
8373,Central Bank: Russia’s moving up in Doing Business rating as good sign,"business , russia , ranking 
The Central Bank sees Russia’s moving up in the Doing Business rating as a good sign, Deputy CEO of the Central Bank Vladimir Chistyukhin told reporters. 
""That is a very significant leap and a very positive sign for us. It shows that the efforts we made in many fields, in particular in corporate management were not in vain,"" he said. 
Earlier this week it was reported that Russia moved up to the 40th position in the Doing Business-2017 rating, which is annually prepared by the World Bank. 
In 2012, Russia ranked 124th in that rating. 
In his May decrees issued in 2012 President Vladimir Putin set the task for the country to reach the 20th position in the rating of the World Bank by 2018. 
In 2016, Russia was on the 51st place in the Doing Business rating. 
However the methods of calculation of the World Bank’s rating changed earlier this year. Taking into account these changes Russia could have been on the 36th place already in 2015. 
First published by TASS .",0
8374,Trump Turns Staid Process Into Spectacle as Aspirants Parade to His Door - The New York Times,"BEDMINSTER, N. J.  —     Donald J. Trump has turned the vital, but normally inscrutable, process of forming a government into a      spectacle, parading his finalists for top administration positions this weekend before reporters and the world. The two days unfolded like a pageant, with the many   officials striding up the circular driveway at Trump National Golf Club here, meeting Mr. Trump below three glass chandeliers at the entrance and shaking hands while facing the cameras. To build suspense, Mr. Trump offered teasing hints about coming announcements. “I think so,” he said about whether he would make any appointments on Sunday. “I think so. It could very well happen. ” Among the contenders he met with was James N. Mattis, a   retired Marine Corps general. He appears  —   according to Mr. Trump’s own words on Twitter  —   to be the leading candidate for defense secretary. Outside the club’s   farmhouse on Saturday, the   poked a finger in General Mattis’s direction and called him “a great man. ” The next morning, at 8:39, Mr. Trump gushed again, this time on Twitter, calling him “very impressive” and saying he was “a true general’s general!” Perhaps by design, the roster of figures arriving at the club was difficult to pigeonhole: There were loyalists (Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York mayor) former adversaries (Mitt Romney, who once called Mr. Trump a “phony”) Democrats (Michelle A. Rhee, the former schools chief in Washington) and scientists (Patrick   a billionaire cancer doctor). But despite that appearance of diversity, Mr. Trump’s choices so far for national security posts seem to show a preference for older white men with similar   views on immigration, the military and terrorism. Most of the leading candidates for other jobs appear to be white men, as well, including Mr. Giuliani, whose own business activities have faced scrutiny. If he is nominated as secretary of state, Mr. Giuliani would face questions over his security firm’s ties to the government of Qatar and the speeches he gave to an Iranian exile opposition group that until 2012 was on the State Department’s list of foreign terrorist organizations. Asked whether he was concerned about Mr. Giuliani’s business dealings, Mr. Trump said, “No, not at all. ” Mr. Trump, as he used his golf resort as the backdrop for his official activities, gave no indication that he was concerned about news reports over the weekend that he had held meetings last week with three Indian business partners even as he was starting to assemble his administration. The very public process  —   CNN trained a camera on the golf club’s wooden front door throughout the day on Sunday  —   has borne few similarities to attempts by Mr. Trump’s predecessors to project an image of careful, private vetting of   hopefuls. Officials running President Obama’s transition in late 2008 took pains to keep under wraps his plans to select Hillary Clinton for secretary of state, and they orchestrated a secret meeting at the firehouse at Reagan National Airport to discuss keeping Robert M. Gates as defense secretary. But for Mr. Trump and his aides, many of whom have long rejected the capital’s customs, such traditions are best discarded. “This has been a year and election cycle where the normal conventions and past history has been challenged,” said Kevin Madden, a Republican strategist whose longtime boss, Mr. Romney, discussed the secretary of state post with Mr. Trump. “Why would the transition and the first few months of the administration be any different?” Mr. Madden said. “Trump does things Trump’s way. ” After each interview, Mr. Trump, dressed in a suit and tie, emerged from the club next to an American flag to see the candidates off to their   vehicles and once again speak with reporters. “Tremendous talent  —   we’re seeing tremendous talent,” Mr. Trump said on Saturday. “People that, as I say, we will ‘make America great again.’ These are really great people. These are really, really talented people. ” By the evening, however, Mr. Trump had announced no appointments, leaving reporters waiting on the cold, gusty day to speculate about Mr. Trump’s brief comments. “We made a couple of deals,” he said as his weekend of interviews drew to a close. Mr. Giuliani is apparently in competition with several others for the secretary of state position, including David H. Petraeus, the retired   general who served as Mr. Obama’s C. I. A. director before leaving amid revelations that he had provided classified information to a woman with whom he was having an affair. Mr. Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee and one of Mr. Trump’s fiercest critics during the 2016 campaign, met with the   on Saturday. If he becomes secretary of state, he could be a moderating influence on the   Mr. Trump has chosen for attorney general, national security adviser and C. I. A. director. “I can say that Governor Romney is under active and serious consideration to serve as secretary of state of the United States,” Vice   Mike Pence said Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation” program. Mr. Trump’s consideration of General Mattis, who is widely respected throughout the military, could also signal an effort to ease concerns among members of the Washington establishment about the shape of his cabinet. General Mattis, who led the First Marine Division during the 2003 invasion of Iraq to topple Saddam Hussein, later commanded American troops during the   battle to retake Falluja from Sunni insurgents in 2004. But his argument for a tougher military posture against Iran at times clashed with the views of Mr. Obama and his national security team. General Mattis, who would be the first former ranking general to become defense secretary since George Marshall in the early 1950s, would need a congressional waiver to take office because federal law stipulates that the Pentagon chief be out of uniform for seven years. General Mattis retired from the Marines in 2013. As Mr. Trump moves to complete his national security team, he may soon turn his attention to domestic affairs. Aides have said members of the transition effort’s economic and domestic policy teams will fan out to meet with agency officials starting on Monday. Mr. Obama, asked Sunday at a summit meeting in Lima, Peru, about stances Mr. Trump has taken that align with the views of his nascent national security team, said: “I can’t guarantee that the   won’t pursue some of the positions that he’s taken. But what I can guarantee is that reality will force him to adjust how he approaches many of these issues. That’s just the way this office works. ” Mr. Trump also continued his practice of   bursts on Twitter this weekend. Before attending church with Mr. Pence, Mr. Trump condemned the cast of “Hamilton” for its onstage appeal on Friday night to the vice    —   who was in the audience  —   to uphold the rights of a “diverse America. ” “The cast and producers of ‘Hamilton,’ which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior,” Mr. Trump wrote. In another Twitter post, the   expressed his disapproval of “Saturday Night Live,” calling it a “totally   biased show  —   nothing funny at all. ” Mr. Trump was portrayed on the show as being overwhelmed by the prospect of being president. Even as Mr. Trump bemoaned the actions of the cast of “Hamilton,” a smash hit on Broadway, Mr. Pence said on Sunday morning that he was not offended or bothered. In an appearance on “Fox News Sunday,” Mr. Pence said he would “leave it to others” to decide whether the theater was an appropriate place for a political message. “‘Hamilton’ is just an incredible production and just incredibly talented people,” Mr. Pence said. “It was a real joy to be there. ”",0
8375,Putin awards Emir Kusturica with Order of Friendship,"Putin awards Emir Kusturica with Order of Friendship 27 October 2016 TASS Kusturica has been given many awards for his activities. Facebook putin , serbia , award 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has awarded a number of cultural workers with Orders and Medals, one of them being Serbian movie director Emir Kusturica. The related decree was published on the official legal information website on Thursday. 
""Emir Kusturica, director of the Rasta International production company, citizen of the Republic of Serbia, is being awarded with the Order of Friendship for his significant contribution to promoting friendship and cooperation between peoples, preserving and promoting the Russian language and culture in foreign countries,"" the presidential decree says. 
Emir Kusturica was born on November 24, 1954 in Sarajevo, former Yugoslavia. He initiated the International the Kustendorf International Film and Music Festival and a short documentaries festival in Visegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 2005, he was President of the Cannes Film Festival Jury, in 2011 he presided over the jury of the Un Certain Regard section of the Cannes Film Festival official selection. 
Kusturica has been given many awards for his activities, including the Order of Arts and Literature (France, 2007), Order of the Legion of Honor (France, 2011), Order of St. Sava (Serbian Orthodox Church, 2012), Order of St. King Milutin (Serbian Orthodox Church, 2014), Order of St. Stephen (Serbian Orthodox Church, 2016). In 2009, he received the Unity of Orthodox Nations International Foundation Award. 
First published by TASS .",0
8376,"Sweden Truck Terrorist ‘Supported Islamic State’, Explosives Found","Four men have been arrested after the truck attack in Sweden, with one thought to be a supporter of the Islamic State terror group. Explosives were reportedly found in the vehicle and children targeted. [Three men were seen running from the beer truck on Friday, which injured 15 and killed at least four, after ramming pedestrians and smashing into Stockholm’s largest shopping centre.  Investigating officers found explosives in the hijacked truck, Swedish television claimed on Saturday morning, citing multiple unnamed police sources. According to one eyewitness, speaking to Reuters, the truck was deliberately steered towards people and could have intentionally targeted children. “I turned around and saw a big truck coming towards me. It swerved from side to side. It didn’t look out of control. It was trying to hit people,” said Glen Foran, an Australian tourist in his 40s. “It hit people it was terrible. It hit a pram with a kid in it, demolished it,” he said. “It took a long time for police to get here. I suppose from their view it was quick, but it felt like forever. ” A       was arrested in the northern suburb of Marsta later that night, Aftonbladet reports. Police said he was from Uzbekistan and he reported confessed to involvement in the attack. According to the Swedish newspaper, he had posted Islamic State propaganda on Facebook and liked pictures of casualties after the terrorist attack on the Boston Marathon in 2013. Heavily armed police detained a second man at around 11 pm in the Stockholm suburb of Hjulsta, Expressen reports. The man, who appeared younger, was handcuffed and taken away in a police car. According to Swedish television, the two arrested men are linked. “There were about 15 police cars at the scene. There was a specialist terrorist SWAT team and sniffer dogs” Janne Akkeson, a photographer who witnessed the sting explained. Another two people were brought in for questioning, police said in a statement, but “are currently not suspected of any crime. ”",0
8377,Piers Morgan: Streep’s Speech Was ’Worst Performance’ of Career,"Piers Morgan sharply criticized Meryl Streep’s   Trump Lifetime Achievement Award acceptance speech at the Golden Globes Sunday night, calling it “hypocritical” and “the worst performance of her career. ”[Morgan writes in the Daily Mail:  Last night, Streep received a Lifetime Achievement award at the Golden Globes, and chose the moment to launch a very personal attack on Donald Trump. She began by saying that Hollywood, foreigners and the press are ‘the most vilified segments of American society right now’. At which point the cameras panned out to hundreds of the richest, most privileged people in American society sitting in the audience in their $10, 000 tuxedos and $20, 000 dresses, loudly cheering this acknowledgement of their dreadful victimhood. She then said that if all the ‘outsiders and foreigners’ were kicked out of Hollywood, ‘you’ll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts, which are not the arts.’ Wow. I haven’t heard such elitist snobbery since Hillary Clinton branded Trump supporters ‘a basket of deplorables’.   …     But putting all that to one side for a moment  —   and if Trump WAS mocking a man’s disability then I agree it was disgraceful  —   let’s move to what Streep said next: ‘Disrespect invites disrespect. Violence incites violence. When the powerful use their position to bully others, we all lose.’ At this point, I laughed out loud with incredulity. Not at the words themselves, which are laudable. No, it was at the hypocrisy. You’d be   to find an industry that encourages more disrespect and violence than Hollywood.   …     Read Morgan’s full column at the Daily Mail.",0
8378,Populism Is a Magnificent Strategy for Liberty,"Mises.org October 28, 2016 
A recent op-ed piece in The New York Times urged the Republican Party not to “throw away free enterprise” and embrace populism. Arthur C. Brooks, the author of the article, makes two bold but erroneous claims. First, he asserts that populist moments throughout history — including the Trumpian moment in the US — are triggered by severe financial crises that result in protracted and uneven recoveries that exacerbate existing income and wealth disparities. 
In resorting to naïve economic determinism to explain populism, Brooks completely overlooks the awakening of the broad American middle class to political institutions and policies that have been designed by the entrenched elites of both parties to oppress and plunder them. The never-ending and immensely costly war against “terror;” the Federal bailout of multi-billion dollar financial institutions both domestically and abroad; the ineffective and grossly expensive war on drugs; the pandemic of political correctness unleashed by Federal mandates and regulations that has infected American colleges and universities, and the egregious and unrestrained spying on American citizens by the bloated US security apparatus. All of these issues seem to count for nothing in Brooks’s simplistic analysis. For Brooks, “The real issue is weak, unevenly shared growth.” Brooks’s attribution of the rise of populism in the US and elsewhere almost exclusively to increasing income and wealth inequality is not only peculiar but absurd on the face of it and I will refrain from further comment on it. 
The second claim that Brooks makes is more commonly accepted and is fervently promoted by the mainstream media, and academics and political analysts of the “responsible” left and right. This claim is that populism comprises specific ideological positions and policies. Thus, Brooks refers to “populist positions on issues such as trade and immigration” and to “populists who specialize in identifying culprits: rich elites who are ripping you off; immigrants who want your job; a free trade that’s killing our nation’s competitiveness.” According to Brooks, populist policies thus “involve some combination of increased redistribution, protectionism, and restrictionism.” In other words, on economic issues at least, populism is the polar opposite of classical liberalism and libertarianism. 
Left-wing and Right-wing Populists 
But nothing could be further from the truth. For populism is not a right-wing ideology but a strategy that may be used by any ideological group whose political agenda differs radically from that of the ruling class. Surely, Brooks has heard of left-wing populists such as Juan and Eva Perón, Huey Long, the “Radio Priest” Father Charles Coughlin, Fidel Castro, and Hugo Chávez. And what about classical-liberal and libertarian populists such as Thomas Paine and Samuel Adams, Richard Cobden and John Bright, and more recently, Dr. Ron Paul? Lately, we have seen the dramatic rise in popularity of the populist Pirate Party in Iceland , which may win the next election and whose membership is ideologically diffuse and comprises libertarians, hackers, Web geeks, and anti-globalist anarchists. 
Although populism may be either ideologically left or right, libertarian or statist, it is always hated and feared by the political center. The reason is that the center is occupied by those individuals and groups comprising the “moderate” left wing and right wing who are allies in defending the political status quo and take turns ruling and operating the levers of power to distribute privilege and wealth to themselves and their cronies. 
What Populists Stand For 
Regardless of ideological bent, populist thinkers and movement builders take to heart, at least implicitly, the profound insight of great political theorists from La Boétie and David Hume to Mises and Rothbard that there is no such thing as an unpopular government. They thus set about exposing the moderates who run the State apparatus as a powerful and wealthy elite whose interests are inherently opposed to those of the masses of productive workers and entrepreneurs. In order to grab the attention of people who are not yet fully conscious that they are being exploited — or in Marxian terms, to help them develop a class consciousness — it is only natural that populist leaders employ extreme, emotional, and embittered rhetoric. Such inflammatory rhetoric is especially necessary for the US today and most European countries where the mainstream media, while ostensibly free, operate as a privileged mouthpiece for government and spew non-stop propaganda designed to camouflage State exploitation of the productive class and to discredit dissenting political movements. 
Harsh and extreme populist rhetoric, such as that used by Donald Trump, strikes a responsive chord among the US electorate, but not because Americans are subject to irrational bouts of envy, xenophobia, and insecurity brought on by crises and recessions, as Brooks would have us believe. Rather, Americans are being awakened to the cold, hard fact that they have been plundered and oppressed by the “moderate” American globalist political establishment since World War Two. What Rothbard said about the populist French Poujadist movement of the early 1950s applies to the US and other interventionist democratic states today: 
[T]here’s a lot to be bitter about: crushingly high taxes on businesses and individuals, submergence of national sovereignty in international organizations and alliances, fumbling and incompetent government, endless fighting in colonial wars. Especially taxes. 
A final point: once it has penetrated into the public discourse, populism — precisely because it is the only effective political strategy for radical political change — will not wither away as a result of a few more percentage points of “evenly distributed” economic growth. Trump’s threat to contest the election, Brexit, the continuing growth of right-wing populist movements throughout Europe, all attest to the fact that populism is here to stay. This should be cause for celebration among the libertarians who for the first time since its inception in the mid-1960s have at their disposal an effective strategy for rolling back the US welfare-warfare State. 
Note: The views expressed on Mises.org are not necessarily those of the Mises Institute. The Best of Joseph T. Salerno Tags: Joseph Salerno [ ] is academic vice president of the Mises Institute , chairman of the graduate program in economics at Pace University, and editor of the Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics .",0
8379,From Higher Ed to Political Indoctrination,"Go to Article 
Parents who plan on refinancing their homes in order to send their children off to college should instead consider encouraging them to specialize in a trade. 
Speaking as a Ph.D. in philosophy who has spent the last 17 years teaching at the college level, I’m perhaps the last person from whom advice of this sort is expected. But it is precisely because of my familiarity with academia that I beseech the college bound and their enablers—I mean their supporters—to revisit their plans. 
Whether one regards a post-secondary institution as a means to either a remunerative profession or a genuine education, the tragic fact of the matter is that the contemporary academic world is about as politicized a cultural institution as any. More specifically, it is a bastion of Political Correctness, a decidedly leftist ideology that tolerates no competition. 
For the last 11 years, Professor Duke Pesta, who is currently an associate professor of English at the University of Wisconsin Oshkosh, has taught literature at a range of colleges. At the outset of each semester, he would quiz his students on their knowledge of American and Western history. What he found is that the “overwhelming” number of them believed that slavery—an institution, mind you, that is as old as humanity itself, was practiced in virtually every society the planet over, and that lasted only some 87 years in the United States— was an exclusively American phenomenon . 
“Most of my students could not tell me anything meaningful about slavery outside of America,” Pesta told The College Fix. His students “are convinced that slavery was an American problem that more or less ended with the Civil War and they are very fuzzy about slavery prior to the Colonial era.” 
“Their entire education about slavery,” he adds, “was confined to America.” 
Yet it isn’t just students who display an astonishing ignorance of slavery. Over at Boston University, Saida Grundy , an Assistant Professor of sociology and African-American Studies, tweeted that slavery is “a white people…thing.” 
Grundy didn’t stop there. She asks: “is white people’s new deflection from dealing with slavery that ‘all races have had slaves’ thing? is this the new ‘#AllLivesMatter’?” 
Professor Grundy added other enlightening tweets: 
“for the record, NO race outside of Europeans had a system that made slavery a *personhood* instead of temporary condition; 
“there is also no race except Europeans who kidnapped and transported human beings in order to enslave them and their offspring for life; 
“before Europeans invented it as such, slavery was not a condition that was de facto inherited from parent to child.” 
In case white folks couldn’t follow the thrust of her rant, Grundy offers a summation of her sophisticated position: 
“in other words, deal with your white sh*t, white people. slavery is a *YALL* thing.” 
In addition to assigning blame for slavery solely to white Europeans, Grundy claimed that “white masculinity” is “THE problem for america’s colleges.” 
Over at the University of Pittsburgh, students who were distributing pro-Donald Trump materials were harassed and attacked . The Trump supporters were accused of backing a “racist” candidate who espouses “hate speech.” They were greeted by chants of “f**k the white male patriarchy” and, eventually, physical aggression. 
One of the victims said that “my campus shouldn’t be a place where my friends and I are fearful for having opposing opinions.” 
These students were accosted by other students. Students elsewhere, however, have had professors with which to contend. 
At the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA), a political science professor, Michael Chwe, wrote in a blog post for Princeton University Press that “the danger to democracy itself” is posed by “Trump supporters[.]” This “danger” is “real and must be confronted.” Chwe maintains that Trump and his supporters are “the greatest danger to democracy since World War II, even perhaps since the Civil War[.]” 
Chwe thinks that had “we” done “a better and earlier job with confronting, as opposed to accommodating, white and male privilege…we might not have reached this situation [the Trump phenomenon].” “We” must set our sights on “combatting” these forms of “privilege” now, though, if we hope to divert “democracy away from self-destruction.” 
And it isn’t just faculty in the humanities and liberal arts that can’t resist injecting their politics into the classroom. A math professor at Mount Holyoke College, an all-female school, was recently captured on video launching into an anti-Trump/pro-Clinton tirade in class. While he never referred to either candidate by name, Peter Rosnick’s choice for president was plain. This election, Rosnick said, is the “scariest” that he’s ever witnessed. He told his students that they should “vote for someone who thinks women are full and capable and responsible and intelligent beings who should not be the object of, um, should not be objectified.” 
Rosnick also prescribed his students to vote “for whoever you want, but vote for somebody who respects the fact that this is a country built on immigrants—that this is a country that couldn’t, that wouldn’t be what it is if it wasn’t for bringing immigrants into our nation and respecting them and respecting what they bring to our country.” 
At least one of Rosnick’s students was less than enthused over his proselytizing efforts. Speaking on condition of anonymity, this student told The College Fix that she found “it highly inappropriate for a math teacher to use my class time to try to tell me who to vote for.” 
Indeed. 
But this, unfortunately, is hardly an anomaly in 2016. Thus, parents should think hard before divesting themselves of tens and tens of thousands of dollars so that their children can become targets of political indoctrination.  ",0
8380,"Virginia’s Governor Restores Voting Rights for 13,000 Ex-Felons - The New York Times","Virginia’s governor said on Monday that he had signed papers restoring the voting rights of nearly 13, 000   accomplishing on a    basis what the state’s Supreme Court last month had barred him from doing with a single executive order. Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, cast the move as a civil rights victory in a state whose constitutional ban on voting by   has disenfranchised roughly one in five  . In a post on Twitter, the governor said, “We will continue to fight to ensure that our fellow citizens are not marginalized forever. ” State Republicans had called Mr. McAuliffe’s effort to restore voting rights a political plot to put more Democrats on the voting rolls. On Monday, Donald J. Trump, campaigning in Fredericksburg, Va. accused Mr. McAuliffe of “getting thousands of violent felons to the voting booth in an effort to cancel out the votes of both law enforcement and crime victims. ” “They are letting people vote in your Virginia election that should not be allowed to vote,” Mr. Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, said. In fact, however, the governor is empowered by the state’s Constitution to grant   the right to vote, and earlier studies suggest that most of those whose rights were restored had committed nonviolent crimes. Almost all states deny felons the right to vote, but many automatically restore voting rights after a violator has completed a prison term, probation, parole or all three. Virginia is one of four states that permanently strip felons of voting rights unless the governor lifts the prohibition, which Virginia governors had done sparingly. Only Kentucky and Florida, which also disenfranchise felons for life, have a higher share of   whose felony convictions deny them the right to vote. Mr. McAuliffe’s Republican predecessor, Gov. Bob McDonnell, moved to soften the lifetime ban in 2013, ordering that any nonviolent felon who had completed a sentence and paid all fines or restitution be automatically considered for   restoration. But Mr. McAuliffe caused a sensation in April when he went well beyond that, signing a sweeping executive order reinstating rights for nearly everyone who had completed prison sentences and met the terms of any supervised release: 206, 000   in all. Those whose crimes were nonviolent  —   about eight in 10  —   were immediately given the right to cast a ballot violent   were barred from voting until three years after successfully completing supervised release. “I want you back as a full citizen of the commonwealth,” Mr. McAuliffe said then of the  . “I want you to have a job, I want you paying taxes, and you can’t be a   citizen. ” Republicans denounced the move as a transparent effort to help Mr. McAuliffe’s close friend and ally, Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, in what was likely to be a swing state in the 2016 presidential election. A 2014 study by political scientists concluded that   in a handful of states were much more likely to register as Democrats than as Republicans, although the authors said race and poverty, not criminality, were the likely reasons. After Republicans sued to block the executive order, Virginia’s Supreme Court ruled last month that Mr. McAuliffe could restore voting rights only on a    basis rather than with a blanket order. Monday’s announcement of restored rights for nearly 13, 000 residents was the beginning of what the governor’s office has said is an effort to address the voting status of all  . Officials will address restoration of other  ’ rights in chronological order, starting with those who have been freed from supervision the longest, the governor said. William Howell, the Republican speaker of the State House and a plaintiff in the lawsuit opposing Mr. McAuliffe’s executive order, said in a written statement that legislators would study the new process for restoring voter rights to ensure that it abides by the Supreme Court’s ruling in July.",0
8381,"NOW FIVE FBI FIELD OFFICES ARE PROBING CLINTON CHARITY, ADDING FUEL TO THE FIRE","Home › POLITICS › NOW FIVE FBI FIELD OFFICES ARE PROBING CLINTON CHARITY, ADDING FUEL TO THE FIRE NOW FIVE FBI FIELD OFFICES ARE PROBING CLINTON CHARITY, ADDING FUEL TO THE FIRE 4 SHARES 
[10/31/16] FBI field offices in New York, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C. and Little Rock, Ark., are investigating the Clinton Foundation concerning allegations of pay-to-play financial and political corruption, according to a Wall Street Journal report Sunday. 
Mirroring information provided by a former senior law enforcement official that “multiple FBI investigations are underway involving potential corruption charges against the Clinton Foundation,” the Journal confirms what The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group reported in August . 
FBI field offices in three cities, specifically, New York, Little Rock and Washington, D.C., were coordinating with the U.S. Attorneys working in those cities. FBI agents in Miami are also joining the probe, TheDCNF has since learned. 
The Clinton Foundation has numerous programs operating in Haiti, the Caribbean, Latin America and South America. 
“Los Angeles agents had picked up information about the Clinton Foundation from an unrelated public corruption case and had issued some subpoenas for bank records related to the foundation” and described the unusual field office initiative as “at times a sprawling cross-country effort,” the Wall Street Journal reports. 
Several polls released Saturday and Sunday show a rapid deterioration of presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s lead in the wake of Friday’s disclosure by FBI Director James Comey that he is reopening the email server investigation. Comey said in August that he did not believe the FBI’s investigation of Clinton and her use of private servers and private email addresses to conduct official diplomatic business would be productive. 
Comey’s announcement Friday was related to a separate investigation of child pornography allegations against former Rep. Anthony Weiner, a New York Democrat who is married to Clinton’s closest confidant, Huma Abedin. Weiner and Abedin separated earlier this year following a third disclosure of his sexting with an underage girl. Post navigation",0
8382,Conservative Group Club for Growth Opposes Paul Ryan’s Obamacare-Lite - Breitbart,"Club for Growth President David McIntosh released a statement expressing the influential conservative group’s strong opposition to House Speaker Paul Ryan’s   as Republicans   are now calling the GOP leadership healthcare plan that does not follow through on GOP campaign promises to repeal and replace Obamacare. [McIntosh said in his statement:  The problems with this bill are not just what’s in it, but also what’s missing: namely, the critical   solution of selling health insurance across state lines. Such an injection of competition would lead to hundreds of billions of dollars in savings, nullifying any argument by Congressional Republicans that this provision cannot be included in the current bill. If this   substitute for   health care remains unchanged, the Club for Growth will key vote against it. Republicans should be offering a full and immediate repeal of Obamacare’s taxes, regulations, and mandates, an end to the Medicaid expansion, and inclusion of   reforms, like interstate competition. The Club for Growth is an influential conservative organization that has helped many Republicans get elected in recent years, and with the group’s strong opposition to the   package it may peel off enough House Republicans to hurt the bill’s chances in that chamber. Many House Republicans, including Reps. Jim Jordan ( ) and Mark Meadows ( ) —  the former and current chairs of the House Freedom Caucus —  are publicly opposed to Paul Ryan’s   bill already. There are also questions as to whether the bill can pass the U. S. Senate as well, with at least two U. S. Senators publicly opposed to the legislation and one promising he would oppose it —  more than enough to kill a bill without bipartisan support, as this is unlikely to receive, in the Senate.",0
8383,France and Germany Unite to Oppose President Trump’s Refugee Ban,"PARIS (AP)  —   France and Germany formed a united front Saturday in the face of President Donald Trump’s halt in the U. S. refugee program, with the German foreign minister noting that loving thy neighbor forms part of America’s Christian traditions. [After meeting Saturday, the foreign ministers of both nations,   Ayrault and Germany’s Sigmar Gabriel, said they want to meet with Rex Tillerson, Trump’s nominee for secretary of state who is still awaiting confirmation.  Ayrault said Trump’s order on Friday that bars all refugees from entering the United States for four months  —   and those from   Syria indefinitely  —   “can only worry us. ” “There are many other issues that worry us,” he added. “That is why Sigmar and I also discussed what we are going to do. When our colleague, Tillerson, is officially appointed, we will both contact him. ” Gabriel  —   on his first trip abroad since his appointment Friday  —   said offering refuge to the persecuted and those fleeing death are western values that Europe and the United States share. “Love thy neighbor is part of this tradition, the act of helping others,” he said. “This unites us, we Westerners. And I think that this remains a common foundation that we share with the United States, one we aim to promote. ” Trump declared the ban necessary to prevent “radical Islamic terrorists” from entering the United States. The order immediately suspended a program that last year resettled to the U. S. roughly 85, 000 people displaced by war, political oppression, hunger and religious prejudice.",0
8384,"Gathering to Remember Bill Cunningham, Outside the Picture Frame - The New York Times","At Bill Cunningham’s funeral on Thursday morning, Anna Wintour wore blue Carolina Herrera, Annette de la Renta had on a light pleated summer dress that went to the knee, and Mercedes Bass opted for basic black. They came to the Church of St. Thomas More on East 89th Street in Manhattan to pay their respects to a man who had taken their pictures for the last 40 to 50 years. One of the many sad things about this day was that there were no photographers, in keeping with a request by Mr. Cunningham’s family, who asked that things stay simple and private. In a way, it made sense. Although Mr. Cunningham, who died on Saturday at 87, had been photographing New Yorkers since 1967, the year the illustrator Antonio Lopez gave him his first camera, he hardly appreciated being the subject of attention. A documentary was made about Mr. Cunningham in 2010, and he said until the end of his life that he had not seen it. Standing outside the church, David Wolfson, a longtime friend of Mr. Cunningham’s, told a story about a birthday dinner that was organized last October in Mr. Cunningham’s honor. “He looked great,” Mr. Wolfson said. “Even though he didn’t like the fuss of it. ” That was Mr. Cunningham’s way. He was the sort of fellow who found his greatest enjoyment in simply doing his work. And he did it all the way to the wire, darting around town on his bicycle to attend everything from galas at the Museum of Modern Art to raucous   parties with drag queens and gym bunnies. Susanne Bartsch, who arrived in a leatherette and lace jacket with exaggerated shoulder detailing, had seen Mr. Cunningham at one of those parties back in April. For once, she thought, he had seemed a little off his game. “I could tell it was getting hot for him,” she said. “He wasn’t running around as fast as he usually did. He couldn’t hear well anymore. He looked more frail. ” Yet Mr. Cunningham nevertheless took her picture, wearing a very baroque pink and gold biker jacket with lacy boots and one of her trademark wigs, for The New York Times. Shortly before Mr. Cunningham had a stroke and wound up in the hospital, he encountered Dean Baquet, The Times’s executive editor, and his wife, the writer Dylan Landis, at a party. Mr. Cunningham snapped their picture. A few days later, Mr. Baquet recalled, Mr. Cunningham walked into the office and dropped off a print. Which was business as usual with the people he photographed. Right around 10:30 a. m. on Thursday, a group of Mr. Cunningham’s nieces and nephews arrived at the church, along with the procession. A car from the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Home delivered the coffin that carried Mr. Cunningham. It was covered with an American flag, and carried into the church by a group of men in boxy suits. A simple religious ceremony followed, along with an emotional tribute from John Kurdewan, Mr. Cunningham’s assistant at The Times. He said that even in the hospital, toward the end, Mr. Cunningham was counting the photos for a layout of his Evening Hours column. After the service, mourners streamed onto the sidewalk as a kilted bagpiper played a solemn tune. Pallbearers carried out the coffin and marched with it toward the car. A trumpeter began to blow a rendition of “America the Beautiful. ” The flag was removed from the coffin, and the crowd looked out at the summer sky. It was not a crowded scene, though a memorial planned for this summer certainly will be. On this day there were just a hundred or so of Mr. Cunningham’s closest friends, relatives and admirers. On one side of the stairs was Ms. Wintour, who began appearing in Mr. Cunningham’s columns years before she became the editor of Vogue. On the other was Ms. de la Renta, who long ago discovered that Mr. Cunningham’s favorite shots were not of her traipsing around in couture, but of her stepping into a puddle. In life, Mr. Cunningham had always been a little elusive, yet here he was surrounded by the patchwork of families he had amassed. There were blood relatives, colleagues from The Times, including the publisher, Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr. and people Mr. Cunningham had discovered on the street. Among this last group was Louise Doktor, an administrative assistant at a Midtown holding company, who wore a black pleated Issey Miyake shawl and carried a Céline bag covered in feathers. With her was Jenny Kee, with a big red pair of glasses and a dark red kimono. Nearby was a more simply dressed man in his 30s, looking over the funeral program, which ended with a quote from Mr. Cunningham: “It is as true today as it ever was. He who seeks beauty shall find it. ”",0
8385,"Trump Won Because the Democratic Party Failed, Not Because the White Working Class Revolted","By Arun Gupta / inthesetimes.com 
The reckoning is here for progressives and the Democratic Party now that the unthinkable has happened. Most of America, shell-shocked, is asking how Hillary Clinton and the entire Democratic establishment could lose to a woman-bashing, Mexican-deporting, Muslim-hating, white-supremacist-embracing charlatan? 
Simple. Trump captured the historical mood with his message of white nationalism and economic populism. Then he threaded an electoral college needle against an atrocious candidate. Clinton has a lead in the roughly 120 million votes cast for the two major-party candidates, while Trump essentially won with some 107,000 votes. That’s his combined margin in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. 
Clinton failed to defend firewall states like Michigan and Wisconsin, devoting huge resources to insurance states like Florida and Ohio. But here is why she really lost: Clinton had close to 9 million fewer votes than Barack Obama did in 2008, and roughly 5 million fewer votes than he did in 2012. There’s no getting around the fact that much of the Democratic base repudiated Clinton. 
It is tempting to say Trump won because of FBI Director James Comey’s outrageous letter 11 days before the election that re-opened the email investigation. Nate Silver, one of the few forecasters who gave Trump a significant chance of winning, suggested Comey may have cost Clinton up to 3 points . That additional margin could have helped hand Clinton a decisive win. And if that happened, there would be no soul searching about an angry white revolt against elites. 
But Comey never told Clinton to set up a private email server. Just like WikiLeaks never told Clinton to deliver secret speeches to investment banks. “Crooked Hillary” stuck because of the Clintons’ own doings: the emails, their foundation, $22 million in speaking fees, two-faced policy positions. The primaries were a flashing red light warning of these troubles. Bernie Sanders posed a serious challenge to Clinton despite her backing by the entire party establishment. Even then, if she had tapped Sanders to be her running mate, she might have won because of his appeal among millennials. 
But instead of tending to the Democratic base demanding single-payer health care, a Green New Deal and free higher education, Clinton veered right with a Democratic National Convention espousing militarism, American exceptionalism and God. This strategy blew up in Clinton’s face. More Democrats voted for Trump than Republicans voted for Clinton . 
Plus, Clinton would never pick a social democrat like Sanders because she is neoliberal to the bone. During the 1990s the Clintons erected much of the scaffolding of neoliberalism with NAFTA, the repeal of Glass-Steagall , the Commodity Futures Modernization Act , the media-monopoly-creating Telecommunications Act , ending welfare and passing laws for the mass deportation of immigrants. 
The Clintons kicked off a run during which Democrats have owned the White House for 16 of the last 24 years. Instead of countering the Republicans, they have battered the working class—white, brown, Black—who watched as businesses shuttered and communities shriveled. Obama failed to help workers in a meaningful way despite his resounding mandate. He spent his political capital to save Wall Street and design a health care system more beneficial to the for-profit industry than its patients. 
Meanwhile, millions lost their homes, sank into joblessness and descended into poverty. People of color generally realize the Republicans were much more hostile to their interests so they stick with the Democrats. But white workers outside a shrinking labor movement didn’t see either party as particularly hospitable to their interests. 
That gave Trump an opening. He radically transformed the GOP in a year, turning it into an anti-free trade and anti-interventionist party reluctant to cut retirement programs. His trick was to stoke the right’s racism and misogyny, which is now being portrayed as a regular Joe backlash against arrogant coastal elites. 
The racism directed toward Obama helped to form Trump’s foundation, especially the Tea Party and birtherism. But Trumpism is a fluid identity. Obama won Indiana in 2008, a state that was about 84 percent white then, and performed better among nearly every subgroup of whites in his two victories than Clinton did in 2016 . In fact, according to The New York Times’ Nate Cohn , “Clinton suffered her biggest losses in the places where Obama was strongest among white voters. It's not a simple racism story.” 
That is true. It is racism, but it’s not simple. Trump took workers’ social and economic ills produced as much by Democrats as by Republicans, and he fed them through a racial grinder to make his alt-white sausage. He created an identity that a majority of the white working class and middle class flocked to. It is racist, but it’s not fixed. And much of this failure to retain a majority of the white working class in the Democratic Party lays with organized labor, which does little organizing beyond get-out-the-vote and contract negotiation campaigns. 
Unions have the resources to painstakingly win workers of all stripes over to social-democratic policies. But for that to happen, organized left forces need to push labor hard. As shown by WikiLeaks , many prominent labor leaders suck up to pro-Wall Street Democrats and sideline policies that would show workers government can be a force for good, and not fear, in their lives. And in this election, Clinton held a slim 8-point advantage among voters from a union household. In Ohio, CNN exit polls showed Clinton losing union households by a 12-point margin , a larger margin than she lost non-union households. This is a clear lesson to unions that they have not been listening to their members. 
Trump’s victory is a declaration of a social civil war. We know what many of these battles will be, and it’s going to be a dark four years. But just as the Republican Party has been upended, so have the Democrats. The task ahead is to defend those communities and people most at risk from Trumpism, build power where the left does have real potential—cities of all sizes and deep-blue states—and focus on organizing principled, inclusive radical movements that can shift the entire political terrain rather than uselessly pouring energy into the black hole of the Democratic Party. 
ARUN GUPTA is a graduate of the French Culinary Institute in New York and has written for dozens of publications including the Washington Post , the Nation , The Progressive , Telesur English , and the Guardian . He is the author of the upcoming Bacon as a Weapon of Mass Destruction: A Junk-Food-Loving Chef’s Inquiry into Taste (The New Press). 0.0 ·",0
8386,Putins Army is coming for World war 3 against Obama year 2016!!! New Video!!!,source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
8387,"In Chicago, Bodies Pile Up at Intersection of ‘Depression and Rage’ - The New York Times","CHICAGO  —   For hours, the body lay where it had landed, just steps from the wooden sign someone had put up  —   a painted gun with a red slash through it. Inside a nearby house, Lee Baez had heard the gunshots in the darkness and got up to move his car so his fiancée would not have to walk past the body as she left for work before dawn. Down the block, Sandra Harris rose later to care for her ailing    mother and saw the body, by then draped with a sheet. After the authorities finally carried away Lee Martin, the    man who was shot in his head and back and died here on Walnut Street in the middle of an August night, another neighbor emerged to scrub the red streaks off the sidewalk. “I just pray that nothing comes through the window and hits Mother,” Ms. Harris, 58, said, glancing over at the spot where Mr. Martin’s body had been a few hours earlier. Living on Chicago’s West Side, where the dazzling downtown skyline always seems to shimmer in view but out of reach, means mornings like these grow strangely normal. The blue lights, the yellow tape, the next day’s quiet moving on  —   all of it. Over Memorial Day weekend, when The New York Times tracked every shooting in this city, the largest concentration of them happened here, in about six square miles that make up Chicago’s 11th police district. Of 64 people shot that weekend, 16 were in this district. Three people were shot on this same stretch of Walnut Street. The Times returned to the blocks in the 11th District where the Memorial Day weekend shootings occurred to try to better understand Chicago’s crisis of violence. Residents along Walnut Street and at other crime scenes told of a fractured community  —   isolated by this city’s entrenched segregation, hollowed out by joblessness and poverty, and battered by resignation and indifference. Here, graystone homes and brick cottages line elegant boulevards with wide, grassy medians. Garfield Park, once known as Chicago’s Central Park, sits in the 11th’s middle. But on Walnut Street, one vacant lot has been there so long that walking paths are worn through it. Young men gather on this section of the street, and neighbors say they hear calls for “Pills!” or “Flats!” —   slang for drugs  —   in the middle of the day. In places like this, cycles reinforce themselves: Poverty and joblessness breed an underground economy that leads to jail and makes it harder to get jobs. Struggling, emptying schools result in the closings of the very institutions that hold communities together. Segregation throws up obstacles to economic investment. And people and programs with good intentions come and go, thwarting hopes, reinforcing frustrations while never quite addressing the underlying problems, anyway. Into it all comes a lethal mix of readily available guns, a growing number of splintering gangs and groups, and a sense among some here that the punishment for carrying a weapon on these streets will never be larger than the risk of not carrying one. “It’s about desperation, decadence, depression and rage,” the Rev. Marshall E. Hatch Sr. who has given eulogies for at least 12 victims of violence this year, says of the district, home to his New Mount Pilgrim Missionary Baptist Church. “It’s the concentration of all of that, all in one place. ” Homicides citywide are up about 56 percent compared to last year and shootings are up about 49 percent, but just five of Chicago’s 22 police districts are driving the bulk of Chicago’s rise. All are on the South or West Sides. In the 11th, shootings are up by 78 percent compared to a year ago, and homicides are up 89 percent. So far in 2016, 91 people have been killed in this district, where only about 74, 000 people live. That is more homicides than in all of last year in entire cities, such as Seattle (population 684, 000) Omaha  (444, 000) and Buffalo (258, 000). Early on the morning of May 28, a gray car pulled up on Walnut Street, several teenage witnesses told a Times reporter, and men with big guns got out and started firing at other young men on a porch. Shell casings littered the street. The police say witnesses were uncooperative, and no one has been arrested. Within weeks, that shooting was a hazy memory. “Now which one was that?” asked a woman who lives directly across the street. Soon after, neighbors say the large homemade sign of a gun with a condemning slash through it appeared beside a vacant lot. People were unsure who put up the sign, and more have followed, one beneath the clattering “L” train track to downtown, another across from a children’s playground. By November, someone had split the Walnut Street   sign in two, a curse word scrawled on part of the crumpled remains. “It’s mostly a camouflage,” Ms. Harris said. “I mean what’s really changed when people are getting shot dead right next to that sign?” On the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend, a    woman was shot in the back while driving in a car around 4:30 a. m. The police say two men approached and started shooting. No arrests have been made.  Weeks later, less than a block from that shooting on West Wilcox, a preacher led people holding hands in a circle, praying, singing and swaying. The group seemed not to notice as traffic rumbled down Pulaski Road, a crowded strip lined with storefronts promising tax preparation, hairbraiding, candy and liquor. Zaree Pendleton, a stranger to those in the circle, suddenly wandered up, agitated. He said he was recently out of prison and desperately needed help. He carefully set the Bud Light he had been drinking for breakfast on the sidewalk in the center of the swaying circle. Then he reached for the preacher’s hand. “I’ve been watching y’all out here every morning, praying,” Mr. Pendleton told the group, turning weepy. “Y’all want to pray with me?” Jamie Thompson, the pastor of Reborn Community Church, often holds services here, just outside the church he created at a shuttered fire station. The need is greatest among the people who cluster along Pulaski’s corners in the middle of the day, many out of work or only working some, the preacher said. In 2014, almost half of the families in the community areas that make up much of the 11th District  —   East Garfield Park, West Garfield Park and Humboldt Park  —   had incomes under $25, 000, close to the family poverty threshold that year. Industry once flourished here. The original headquarters and distribution center of Sears, Roebuck  Co. provided thousands of jobs. But the area changed in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s, as whites moved away and blacks moved in. In 2014, almost a quarter of the housing units in the neighborhoods in the district were vacant, census data show. “The steel mills, the factories, those big economic engines aren’t there,” said Eric Washington, a deputy chief for the Chicago Police Department and a former commander of the 11th District, “and we need to see what can be the new engines in this district. It can’t be the drug trade. ” Residents like Mr. Pendleton say they feel stuck in an economic trap: go to jail for a crime, struggle to find work, wind up back in jail. “People have gotten to a place where they don’t have any hope and they don’t feel like they have any hope of getting any,” Mr. Thompson said. “You accept all kinds of ways to make money when you’re hopeless. ” Mr. Thompson used to live in a gentrifying neighborhood a few miles away, but he moved his family here a dozen years ago. He caught neighbors’ attention when he brought his prayers to the streets. “‘What’s a white guy doing over here?’ people would laugh,” he recalled. “Now they’re used to me. ” Mr. Pendleton came to the prayer circle with a plea. “I need a job,” he said. He said he felt lost. “I need everything. ” “I’m an alkie, God knows,” he said. “But I need a job. I want a job as bad as hell. ” Mr. Thompson told him: “The Lord wants to fill you completely, man. You’re trying to fill up with alcohol, but you’re taking a step. ” They made plans to get Mr. Pendleton an identification card  —   the first task on what could be a long road to employment. Mr. Pendleton needed to come back with some documents, Mr. Thompson told him. That was weeks ago. Mr. Thompson said Mr. Pendleton had not been back. On Memorial Day, two men, 21 and 28, were shot and wounded just before 11 a. m. The police say they  were gang members, and that neither has cooperated with the police. Witnesses said a black car sped away after the shooting. No arrests have been made. Steps from Gladys Avenue, where the two men were shot, Garfield Park opens up to 184 acres of plush lawns shaded by old trees and surrounded by curving paths and historic buildings. For visitors, the park is a tourist attraction, a jewel of the city. Its lavish conservatory is jammed with hundreds of exotic plants and a dewy, tropical aroma even through Chicago’s bleakest winter. Yet for many of the people who live here  —   some of whom say they rarely enter the conservatory  —   Garfield Park can be harrowing. Its nearby side streets, like Gladys, can feel menacing. On a bright afternoon not long ago, a man stepped out of an apartment onto a crowded sidewalk and a gust of wind blew his shirt up, revealing a gun. Residents say the park’s perimeter can be a magnet for drug sales and violence. Seven of the 16 people shot over Memorial Day weekend were nearby. The police say statistics show the park is actually safer than it has been in several years, but Cardell Bradley, who fishes for catfish with sausage bait in the Garfield Park lagoon, said he was cautious. “If I see a group of people gathering, I get out of here. ” “It’s scary,” he said. “And it’s just heartbreaking to see these kids involved in all this  —   they’re only young schoolkids, you know. ” Part of the problem is this: The district straddles the Eisenhower Expressway, a major thoroughfare that has long been known as the Heroin Highway. Suburbanites use it to drive into the city for drugs. Rivalries between Chicago’s increasingly splintered gangs and cliques over sales of heroin, Ecstasy, prescription drugs and marijuana have given way to gunfire  —   even among   sellers who see themselves as only peripherally involved. This year, a   dimpled    was shot as he rode his bicycle outside his house. “Our block was making a lot of money doing what they’re doing, so I guess people get jealous,” said the teenager, who wore an arm brace for weeks and who says his stomach still aches when he sneezes. The teenager said he only occasionally helped sell drugs and just happened to be there when competitors turned up, armed. At the time, he was enrolled in middle school and working    with a mentor, who asked that the youth’s name not be published for his safety. The teenager, the mentor said, was registered to attend a “peace conference” with him on the very evening he was shot. Early on the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend, a man, 37, was shot in his arm and his leg as he stood in an alley here. Police say the victim was uncooperative. No arrests have been made.  An incongruously upbeat song plays loudly along this battered block all day every day: Scott Joplin’s ragtime classic, “The Entertainer. ” The cheery tune tinkles from a   ice cream truck that is permanently parked in a vacant lot on the block where the man was shot in the alley. Mina Marquez, the owner, also lives on the block  —   an odd amalgam of empty lots and   homes, now decked with elaborate Christmas displays. In a police district that is mostly black, Ms. Marquez, 35, is unusual. She came from Mexico at 16, and after living in other Chicago neighborhoods, she and her husband and their three children moved to the 11th District because it was a place they could afford. Much of what happens here is driven by economics. People who can afford to leave, do. For Ms. Marquez, plunking down an ice cream truck on an empty lot next door was far cheaper than the family’s effort a few years ago to open in a storefront in a different neighborhood. Competition is scarce here. Sub shops and food marts struggle, and chain stores mostly stay away. Most of Ms. Marquez’s ice cream customers are black, though there is a growing Hispanic population in this northern section of the district. Chicago is now made up of nearly equal thirds whites, blacks and Hispanics, but many of the city’s stark lines of segregation still exist. New policies have actually hardened some lines. When Chicago’s   public housing projects were scheduled for demolition more than a decade ago, city leaders expected residents to spread across the city. But rental prices and other factors have concentrated many of those with government housing vouchers into neighborhoods on the South and West Sides, and kept many black   residents out of richer, whiter areas. Ms. Marquez says her family coexists, if a bit awkwardly, with her customers. “We don’t let them mess with us,” Ms. Marquez said in Spanish. “They’re not comfortable that we’re here. ” Still, Ms. Marquez, who keeps her two youngest children in view as she stands at the truck window, said she had grown used to life on this block. She said that she sold more than 100 ice creams most days, and that she planned to stay. A line often forms outside the truck, where milkshakes are in high demand. On the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend, a    man was walking along just before 5 a. m. when two men approached, told him to lie down on the ground and shot him. The victim has not cooperated with the police, the police say. No arrests have been made.  In this neighborhood, Marconi Elementary Community Academy was once the glue. Since the public school opened decades ago at the corner of Maypole and Kolmar Avenues  —   several blocks from where the man was shot over Memorial Day weekend  —   best friends were made there, parents kept in touch during   children were taught by teachers who had once taught their parents. “We all went there,” said Kenny Harvey, who attended the school half a century ago and still lives right here. In 2013, though, facing a fiscal crisis, the city closed Marconi and about 50 other public schools. Chicago’s education leaders cited poor student performances and low enrollments in what was then the largest simultaneous closing for any school district in the nation. Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s administration has defended the closings as needed, and a University of Chicago research group found that most of the displaced students wound up in   schools. Since 2012, the city has spent $178 million on capital improvements in the 11th District and added programs and services, city officials said. But six schools here were also shuttered, including Marconi. To get to their new school, Tilton Elementary, the children from Marconi had to cross different gang lines and new drug turfs, parents at Marconi complained. There were new teachers, new students and, in some cases, a longer walk. And the neighborhood itself was losing one more bit of precious ballast: the rare public institution that held them together. There is also this: Based on the city’s own criteria, Tilton barely rated a “good standing” designation, and so was only marginally better than Marconi. For many parents, the difference was hardly worth the effort. Tasha Walker, her husband and her oldest daughter had all once gone to Marconi, but she chose not to send her younger daughter on to Tilton. Instead, her children attend charter schools in a different neighborhood. “I’m not letting my kids get lost,” Ms. Walker said. For a brief time, Ms. Walker’s family had lived in a Chicago suburb, and she hopes to save enough money to move again. “I want them to be able to be teenagers,” she said.  On the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend, two men, ages 28 and 29, were shot and wounded as they stood on the sidewalk here at nearly midnight. The police say that both were gang members, and that neither would cooperate. No arrests have been made.  Sonja Bellephant, 48, grew up in an apartment building just across from the stoop where the two men were shot over Memorial Day weekend. These days, she lives in a Chicago suburb but works as youth director at the church her grandfather started on the corner. “Their life,” she said of the young people, “I wish it could be like my life. ” Ms. Bellephant wants to create an urban boarding school for young men in a shuttered, hulking church, school and convent on this block. She envisions an arts studio in a church down the street. She regularly stops strangers, asking if their children are in day care, if they have found a job, if they are in school. “Did you graduate from high school?” she called to a young man one morning. He looked puzzled but said yes, then hiked up his pants. “I want to tell them: ‘You don’t have to dodge bullets. You can finish school,’” Ms. Bellephant said. Ms. Bellephant, a former public school principal, is one in a vast array of individuals, government agencies, nonprofit groups and religious organizations with ideas for how to fix this area. The mayor’s office this fall announced plans for $36 million for mentoring in areas like this, and for a $100 million fund to bring economic development to neighborhoods. “The mayor is determined to turn around decades of neglect in the South and West Side neighborhoods that have been challenged by violence for generations,” said the mayor’s spokesman, Adam Collins. Mr. Emanuel’s “comprehensive strategy,” he said, “will add nearly 1, 000 new police officers, invest new dollars in our most challenged communities, make mentoring universal for young men in   areas, spur economic development, strengthen sentencing for violent gun offenders, and bring together community and faith leaders around a plan to provide   youth with better opportunities. ” Missing, though, community leaders say, is a single, overarching blueprint. Mentoring programs come and go with shifting grants. Job programs last a few months. “That’s the thing,” said Tio Hardiman, an activist who founded an   group that has worked along these blocks. “Nobody’s answering to nobody out there. Everybody’s in their own response mode. Sometimes, it’s more   between the various community groups than it is on the streets. ” Leaders have long been trying to draw attention to this part of Chicago. In 1966, the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. moved into an apartment near this district as part of his Chicago Freedom Movement campaign to desegregate neighborhoods and get fair, affordable housing. In 1986, Jimmy Carter helped build a Habitat for Humanity townhouse but it caught fire years later, and was eventually torn down. Ms. Bellephant is still trying to figure out how to pay for her urban boarding school. An old banner is plastered on the shuttered building, a vestige from a different plan to turn it into a family life center, gym and school of performing arts. “It’s on the way 2013,” the banner promises.",0
8388,Hillary Campaign Launching Attacks on the FBI,"Hillary Campaign Launching Attacks on the FBI October   
If the Clinton campaign becomes any more deranged, Hillary will start running attack ads against the FBI. This kind of tactic is already perilously close to an attack ad. 
Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign ratcheted up its attack on the director of the FBI on Sunday, circulating a draft letter critical of James Comey to former federal prosecutors. 
“It is out of our respect for such settled tenets of the United States Department of Justice that we are moved to express our concern with the recent letter issued by FBI Director James Comey to eight Congressional Committees,” the Clinton campaign’s letter speaking for prosecutors said. 
The letter was signed and provided to The Daily Beast by Elkan Abramowitz, a former chief of the criminal division of the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York. It is expected to be released Sunday evening. 
So we have the bizarre spectacle of Hillary deciding that she needs to campaign against the head of the FBI, who was just being praised for clearing her, because when you're a paranoid personality who assembles lists of enemies, this is how you react. But it's also telling that the Clinton campaign finds this so threatening that it is waging war on the FBI.",0
8389,Trump to Accept Inauguration Funds From Corporations and Big Donors - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump will allow corporations and wealthy individuals to make large donations to fund the activities surrounding his inauguration, complicating his promise to eliminate special interests from influencing his government. Mr. Trump plans to ban money from registered lobbyists, whom he has purged from his transition team and barred from working for his administration. But the restrictions will be lighter on corporations and individuals  —   the groups that have traditionally provided a vast majority of funding for the festivities surrounding the transfer of power. The restrictions, which members of the Presidential Inaugural Committee cautioned have yet to be finalized, represent a continued march back from standards set in 2009, when   Barack Obama banned gifts from lobbyists, political action committees and corporations, and put a cap of $50, 000 on individuals. Mr. Obama relaxed his own rules in 2012, after what was then the most expensive presidential campaign in history had depleted his donor base, lifting the ban on corporate gifts and restrictions on the size of those from individuals. Mr. Trump, who like Mr. Obama campaigned on reducing the influence of money in politics, appears poised to relax them further. Officials planning the inauguration said Mr. Trump would solicit corporate donations up to $1 million and allow money to be transferred from political action committees on a    basis. The inaugural committee has not reached a decision on where to cap gifts from individuals, if at all. All told, Mr. Trump hopes to raise roughly $65 million to $75 million to fund the parade, balls and other festivities surrounding his   as president, according to several people involved in the planning efforts. Such a   total, if it materializes, would easily surpass the $43 million Mr. Obama’s team raised for his 2013 inauguration and the $53 million, a record, that it raised for his first inauguration in 2009. Thomas Barrack Jr. a private equity investor who is heading the committee responsible for planning the events surrounding Mr. Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20, said the decision to limit donations from certain groups was “in line with the  ’s thoughts on ethics reform. ” But campaign finance experts said the restrictions left much to be desired, targeting groups that traditionally provide little funding for the occasion while seemingly letting bigger donors  —   including corporate interests that Mr. Trump took aim at on the campaign trail  —   off the hook. “For the most part, they are illusory, because they are restricting money that doesn’t really play any significant role in funding the inauguration,” said Fred Wertheimer, a longtime advocate of campaign finance overhaul, referring to the restrictions on lobbyists and foreign interests. The corporate and individual money that does traditionally play a significant role, he added, would be allowed to flow more or less unabated, leaving the potential of undue influence in place. “You can’t have a more ideal opportunity to buy influence and ingratiate yourself with a new administration than by giving a huge contribution to pay for their inauguration,” Mr. Wertheimer said. Bob Biersack, a senior fellow at the Center for Responsive Politics, was more forgiving toward Mr. Trump, but he said it would take a fundamental change in the way inaugurations were funded to meaningfully root out special interests. “I don’t find it fundamentally inconsistent with what he is saying,” he said. “I just think the rhetoric and the reality are different. ” Presidential transition committees, which coordinate and finance most of the festivities that surround the federally funded   ceremony, face few of the   restrictions campaigns do, and their practices vary from president to president. President George W. Bush did not restrict who could support his inaugural festivities, but he put caps on gifts. The committee is still in the early stages of assembling what will be an operation employing hundreds of people responsible for planning dozens of events. As of Wednesday morning, the   packages that are typically used to solicit donations were still being vetted by lawyers, and subcommittees were still taking shape to handle issues like security and entertainment. “It’s like putting on the Olympics in 61 days,” Mr. Barrack said, adding that the committee was racing to finalize plans by the end of the week. Two people working with the committee said it planned to roll out tiered giving packages next week, most likely ranging from $25, 000 to $1 million, that will reward donors with progressively more access to more intimate events with Mr. Trump and his team. The committee is planning to hold two official balls, according to two people involved in the planning. By comparison, Mr. Obama attended 10 official balls in 2009. Mr. Trump is not expected to donate to the festivities himself, as he did to the campaign, according to members of the committee, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss plans that had not been finalized. Sara Armstrong, a longtime Republican National Committee official who helped plan the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this summer, has been appointed chief executive and is leading the team that Mr. Barrack said would eventually total 350 people out of an office building just off the National Mall. As of Wednesday, the committee had hired about 100 people, he said. The committee includes generous donors to Mr. Trump’s campaign, like Woody Johnson, the owner of the New York Jets Gail Icahn, the wife of the investor Carl Icahn and the casino magnate Sheldon Adelson and his wife, Miriam. Several stalwart backers of Republican causes, like Stephen A. Wynn and Lewis M. Eisenberg, are on the committee, as is Brian Ballard, Mr. Trump’s longtime Florida lobbyist. The overall cost of the inauguration and related festivities is likely to run to as much as $200 million. Most of that burden will fall on taxpayers, though, who fund everything from security to the   ceremony and inaugural luncheon organized by a joint committee of Congress. Mr. Trump’s team said it was expecting two million to three million people to flood Washington for the ceremony, a crowd that could surpass the 1. 8 million estimated to have been on hand for Mr. Obama’s first inauguration, which was a record. Planners are also expecting more protesters than usual around the event. Mr. Barrack said Mr. Trump had instructed him to plan events tailored to the political moment. “It’s one of the greatest opportunities that this president has to put his fingerprints on bridging the divide,” Mr. Barrack said on Wednesday. Mike Litterst, a spokesman for the National Park Service, which controls the Mall and other public spaces where the inauguration will take place, said on Monday that the Park Service did not expect to meet with officials from the group until after Thanksgiving. But across Washington, the physical preparations for Jan. 20 are well underway, even as the city’s political establishment is struggling to come to terms with the election outcome. Capitol architects have been hammering away since September on the more than    inaugural platform overlooking the Mall. And outside the White House, Park Service staff members are at work on the presidential reviewing stand where Mr. Trump will review his inaugural parade.",0
8390,"Lloyd Conover, Inventor of Groundbreaking Antibiotic, Dies at 93 - The New York Times","Lloyd H. Conover, a chemist whose breakthrough invention of one of the most effective and widely prescribed antibiotics, tetracycline, led to a whole new approach to developing such drugs, died on Saturday in St. Petersburg, Fla. He was 93. His death was confirmed by his son Craig. Dr. Conover started his research at Pfizer in Brooklyn in 1950, when pharmaceutical companies, spurred by the success of penicillin against battlefield infections during World War II, were racing to find new antibiotics. Most early antibiotics were naturally occurring chemicals produced by microorganisms that lived in soil or on decaying fruit the strain of penicillin used to protect wounded soldiers came from a moldy melon. Few scientists at the time thought it was possible to improve on antibiotics, which they viewed as a result of an evolutionary process that had equipped microorganisms with the ultimate chemical weapons to survive. Dr. Conover, however, became intrigued with two naturally occurring antibiotics that, except for two atoms, were chemically identical. To Dr. Conover, the atoms seemed out of place. Each antibiotic had a chlorine or oxygen atom where he expected to find a hydrogen atom. Would swapping in hydrogen improve the potency of the drugs? Using a routine chemical procedure, he stripped chlorine from one antibiotic and inserted hydrogen, creating a more stable molecule. He worked with a single assistant. “I didn’t want an audience if we failed,” he told The Plain Dealer of Cleveland in 1992. The result was tetracycline, a powerful antibiotic with fewer side effects than the drug from which it was derived  —   proof, Dr. Conover wrote, that “a superior drug could be made by chemical modification. ” Virtually all antibiotics today are semisynthetic, meaning they are chemically altered to increase the number of infections that can be treated or to reduce side effects. Hailed as a wonder drug, tetracycline proved effective against numerous potentially deadly infections  —   including salmonella, which causes food poisoning  —   and bacteria responsible for bloodstream, skin and urinary infections gonorrhea pneumonia and strep throat. Hog and chicken farmers embraced the drug, which was used to encourage growth and ward off infections among animals raised in close quarters. Fruit growers sprayed tetracycline in orchards to prevent fire blight and other diseases. With tetracycline’s commercial success, however, came a slew of patent challenges. Three pharmaceutical companies claimed that their scientists had discovered tetracycline before Dr. Conover, although their patent applications were filed later. After Pfizer licensed tetracycline to its competitors to end the dispute, the federal government challenged the licensing deals as anticompetitive, along with the validity of the patent. “I had essentially a second career, preparing for and giving depositions and testifying,” Dr. Conover wrote in a 1984 article in the journal Research Management. At scientific meetings, he wrote, he felt a coolness from peers who thought that his patent claim was false. A federal appeals court in Philadelphia finally affirmed the patent  —   and, by extension, the licensing agreements  —   in 1982, three decades after Dr. Conover invented tetracycline. By the time the litigation ended, widespread use of tetracycline had caused many kinds of bacteria to become resistant to the antibiotic, reducing its potency against many infections. Tetracycline is still commonly used against acne and certain   diseases, such as Lyme disease, Rocky Mountain spotted fever and Q fever. To control bacterial resistance, many European countries and the United States now restrict the nontherapeutic use of tetracycline in agriculture. Lloyd Hillyard Conover was born on June 13, 1923, in Orange, N. J. His father, John, was a lawyer his mother, the former Marguerite Anna Cameron, was an artist. His interest in chemistry began in childhood when he watched his father mix cement to repair a retaining wall. “There was something about the physical change in matter that really fascinated me,” he said in an interview for this obituary. To feed his curiosity, he devised science projects with items he found around his house. In one instance, he took his mother’s pots and pans and melted down lead left behind by a plumber to make a miniature cannon that fired lead pellets, powered by steam. He entered Amherst College in 1941 to study chemistry, but his education was interrupted by World War II. He spent three years in the Navy, serving on an amphibious ship in the Pacific and rising to lieutenant junior grade. After the war, he returned to Amherst, and he received his bachelor’s degree in 1947. He received his doctorate in chemistry from the University of Rochester in 1950 and went to work for Pfizer, where salaries were higher than in academia, to support his family. His first wife, the former Virginia Kirk, died in 1988 his second wife, the former Marie Solomons, died in 2003. Besides his son Craig, survivors include his wife, the former Katharine Meacham two other sons, Kirk and Roger a daughter, Heather Conover four stepdaughters, Sue Love, Virginia Karpovich, Katharine Meacham and Laura Keane two stepsons, Walter Solomons and Andrew Meacham 16 grandchildren and seven  . At Pfizer, Dr. Conover was assigned to a team working to determine the chemical structures of the antibiotics oxytetracycline and chlortetracycline  —   a project that laid the groundwork for Dr. Conover’s discovery. After the team completed its task, the senior scientists went off to write papers about their findings, leaving Dr. Conover with time on his hands. “Everyone thought that was the end of the project,” Dr. Conover said in the interview. “But I wanted to keep working with these wonderfully interesting molecules. ” Dr. Conover completed his tetracycline experiment in a matter of months. “It worked the first time, unlike most of the experiments I ever ran,” he said. Within a year, Pfizer was testing tetracycline on people. Dr. Conover spent his entire career at Pfizer. He went on to help invent Pyrantel and Morantel, which are used to treat parasitic worm infections, and rose through the company’s executive ranks to become senior vice president for agricultural products research and development. He retired in 1984. Although Pfizer vigorously defended Dr. Conover’s patent, the company was less aggressive than competitors in marketing his invention. “Pfizer sold tetracycline but never pushed it,” Dr. Conover said. “That was a disappointment. ”",0
8391,ALEPPO OFFENSIVE: SAA and Russian air forces liquidate 500+ terrorists (VIDEO),"November 14, 2016 - Fort Russ News -  RusVesna - translated by J. Arnoldski -  


Around 500 terrorists have been killed by Russian air forces and the Syrian army in western Aleppo. 
Bandits from the Jaish al-Fath Islamist coalition suffered large losses after a failed offensive in western Aleppo which began at the end of October. More than 500 militants and dozens of units of military vehicles were destroyed under fire from Russian and Syrian aircraft and Syrian troops.  


According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the bandits’ losses reach up to 260 killed. 
As a result of the numerous defeats inflicted upon the Jaish al-Fath coalition in western Aleppo, government troops and their allies are preparing to switch their efforts to the southern districts of the Aleppo. 
Lebanese Hezbollah is preparing a major special operation in the district of Khan-Tuman with the aim of ousting terrorists from positions along the Aleppo-Damscus M-5 highway. 
Following the retreat of the Jaish al-Fath gang, the Syrian army intends to exploit the fleeing and disorganized Islamists to regain control over a number of villages and commanding heights. 
As reported earlier , on November 11th the Syrian army and its allies continued to advance in western Aleppo. After breaking through militants’ line of defense, they took the Minyan and Al-Assad districts… 




Fierce fighting is ongoing between militants and the SAA in the Al-Assad district with the use of heavy artillery and volley-fire rocket systems… 
In addition, the liquidation of the field commander of the 314th militant regiment, Osama Darwish, known as Abu Il Harman, during clashes with SAA units in the Al-Assad and Minyan districts has been reported. 




During clashes, Syrian troops managed to regain control over the southern triangle of the Al-Assad district and the Hamat Ad-Diyar and Al-Amal schools. 
Russian and Syrian air forces are launching strikes at militant headquarters and roaming gangs in the Rashidin 4, Khan al-Asal, Gabat al-Basil, Al-Mansura, Maskana, and Kashish airport districts. This has resulted in the elimination of dozens of armored vehicles and large numbers of militants. 



Meanwhile, it has been repotred that groups involved in the Euphrates Shield operation, supported by Turkey, have announced the capture of the village of Talil north of the city of al-Bab northeast of Aleppo as a result of fighting against ISIS.  






     Follow us on Facebook!                                                   
                                                   

       Follow us on Twitter! 
                               

             Donate! 
",0
8392,Mikhail Saakashvili quits as Odessa governor,"Mikhail Saakashvili quits as Odessa governor   Source: REX The Governor of the Odessa region, Mikhail Saakashvili , who is best known for eating his tie on TV while serving as President of Georgia, announced his resignation on Monday, November 7. ""I have decided to resign and start a new stage of the struggle. I am not going to give up. I am a soldier who walks as much as he can and then continues walking as much as he must,"" Mikhail Saakashvili, former president of Georgia said at a press briefing. According to him, it is difficult to improve the state of affairs in one region, while corruption continues prospering in the rest of Ukraine ""capitalizing on the blood of soldiers, victims of the Maidan and betraying the idea of ​​the Ukrainian revolution."" Saakashvili has repeatedly accused the Ukrainian authorities of corruption. On September 13, he called Petro Poroshenko's Bloc a criminal group. In December 2015, at a meeting of Ukraine's National Board of Reforms, an open conflict sparked between Saakashvili and Ukrainian Minister of Internal Affairs Arsen Avakov. The Interior Minister asked Saakashvili a question about the privatization of the Odessa Portside Plant. In response, the former president of Georgia stated that he was not going to discuss anything on the subject. Instead, Saakashvili added, he was going to prove that ""you [Avakov] are a thief."" Avakov splashed water from his glass at Saakashvili during the scandal. President of Ukraine called the incident shameful. Saakashvili was appointed the head of the Odessa region on May 30, 2015. Prior to the appointment, he received Ukrainian citizenship in accordance with the decree signed by President Petro Poroshenko. From 2004 to 2013, Saakashvili served as the President of Georgia. He has rarely visited Georgia since then, where there are four criminal cases pending against him. One of them was filed on charges of embezzlement of public funds for personal needs. Pravda.Ru Circus from Georgia moves to Ukraine",0
8393,When the River Ran Red,"When the River Ran Red Arthur Kemp, American Renaissance, September 2008 
The year is 1838. Dodging a flurry of spears, the Boer commander, Andries Pretorius, rides forward to seize a Zulu warrior. In the midst of an epic battle between more than 15,000 warriors and just 468 Boers, Pretorius has decided to take a Zulu alive. He wants to send the captive back to his king, Dingaan, to convey surrender terms to the Zulu nation. 
The warrior has no intention of being taken alive, and jabs viciously at Pretorius with his assegai. This is a Zulu spear, normally a long-shafted throwing weapon, but the warrior broke its shank earlier for close-quarter stabbing. Pretorius gives up on capturing the Zulu, and tries to shoot him. 
With a single-shot, muzzle-loading musket, he has only one chance of a hit. There is no time to reload in close combat. To his horror, Pretorius sees the smoke-trailing ball whiz past the Zulu’s ear. At the same time, the Zulu lunges forward, causing Pretorius’s horse to stumble backwards, throwing the white commander to the ground. 
Leaping to his feet, he meets the attacking Zulu, who knows he is now on equal terms with the white man, who can no longer use his magic shooting stick and carries no weapon comparable to the assegai. Pretorius is now fighting for his life. He just manages to sidestep the spear point, striking it away with the butt of his gun. 
Spinning round, the Zulu raises his spear high above his head and thrusts down, as he has been trained to do in the Zulus’ disciplined army. It is a blow that will be fatal if it strikes home, but Pretorius sees it coming. He grabs the spear point with his left hand to ward it away from his chest. The sharp point cuts deeply into his palm, embedding itself at an angle that makes it impossible for the Zulu to pull it out. Pretorius seizes the Zulu by the throat with his free right hand and throws him to the ground in an attempt to strangle him. 
The Zulu struggles, and with the help of two good hands is about to break free, when one of Pretorius’s men comes upon the scene. He pulls the assegai out of the commander’s hand, and plunges it into the Zulu’s side, ending the struggle. 
Pretorius remounts and heads back to the Boer camp for treatment. He is not worried, as he knows by now that this greatest of all battles between Boers and Zulus has already been won. The main Zulu army has been broken in two, and the river that runs along one side of the Boer camp is stained red with Zulu blood. The place and the tributary known previously as the Ncome will be renamed Blood River. Pretorius knows that the Zulu defeat, which will include some 3,000 killed on the battlefield, is a fit revenge for the deception and murder committed by the Zulus 10 months earlier. 
Prelude to War 
The great clash between the Boer and Zulu nations was not, as leftist historians like to claim, the result of ruthless white colonialism suppressing an indigenous people. It came about because the Zulus rejected an extremely reasonable attempt at negotiation by the Boers. 
The Boers, pioneers of Dutch, French, and German descent, were the people who opened up much of what was later to become South Africa. Their first antecedents had landed on the southernmost tip of Africa in 1652, only 45 years after the Virginia Company settled on Jamestown Island. 
When they arrived in the area now known as Cape Town, whites came into contact only with Hottentots and Bushmen. As the number of Europeans increased, they expanded east and north, only meeting their first black tribe, the Xhosa, some 500 miles away, on South Africa’s east coast. The Xhosas were migrating south, fleeing the warlike Zulu to the north, who were engaged in imperialist expansion of their own. 
For just under a century white settlement halted at this eastern frontier border formed by the coast and firm Xhosa settlement. It was not, however, a time of peace, as Xhosa were constantly raiding the Boers who lived on the border. This caused much harm and discontent among the farmers, who blamed the Dutch-ruled colonial government back in Cape Town for the lawlessness. 
It only added to the border farmers’ grievances when the British took the Cape Colony from the Dutch in 1806 to prevent the colony from falling into French hands during the Napoleonic Wars. It was vital to control the merchant and naval refitting station on the way to the Far East. The new colonial masters not only started anglicizing the colony, when they abolished slavery they offered compensation that amounted to hardly a quarter of a slave’s value. 
Exasperated by incessant Xhosa attacks and British attempts to suppress their language and culture, groups of frontier farmers, filled with a sense of manifest destiny not seen again until the opening of the American West, set forth to the north and the east in a movement known as the Great Trek. The trekkers (they became known as Voortrekkers, or pioneers, only after 1880) bypassed the Xhosa in search of new, unsettled territory, in which they could establish independent Boer nations. All told, it was only a small minority of no more than 12,000 Boers who made the trek to the future Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal regions. They traveled in several waves of covered, ox-drawn wagons much like the Conestogas in which Americans opened the West. 
The Boer leader of the time, Piet Retief, had written the trekker “manifesto,” in which he spelled out the farmers’ long-held grievances against the British. By1836, the Boer wagons had crossed the great mountain range into Natal, in an act of audacity that few thought possible. The range, the highest in southern Africa, had been named the Drakensberg—the Dragon Mountains—because they were said to be impassable. 
Retief had identified a large piece of uninhabited land to the north of the Zulu kingdom, which lay open to settlement. Retief knew that if he wanted the land for his people, he could take it unopposed. However, he wanted to live in peace with his Zulu neighbors, and before taking possession, he opened negotiations with the Zulu king, Dingaan. He wanted no misunderstanding between the two peoples. 
He sent a letter to the Zulu king explaining why he wanted to speak to him, and first visited Dingaan’s capital—a large circle of reed and grass huts—on November 5, 1837. Retief left the main body of trekkers and went to the Zulu king’s capital, Umgungundhlovo (“the place of the elephant”), to negotiate a treaty that would allow Boers peacefully to settle land adjoining the Zulu kingdom. Dingaan said he would let the Boers live in Natal if they recovered cattle stolen by a Tlokwa chieftain. Retief and his men did so, and Dingaan agreed to give the land to the Boers. 
Retief returned to Umgungundhlovo on February 3, 1838, to finalize the agreement. He arrived with 60 volunteers, including his own son and three children of other men—it was common for children to accompany their fathers on expeditions of this kind. The next day, Retief and Dingaan formally signed a treaty—the Zulu king made his mark by scratching an “X” on the document—giving possession of the land to the Boers. Delighted, the Boers sent scouts back to the main encampments to report the successful outcome and made ready to leave. As Retief and his party were about to saddle up, a messenger arrived from Dingaan inviting the Boer party to a special celebration to mark the signing. Retief was suspicious but did not want to offend Dingaan. As they had on previous visits, the Boers stacked their firearms neatly outside the reed walls and entered the royal enclosure unarmed. 
As they ate and drank, a Zulu impi, or warrior unit, put on a dance for the guests. According to the account of a white missionary who was present, the dancing warriors drew ever closer to the Boers, till they were just in front of the seated whites. When the Zulu king leaped to his feet and shouted, “Kill the white wizards!” the impi fell upon the surprised Boers. Some of them drew their hunting knives and tried to fight off the attackers, but they were quickly overwhelmed. 
The Zulu warriors bound the whites with reed ropes and dragged them to Hlomo Amabutho, the Hill of Execution, near the Zulu capital. There they clubbed the Boers to death, one by one, with Retief kept until last and forced to watch his son being murdered. After Retief’s heart was extracted and presented to Dingaan as proof that the Boer leader was dead, the bodies were left for the vultures, in accordance with Zulu custom. 
Dingaan then gave orders for the full might of his army to attack the Boer camps. The settlers had received the message Retief had sent earlier and believed everything had gone well. They were therefore completely unprepared and badly undermanned. The 60 men in Retief’s party were all dead. Many other men had gone hunting, leaving only a light guard for the women and children. The Boers were so confident there would be peace that they had not even posted sentries. Just before dawn, barking dogs aroused the outlying wagons. Then, thousands of Zulu warriors attacked the several hundred trekkers — women, children, and old men — as they lay sleeping. 
The Boer historian, Gustav Preller, who interviewed survivors, left a harrowing account of the aftermath: “All around dozens and dozens of bodies … babies who had had their heads smashed open against the wagon wheels, women, dishonored and in some Zulu custom, their breasts cut off … [I]n a wagon, blood filled to a height of several inches, the life blood of an entire family ebbed out where they lay … Jan Bezuidenhout, one of the few young men who had not gone ahead with the Retief party, grabbed his four-month-old baby daughter out of her crib and ran off through the undergrowth … [H]aving lost his pursuers a few miles away, Bezuidenhout checked for the first time on his daughter in his arms. She was dead; a single spear stroke had killed her.” 
The slaughter became known as the Weenen, the Dutch word for weeping, and a town of that name still stands near the site. Of the 600 Boers camped in the area, Zulus killed some 300, including 185 children. The rest survived because grazing requirements for their animals meant that the Boer camps had to be widely dispersed. If Dingaan’s men had scouted more thoroughly, found all the encampments, and attacked them simultaneously, the slaughter would have been far greater. 
Pretorius arrives 
The Boers now faced their greatest challenge. Their camps were full of wounded men, orphaned children, and widows. The Zulus had stolen an estimated 25,000 head of cattle and sheep during the Weenen slaughter, and ammunition was running low. The Zulu armies might return at any time, and they were a formidable force, as the Boers discovered when they launched a raid to avenge the massacre. On April 6, 1838, 347 trekkers under a divided command of Piet Uys and Hendrik Potgieter rode into Zulu territory only to be defeated by some 7,000 warriors not far from Umgungundhlovo in what became known as the Battle of Italeni. 
This new disaster forced the Boers to face reality: They had to either abandon their quest for independence and return to the Cape Colony, or find some means to fight their way through. The widows and orphans argued strongly for pushing on. They knew that if they fell back to the Cape they would have to live on charity, whereas if Dingaan could be defeated they could at least recover their livestock. Many Boers were also convinced that God favored them, and that setbacks were only a test of faith. 
It was at this moment of indecision that a popular lawyer named Andries Pretorius answered the trekker call for reinforcements, and rode into camp with 60 men and a brass cannon. The Boers appointed him commander in chief on November 25, and he immediately began preparing a strike against the Zulu. 
His means were few. A force of only about 468 Boers, including three Scotsmen, set out on November 27 seeking battle. For extra protection, the Boer column of 64 wagons traveled four abreast, instead of the usual single file. Each night, they formed a circular defensive formation, known as a laager. 
Pretorius realized that even with two front-loading cannon, his force was too weak to defeat the Zulu army in an open field. He therefore decided to draw the enemy into an attack on the Boer encampment. Each day patrols and scouting parties rode ahead, sometimes led by Pretorius himself, to make sure no unexpected surprises were waiting over the horizon. 
On December 9, 1838, the Boer party reached the Zandspruit tributary of the Waschbank River. It was here that the Boer chaplain, Sarel Cilliers, first pledged during his nightly sermon that if God helped them defeat the Zulus, they and their descendents would celebrate that day in honor of God, and that they would build a church in commemoration. The Boers repeated this oath, known in Afrikaner folklore as “the covenant,” every night until they met the enemy. 
There appeared to be no movement from the Zulu side. On December 12, Pretorius decided to move camp to the Buffalo River, hoping to provoke the Zulus by moving farther into their territory. That day, he sent out two patrols, one under the command of his deputy, Commandant Hans De Lange, and another, under the Scotsman Edward Parker. This latter group saw action when they came upon a small group of Zulus. They killed the warriors and took the women prisoner. 
Pretorius drew up a message for Dingaan on a white cloth, explaining that he was leading a commando to punish the Zulus. If, however, Dingaan was willing to cooperate, Pretorius wrote, he was still willing to make peace—a generous offer in light of the earlier betrayal. He freed the prisoners and told them to give the message to Dingaan. He received no answer. 
On December 13, the Boers spotted Zulus and what appeared to be a large number of cattle near their camp. Piet Uys had been tricked by such a ploy at the Battle of Italeni. Zulu warriors, crouching behind toughened animal-skin shields, looked like cattle from a distance, and Uys dropped his guard. He was killed in a surprise attack by the “cattle.” 
Pretorius did not make the same mistake, and he sent a 120-strong mounted unit to investigate the “cattle.” They turned out to be Zulus, and in the short fight that followed the Boers killed eight warriors but suffered no casualties. Pretorius now suspected that the Zulus were preparing for battle. 
On December 15 he moved the Boer camp to a position alongside the Ncome River, itself a tributary of the Buffalo River. A scouting expedition that day confirmed the presence of two huge Zulu armies a short distance away. 
Pretorius prepared for battle. His men drew the wagons into a D-shaped formation, one side overlooking a large hippopotamus path facing the Ncome River, another side facing a soil erosion ditch, and the third side facing the open plain. Pretorius chose the site to limit the directions from which the Zulus could attack. 
The laager was large enough to contain all the horses and oxen. The defenders tied the wagons together with leather ropes, and closed off all openings between and below the wagons with a Pretorius innovation, so-called fighting gates, which were slatted wood fixtures through which defenders could fire. They left two small openings, sealed with removable fighting gates, so cavalry could leave the laager. Finally, they attached lanterns to the ends of large ox-whips planted upright in the ground. These dangled in front of the laager and were to serve as forward lighting during the dark hours when Zulu usually attacked. Zulus captured after the battle said they had believed the lights waving in the breeze above the Boer camp were spirits, and that fear of the spirits kept them from attacking that night. 
Battle is joined 
In Pretorius’s own account of the battle, he wrote that as the mist cleared on the morning of December 16, he saw that the Boer camp was completely encircled by tens of thousands of Zulu warriors, even where the terrain would have made an attack difficult. Estimates placed the number of Zulus at between 15,000 and 25,000, although no official count was possible. Whatever the figure, Pretorius wrote that it was a “terrible sight.” 
The Boers had been ready and armed since two hours before daybreak. The two cannon were in position, and the fighting gates closed. The defenders expected to run out of ammunition for the cannon, and had stacked up suitably sized stones at strategic points along the perimeter to fire as a last resort. The Boers would fire stones that day. 
The front lines of the Zulu force were still, squatting, only about 40 paces from the wagons, waiting for the signal to attack. Pretorius decided to strike first. At his signal, three bursts of fire from the Boer guns and two blasts from the cannon broke the silence. The Boers’ orders were to then hold their fire. As the billows of gunpowder smoke lifted, they saw that the surviving Zulus had fled some 500 paces from their former front line, leaving behind dozens of dying and dead comrades. 
The Boers then heard the noise of the Zulus breaking their spear shafts to make them into short, stabbing weapons. A frontal assault was coming. A few minutes later, the Zulu force stormed the wagons, screaming wildly, shields held high, and assegais in readiness. Withering gunfire ripped through the Zulu ranks, and while some managed to reach the wagons, they were gunned down before they could cut through the wagon canvasses. 
Another group of Zulus tried to attack from inside the erosion ditch by standing on each others’ shoulders and scrambling over the edge. Pretorius ordered Cilliers, the fighting churchman, to see off the attack. He led a group of men out of the relative safety of the wagon perimeter, and they proceeded to kill some 400 Zulus. One Boer, Philip Fourie, was wounded when an assegai struck him in the side. 
The Boers then wheeled one of their cannon out of the laager, pointed it into the ditch, and fired a shot that literally blew apart the assaulting party. The survivors fled the ditch in disarray. This sparked a temporary retreat by the Zulu, and marked the end of the second unsuccessful attempt to break the Boer lines. The wounded Boer, Fourie, returned to the wagon circle for treatment. 
As the Zulus waited for new orders, Pretorius ordered another burst of cannon fire into their ranks, provoking a spontaneous charge against the wagons. Although it was the longest single assault of the nine-hour battle, it was utterly defeated, as the Boers cut down wave after wave of attackers. Gun barrels got so hot men had to hold them with wet cloths for reloading. 
As the third attack fell back, the Boers launched their first surprise counterattack, as the mobile fighting gates swung open and a cavalry unit charged the Zulu lines. Shooting from the saddle, the Boers tried to turn the Zulu lines to their left. Desperate Zulu resistance, which saw hundreds more of their number killed, stopped the encircling action, and the Boer horsemen rode back to the wagons. They regrouped and launched a second attempt, driving the Zulus further away. A third mounted charge finally broke through the Zulu lines. The Boer cavalry then turned and attacked the Zulus from the rear. Pinned between the cavalry and cannon fire from within the wagon circle, the main Zulu force facing the open plain scattered. 
A reserve Zulu force tried to cross the Ncome River to attack the laager but so many warriors were gunned down that their blood stained the water red. Pretorius himself then led another cavalry charge from within the laager. Cut to pieces, with thousands dead, the Zulu army, which had courageously charged repeatedly against a better-armed enemy, finally broke ranks and fled. 
Pretorius divided his cavalry into two units and sent them in pursuit. Mounted Boers killed hundreds of warriors during a three-hour chase. It was during this pursuit that Pretorius was wounded. Two other Boers, including Fourie, suffered nonfatal assegai wounds, but these were the only Boer casualties. An estimated 3,000 Zulus died on the battlefield, and many more died later from wounds. 
The Aftermath 
Early the next morning, Pretorius ordered the camp broken, and marched the commando straight to the Zulu king’s capital. He was confident the Zulus no longer posed any significant threat, but he hardly expected the sight that awaited him on December 20 at Umgungundhlovo. Dingaan had fled with his wives and cattle, leaving the circular camp of reed huts burning, as a symbol of the destruction of Zulu power. 
On the outskirts of the capital the Boers found the skeletons of Retief and his men. “Their hands and feet were still bound fast with thongs of ox hide,” wrote Cilliers, “and in nearly all the corpses a spike as thick as an arm had been forced into the anus so that the point of the spike was in the chest.” Retief, who was identified by the remains of a satin vest he had worn, still had a leather bag draped over his shoulder bone. In it was the treaty, signed by Dingaan, giving the Boers the unoccupied land to the north. According to one of the Boers who saw it, the treaty was astonishingly well preserved—as if it had been “left in a closed box.” Pretorius’s men buried Retief and his party on Christmas Day 1838. 
Dingaan fled north but was captured by a rival tribe, the Swazis. Earlier, he had persecuted the Swazis, and they murdered him in revenge. The new Zulu king, Mpande, was officially installed in 1840, and confirmed the contents of the treaty with the Boers, who established their first republic in southern Africa. Also in 1840, in fulfillment of their covenant, the Boers built a church to mark the Blood River victory. 
The Battle of Blood River entered the Afrikaner psyche as a divinely-inspired victory, and December 16 became a public holiday in South Africa, celebrated each year with festivals, church services, and reenactments. The battle represented the victory of European civilization over the darkness of Africa, of Christianity over heathens. It helped justify white supremacy and the self-appointed right of Afrikaners to rule over, not apart from, the black tribes. 
Yet the Battle of Blood River, in many ways, symbolized all that was wrong with the white settlement of southern Africa, and why that experiment failed. The Boers are to be praised for wanting to settle unoccupied land peacefully, and for seeking the friendship of neighboring peoples, but neither they nor their descendents understood that demography is the arbiter of nations. Those who form the majority population of a territory will rule that territory, no matter how powerful a ruling elite may be. They will determine its culture and society. A majority-European population will create a society that reflects European values and norms. A majority-African population will create a society that reflects African norms. 
The Boers never understood this. Even at the Battle of Blood River they had at least 60 black servants and an indeterminate number of mixed-race servants, who helped load weapons. Parker, one of the Scotsman, had more than 100 black servants. 
To the present day, the overwhelming majority of Afrikaners have black servants who work on farms, in factories, and in homes. Afrikaners failed to understand that by giving the native population the benefits of European civilization, blacks would grow in numbers and overwhelm their society. The Cape Colony and the original Boer republics, which were largely uninhabited by natives when they were settled by Europeans, are today home to tens of millions of Africans. 
The Church of the Vow, built by the Boers in 1840, still stands in the town of Pietermaritzburg, named after Piet Retief. But Pietermaritzburg, supposedly the symbol of the Boer victory over the Zulus, is today part of a municipality called Umgungundhlovo, named after Dingaan’s capital. It is also the capital of the South African province of Kwa-Zulu Natal, and its population is more than 95 percent black. 
The Church of the Vow stands alone, graffiti-scarred and abandoned, in a dirty downtown slum. Its decay illustrates the fatal error made by the victors of the Battle of Blood River, that of ignoring the demographics of race. If whites had taken possession of those unoccupied lands and kept them for themselves alone the history of South Africa would have been entirely different. 
If the Boers had inhabited and worked their own land rather than rely on black labor, the states they created might still be strong and independent today. Their decision to use non-white labor was a critical error that undid all of the sacrifices of the early pioneers. 
The only way to maintain a civilization is for the majority to occupy its own land with its own people, and to do its own manual labor. This law governs the rise and fall of civilizations, and the victors of Blood River ignored it, to their cost.",0
8394,Iraqis in Mosul Find US Missiles at Captured Islamic State Base,"By Kurt Nimmo, Blacklisted News The Iraqis found missiles at an Islamic State base in Mosul stamped with USA and DOD. The discovery did not... ",0
8395,Democrat Representative on House Floor: Trump ’Must Be Impeached’,"Rep. Al Green ( ) speaking on the House floor Wednesday morning, said President Trump “must be impeached. ”[“It’s a position of conscience for me,” Green said. “This is about what I believe. And this is where I stand. I will not be moved. The president must be impeached”:  Rep. Al Green calls for Trump’s impeachment: ’No one is above the law and that includes the president’ pic. twitter.   —   Philip Lewis (@Phil_Lewis_) May 17, 2017,  Green joined other Democratic lawmakers to call for the president’s impeachment, although Democratic leadership in Congress said it was too soon to move ahead with such action, Fox News reported. “I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to call for the impeachment of the President of the United States of America for obstruction of justice,” Green said, suggesting that Trump’s firing of former FBI Director James Comey obstructed an investigation into his campaign’s alleged ties to Russia. “We cannot allow this to go unchecked —  the president is not above the law, it is time for the American people to weigh in. ” Green was the first of his Democratic colleagues in the House to call for Trump’s impeachment, inspired by a New York Times report claiming that Trump asked Comey to end an investigation into the former National Security adviser, Michael Flynn. The Hill reported that Green started calling for Trump’s impeachment on Monday, when he said his colleagues in Congress should take up the mantra “ITN: Impeach Trump Now. ” Green originally said that he would wait a few weeks before starting impeachment proceedings, KHOU reported. Many Democrats and Republicans in Congress, however, are not ready to jump on the impeachment bandwagon just yet. “Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the president such as accusations that he committed an impeachable offense,” Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick ( ) told lawmakers after the speech. Ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) said Wednesday that impeachment is not something that should be rushed. “No one should rush to embrace the most extraordinary remedy for removing a president,”  Schiff said.",0
8396,When a Basic Laptop Will Do: Our Top Budget Picks - The New York Times,"Ever since the advent of the iPhone and iPad, some people have been using their laptops a lot less. It made me wonder if I need one at all. So I asked Kimber Streams, who tests laptops at The Wirecutter, a product reviews website owned by The New York Times, for some advice. For people who basically use their laptop to browse the web and send email, is there a cheap option? Definitely. For those people, I recommend a Chromebook. It’s a laptop in the traditional sense, but it runs Chrome OS, a lighter operating system by Google that’s basically just a web browser. And you can get a great one for around $400. A Windows laptop that’s just as good costs at least $500, and they tend to be bigger and heavier, with worse battery life. With a Chromebook, can I use all the Google apps and store documents and spreadsheets on Google Drive? Yes. Google’s apps (which I use all the time for work) can open spreadsheets and documents, including those created in Microsoft Office. And most Chromebooks come with 100 gigabytes of free Google Drive storage for two years. Chromebooks encourage people to store documents in the cloud, because the machines have very little local storage (usually about 32 gigabytes). Microsoft also offers Office 365, a way to access Word, Excel and such on the web, if you need to use those particular programs. What’s the cheapest Chromebook to buy and what do you recommend? There are $200 Chromebooks, but we don’t recommend them because they usually have two gigabytes of memory and poor processors, which means you can’t have more than a couple of tabs open and everything loads very slowly. They’re truly painful to use, even for light browsing. Our top pick, the Lenovo ThinkPad 13 Chromebook, is $430, and our budget pick, the Dell Chromebook 3380 Education, costs $300. That one is fast enough, but it has a shallow keyboard and a dim,   screen. Even so, it’s the cheapest viable Chromebook. I always wondered why these things can’t run the apps that can run on phones, so I can do more things with them. Well, Google’s working on that! But it’s pretty rough around the edges right now. Google perpetually updates Chrome OS, so it’s possible apps will improve over the next couple of years. When I buy a laptop, do I still need to be concerned about specs? Yes, but only a little bit. Right now, a Chromebook shouldn’t have fewer than four gigabytes of memory, and a Celeron processor. A Windows laptop for everyday work needs at least eight gigs, and we recommend a Core i3 or Core i5 processor and a   drive. For gaming or video editing, you’ll need 16 gigabytes of memory, at least a Core i5 or i7 processor, a dedicated graphics card and a   drive. Processors aren’t improving as quickly as before, so any of the past few generations are fine, as long as they’re Core i processors. If I still need a real laptop, what should I be thinking about? Do you even recommend the best cheap Windows machine? Not really. Chances are, if all you need is a cheap laptop, then a Chromebook would work just as well and offer better performance. If you have only $500 to spend, then the cheap Windows laptop is your only option. It’ll do everything you need it to, but it’s large, bulky and has poor quality. If possible, I highly encourage people to save up an additional $200 or so and get the budget pick from our review of the best Windows ultrabooks: the Asus ZenBook UX330UA. It’s thin, lightweight, has excellent quality and battery life, and costs only $750. It’s an amazing computer for the price. It’s so good that we seriously discussed whether to recommend it over the Dell XPS 13, which has been our best Windows ultrabook since it was introduced in early 2015. We ultimately decided that Dell’s superior trackpad, Thunderbolt 3 support and portability made it worth the splurge if you can swing it, but the ZenBook is still a great option. In fact, my mom is shopping for a laptop right now, and that’s the one I told her to buy.",0
8397,Fran Lebowitz: By the Book - The New York Times,"The humorist and social commentator says her ideal literary dinner party is one that nobody is invited to: “My idea of a great literary dinner party is Fran, eating alone, reading a book. ” What books are on your night stand now? There are no books on my night stand, because I’m a lifelong insomniac, so eight or nine years ago, I thought: “Don’t read in bed. It’s too stimulating. Watch TV instead. It’s boring. ” And it’s true. TV is boring, but apparently not boring enough to make me fall asleep. So now instead of being overstimulated and awake, I’m bored and awake. What has your postelection reading looked like? My postelection reading has looked pretty much like tea leaves, with just exactly the success you might imagine. I’ve definitely noticed since the election that even though generally I have a lifelong preference for reading fiction, I have less interest in it now. Except for rereading, which I’ve been doing a lot. Especially John O’Hara. I suppose this is my way of comforting myself. What’s the last great book you read? This really kind of stumped me. Unlike almost everyone else I can think of, when I say great, I mean great. Not just great this year or not just extremely good. I know you’re not supposed to have this kind of   hierarchy of books. But I do. So I’m trying to think of the last really great book I read. And all I can come up with is something I reread, which was “Memoirs of Hadrian,” by Marguerite Yourcenar, which is actually great, and by great, I mean forever. What’s the best classic novel you recently read for the first time? “Little Dorrit. ” I never was a Dickens fanatic. Except for “Martin Chuzzlewit,” which I loved. But I was looking for something to read and I asked Deborah Eisenberg and she said, “Have you ever read ‘Little Dorrit’?” Which I had not, and I was so startled  —   since she rarely recommends a book that wasn’t written by a dead Hungarian  —   that I immediately read it, and I loved it. What’s your favorite book no one else has heard of?  This is a question that I really find odd. How do I know what no one else has heard of? I can name books that I think are fairly obscure. I could say Henry Green. But now, as of last summer, everyone is reading Henry Green. There is a writer named Wyndham Lewis, whom you’re supposed to hate, but I don’t. He wrote a book called, “The Apes of God,” which is a book I particularly like and am interested in. I suppose other people like it and have heard of it, but I assume it is obscure enough for this answer. Which writers  —   novelists, playwrights, critics, journalists, poets  —   working today do you admire most?  This is something I usually avoid answering, because you always leave someone out. But I wrote up a list. Toni Morrison, Deborah Eisenberg, Lynne Tillman, Wallace Shawn, Junot Díaz, Ben Katchor and Cynthia Ozick. Who is shockingly smart. Whose opinion on books do you most trust? Mine. When do you read? Pretty much all the time. Especially if I’m supposed to be doing something else. I was very frequently punished for reading as a child because I was reading when I was supposed to be doing homework. I got in trouble in school for reading, I got in trouble at home for reading. My mother would actually bang on my door and say, “I know you’re reading in there!” In my adult life, I’ve gotten in trouble for reading because I’m not writing when I’m reading. So it’s really rare that reading is unaccompanied by guilt for me. But I’ve learned to live with it. I feel guilty pretty much all the time. The only time I read without feeling guilty is on a plane, because what else could I possibly be doing? What moves you most in a work of literature? I think it might be the word “move” that kind of perplexes me, because that’s a word connected with emotion. I don’t really seek out emotion when reading. The feeling that’s most important to me when reading is that I’m absorbed. I just want to be taken away. I really like being dazzled. That would be nice. The thing I care least about in reading is the story. I just don’t care that much about stories. That may have to do with being older. Tell me a story I don’t know. But really, I read in order not to be in life. Reading is better than life. Without reading, you’re stuck with life. Which genres do you especially enjoy reading? And which do you avoid? In my lifetime, I’ve read one zillion mysteries. This is not because I care about who did it. I don’t care. And I almost never figure it out. I don’t have that kind of mind at all. I don’t care who did it. I have reread mysteries numerous times and I don’t even remember who did it. I’ve read all the Agatha Christies. I’ve read all the Nero Wolfe books by Rex Stout. He wrote many of them, but not enough for Fran. I’m always hoping to find one I’ve never read. It’s the same as the New Yorker’s dream of finding an extra room in your apartment that you didn’t know was there. One thing I like about mysteries is that they end. Which is true of so little else. I have avoided science fiction my entire life, or any kind of fantasy. When the Harry Potter books came out, I bought the first one because everyone said how great it was. But I didn’t like it. And I realized I would not have liked it as a child either. I’m not saying I don’t love her, because she did a great thing. To see children lined up outside bookstores  —   that was fantastic. But those kinds of books. . ’u2008. ’u2008. It’s like adventures or people who climb mountains or jump out of airplanes I find real life challenging enough. How do you like to read? Paper or electronic? One book at a time or several simultaneously?  Obviously, paper. I mean, actually, on his show once, Jimmy Fallon gave me a Kindle. He actually gave it to me as a present. I said: “I know you gave me this because I don’t have one. You know what else I don’t have? A Bentley. ” I don’t think they’re horrible. I don’t object to them. I’m just not interested in them. People are always showing me this stuff like I’m from outer space and I’ve never heard of it. I have really bad eyesight, so they always tell me you can make the type bigger. I suppose that would be a good thing for me, but I don’t care. I’d rather squint. I see people using them on the subway. It seems to me that the majority of people you see reading on these things are in their 40s. I see fewer kids reading on them, and by kids I mean people in their 20s. These are the people I see most frequently reading actual books, which I find very encouraging. How do you organize your books? My books are organized first by category. Fiction, letters, essays. Those kinds of categories. And then there are many subdivisions. Then within categories, they’re alphabetized. I always have arguments with the guy who helps me organize my books, because I have a biography section. He says: “You can’t have a biography section. You have to have them arranged by writer. For instance, Henry James’s fiction, then the letters, the biographies, etc. ” And I say: “I know. That’s the right way to do it. But that would take up too much space. ” All the apartments I buy or rent are for my books, not for myself. I don’t need the space. I’m   . I have a whole bookcase that this guy calls “your crazy books. ” The crazy book category. Those books are not alphabetized. I also have a large reference library. I have numerous encyclopedias I have many, many dictionaries. I actually bought myself the Encyclopaedia Britannica in 1978. I always wanted it, and when I wrote my first book and had some money, I bought it. I didn’t have it growing up I had the World Book, because it was less expensive. The Encyclopaedia Britannica was so hard to buy, I can’t tell you. I had to make one million phone calls. Because it was generally sold on an installment plan. They didn’t know how to send these books to someone who is just going to send a check. Nobody uses these books anymore, but I do. When the second edition of the O. E. D. came out, there was nothing I wanted more. It was like $10, 000. I had a friend who owned a bookstore, and I begged her to let me buy it at cost, and she did. It was still several thousand dollars, but I’m delighted to own it, even though I think it’s now free on the internet. You’re in the process of moving your personal library. What’s that been like?  Believe me, I’m not in the process of it yet. Because it’s so awful, I keep putting it off. But I just did it a year and a half ago. They come and pack the books. That takes three days. But two times before that, it took two months to organize them first. I have many bookcases. They have glass doors. They are mostly  . The books all go in certain places in my apartment. I like to have fiction in the living room, reference books in the writing room. I have 10, 000 books. I know this because I move them. When I move, I go through them and take some out. Many books come to this house unbidden. And unbidden books, I don’t want to keep them. Once the books are all rearranged, I can put my hand on any book. I know where they all are. What book might people be surprised to find on your shelves? I don’t know. Maybe my small library of soap carving books, because most people don’t have them. People are surprised at the fairly large number of cookbooks I have, because I don’t cook. I hate cooking, and I never cook. But I like to eat, and I like to read about food. The very first book in my library was a book my mother bought me at a house sale in the late 1950s called “Six Little Cooks. ” She bought it for a quarter. I couldn’t believe that I was allowed to have such a beautiful thing. This was my first book that I thought of as very valuable. It’s a story about a woman who goes to visit her niece and her friends and decides to spend the summer teaching them how to cook. It’s signed by the author and all the girls. Maybe because of this book, and maybe because they used to be so cheap (they no longer are) I have quite a few cookbooks. What’s the best book you’ve ever received as a gift? I don’t know. I’ve received some really wonderful books as gifts. I have some first editions of Dawn Powell, whom I love. I would never buy these books. I buy books to read. It adds about 80 zillion dollars to the price of a book to have a signed or first edition. I have some first edition Thurbers. I’m thrilled to have them, believe me. I got a first edition Thurber for my birthday this year, and that was the last book to make me laugh out loud when I reread it. I got kicked out of class in third grade reading Thurber. I couldn’t contain myself. I could not stop laughing. But not all funny writers are necessarily funny in that way. Oscar Wilde is probably the wittiest writer in English, but he doesn’t make me laugh out loud. There was a writer named Peter De Vries who did make me laugh out loud, so hard that when I was reading one of his books when I was in the hospital as a teenager, the nurse took it away from me because she thought I was going to break my stitches. Who is your favorite fictional hero or heroine? Your favorite antihero or villain?  I don’t really have these kinds of favorites. I probably had them as a child. I associate having favorite things with being a child. I’m not youthful enough to have these kinds of favorites. What kind of reader were you as a child? Which childhood books and authors stick with you most? I was a constant reader. Just like I am now. I was constantly reading. I read under the covers with a flashlight. I loved “The Secret Garden. ” The ones every girl my age read. I also have a lot of my mother’s books. Mostly I went to the library as a child. “Heidi,” Nancy Drew. I would say mostly conventional kinds of books. You’re organizing a literary dinner party. Which three writers, dead or alive, do you invite? None. I would never do it. My idea of a great literary dinner party is Fran, eating alone, reading a book. That’s my idea of a literary dinner party. When I eat alone, I spend a lot of time, before I sit down to my meager meal, choosing what to read. And I’m a lot better choosing a book than preparing a meal. And I never eat anything without reading. Ever. If I’m eating an apple, I have to get a book. Disappointing, overrated, just not good: What book did you feel you were supposed to like, and didn’t? Do you remember the last book you put down without finishing? I wouldn’t say disappointing or not good, but I will say that I have never enjoyed reading William Faulkner. I am not saying he’s not a great writer. I will just say that I prefer not to read him. I don’t enjoy reading him. I did not acquire the ability to not finish a book until I was 50 years old, which probably has to do with scarcity as a child: You have a book  —   finish it! But I’ve made a number of decisions since then. If you don’t like a book, stop reading it. If you don’t like a movie, walk out. Life is not a jail sentence. When I used to be able to go into bookstores all the time, when there were lots of bookstores, I could read a few sentences and put it down. Now I hear about a book and get someone to order it on the internet, and when the book arrives I find I don’t like it. I only read for pleasure. I don’t have to finish a book. Sometimes, I don’t realize how little I care about a book. Sometimes, I start reading a book and then realize I forgot I was reading it. And it disappears under a pile of books. Whom would you want to write your bio?  I would say Carolyn Keene. Because then at least I know they would find the culprit. If I’d known Carolyn Keene was not a person as a child, I would have been crushed. All women my age loved Nancy Drew books. In the ’80s, they had this Nancy Drew party to celebrate some new editions, and every single woman writer in New York was there, dying to talk about Nancy Drew. There weren’t many books about girls, let’s face it. It was pretty uncommon. What do you plan to read next? I don’t plan my reading. I really don’t. I’m always surprised. I can’t believe that people keep these lists of the books they read. People are so organized! This is a cast of mind so different from mine. I do have piles of books that I haven’t read yet. When I finish a book, I go through that pile. I recently noticed a book that hadn’t been read through two moves. I’ll give it to someone. It’s a good book. It’s just not for Fran. If you could require the president to read one book, what would it be?  It would depend on who’s reading it to him.",0
8398,"Assange: Clinton And ISIS Are Funded By Same People, “Trump Not Permitted To Win”","Julian Assange has undoubtedly been on a run, exposing endless and shocking truths regarding Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton just days before the election is set to reveal the path the next four years will take in the U.S. Via CollectiveEvolution 

And now there’s more news to be baffled over, with Assange claiming Hillary Clinton misled Americans about the reality of Islamic State’s support from Washington’s Middle East allies. Last month, Assange’s WikiLeaks made a 2014 email public that exposed how then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged then adviser to President Barack Obama John Podesta to “bring pressure” on Qatar and Saudi Arabia, saying that they were “providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL [Islamic State, IS, ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups.” In a video, Assange called the email the “most important” of the entire collection of ammo WikiLeaks has obtained against the Clinton campaign: All serious analysts know, and even the US government has agreed, that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIS and funding ISIS, but the dodge has always been that it is some “rogue” princes using their oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. But that email says that it is the government of Saudi Arabia, and the government of Qatar that have been funding ISIS.
Assange sat down with veteran journalist John Pilger for a 25-minute interview within the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, where Assange has been living as a refugee since 2012. He discussed in detail the conflict of interest between Clinton’s official position, which occurred during Obama’s first term, husband Bill Clinton’s nonprofit, and the Middle East officials, claiming the output or urgency to fight terrorism may not have been heartfelt.
Here is a valuable excerpt from the interview: 
John Pilger: The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the first two, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation, while Hillary Clinton is secretary of state, and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly Saudi Arabia.
Julian Assange: Under Hillary Clinton – and the Clinton emails reveal a significant discussion of it – the biggest-ever arms deal in the world was made with Saudi Arabia: more than $80 billion. During her tenure, the total arms exports from the U.S. doubled in dollar value
JP: Of course, the consequence of that is that this notorious jihadist group, called ISIL or ISIS, is created largely with money from people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation?
JA: Yes.
Pilger asked Assange if he thought the accusations against the Clinton campaign would have any effect on the Democratic nominee winning the 2016 presidential election. Assange also believes that next Tuesday’s election is absolutely rigged, and is in favor of Hillary Clinton. He said,
My analysis is that Trump would not be permitted to win. Why do I say that? Because he has had every establishment off his side. Trump does not have one establishment, maybe with the exception of the Evangelicals, if you can call them an establishment. Banks, intelligence, arms companies, foreign money, etc. are all united behind Hillary Clinton. And the media as well. Media owners, and the journalists themselves.
",0
8399,Donald Trump and Mike Pence Again Diverge on Endorsements - The New York Times,"PORTLAND, Me.  —   Facing urgent calls to stabilize his candidacy and declining poll numbers, Donald J. Trump struggled on Thursday to refocus his message after threatening to withhold his endorsement from top Republican officeholders, including Paul D. Ryan, the speaker of the House. Snarling Mr. Trump’s efforts to move past the controversy, he and his running mate, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, broke ranks for the second time in two days on questions of party unity. Having already split with Mr. Trump over his refusal to endorse Mr. Ryan, Mr. Pence went his own way again Thursday, telling WTKR, a television news station in Norfolk, Va. that he supported senators running for   whom Mr. Trump had snubbed, John McCain of Arizona and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire. Mr. Pence at first gave an equivocal answer on Thursday regarding the senators. But when asked by the television station to clarify whether he supported them, he said, “Well of course I support John McCain and Kelly Ayotte and all of our Republican incumbents. ” In his own travels, Mr. Trump was frustrated in his effort to go back on the offensive with an audacious foray into Maine, a solidly Democratic state in presidential elections. Visiting Portland, a liberal downstate city, Mr. Trump was repeatedly interrupted by young demonstrators brandishing   copies of the Constitution  —   a reference to Khizr Khan, the father of an American soldier killed in Iraq, who charged during the Democratic National Convention last week that Mr. Trump had never read the document. Mr. Trump’s campaign has been in crisis for a full week, since his criticism of the Khan family set off a war of words between Mr. Trump and a host of Republicans who have repudiated his comments. There were only scattered signs of healing on Thursday between Mr. Trump and the party he nominally leads. There is mounting pressure on Mr. Trump to regain his footing in the race and repair some of the damage he has sustained in swing states. Trailing Hillary Clinton in national polls, Mr. Trump has also fallen badly behind in a battery of   surveys released over the course of the week. He trailed Mrs. Clinton by 6 percentage points in Florida, according to a Suffolk University poll, and by 11 points in Pennsylvania in a poll taken by Franklin  Marshall College. Polls by local television stations in New Hampshire and Michigan found Mr. Trump well behind Mrs. Clinton in both states. This dire polling may further undermine Mr. Trump’s deteriorating relationship with Republicans in Washington. Mr. Trump played down the friction between him and Mr. Ryan at a campaign stop here on Thursday, calling Mr. Ryan a “good guy” and discouraging a supportive crowd from booing Mr. Ryan’s name. In turn, Mr. Ryan said he continued to support Mr. Trump, calling it a matter of respect for the will of the voters. Mr. Trump also projected feisty optimism during the visit to Maine, one of two states with the practice of awarding their Electoral College votes based on the popular vote in each congressional district. Mr. Trump said that some people believed that he could pick up a single Electoral College vote in the northernmost of the state’s two districts. But in an auditorium in Portland’s City Hall, Mr. Trump said he was hopeful about turning the whole state red for the first time since 1988. “We have such incredible people up here,” he said. “We have people that like Donald Trump. ” He drew rounds of applause with   riffs about keeping dangerous refugees out of the United States and building a wall on the border with Mexico. Attacking President Obama for arranging a large financial payment to Iran, Mr. Trump described seeing a video of a plane landing in Iran bearing cash in several currencies  —   even though there is no evidence that such a video exists. (At a news conference shortly after, Mr. Obama denounced criticism by Mr. Trump and others of the payments.) Mr. Trump told supporters that Mr. Pence had come to seek his permission before endorsing Mr. Ryan. “He said, ‘I like him, he’s a friend of mine, would you mind if I endorsed him, and I will not do it if you say no,’” Mr. Trump said. “I say, ‘Mike, you like him? Yes. Go ahead and do it. ” Yet Mr. Trump found a turbulent reception inside and outside the hall, where a crowd of demonstrators assembled. Several held up signs describing Mr. Trump as a fascist, and a few women held placards quoting Margaret Chase Smith, a Maine senator who vocally opposed Joseph McCarthy in the 1950s. During his remarks, Mr. Trump drew interruptions from the demonstrators who silently held up miniature copies of the Constitution, some of them with the logo of the American Civil Liberties Union on the back. As they were escorted out, the protesters faced jeers from Mr. Trump’s supporters several said they had been jostled or had their pocket Constitutions snatched away. Julia Legler, one of more than a dozen demonstrators, said the group objected to “Islamophobic,   garbage” emanating from the Trump campaign. She said their inspiration was Mr. Khan. “The goal was to make a statement, support Khizr Khan and, honestly, expose that Trump supporters have no ideas what they are talking about,” said Ms. Legler, 24. Mr. Trump was dismissive of the protest, calling it “sort of rude. ” As the crowd chanted over the demonstrators, Mr. Trump said several times in a weary tone, “Do whatever you want. ” As Mr. Trump’s candidacy has come under intensifying strain this week, he has sharpened his attacks on Mrs. Clinton, at times wielding unusually barbed language, even by the standards of his campaign. In Pennsylvania on Monday, Mr. Trump described the Democratic nominee as “the devil. ” And in Maine, Mr. Trump responded with approval when his top supporter in the state, Gov. Paul LePage, whipped up the crowd in a speech branding Mrs. Clinton “the queen of corruption. ” “We need to reject corrupt politicians,” Mr. LePage said. “We need to reject  . We need to make sure that we, the people of this country, defeat the queen of corruption. ” Joining Mr. LePage onstage, Mr. Trump responded enthusiastically. “I think,” he said, “we are going to have to use that. ”",0
8400,Dept of Homeland Security Inspector General Treating Leaks Selectively - Breitbart,"Department of Homeland Security Inspector General John Roth, an Obama appointee, is treating the February 24 leak of a draft DHS document central to the separate decisions by two federal judges revoking President Trump’s travel ban on March 15 differently than he did the April 2, 2015 unauthorized leak of private information about Rep. Jason Chaffetz from the employment files of the Secret Service. One day after the Chaffetz leak, DHS announced an OIG investigation. More than one month after the leak of the draft DHS document, published in a February 24 Associated Press story written by Vivian Salama and Alice C. Caldwell, DHS is silent as to whether an investigation has been or will be launched. On April 2, 2015, the Daily Beast reported that “House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, who oversees the Secret Service, never disclosed that he had applied for and was rejected from the agency in the early 2000s,” in an article written by reporter Tim Mak. Mak did not disclose in the article how he first learned of Chaffetz’s application to the Secret Service, which has been a part of the Department of Homeland Security since 2003. One day later, on April 3, 2015 CNN reported, “Senior staff from the House committee that oversees the Secret Service have asked the Department of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General to look into allegations that U. S. Secret Service employees circulated private personnel information about committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz. ” “Chaffetz’s office confirmed that the House Oversight Committee chairman applied unsuccessfully to a job with the Secret Service in 2003,” CNN reported, adding: The Secret Service referred CNN to the investigation being conducted by the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General as to whether any policies were violated. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson apologized to Chaffetz in a phone call Thursday night for the congressman “being put in the situation that he had to acknowledge a matter that should have been kept confidential,” according to DHS spokeswoman Marsha Catron. Johnson also called for an investigation into the matter, Catron said. “We conducted this investigation from April 2, 2015 to August 21, 2015,” the final report, “Investigation into the Improper Access and Distribution of Information Contained Within a Secret Service Data System,” made public on September 25, 2015 by DHS Inspector General John Roth —  an Obama appointee who has held over into the Trump administration —  noted. DHS Inspector General Roth’s quick pursuit of an investigation into the unauthorized leak of Congressman Chaffetz’s employment application to the Secret Service stands in stark contrast to his silence, and the department’s silence, on its reaction to the unauthorized leak of a draft DHS document, published in a February 24 AP story written by Vivian Salama and Alice C. Caldwell, that was cited as key evidence in the separate decisions by two federal judges on March 15 to revoke President Trump’s travel ban. “As a matter of policy, DHS neither confirms nor denies the potential existence of ongoing investigations,” DHS spokesperson Gillian Christensen tells Breitbart News.  While that silence on “the potential existence of ongoing investigations” may be the current policy, it was apparently not the department’s policy on April 3, 2015 when a spokesperson for the Secret Service confirmed the existence of a DHS OIG investigation into the Secret Service leak about Rep. Chaffetz. Nor does that policy appear to apply to a recent highly publicized DHS OIG investigation related to the implementation of President Trump’s Executive Order 13769 —  the initial temporary travel bans for citizens of seven Middle Eastern countries —  Iran, Sudan, Somalia, Syria, Yemen, Libya, and Iraq (the only one of the seven countries not included in the subsequent Executive Order 13780). On February 1, four days after President Trump signed Executive Order 13769, “The Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General (DHS OIG) announced that it will review DHS’ implementation of the recent Executive Order,“Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States. ” The review is being initiated in response to congressional request and whistleblower and hotline complaints: In addition to reviewing the implementation of the Executive Order, the OIG will review DHS’ adherence to court orders and allegations of individual misconduct on the part of DHS personnel. If circumstances warrant, the OIG will consider including other issues that may arise during the course of the review. The leaked draft DHS document published in the February 24 AP story was three pages in total, and had no letterhead nor any other markings to indicate it originated in the DHS, nor did it bear the name or signature of any current DHS employee. The authors of the story, however, asserted that it originated within the DHS Office of Intelligence and Analysis, an assertion not disputed by a spokesperson for DHS, who did note, however, that it was an “incomplete” and “draft” document and not an authorized official position of DHS. The leaked document did however, cite another DHS document in an end note as the source of the data described within it, ” DHS IA   Activities Study: 16 FEB 17 DOI 01 Mar 11  —   31 Jan 17 DHS IA   Activities Study. ” Breitbart News asked DHS to obtain a copy of this document, as well as a description of its classification status, but did not receive a response to that request. Information about the classification status of that cited document may play a key role in determining the potential level of criminality involved in the leaking of the draft document. If, for instance, it is a classified document, federal laws have clearly been broken. If it is “classified but sensitive,” federal laws have likely been broken. If it is completely unclassified, prosecutors would have a more difficult time proving violation of federal laws, but the leak would certainly be cause for termination at DHS. “Generally speaking, DHS employees are held to the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct. Any allegations of misconduct are taken seriously and addressed appropriately,” Christensen adds. In the case of the unauthorized leak of Rep. Chaffetz’s employment application, those allegations were addressed more than a year later, on May 27, 2016, when Homeland Security Security Jeh Johnson announced, “The U. S. Secret Service has punished 41 employees in the improper access and leak of House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz’s personnel files during his committee’s investigation of the beleaguered agency,” as Law 360 reported. Johnson’s statement from the U. S. Department of Homeland Security, which oversees the Secret Service, referenced a September DHS Office of Inspector General report that found records from the Utah Republican’s 2003 application with the agency were accessed around 60 times. From there the decision was one of accountability, Johnson said, with the conduct of 57 Secret Service staff reviewed, and 41 of those being punished. “This discipline includes a letter of reprimand to one individual, suspended discipline contingent on no further misconduct for a period of five years, and suspensions from duty without pay for periods of up to 45 days,” Johnson said. “The one individual found by the Inspector General to have disclosed the private information to an outside source, the Washington Post, has resigned from the Secret Service. I found no basis to take any action with respect to the Director or Deputy Director. ” The apparent lack of curiosity displayed by the DHS Inspector General as to the origins of the leaked draft DHS document that played such a central role in the constitutionally significant decisions made separately by Judge Derrick Watson of the U. S. District Court of Hawaii and Judge Theodore Chuang of the U. S. District Court of Maryland on March 15, revoking President Trump’s Executive Order 13780, raises further questions about the conduct of the federal bureaucrats in the new Trump administration. “Democrats own the Deep State, that network of embedded bureaucrats, academics and media, judicial activists, and spooks that is operating to stymie, discredit, and ultimately remove from office a president that is a threat to their mutual agenda. They are agreed that government should control more of life’s essential functions, and that benign rule of the enlightened can reshape society to match their visions,” Thomas Lifson writes at American Thinker about this leak. “The draft report [leaked to the Associated Press and published on February 24] came from DHS’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis, which was headed by David Grannis, an Obama holdover bureaucrat. Grannis is a partisan Democrat who previously worked as a staffer for Democrats Dianne Feinstein and Jane Harman. A DHS spokesman “would neither confirm nor deny that Grannis was the author of, or had reviewed, the leaked document  …    . ” ” John Hinderaker writes at Powerline Blog: How about the reporters? It pretty much goes without saying that AP reporters are Democrats. But Leahy also points out [in a March 27 article at Breitbart] that Vivian Salama formerly worked for Rolling Stone, where she wrote that Yemen —  one of the countries covered by the travel order —  “holds a special place in my heart. ” She has bitterly denounced U. S. drone strikes in Yemen. So it appears that what happened here is that Democratic Party activists in the Department of Homeland Security either created a bogus document or dug up a   draft document that had never been issued, and fed it to Democratic Party activists at the Associated Press. The Democratic Party activists at the AP published a story based on the anonymous document, which two Democratic Party activists on the bench used as a pretext for orders enjoining the president’s travel order. Those orders should be viewed as purely political acts that have no basis in any valid judicial reasoning or authority. “I suspect that we will see many more examples of the Deep State in action because we are getting more aware of them, as they are getting more desperate, careless, and  . Naming it, defining it, and documenting it are important aspects of the fight against it. The Deep State does not like the light for good reasons,” American Thinker’s Lifson concludes. DHS Inspector General Roth’s conduct of the office’s earlier investigation into the Secret Service leak was questioned in a September 28, 2015 Washington Post article written by Jerry Markon. “John Roth is the top watchdog at the Department of Homeland Security, a position shielded by law from outside pressure so he can conduct independent inquiries of the government’s sensitive internal workings,” the Post reported. But during a nearly completed investigation of the Secret Service, Roth’s office has taken the unorthodox step of allowing officials from the service to work alongside his agents as they tried to determine how unflattering information about a congressman was disclosed from the agency’s files, according to half a dozen people familiar with the inquiry. Legal experts and former government investigators said the approach threatens the integrity of the investigation of who at the Secret Service uncovered and leaked material showing that Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( )  —   chairman of a House committee overseeing the agency  —   had once been rejected for a job as an agent. Chaffetz has been an outspoken critic of the Secret Service, which has been rocked recently by   security breaches. Secret Service staff members  —   inspectors from the agency’s internal affairs office who examine possible misconduct among employees  —   sat in on interviews with some of the more than 40 agents and officers questioned about the unauthorized disclosures, the people said. In some cases, the Secret Service inspectors contacted witnesses directly and questioned them along with investigators from the DHS Inspector General’s Office headed by Roth, who is responsible for examining alleged wrongdoing across the breadth of Homeland Security. “In one instance, Roth’s agents and Secret Service inspectors jointly questioned an agent about Carol D. Leonnig, a reporter for The Washington Post who has uncovered security missteps by the service, according to the agent’s attorney. Investigators asked about stories related to Chaffetz and other subjects and confronted the agent with his personal cellphone records, showing alleged calls and texts with Leonnig, the lawyer said,” the Post noted: The service’s involvement in investigating itself is problematic, experts say, because top officials at the agency had an incentive to embarrass Chaffetz. The participation of the service’s inspectors also could deter internal whistleblowers from coming forward with additional allegations of misconduct for fear of retribution by their bosses, the experts said. You just don’t do it. You don’t have the agency you’re investigating involved in the investigation,’’ said Eric Feldman, who held   posts in inspector general’s offices at four federal agencies in Democratic and Republican administrations and now advises companies on ethics. “That’s why you have an independent inspector general: to avoid the potential for conflict. ’’ The agent’s cellphone records were obtained through an administrative subpoena issued by the DHS inspector general, people familiar with the probe said. Such subpoenas are a device that lawyers and former government officials say federal agencies increasingly use to force people and companies to turn over personal records and other documents without the prior approval of a judge. Breitbart News asked Department of Justice if it intended to launch its own investigation into the leak of the draft DHS document, but has not received a response. “There are laws regarding the unauthorized disclosure of classified materials and a process by which agencies can report unauthorized disclosures to the Department of Justice,” the FBI spokesperson tells Breitbart News. “You should direct your questions to DHS to determine whether such a disclosure has occurred. Typically, documents would contain portion markings indicating classification,” the spokesperson said. “Ethics or policy violations would also be reviewed by the appropriate office within DHS, not the FBI,” the spokesperson added.",0
8401,Fatal Shooting by Police Shakes Charlotte’s Self-Image - The New York Times,"CHARLOTTE  —   This has always been a place that has prided itself on order, consensus and a   corporate mentality that turned a locale with no real geographic reason to exist into one of the hemisphere’s financial dynamos. It has also gained a reputation for racial amity, from its nationally recognized commitment to busing and integrated schools in the 1970s and ’80s, to the election of Harvey Gantt in 1983 as one of the South’s first prominent black mayors. But the fatal police shooting on Tuesday of a black resident, Keith Lamont Scott, and the protests that have followed are among numerous bumps and jolts that have shaken Charlotte’s sense of itself recently as it emerged from a successful small city to a more complicated larger one. The tension continued on Thursday as Mr. Scott’s family was allowed to view videos of the shooting but officials said they would not be made public. As protesters gathered for a third night, the mayor imposed a    a. m. curfew. After decades in which it willed itself to   status, Charlotte in the last decade has had to grapple with a host of   problems, including a corruption scandal that brought down a mayor, a recession that shook the banking industry to its foundations, a previous fatal police shooting of a black man in 2013 that sent angry residents into the streets and, this year, a   culture war with the state legislature over an   ordinance. There has also been a growing realization here of the depths of poverty that have come to coexist alongside the comfortable New South reality enjoyed by the city’s business class. Charlotte, with an estimated population of 827, 000, is a city of   memberships,   S. U. V.s in church parking lots and small plates of rabbit gnocchi at the clubby Wooden Vine Wine Bar and Bistro. But Mecklenburg County, of which Charlotte is the county seat, also ranked 99th among the largest 100 counties in the United States in a 2015 measure of poor children’s economic mobility. It was one reason that the explosion of frustration this week did not catch everyone off guard. “I’m not surprised,” said State Representative Carla Cunningham, an   who represents the neighborhood where Mr. Scott was killed. “These social ills, at some point we must address them, because that is part of the hopelessness that these people are feeling. ” On Wednesday night, Ms. Cunningham joined a few dozen people, many of them black, around the growing shrine to Mr. Scott in the parking lot of the tidy   apartment complex where he was shot. They spoke passionately about the need for police reform, but also about the fact that it was hard for them to get by in Charlotte. One woman said she was ready for her reparations payments, and for her promised 40 acres of land. “You can keep the mule,” she quipped. LaWana Mayfield, a black woman who is a member of the City Council, said the week had been “a   call for some people in Charlotte. ” But she quickly added: “For a lot of people in Charlotte, it’s not a   call. It’s a reality that we have already been dealing with. ” Charlotte has long been a city built on business. Tom Hanchett, a historian here, notes that it was originally situated along a Native American trading path. It began to emerge as a banking powerhouse in the 1980s in part because of the efforts of Hugh L. McColl Jr. a banker and former Marine who, as chief executive of the NCNB Corporation, a Charlotte bank, oversaw a series of mergers and acquisitions and creative deals. The end product was the giant Bank of America corporation, today the state’s   private employer. Charlotte attracted even more banks, a number of corporate headquarters, and more and more people whose main interest was commerce. The newcomers who flocked here for new opportunities encountered a Southern city that had, in the 1950s and 1960s, chosen a relatively moderate, integrationist path, in contrast to places like Birmingham, Ala. But the city, which produces 30 percent of North Carolina’s gross domestic product, also suffers from serious racial disparities in income. Gene Nichol, a law professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, who has been studying poverty in the city, noted in a recent study that the median household income for whites in Mecklenburg County is 86 percent more than the household income for blacks and Hispanics. “Charlotte has something of a structural problem, which is not uncommon” in the United States, Mr. Nichol said Thursday. “Charlotte produces a lot of good jobs, a lot of   employment, and also a very large number of   jobs that do not provide an adequate living standard. ” Charlotte residents like Samuel Henderson can feel stuck between the promise of the city of commerce and the reality of the city of the grind. Mr. Henderson, 24, an   is a house cleaner at a Charlotte hotel. He has some college education and two young children. He knows there are good jobs here, he said Thursday, “but you’ve got to go to college for them. ” He dreams of a future in which he starts his own business in Charlotte. But when asked if that future would be bright, he equivocated. “It’s a tough question,” he said. Though the Great Recession has come and gone here, the bomb that it set off in the banking industry shook the city’s confidence, said David Erdman, a lawyer and former member of the Charlotte City Council. Particularly distressing, Mr. Erdman said, was the 2008 fall of the giant   financial services corporation Wachovia, which was eventually acquired by Wells Fargo. At the time, Mr. McColl, in an interview with The Charlotte Observer, called the fall of Wachovia “a body blow to the city. ” Other shudders were felt in the public sector in June 2014, when Patrick D. Cannon, who had stepped down as mayor in March, pleaded guilty to federal charges that he had accepted tens of thousands of dollars worth of bribes and perks from business interests while in office. In less than a year between 2013 and 2014, four people served as mayor. It was a surprising stain on a political system that many here had long considered to be efficient and clean. It is also a system that has thrived on consensus and   within a moderate band of   political expression. Voters, over the years, have backed both Mr. Gantt, a Democrat, and Pat McCrory, a Republican, who served as mayor from 1995 to 2009. Mr. McCrory is currently the North Carolina governor. The current mayor, Jennifer Roberts, is a Democrat. But that sense of   politics, too, seems to have ebbed with the City Council’s approval, in February, of an ordinance that allowed transgender people to use, while in publicly owned buildings, the restroom that corresponded with their gender identity. By the end of March, the   General Assembly, backed by Mr. McCrory, had passed legislation that overturned Charlotte’s ordinance and restricted bathroom access for transgender people in public buildings across the state. A political, legal and cultural firestorm ensued. Performers like Bruce Springsteen canceled concerts in the state. The Atlantic Coast Conference and N. C. A. A. have pulled championship games out of the state. The N. B. A. decided to move the 2017   Game from Charlotte to New Orleans. In May, the federal Justice Department sued the state over the law, claiming it discriminated against transgender people. “Doggone, this has caused problems for our city and state,” Mr. Erdman said, including a test of Charlotte’s consensus model. Mr. McCrory, who was popular among many Democrats as well as Republicans during his long tenure as Charlotte mayor, now finds himself in a difficult   race against his Democratic challenger and potentially alienated from voters in the state’s largest city. Tuesday’s police shooting came as no great surprise to Mr. Henderson, the hotel worker. He remembered similar protests after a   police officer shot Jonathan Ferrell, an unarmed college student and football player, in 2013. The officer in that case was charged with voluntary manslaughter, but the case ended in a hung jury and a mistrial. All of this complicated history was going around in Mr. Henderson’s head on Thursday as he mopped the floors of the hotel. But as he exchanged pleasantries with a visitor in the lobby, he spoke only of the most unruly protesters, and how they had complicated the cherished narrative of progress here. “They’re making it worse,” he said, “not making it better. ”",0
8402,Watch This Incredible Video And Decide For Yourself: Did Hillary Clinton Cheat At The Last Debate By Using An Embedded Tablet Device In Her Podium?,"New Wikileaks documents show that Hillary Clinton, in association with the mainstream media, was given debate questions ahead of time. It’s also been rumored that the former First Lady may have used an ear piece at one of the debates, giving her a significant advantage.
Last week footage of the final Presidential debate begain circling the internet and showed that Clinton may have been using some sort of screen at her podium. While many dismissed this as a lighting effect, an investigation by Piper McGowin at The Daily Sheeple suggests that Hillary may have actually been using some sort of tablet device .
The following video will leave little doubt that something just wasn’t right at the last debate. As you’ll see, Hillary, who claims she was merely taking notes, was actually reading directly off of the podium, almost as if someone was feeding her answers and bullet points.
Moreover, and quite damning, the notes Hillary was supposedly taking were were being written down with a pen that didn’t have a tip on it . So, either she wasn’t taking notes, or, she was using a stylus on an electronic device.
Watch this incredible video and decide for yourself:

( Watch directly at Youtube ) 
For an extensive breakdown of the Wikileaks notes that add further legitimacy to the claims that Hillary’s podium is loaded with cheat-tech, we encourage you read Leaked Emails Reveal Hillary Can’t Speak for Very Long Without a Podium 
Related: Leaked Email: ‘If She Wins, Hillary Will Own the Supreme Court for the Next 30 to 40 Years’ and Did You Notice the Secret Message Behind Hillary During Last Night’s Debate? ",0
8403,EgyptAir 804’s ‘Black Box’ Recovered in Mediterranean - The New York Times,"CAIRO  —   The cockpit voice recorder from the EgyptAir flight that crashed in the Mediterranean last month has been recovered, according to a statement Thursday by Egyptian investigators. The recovery of the   black box came a day after the Egyptian Aircraft Accident Investigation Committee announced that searchers had found wreckage from the doomed Flight 804 scattered along the seabed. The French Bureau of Investigations and Analyses at the civil aviation authority confirmed that the cockpit voice recorder had been found. All 66 people aboard the Airbus A320 jetliner bound for Cairo from Paris were killed in the   crash on May 19, as the plane was near the end of its trip, in Egyptian airspace. The investigation committee said in a statement that the cockpit voice recorder had been found in a “damaged state. ” A team aboard the search vessel John Lethbridge, owned by Deep Ocean Search, was able to recover parts of the recorder, including its memory card. The statement said that the device would be sent to prosecutors and investigators in Alexandria, Egypt, and then to the investigative committee’s lab for analysis. Investigators are expected to spend the coming days removing, drying and testing the circuits of the voice recorder’s flash memory chip before trying to download its contents for analysis. If the recordings are readable, investigators can begin transcribing the conversations of the crew and other cockpit sounds captured  —   roughly two hours of data, which could provide clues about what happened during the plane’s descent. Air traffic controllers have said the crew did not communicate any emergency to the ground before radio contact was lost and the plane disappeared from their radar screens. Underwater search teams will also continue to scour the wreckage for the second black box, the flight data recorder, which tracks more than 1, 000 different data points, including the plane’s position, speed, altitude and direction when it began to experience difficulties. Investigators located the cockpit voice recorder, along with several sections of aircraft wreckage, less than two weeks after search teams first detected signals from its   underwater beacons, which emit a distinctive metronomic “ping. ” Provided the second recorder is found undamaged, investigators can try to synchronize its data with the voice recorder’s to make a timeline of what happened in the flight’s final moments. Since the start of the underwater search, however, investigators have only been able to isolate the pings of a single recorder, suggesting that the beacon on the flight data recorder either may not be emitting a signal, or that something  —   perhaps a large piece of wreckage or rock formations on the seabed  —   is muting or obstructing its propagation. Egyptian investigators have said that the batteries powering the EgyptAir jet’s beacons should last until around June 24. The chairman of EgyptAir, Safwat Musallam, said Thursday that “the search team has not picked up anything from the flight data recorder,” but he welcomed the news of the recovery of the cockpit voice recorder. “Of course, thank God, they found something,” Mr. Musallam said. “I was worried they wouldn’t, but I just want quick results. I just want to know what caused this. ” Mr. Musallam also said that he had been in touch regularly with the families of the passengers aboard Flight 804 and that after the discovery Thursday, they are “doing better after this, more or less. ” Wagdy Gerges, a relative of one of the victims, said families were hoping that the information from the voice recorder would “settle things and help them process what happened. ” “We want to know what will be heard,” Mr. Gerges said. “Was it a bomb? The exact details don’t matter to us because they are all gone. We just want to know the main cause. ”",0
8404,News Website Likes To Set Aside A Little Ad Space To Promote Own Articles - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Report: Friend Has Been Going By Middle Name This Whole Fucking Time CALABASAS, CA—Astounded that it had never come up at any point in the six years they had known each other, local woman Lucy Reed, 25, reported Tuesday that her friend Nicole Silberthau had apparently been going by her middle name this whole fucking time. Cake Just Sitting There Take It CHICAGO—Assuring you that there was nothing to worry about and not a soul around who would see you, sources confirmed Tuesday that a large piece of chocolate cake was just sitting there and that you should go ahead and take it. Man Approaches Box Of Powdered Doughnuts Like Snake Discovering Unguarded Clutch Of Bird Eggs ASHEBORO, NC—Quietly slinking into his office’s break room after spying the unattended confections from afar, area marketing associate Dan Keegan reportedly approached a box of powdered doughnuts Monday like a pine snake discovering an unguarded clutch of bluebird eggs. Reality Of Fatherhood Never Truly Dawned On Man Until He Held Newborn Son’s Hospital Bill MISSOULA, MT—Describing how he suddenly found himself overwhelmed by a flood of intense emotions, local man Mike Bentzen told reporters Monday the reality of fatherhood didn’t truly set in for him until the moment he held his newborn son’s hospital bill. All-Business Adult In Halloween Shop Beelines It Straight For Pinhead Mask BROOKLINE, MA—Without so much as glancing at the seasonal store’s wide selection of other Halloween-themed merchandise, all-business 34-year-old Brian Aubin reportedly strode right past several aisles of costumes and accessories Friday and beelined it straight for the Pinhead masks. ",0
8405,Victim in New Hampshire Prep School ‘Senior Salute’ Case Speaks Out - The New York Times,"A female student at an elite prep school in New Hampshire who accused a male senior of rape in 2014 only for him to be convicted of misdemeanor charges revealed her identity on Tuesday in an interview with NBC, saying she hoped to support other victims by discussing the difficulties she has faced, including being shunned when she returned to the school. “I want everyone to know that I am not afraid or ashamed anymore, and I never should have been,” the teenager, Chessy Prout, who was 15 at the time of the assault at St. Paul’s School in Concord, said  on “Today. ”  “It’s been two years now since the whole ordeal, and I feel ready to stand up and own what happened to me and make sure other people, other girls and boys, don’t need to be ashamed, either,” she said with her parents at her side. Ms. Prout said she was attacked in a mechanical room at the school in May 2014. In the trial that ended last August, a senior, Owen Labrie, was cleared of felony sexual assault charges but convicted of misdemeanor charges, including having sex with someone below the age of consent. Mr. Labrie, now 20, was sentenced to a year in prison and had to register as a sex offender in New Hampshire. He was freed on $15, 000 bail pending his appeal, during which he was ordered to comply with a 5 p. m. curfew at his mother’s home in Vermont. The case cast a spotlight on a culture  of secret rites and sexual conquest at St. Paul’s, including the “senior salute,” in which older students tried to engage younger ones in intimate acts: kissing, touching or more. The trial included details about the tradition, in which a key to the mechanical room on campus was passed around by senior classmates. Prosecutors said Mr. Labrie had drawn up a list of potential girls for his senior salute, and according to an affidavit, he told the police that he was “trying to be No. 1 in the sexual scoring at St. Paul’s School. ” Ms. Prout spent days testifying on the stand during the trial, saying that the accused had bitten her during the encounter and that she had told him “no” more than once. Mr. Labrie said the encounter had been consensual and had stopped short of sex. A statement from his lawyers on Tuesday said, “We remain hopeful that Mr. Labrie will receive a new trial where the full truth of what occurred with be revealed. ” In the interview on Tuesday, Ms. Prout described the difficulties of testifying. “It was something that was necessary,” she said, “although it was scary. ” “I wouldn’t be where I am today without having been able to speak up for myself during that time. ” She added, “I want other people to feel empowered and just strong enough to be able to say: ‘I have the right to my body. I have the right to say no. ’” Ms. Prout said she was upset by how Mr. Labrie’s testimony was received by the jury of nine men and three women. “They said that they didn’t believe that he did it knowingly, and that frustrated me a lot because he definitely did do it knowingly,” she said. “And the fact that he was still able to pull the wool over a group of people’s eyes bothered me a lot and just disgusted me in some way. ” The aftermath of the trial was also troubling, Ms. Prout said. She was determined to return to the school, she said, but some male friends refused to speak to her. On one occasion, she said, two senior football players organizing a Powder Puff football game said, “‘We’re only directing this at the upper formers because we’re not allowed to look at lower formers anymore. ’” She said she was “thinking that that had to be approved by the rector of the school. ” “And they let those boys go up there and make a joke about consent and the age. ” “I tried my best to go back to my school and try to have a normal life again. But if they’re going to treat this topic as a joke, this is not a place I want to be,” she added. Ms. Prout’s parents are suing the school for failing to “meet its most basic obligations to protect the children entrusted to its care,” The Concord Monitor reported in June, quoting a copy of the filing. In an emailed statement about Ms. Prout on Tuesday, the school said it “admires her courage and condemns unkind behavior toward her. ” It added, “We feel deeply for her and her family. ” “We have always placed the safety and   of our students first and are confident that the environment and culture of the school have supported that,” the school said. “We categorically deny that there ever existed at the school a culture or tradition of sexual assault. However, there’s no denying the survivor’s experience caused us to look anew at the culture and environment. ” Ms. Prout said she was working on a new social media campaign with the nonprofit organization Pave to support victims of sexual assault. Mr. Labrie was jailed in March after a judge ruled that he had violated his curfew in Vermont. But in May, a judge released Mr. Labrie again on bail.",0
8406,‘Big Success Story’: Sri Lanka Is Declared Free of Malaria - The New York Times,"After a long struggle, Sri Lanka, the large island nation southeast of India, was declared free of malaria last week by the World Health Organization. It has been more than three years since the last case. “This is a big success story,” said Dr. Pedro L. Alonso, the director of the W. H. O. ’s global malaria program. “And it’s an example for other countries. ” Sri Lanka almost succeeded in eliminating malaria 50 years ago, but its huge effort fell apart. The country became the example most frequently cited by malariologists to show how defeat could be pried from the jaws of victory. Through the 1940s, Sri Lanka routinely had a million cases of malaria a year. Then officials began an intensive public health campaign, relying on DDT to kill mosquitoes and chloroquine to cure the disease. By 1963, the annual caseload had fallen to a mere 17. Then the drive ran out of money and faltered, and annual cases of malaria rose above 500, 000 by 1969. By then, mosquitoes had evolved resistance to DDT, and by 1992 to its successor, malathion. Malaria parasites first showed resistance to chloroquine in 1984. But the failure also was political: The country’s ethnic fabric disintegrated. Sri Lanka had been the British colony of Ceylon, an exporter of tea and cinnamon. After its independence in 1948, the majority Buddhist Sinhalese began discriminating against the Hindu Tamils, whom the British had favored. Decades of civil war between the government and the Tamil Tigers ensued, with the latter aided covertly by India, until the rebellion was crushed in 2009. In 2000, outside the   areas in the northeast, malaria cases began dropping as the government, with donor help, deployed a mix of indoor spraying, bed nets, rapid diagnostic kits and medicines that combined artemisinin, an effective treatment, with other drugs. The government also screened blood samples drawn  —   for any reason  —   in public clinics and hospitals for malaria infection, and officials established a nationwide electronic   system. In   areas, the disease retreated more slowly, although the Tigers often cooperated with   teams because their villages and fighters also suffered. Nonetheless, in a population of 20 million, it took years to get rid of the last few hundred annual cases. Most were soldiers and itinerant laborers, often from India, who worked in remote    farming areas and in logging and   camps. The Sri Lankan health ministry set up mobile clinics near the camps, as well as at airports and ferry landings where migrants arrived, offering diagnosis and treatment to all. Free malaria care is still a core part of the country’s effort to prevent an imported case from leading to a new outbreak. “They don’t ask if anyone is legal or illegal,” Dr. Alonso said of the medical staff at the clinics. “If you ask questions, people won’t go. ”",0
8407,Elitists Will Reap Grapes of Wrath,"Elitists Will Reap Grapes of Wrath Michael Moore speaks the truth, but won't support Trump The Alex Jones Show - October 28, 2016 Comments 
Although he’s too tribal & too partisan to support Trump, Michael Moore eloquently lays out Trump supporters’ anger about what globalism has done to the middle class. 
He knows that we know who, how and why the elites destroyed our economic life. 
But he misses the optimism of Americanism and he turns a blind eye to Hillary’s corruption.  ",0
8408,’No Border Wall’ Mural on State Property Depicts ICE Agent Choking ’Mexican Worker’ - Breitbart,"A mural painted on state property near San Diego —  depicting an ICE Agent strangling a Mexican worker as he sends money home —  is stirring up a new controversy, according to a San Diego Union Tribune news story. [The new mural is located on the south support pillar under Coronado Bridge at the Interstate 5 underpass in what is now called, “Chicano Park. ”  The location of the park was scheduled to become a new CHP substation in the early 1970’s, but protestors from the “Barrio Logan” community staved off the plan, facing off against the state —  seizing the land for “chicanos” and demanding that a park be constructed to showcase chicano art. The mural —  painted by Salvador “Sal” Barajas —  one of the artists who painted the first “Historical Mural” in the park in 1973 that highlights key figures and history of the Chicano movement, was commissioned by a border activist group known as Border Angels. Border Angel’s founder, Enrigue Morones has been trying to raise the $10, 000 for nearly a decade —  but credits Trumps election with the new enthusiasm. Morones spoke to NBC 7 —  a local NBC affiliate out of San Diego: “Since November 8 things have changed  …    People are outraged, more volunteers, more funds. ” He added, “We’re totally opposed to the wall   …     We know that the wall kills people. ” Not everyone is happy about the new mural.  Some San Diego county residents are outraged —  calling the mural ‘incendiary’ and ‘ .’ Suellen Shea of Vista, who took issue with some of the imagery Barajas used, told the  :  “The artist has talent, but, in my opinion, much of it is offensive and   especially the ICE agent choking the migrant worker,” Shea reportedly said via email. “American Citizens want safety  sovereignty (enforced borders) for our country. Nothing strange or racist about that  —   Mexico does too. ” Mural painter Barajas thinks the graphic violence depicted is justified, according to the the Los Angeles Times:  “One hand represents U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, which is responsible for deporting people from the U. S. [and t]he other hand represents Mexican government officials, whose corruption makes it necessary for Mexicans to migrate for work. ” Barajas admits that the “text ‘No Border Wall’ was one of the last things added to the piece,” and is likely what inspired   donors to put up the money to denounce the looming border wall. San Diego has become the locus of the fight over President Trump’s wall over the past few months —  as prototypes will soon be constructed nearby in order to meet DHS’s June 1st target date.  Organized protests and violent resistance is expected by the agency —  and contractors are required to provide adequate security as part of their bids. A number of Californians have taken to social media to make their opposition known reports the LA Times.   “San Diego has many parks,” wrote Carol Hamilton, of Imperial Beach. “Only one is splattered with garish posters and   slurs  —   Chicano Park. A national shrine? I don’t think so. It’s time to whitewash it and use it as a park and not for politics. ” Chicano Park is not under the control of the city or county of San Diego —  the land on which it stands is part of a state easement controlled by CalTrans, who reportedly could revoke the right for any mural to be on California state property. Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author who is doing a book tour for his new book: Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless. He ran for governor in 2014. FaceBook: https:  . facebook. . donnelly.  Twitter:  @PatriotNotPol",0
8409,"Texas County Enacts ""Emergency Paper Ballots"" After ""Software Glitch"" In Voting Machines","Texas County Enacts ""Emergency Paper Ballots"" After ""Software Glitch"" In Voting Machines   Source: Zero Hedge 
Just yesterday we noted several social media complaints from Texas voters who alleged that when they voted a straight republican ticket that voting machines were switching their presidential selection to Clinton/Kaine. While most undoubtedly dismissed these reports as conspiracy theories, new official reports from Chambers County, Texas suggest that there might be some truth to the voting machine ""irregularities"". According to an NBC affiliate , polling stations in Chambers County had to enact emergency protocols yesterday and revert back to paper ballotsafter a ""glitch"" was discovered in the county's voting machines. 
The issue was actually discovered on Monday morning when Chambers County Clerk Heather Hawthorne was casting her own ballot and the voter next to her noticed that one of her votes was not filled in when she reviewed her electronic ballot Hawthorne told 12News on Tuesday. 

An error in the voting machine programming by Election Systems & Software (ES&S) caused votes for one statewide court of appeals race not to be entered when a voter tried to vote straight ticket in either party according to a release from Chambers County. 

ES&S is the vendor that Chambers County contracts with to program their voting machines. 

The Texas Secretary of State's office informed Hawthorne to create emergency paper ballots to continue voting until the problem could be fixed according to the release. 
Below is the official press release from the Chambers County Clerk: 

Of course, these confirmed reports from Chambers County seem eerily similar to problems reported yesterday on social media from people who also experienced problems when voting a ""straight republican ticket."" 

The following report also surfaced in Arlington, Texas from a person who voted a straight republican ticket only to find just before submitting her ballot that her presidential choice had been switched to Clinton/Kaine . After reporting the error to polling officials, the voter was told that these errors ""had been happening."" 

This Reddit user also noted multiple reports of voting errors across the state of Texas. 

Of course, the real question is how many people submitted erroneous ballots before this ""glitch"" was caught and how many other ""software glitches"" exist in other counties around the country that will never be caught?  ",0
8410,FBI Reopens Clinton Investigation As New Emails Found,"in: Government , Multimedia , Sleuth Journal , Special Interests U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton (© Carlos Barria / Reuters) The FBI has learned of more emails involving Hillary Clinton’s private email server while she headed the State Department, FBI Director James Comey told several members of Congress, telling them he is reopening the investigation. “In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of email that appear to be pertinent” to Clinton’s investigation, Comey wrote to the chairs of several relevant congressional committees, adding that he was briefed about the messages on Thursday. “I agree that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.” 
The FBI director cautioned, however, that the bureau has yet to assess the importance of the material, and that he doesn’t know how long that will take. 
The Clinton campaign has yet to comment, but an aide told CNN: “We’re learning about this just like you all are.” 
Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine was asked about Comey’s letter while campaigning at an early voting site in Tallahassee, Florida. “Gotta read a little more, gotta read a little more,” he told reporters. 
Representative Bob Goodlatte (R-Virginia), chair of the House Judiciary Committee, praised the decision to reopen the case. “Now that the FBI has reopened the matter, it must conduct the investigation with impartiality and thoroughness,”he said in a statement. “The American people deserve no less and no one should be above the law.” 
Almost 15,000 new Clinton emails were discovered in September, but it’s unclear if the announced investigation relates to them or other correspondence. The newly discovered emails are not related to Wikileaks or the Clinton Foundation, law enforcement sources told CNN’s Evan Perez. 
The messages were not found on the private email server in the Clintons’ New York residence, a government source told Reuters. 
The emails were apparently discovered as part of the sexting probe into former Representative Anthony Weiner (D-New York), the New York Times reported. His electronic devices, as well as those belonging to his wife, senior Clinton aide Huma Abedin, were seized during that investigation. 
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wisconsin) renewed his call for Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to “suspend all classified briefings for Secretary Clinton until this matter is fully resolved.” “Yet again, Hillary Clinton has nobody but herself to blame,” Ryan said in a statement. “This decision, long overdue, is the result of her reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with federal investigators.” Kellyanne Conway, Republican nominee Donald Trump’s campaign manager, applauded the decision. “That is superb. That is extraordinary news for the American people,”she told Yahoo News. “A great day in our campaign just got even better,” she tweeted. “They are reopening the case into her criminal and illegal conduct that threatens the security of the United States,”Trump said in Manchester, New Hampshire, 10 minutes after learning about the reopening of the case. “We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.” “I have great respect for the fact that the FBI and the Department of Justice have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made,”he said. “This was a grave miscarriage of justice that the American people fully understand, and it is everybody’s hope that it is about to be corrected.” “With that being said, the rest of my speech is going to be so boring. Should I even make the speech?”he joked before turning to his prepared remarks. The “FBI reopening investigation isn’t an October surprise, it’s an October nuclear explosion,”conservative political commentator Ben Shapiro wrote as part of a tweetstorm, adding that “Comey [is] trying to cover his a** 11 days before [the] election”and wondering if a “pre-emptive impeachment of a president elect”is possible because “the odds on President Tim Kaine just rose substantially.” An ‘October Surprise‘ is a major event that happens in the month before the election that affects the outcome of the vote. In response to the announcement, the Democratic Coalition Against Trump filed a complaint with the Department of Justice against Comey. “It is absolutely absurd that FBI Director Comey would support Donald Trump like this with only 11 days to go before the election,” Scott Dworkin, senior advisor to the Democratic Coalition Against Trump, said in a statement . “It is an obvious attack from a lifelong Republican who used to serve in the Bush White House, just to undermine her campaign. Comey needs to focus on stopping terrorists and protecting America, not investigating our soon to be President-Elect Hillary Clinton.” Stocks fell after Comey’s announcement, CNBC reported.",0
8411,"Fire in Normandy Bar Kills at Least 13, French Police Say - The New York Times","PARIS  —   A fire swept through a bar in northern France early Saturday, killing at least 13 people and injuring six others, the police and the interior minister said. The fire broke out after midnight at a birthday party at the Cuba Libre bar in the city of Rouen, in the Normandy region. More than 80 firefighters battled the blaze, Rouen’s mayor, Yvon Robert, said after it was extinguished. The fire was “totally accidental,” Mr. Robert told Europe 1 radio, mentioning a possible gas explosion “from the heat in a basement room doubtless too small for the number of people present. ” It was not known how many people had been at the club. Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said a judicial investigation had been opened to discover the cause of the blaze.",0
8412,Where Will Trump Stand on Press Freedoms? - The New York Times,"It was   and relations between Donald J. Trump and the news media had taken another dreadful turn. He had already vowed to change the libel laws to make it easier to sue journalists, and his personal insults were becoming more vicious. (One news correspondent was a “sleaze” another was “third rate. ”) Most troubling was that he was keeping a blacklist of news organizations he was banning from his rallies, and it was growing. I called him at the time, to see what this would look like in a Trump administration. Would he deny White House credentials to select reporters and news organizations? No, he said. “There, I’m taking something away, where I’m representing the nation. ” We can only hope he means it. Because if Mr. Trump keeps up the posture he displayed during the campaign  —     war footing  —   the future will hold some very grim days, not just for news reporters but also for the American constitutional system that relies on a free and strong press. It’s one thing to wage a press war as a candidate, when the most you can do is enforce reporting bans at your rallies, hurl insults and deny interviews and access (all of which are plenty bad). It’s another thing to do it from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, where you have control over what vital government information is made public, and where you have sway over the Justice Department, which under President Obama has shown an overexuberance in investigating journalists and the   who leak to them. Imagine what somebody with a press vendetta and a dim view of the First Amendment would do with that kind of power. For their part, American newsrooms are conducting their own reassessments, vowing to do a better job covering the issues that animated his supporters, and acknowledging that Mr. Trump tapped into something in the national mood, the power of which they failed to grasp. They now know they underestimate him again at their own peril. Yet they also know that the need to continue with probing, unflinching reporting that promotes the truth in the face of whatever comes at them will be great. In the days immediately after Mr. Trump’s victory, journalists that don’t work at organizations with Breitbart in their names were preparing for potential reporting challenges, the likes of which they have never seen, while lawyers were gaming out possible legal strategies should Mr. Trump move against press freedoms. Right after his victory Mr. Trump was telegraphing a gentler tone, declaring to  The Wall Street Journal, “It’s different now. ” Perhaps he was making his   “pivot” to become “more presidential than anybody” save Abraham Lincoln. But then came the Saturday night release of his “60 Minutes” interview in which he said he would keep his Twitter account so that when any news organization gave him “a bad story,” he would “have a method of fighting back. ” And he didn’t skip a beat on Sunday morning, when he attacked The New York Times with a Twitter post that read, “Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the ‘Trump phenomena. ’” The statement was false. The paper said Sunday that postelection cancellations were so substantially outstripped by a surge of new subscriptions that its subscription growth rate in the period that followed Tuesday’s result was four times the growth rate in the same period of last quarter. In an atmosphere in which it’s not shocking to hear about   literature being sent to the home of a Jewish reporter  —   the address having been published online by supporters of Mr. Trump  —   it was hard to see any of this as very presidential, though the definition may be changing. The funny thing is that few major political figures have had a more codependent and at times friendly relationship with the press than Mr. Trump. Before he stopped doing news briefings in the later phase of the campaign, he was shaping up to be the most accessible   nominee in modern history. But displeasing him could have an intensely personal cost, which the Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly vividly recalls in her new book, “Settle for More. ” Ms. Kelly, who became Mr. Trump’s leading television nemesis during the primary campaign, writes about how the candidate, unhappy with a segment she did in July 2015, threatened to unleash “my beautiful Twitter account against you. ” After enduring her tough questioning at the first presidential primary debate, he made good on his Twitter promise, which in turn led to death threats against her, she said. (“I would spend many days of the coming months accompanied by security,” she writes.) It didn’t help, she wrote, that Mr. Trump’s special counsel, Michael Cohen, recirculated a Trump supporter’s tweet that read “we can gut her. ” That was followed by what she took as another threat, from Mr. Trump’s campaign manager at the time, Corey Lewandowski. As Mr. Lewandowski unsuccessfully lobbied a senior Fox News executive to remove Ms. Kelly from the next Fox debate, she writes, he said he would hate to see her go through such a “rough couple of days” again. (Fox News described the conversation the same way earlier this year.) Mr. Lewandowski had been the living embodiment of Mr. Trump’s aggressive approach to the press. He was, after all, arrested on charges that he manhandled the former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields. (Prosecutors in Florida ultimately dropped the charges.) After a paid stint at CNN, Mr. Lewandowski returned to the Trump fold last week, and could wind up in the administration or at the Republican Party headquarters. Another member of Mr. Trump’s transition team, the Silicon Valley investor Peter Thiel, broke new ground this year by financing the “Hulk Hogan” lawsuit against Gawker, which resulted in Gawker’s bankruptcy and sale to Univision. Though that was technically an    case, it was a model for what Mr. Trump has said he wants to see in opening up libel laws. Most First Amendment lawyers agree that fundamentally changing the libel law would require a reversal of the landmark Supreme Court case New York Times v. Sullivan. And while that might seem like a long shot, Laura R. Handman, a First Amendment lawyer, said in an interview that Mr. Trump could find ways to “chip away” at it. First Amendment lawyers are more immediately concerned with potential leak investigations, as well as Freedom of Information Act requests, which can provide the best way to expose government secrets. Look no farther than the potential attorney general candidate Rudolph W. Giuliani, who as mayor of New York was so allergic to records requests that news organizations and others regularly sued him for basic information. Success at court was meaningless given that proceedings kept the information out of public view for so long that “he really won,” said George Freeman, who was the assistant general counsel for The New York Times then and is now the executive director of the Media Law Resource Center. I’ve said it before, but the solution will be what it has always been  —   good, tough reporting. For all the appropriate discussion about how they missed some key dynamics of the race, mainstream news outlets produced a lot of   journalism. They provided a glimpse into the tax returns Mr. Trump wouldn’t share showed how he and Mrs. Clinton ran their charities investigated their family business dealings and bluntly called out falsehoods, more of which came from Mr. Trump. The wrong lesson to take from the past year is that reporters should let up in their mission of reporting the truth, wherever it leads. That’s more important than ever, given how adept Mr. Trump and his allies have proved to be at promoting conspiracy theories that can spread faster than ever through social media. But if there is one thing we learned this year, it was the wisdom of the old mnemonic device for the spelling of “assume” (makes an “ass” out of “u” and “me”). Mr. Trump campaigned through surprise and may well govern through surprise. We’ll know how this thing is going to go only when we know. Now, where’s my seatbelt?",0
8413,Feds Once Again Threatening States Over REAL ID;,"October 26, 2016 Feds Once Again Threatening States Over REAL ID; 
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security once again ramped up its sabre-rattling routine, threatening that residents in states that have not complied with REAL ID will not be able to use their driver’s licenses to board aircraft beginning in 2018. States should ignore the DHS bluster, stand their ground and continue their refusal to implement this unconstitutional national ID program. 

REAL ID essentially coopts the states into creating a national ID system. The federal government has no constitutional authority to mandate a national ID. 

The federal government repeats this song and dance every couple of years, and has done so since Pres. George W. Bush signed REAL ID into law in 2005. Instead of following through on threats the feds simply keep extending their deadlines. 

Under the law, all 50 states were supposed comply with the federal law by 2009. But, states rebelled against REAL ID for several reasons, including privacy concerns and the fact that Congress didn’t provide any funding for the mandates it expects states to implement. Some states passed laws expressly prohibiting implementation of the act.",0
8414,HuffPost Slams ‘Nervous’ Megyn for ‘Softball’ Questions After Obtaining Unedited Putin Interview - Breitbart,"NBC News’ Megyn Kelly can’t get any love.  On Saturday, journalist Yashar Ali obtained an unedited video of Kelly’s interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin for the   HuffPost and promptly eviscerated the “nervous” Kelly for asking Putin “softball” questions. He wrote that the unedited footage “shows a nervous Kelly who asked the authoritarian leader softball questions and failed to hold him accountable on key topics. ” “Most troubling, Kelly devoted precious time in her short interview to a question that led one former CIA Russia analyst to say that it sounded as if Putin had written the question himself,” he continues. According to the HuffPost piece, the “last question Kelly asked Putin, which was not aired, was startling in its pandering. ” Kelly asks Putin in the unaired footage: We have been here in St. Petersburg for about a week now. And virtually every person we have met on the street says what they respect about you is they feel that you have returned dignity to Russia, that you’ve returned Russia to a place of respect. You’ve been in the leadership of this country for 17 years now. Has it taken any sort of personal toll on you? A former CIA Russia analyst told HuffPost that the Kremlin could use Kelly’s interview for propaganda purposes: I can’t begin to tell you what this did for Putin’s ego, and I wouldn’t put it past the Kremlin to use it for propaganda purposes. Putin’s obsession is, by his definition, making Russia great again. He’s obsessed with the idea that he has returned the country to what he sees as the glory days of the USSR. He feels that since the breakup of the USSR, Russia has too often ceded ground where it shouldn’t have. And he’s obsessed with people seeing him as the one who brought dignity back to Russia. According to the HuffPost piece, “Kelly’s questions were so weak and she missed so many opportunities that several network news reporters asked HuffPost the unthinkable: ‘Did NBC News, in their negotiations with the Kremlin, agree to terms and conditions on questions or topics? ’” NBC sources reportedly confirmed that that there were no conditions, but the piece noted that “a spokesman for NBC News declined to comment on Kelly’s choice of questions. ” Though establishment media journalists patted Kelly on the head when she tried to undercut Donald Trump during the 2016 election cycle, they mostly slammed Kelly for being way out of her league after Putin’s interview. The Los Angeles Times noted that Kelly’s   interview was “child’s play” for Putin, who “outmaneuvered” her “as he displayed an elusive and ultimately dismissive demeanor toward Kelly. ” According to the Times, Kelly’s   party delivered “more of a fizzle than a bang. ” “The interview, which was teased for weeks on NBC as a   exclusive, lasted less than 10 minutes,” the Times continued. “But that was just about enough time to confirm that she’s still not a great interviewer. ” Yahoo’s Ken Tucker wrote that Putin’s “a load of nonsense” comment could have described “most of the premiere of Sunday Night With Megyn Kelly. ” He added that Kelly was “no match” for Putin. On the day before Kelly’s controversial interview with Alex Jones is set to air, HuffPost noted that “multiple sources at NBC News” have wondered if network executives “misjudged Kelly’s skill set, popularity and savvy as a reporter. ” A television executive reportedly told CNN that NBC’s “fundamental mistake” was thinking that Kelly was a “superstar. ” The New York Times also doubted Kelly’s ability to do a   interview with Jones, pointing out that “NBC has not released a transcript of Ms. Kelly’s interview, leading some to speculate that her interrogation of Mr. Jones over his more contentious views  —   for instance, that Sandy Hook was a hoax and the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks were carried out by the United States government  —   was less than ferocious. ” Despite all of the hype, Kelly has failed to deliver ratings for NBC. The debut of Kelly’s show could not even beat out a rerun of 60 Minutes two weeks ago. Last Sunday, her second show tanked as well, losing to another rerun of 60 Minutes in addition to a rerun of America’s Funniest Home Videos. After just two shows, NBC executives are already reportedly “freaking out” over the “ratings disaster” that is Kelly.",0
8415,"NFL Playoff Preview: No Anthem Kneelers Left, Safe to Come Back in NFL Waters - Breitbart","With the Miami Dolphins out of the playoffs after losing to Pittsburgh last week, no more National Anthem kneelers remain in the NFL playoffs. [So for the patriots out there who stayed away from the NFL, this weekend might be a good time to come back to enjoy some great matchups in the divisional playoff round.  While the Houston   England Patriots shouldn’t be much of a game, the other three contests, Seattle   Falcons, Green Bay   Cowboys and Pittsburgh   City Chiefs have the potential to be terrific games. Let’s preview the action: Seattle Seahawks at Atlanta Falcons, Saturday, January 14, 4:35 PM on FOX Georgia Dome, Atlanta, Georgia, The Falcons return from a playoff bye week and enter this game very healthy. In fact, they have no players listed on their injury report. Atlanta is led by quarterback Matt Ryan who comes off perhaps the best season of his   career. During the regular season, he threw 38 touchdowns and just seven interceptions with a stellar 117. 1 QB rating. “His accuracy is phenomenal,” said Seahawks coach Pete Carroll. Spearheaded by Ryan, the Falcons averaged 34 points per game this season. The Falcons love throwing deep, so Seattle missing star safety Earl Thomas could be a problem. He actually picked off Ryan when Seattle beat Atlanta in Week 6 of the regular season. But while the Seahawks will be without Thomas, the Falcons will also be without a standout defensive back, cornerback Desmond Trufant, so perhaps this evens things out. There is a good chance this game will be an offensive shootout featuring two of the NFL’s finest quarterbacks, Ryan and Seattle’s Russell Wilson. This game is a  . Houston Texans at New England Patriots, Saturday, January 14, 8:15 PM on CBS Gillette Stadium, Foxborough, Massachusetts, In Week 3 of the regular season, the Patriots, led by   QB Jacoby Brissett, beat the Texans  . So if the Patriots blew out the Texans behind a rookie QB making his first start, what will they do to them with   great Tom Brady under center? Speaking of   rookie quarterbacks, the Texans beat Oakland’s Connor Cook and the Raiders to advance to the second round of the playoffs. Going from facing Cook to Brady is quite a competitive quantum leap for the Texans’ defense. This could get ugly, and Las Vegas agrees, making the Patriots a   favorite. Texans coach Bill O’Brien was asked if the insulting point spread bothered him. “What does that matter?” O’Brien asked. “The only thing that matters is what takes place between the white lines on Saturday night. ” The Patriots coaches had two weeks in the lab to come up with new wrinkles to their erudite playbook. You give Bill Belichick and his coordinators Josh McDaniels (offense) and Matt Patricia (defense) two weeks, and they will come up with the mother of all game plans. Expect the Patriots to win this game easily. Green Bay Packers at Dallas Cowboys, Sunday, January 15, 4:40 PM on FOX ATT Stadium, Arlington, Texas, With their wildcard playoff win over the New York Giants last week, the Packers have won six straight. Entering last week’s wildcard   the Giants defense played on a very   but the Packers toyed with them, putting up 38 points led by QB Aaron Rodgers, who is in a zone right now. And for what it’s worth, the Cowboys only lost three games during their regular season, two of them to the Giants, and the Packers just blew out the Giants. This might mean nothing, but it’s certainly food for thought. The Packers’   passing attack could be down two wide receivers. Rodgers’ favorite target, Jordy Nelson, is out with broken ribs. Key reserve Jeff Janis could also be out with a quad injury. And the Cowboys secondary, which will need all hands on deck against Rodgers, gets cornerback Morris Claiborne back from a groin injury. The Cowboys beat the Packers   in the regular season led by running back Zeke Elliott, who rushed for 157 yards. While the Cowboys are 4. 5 point favorites, Rodgers is playing on such a high level right now, this game is too close to call. Pittsburgh Steelers at Kansas City Chiefs, Sunday, January 15, 8:20 PM on NBC Arrowhead Stadium, Kansas City, Missouri, This game moved from a 1 p. m. to 8:20 p. m. due to weather concerns. Kansas City is expecting one of the worst ice storms to hit the Midwest in a decade. While public safety is the reason for the change, this could turn into rating bonanza in prime time for the NFL with these two iconic franchises squaring off. Coming off a playoff bye, the Chiefs enter this game very healthy with nobody listed on their injury report. The Steelers will be without speedy tight end Ladarius Green due to a concussion. Also, their franchise QB Ben Roethlisberger was seen in a walking boot after the Steelers’ wildcard win over Miami. He says he’s fine, but you never know. Steelers runner Le’Veon Bell might be the best back in football right now. Bell torched the Dolphins last week with 167 yards rushing. In Week Four of the regular season, the Chiefs destroyed the Steelers   but don’t expect a repeat of that. Chiefs coach Andy Reid is considered a strategic genius, and had two weeks to prepare for this game. He should have a great game plan. This game could go either way.",0
8416,Putting More Women on a Path to Political Power - The New York Times,"BERLIN  —   About five decades since the surge in modern feminism, it is unlikely that most women  —   in the United States, at least  —   would have anticipated the current political climate in which gender equality remains almost as elusive as ever and    rights are under siege. What is more, a man criticized by many for his treatment of women will be sworn in as president of the United States on Friday. And in 2016, a woman still could not be elected to the job. After the gamut of emotions engendered by Hillary Clinton’s surprising loss to Donald J. Trump, women are once more confronting the big questions that have long enveloped the feminist quest. Put bluntly, is it sexism or the system that has so far prevented a woman from becoming president of the United States? And what lessons might be drawn from Europe, or places further afield, that could help an American woman get to the top one day? As members of the global elite gather this week at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, gender issues in politics and beyond will be hotly debated. If the fight for women’s rights has taught activists one thing, it is that simple questions have complex answers. Melanne Verveer, executive director of the Georgetown Institute for Women, Peace and Security and former ambassador at large for global women’s issues under President Obama, said that “to just look at this election through the gender lens is not to understand it fully. ” Though many women saw Mrs. Clinton, a former senator and secretary of state, as the most qualified candidate, other women felt no tug to help one of their own shatter a glass ceiling and instead “reached a conclusion that they might be better off with a change,” Ms. Verveer said. “I think people would like to think there has to be one good explanation,” said Shauna Lani Shames, an assistant professor of political science at Rutgers   in New Jersey. “But there is not. It’s many. ” What she called the “deeply ingrained sexism” of a country fond of cowboy myths and tales of the Wild West is one. There are others. For starters, look at how the United States chooses candidates. “Selection is mostly about people ” Dr. Shames said. “You have to   as a candidate, and often win a primary before the party will take note of you. ” Just the expense and time away from family involved turn many women off, leaving a smaller pipeline. Even the basic act of asking for money  —   essential to any political bid in the United States  —   hurts women more, she argued: “Women hate it more than men do. Men tend to be in social circles where they can raise more money. ” Mrs. Clinton was criticized last summer when her annual sojourn in the wealthy enclaves of the Hamptons became studded with  . (Mr. Trump made his own round of   there, to perhaps less attention.) In Europe, women can work their way up the ladder of their party, which tends to have a distinct ideological identity and is often subsidized by government funds from which all legal parties can benefit. In addition, Dr. Shames said, research has shown that the proportional representation that is a cornerstone of many European political systems is far more likely to get women elected to national legislatures. Europeans have also been much readier to adopt quotas to bolster women’s part in politics. Americans steeped in individualism have been reluctant to legislate in this way. “The concept of quotas in the U. S. as you know, is antithetical to the American position and possibly the myth that holds that everyone pulls themselves up by their bootstraps,” said Debbie Walsh, director of the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers. Of course, Europeans have not always proved able to use quotas to the full advantage for women. In France, for example, where law dictates that 40 percent of candidates be female, parties, particularly conservative ones, have often preferred to pay fines rather than find the mandated number of women. Joanna Maycock is secretary general of the European Women’s Lobby, which brings together about 2, 500 women’s groups from each of the 28 European Union nations, and from neighbors like Norway and aspiring members like Turkey and Serbia. She said she detected a change in attitudes since Mrs. Clinton’s defeat that starkly highlighted the quirks of the American system, in particular the Electoral College. (The college affirmed Mr. Trump’s ascension to the presidency despite his loss of the popular vote.) Ms. Maycock cited a   workshop at the end of November that brought together about 25 American and European activists examining how to get more women into politics. “When we planned it, we thought we would be celebrating Hillary’s success,” she said. Instead, the meeting reflected “the shock of Trump. ” “A lot of the American participants were so horrified and shocked, there was a big difference,” she said, a readiness to explore other methods and reinforce the need to train women in public speaking,   and building networks. Ms. Walsh’s center at Rutgers runs nonpartisan campaign training in New Jersey and assists in such training in 17 other states. She reported a “dramatic increase” in women’s signing up. “Women are seeking a way to have a voice,” Ms. Walsh said. “This election has made citizens  —   men and women  —   see things through the gender blend. ” She added that women “can have an enormous impact on their lives, families, identities” and that “they can’t sit on the sidelines they have to figure out a way to get engaged. ” In modern Europe, the trail to the top was blazed by the somewhat unlikely figure of Margaret Thatcher, who was the first woman elected as prime minister in Britain in 1979. (Theresa May is now the second, with the tough task of negotiating the country’s exit from the European Union.) Mrs. Thatcher had no outright feminist agenda and stood accused of fomenting social hardship with her conservative policies and iron will, for instance, to break Britain’s trade unions. Close to 40 years later, similar policies of austerity are associated with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, often called the world’s most powerful woman after 11 years in office. Her unwillingness to loosen Europe’s purse strings while Germany, Europe’s No. 1 economy, benefits substantially from the euro currency, makes her anything but a heroine in many feminist eyes. “The obsession with austerity across Europe has been really bad,” Ms. Maycock said. It hits women doubly, she argued, cutting public service jobs often held by women and leaving them bereft of the infrastructure  —   care for children and seniors, for instance  —   that enables them to work. Over the past decade, Ms. Maycock contended, austerity has been a big brake on women’s empowerment. “We’ve actually stopped progressing, more or less,” she said, citing a gender inequality index compiled by her group that showed 51. 5 percent progress toward full equality 10 years ago, compared with 52. 5 percent now. In general, she said, European countries with quotas tend to show an effect once the female membership of legislatures passes   she said. Over all in Europe, women account for about   of legislators, she said. The range is large: In Poland, for instance, a female prime minister, Beata Szydlo, is among 27 percent of female lawmakers in the lower house of Parliament after the 2015 elections introduced a quota system. But the upper house, which has no such mechanism, is only 13 percent women. Norway, one of the first European countries to adopt quotas, has had two female prime ministers and a female defense minister, mandates 40 percent female board membership in business. Ms. Maycock pointed to recently elected female mayors in Paris, Barcelona, Madrid and Rome as more examples of women’s getting power where it matters. But in the United States, Dr. Shames said, women are far more likely to be city council members than mayors and state legislators than governors. On both sides of the Atlantic, women still have important territory to take: While France has had a female defense minister, and Germany currently has one  —   Ursula von der Leyen, a married mother of seven  —   neither Britain nor the United States has entrusted defense to a woman. American finance, too, has remained firmly in the hands of men, on Wall Street as at the Treasury. And 2016 shocked many not just with Mrs. Clinton’s defeat  —   but with the triumph of Mr. Trump, despite accusations of misogyny, and with the murder of Jo Cox, a Labour Party legislator, who was stabbed by a man reportedly shouting “Britain First” days before the country voted to leave the European Union, which Ms. Cox opposed. In democracies from Australia through the United States and Europe, the thin pipeline of women ready to step up to the top in politics (and business) is an added cause for concern. In the United States, there are just five female governors right now, and 21 women in the Senate, Ms. Walsh said. “The bench is very small, and the potential pool of candidates is really very small,” she said, noting that most modern presidents (if not Mr. Trump) have been governors or senators first. That makes it doubly significant that more women are expressing an interest in entering politics after Mrs. Clinton’s defeat, she said.",0
8417,Their Hair Fell Out. Should the F.D.A. Have the Power to Act? - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   When the Los Angeles hairstylist Chaz Dean pitched his almond mint and   hair care products  —   endorsed by celebrities like Brooke Shields and Alyssa Milano  —   he sold millions. But his formula got an unexpected result: itching, rashes, even hair loss in large clumps, in both adults and children. More than 21, 000 complaints have been lodged against his Wen Hair Care, and  Mr. Dean, the     stylist to the stars, has found himself at the center of a fierce debate over the government’s power to ensure the safety of a cosmetics industry with about $50 billion in annual sales. The Santa Monica, Calif.  national distributor of Mr. Dean’s hair care line is part of a beauty care trade association that has been aggressively lobbying Congress to block the passage of tough new legislation that would give the Food and Drug Administration the authority to test ingredients used in cosmetics and issue mandatory recalls for products found to be unsafe. The fight has pitted smaller independent players against the giants of the beauty products industry, which back the proposed regulations, seeing them as an avenue toward regaining public trust, and have the size and muscle to comply with them. Each side has its champions in Congress: Senators Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, and Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, for the larger companies, and Representative Pete Sessions, Republican of Texas, coming to the aid of his   company, Mary Kay, which joined the Independent Cosmetic Manufacturers and Distributors to fight the   legislation. Mr. Sessions has introduced competing legislation backed and largely drafted by Mary Kay and the independent companies. “If you are in business and are not involved in politics, then politics will run your business,” explained a presentation prepared by Mary Kay last summer for sales representatives and obtained by The New York Times. The   comes amid growing consumer concern about the safety of beauty care products and follows a string of other scares, including the discovery of hair products and skin creams containing hazardous ingredients such as formaldehyde and mercury. “People don’t realize there is effectively no regulation of cosmetics,” said Representative Frank Pallone Jr. Democrat of New Jersey. He, along with Ms. Feinstein and Ms. Collins, has pushed to strengthen a 1938 law that was passed to regulate the pharmaceutical industry but contained two pages that addressed cosmetics, leaving it essentially unregulated. Joe Hixson, a spokesman for   the distributor of Wen, said the company has “evidence and studies that we believe demonstrate Wen is safe and does not cause hair loss. ” Mr. Dean’s hair care product does not actually lather. Instead, Mr. Dean promotes it as “a revolutionary way to cleanse” the hair without the use of traditional detergents or sulfates, chemicals some consumers have objected to. “In addition to it sounding like ‘Zen,’ the system is a completely reverse way of looking at cleansing the hair,” the product’s website boasts. “Thus, ‘Wen’ is ‘new’ spelled backwards. ” The company also sells what it calls “unique formulations gentle for pediatric use. ” Miriam Lawrence of Denver said she used Wen’s Sweet Almond Mint Cleansing Conditioner on the hair of her daughter, Eliana, then 9, about three times in late 2014. Within days, her daughter’s brush was full of hair. Three weeks later, Eliana was bald. “It changed our life in just a couple shampoos. It’s ridiculous,” said Ms. Lawrence, whose daughter has grown back most of her hair and eyebrows. “It was marketed to be extra gentle, no harsh chemicals. ” Mr. Pallone, in a letter to the F. D. A. and   has pressed for answers about the Wen case. And in an interview he cited it as an example of why current law is failing and more rigorous regulation is needed. For legal reasons, the government’s hands are tied. That is in part because unlike pharmaceutical companies, cosmetic companies are not required to notify the government of “adverse reaction” reports  —   even if someone dies. The F. D. A. instead has had to depend on consumers stepping forward, and as of July 7, only 127 reports had been filed to the agency detailing problems with the Wen hair care line. But inspectors sent to the company’s facilities dating back to 2011 learned that complaints to the company and distributor total more than 21, 000, the agency said last month. “You know how the stars were saying it was so good and it made your hair more manageable, more shinier?” said Bonnie Iqbal, 55, of Albany, who last year was among those who sued the company after her hair began falling out. “So I figured, you know, I’d try it. ” Patricia J. Zettler, a health law and policy expert at Georgia State University and a former F. D. A. lawyer, said that under existing law, the agency could take action against the company only if it could prove a product had been mislabeled or contaminated. If the product turns out to be dangerous but legal, the government has no recourse. “The bottom line is, if the company has not violated the law, there isn’t really anything F. D. A. can do,” Ms. Zettler said. Even in the absence of federal action,   in a “business decision,” agreed in late June to a $26. 25 million legal settlement  —   still not approved by a federal court judge  —   that would repay up to $25 to every person who has bought a bottle since Wen products were introduced and as much as $20, 000 to individuals claiming hair loss or other injury. Yet the product is still being sold, and the F. D. A. other than issuing a notice saying it is looking at the matter, has taken no action. The   bill is intended to eliminate such stalemates. It would, for the first time, require that cosmetics manufacturers report “serious adverse” reactions to their products to the F. D. A. as they come in, as well as create an annual report of all “adverse events. ” It would also give the agency the power to order companies to recall products found to be dangerous. The bill would collect about $20 million in fees annually from beauty care companies to help cover the cost of confirming the safety of about five ingredients each year that are suspected of causing problems, such as lead acetate, a color additive in hair dyes, and   a preservative used in certain shampoo and cosmetics. The legislation has won the endorsement of heavyweights including Estée Lauder, whose brands include Clinique, Origins, MAC, La Mer, and Bobbi Brown Johnson  Johnson, maker of Neutrogena and Aveeno and Procter  Gamble, whose brands include Pantene, Head  Shoulders, Herbal Essences and Olay. Industry officials said they decided to embrace the legislation after becoming increasingly concerned that a decline in consumer confidence could hurt their sales. “The   bill is supported by a vast and diverse group of people and groups who all want the same thing  —   cosmetic regulations that best serve the public health and give consumers confidence in the products and ingredients they choose for their families,” Darrel Jodrey, a top federal lobbyist at Johnson  Johnson, said in a statement. Major national environmental, consumer and health nonprofits, such as the American Cancer Society, the Environmental Working Group and the Good Housekeeping Institute, have also backed the plan. But even before Ms. Feinstein formally introduced her legislation in April 2015, the Independent Cosmetic Manufacturers and Distributors, in which   has been a   member for over a decade, moved to defeat it, internal documents obtained by The Times show. During a March 2015 strategy session in the New York law offices of a trade association legal adviser, Locke Lord, industry executives were briefed by their lobbying team, who explained that it had already approached the office of Representative Fred Upton of Michigan, the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, with jurisdiction over the F. D. A. Michael Lunceford, a senior vice president at Mary Kay overseeing the company’s lobbying and public affairs divisions, had done groundwork through the Direct Selling Association, where he is on the board, to help Mr. Upton’s 2012   effort. The organization bought billboard, radio and newspaper ads “to gain the attention of the candidate in order to cultivate a champion for the direct selling industry,” according to an industry newsletter.   hired its own   Washington help: William R. Nordwind, a lawyer and lobbyist who spent a dozen years working as a staff member and campaign aide to Mr. Upton. Mr. Hixson, the   spokesman, said the company had not publicly taken a position on the   bill, although it financially supported the independent cosmetics industry association. Mr. Nordwind’s team, from the Venable lobbying firm, has contacted Capitol Hill on behalf of the company, Mr. Hixson said. “They have got a bad story out there right now,” Robert Harmala, a former House aide who lobbies for the Independent Cosmetic Manufacturers and Distributors, said regarding   and its Wen product line. “They don’t want to be the face of the industry for having done this. ” Mary Kay claims credit for persuading Mr. Sessions, whose   district is near its headquarters, to sponsor alternative legislation. Mr. Sessions’s proposal still would require beauty care companies to notify the F. D. A. of “serious cosmetic adverse events,” but it would not grant the agency the power to order a recall or collect industry fees to pay for new programs, such as the safety evaluation of cosmetics ingredients. Most important for direct sellers like   Mary Kay and other members of the independent cosmetics group, it would broadly and retroactively   any tougher state laws. “We can’t just be out there saying, ‘No, we don’t like Feinstein’s bill,’” Mr. Harmala said in an interview. Mr. Sessions, after introducing the legislation, became a favorite of the cosmetics industry, campaign finance records show, emerging as the top recipient in Congress of donations from Mary Kay employees, and taking donations from at least 10 other industry executives, including Pam Busiek, the president of the Independent Cosmetic Manufacturers and Distributors. Executives at   were not among the donors. More industry donations were sent to Representatives Eddie Bernice Johnson, Democrat of Texas, and Bill Flores, Republican of Texas, the only other two House lawmakers to help sponsor the bill. Crayton W. Webb, a spokesman for Mary Kay, said the company was committed to helping pass a law that increased the federal government’s oversight of the industry, but opposed Ms. Feinstein’s bill because “it falls short in providing one clear national and uniform safety standard. ” Ms. Busiek added, “We want something that is not overreaching. ” Mr. Dean declined to comment. The F. D. A. would not comment on the proposals. So far, the agency said, it has found no evidence of contamination or misbranding in Wen products, the only two product flaws it can use to press a company to agree to a voluntary recall. The agency has requested the results of safety tests and other manufacturing data, but it cannot compel the company to release any information. “That’s why it is so critical that we get information directly from consumers and their health care providers,” said Susan Mayne, the director of the F. D. A. ’s Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition. For consumers dealing with thinning hair, itchy scalps and other problems, the additional responsibility of bringing their case to the government can be a tall order  —   and certainly a confusing one. The government should be helping them, they say. “I think it would be great for the F. D. A. to step in a little bit more,” said Melanie Guitzkow, a    student, who said her hair began to fall out when she used Wen in high school. “Some things, like, shouldn’t be on the market because they’re damaging. ”",0
8418,George Clooney: Trump and Bannon the Real ’Hollywood Elitists’,"Actor George Clooney unloaded on President Donald Trump and White House chief strategist Steve Bannon in an interview, calling the pair the real “Hollywood elitists. ”[In a conversation with French news outlet Canal Plus, the      lashed out at those who criticize Hollywood celebrities for speaking out about politics.  “When Meryl [Streep] spoke, everyone on that one side said, ‘Well, that’s elitist Hollywood speaking,” Clooney said, according to the Hill. ” Trump, he added, “collects $120, 000 a year from his Screen Actors Guild pension fund. He is a Hollywood elitist. ” The Money Monster star was referring to Streep’s   acceptance speech at the Golden Globes in January, in which the actress bashed the president for what she called his “disrespect” and his “violence. ” Clooney told Canal Plus that Streep had “every right to speak up. ” The actor also took aim at Bannon, whom he called a “failed film writer and director. ” The White House chief strategist has produced 16 films, including the documentaries The Undefeated and Torchbearer. “He wrote a Shakespearean rap musical about the L. A. riots that he couldn’t get made,” Clooney said. “He made a lot of money off of Seinfeld. He’s elitist Hollywood, I mean that’s the reality. ” Clooney was a heavy contributor to former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign, and hosted a $33, 400   fundraiser for her last year at the Studio City home he shares with wife Amal Clooney. In a letter sent to donors on behalf of the candidate last year, Clooney called Trump a racist who “hates Muslims” and who “thinks that committing war crimes is the best way to make America great again. ” The actor also previously called Trump a “xenophobic fascist. ” While attending the Cannes Film Festival in May, Clooney confidently told reporters that Trump would not win the election. “There’s not going to be a President Donald Trump,” he said. “Fear is not going to be something that drives our country. We’re not going to be scared of Muslims or immigrants or women. We’re not actually afraid of anything. We’re not going to use fear. So that’s not going to be an issue. ” The actor appeared to soften his position on Trump in January, when he told the Associated Press at the premiere of his Syrian relief worker documentary The White Helmets that he hopes the president will “do a decent job. ” But in his interview with Canal Plus this week, Clooney said it was still “hard to imagine” that Trump is president. “We have a demagogue in the White House,” he said. “We need the fourth estate, which is journalists, to hold his feet to the fire. ”   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
8419,"«Nos empujan a la guerra», por Willy Wimmer","Willy Wimmer, ex vicepresidente de la OSCE, aborda el tema sirio
«Nos empujan a la guerra» por Willy Wimmer El mundo vive hoy los momentos más peligrosos de la historia posterior al fin de la guerra fría. En entrevista concedida a Ilona Pfeffer para la agencia de prensa Sputnik, Willy Wimmer, ex secretario de Estado del ministerio de Defensa de Alemania, aborda la crisis siria y denuncia a los responsables de la grave situación creada alrededor de ese conflicto.
Red Voltaire | 31 de octubre de 2016 Sputnik : Señor Wimmer, los combates en Siria no se detienen y los ceses de hostilidades pactados se violan constantemente. La implicación de Estados Unidos y Rusia se comenta de forma sesgada en los medios de prensa occidentales. ¿Cómo ve usted la situación en Siria?
Willy Wimmer : Estamos ante una situación que venía incubándose desde hace tiempo y que trágicamente llegó, hace 5 años, a transformarse en guerra civil y conflicto en el preciso momento en que creíamos haber resuelto la situación conflictiva entre Siria e Israel vinculada a las alturas del Golán. Iba a concluirse un acuerdo que hubiera podido llevar paz a todo el Medio Oriente si no hubiese sido por la existencia de fuerzas desfavorables a un acuerdo de paz. Sabemos que, al inicio de la tragedia siria, fuerzas especiales del Reino Unido, Francia y Estados Unidos se hallaban en el terreno para crear esta situación de guerra civil y darle una dimensión internacional.
Existían por tanto antecedentes portadores de esperanza, si no se hubiese invertido ese movimiento. Desde entonces estamos asistiendo a una tragedia y el pueblo sirio parece exhausto. Ahora es importante poner fin a la tragedia y tratar de evitar por todos los medios que las chispas del enfrentamiento iniciado en Siria se extiendan a otros países, incluyendo los nuestros [en Occidente] porque eso significaría una gran guerra.
En ese contexto, quiero referirme –con toda intención– al informe presentado en Holanda sobre la destrucción del avión de pasajeros de Malasia. Tenemos que preguntarnos si existe realmente algún interés en aclarar esa tragedia o si alguien está buscando un pretexto para desatar la guerra.
Esa es la situación que tenemos ante nosotros y es por eso que Siria no está muy lejos de ese tema. Tenemos que hacer todo lo posible por contribuir a una solución pacífica y eso quiere decir no enviar armas, dinero ni tropas a la región.
Sputnik : Rusia está en el terreno desde hace un año. ¿Qué éxitos pueden verse? ¿Qué papel están desempeñando Estados Unidos y sus aliados?
Willy Wimmer : La implicación de Estados Unidos y de Europa occidental en Siria es una clara violación del derecho internacional. Es una intervención militar en territorio de otro Estado sin autorización de la ONU ni del derecho internacional. Son esas las fuerzas que han originado toda esta tragedia en Siria.
La única posibilidad de poner fin al baño de sangre en Siria es la acción de la Federación Rusa, que intervino a favor del derecho internacional a nivel global para que evitar que fuese pisoteado. Eso es lo que Estados Unidos ha venido demostrando desde la guerra desatada contra Yugoslavia, también en flagrante violación del derecho internacional.
Se trata, por una parte, del combate en Siria misma. Pero también se trata por otra parte, desde 1999, de saber si el intento de Estados Unidos de llevar adelante su ofensiva global va a prosperar o si el mundo tiene aún una posibilidad de restablecer la cooperación pacífica entre los pueblos. Sin la implicación rusa en Siria, del lado del gobierno legítimo, el mundo ya no tendría ninguna posibilidad.
Sputnik : En su opinión, ¿cuáles son los objetivos de Estados Unidos en Siria?
Willy Wimmer : Es evidente que Estados Unidos pretende rediseñar el mundo, al sur de Europa occidental y de la Federación Rusa. Es por eso que estamos viendo toda una sucesión de conflictos y guerras que van desde Afganistán, Irak y Siria hacia las costas del Mediterráneo y Mali. Estados Unidos está implicado en todas esas regiones, donde libra guerras y contribuye a empeorar la miseria de sus pueblos y la destrucción de sus civilizaciones, lo cual sigue haciendo pese a todo.
Rusia entró en el conflicto sirio debido a su legítima alianza con la República Árabe Siria y el presidente Bachar al-Assad, lo cual es totalmente conforme con el derecho internacional. En eso reside la gran diferencia entre Estados Unidos y la Federación Rusa. Estados Unidos es responsable de sangrientos crímenes en nuestro entorno y es igualmente responsable de buena parte de los flujos migratorios que actualmente enfrentamos. La Federación Rusa se compromete a favor de un regreso a la negociación y a la razón y a una cooperación pacífica entre los pueblos.
La tragedia en Siria es que quien está pagando los platos rotos es el pueblo sirio y por eso es absolutamente necesario encontrar la manera de reinstaurar la paz. Más allá de las rupturas, quizás sea posible despertar el resto de sentido común que aún pudiera quedar en Washington.
El problema con Estados Unidos es que en este momento, antes de la elección presidencial, el mundo se halla en una situación extremadamente peligrosa. Las fuerzas que realmente dominan la política estadounidense quieren poder decidir todo lo que hará el futuro gobierno de Estados Unidos. Eso quiere decir que lo más probable es la guerra: una guerra que iría más allá de Siria.
Sputnik : La cooperación entre las dos grandes potencias funciona hasta ahora bastante mal, aunque Rusia expresa a menudo su deseo de cooperación. ¿Cuáles son las causas de estos fracasos y qué posibilidades ve usted para la cooperación?
Willy Wimmer : A pesar de la falta de transparencia, yo soy optimista en cuanto a la posibilidad de un entendimiento entre ambas partes, porque lo que está en juego es enorme y las consecuencias serían mucho peores que las imágenes que actualmente nos llegan de Siria.
Y eso podría afectarnos mañana, en una región mucho más extensa, ya que los intentos de Rusia por impedir ese escenario y contener el conflicto no corresponden a los intereses de Estados Unidos. No es la administración Obama quien define esos intereses sino las fuerzas que apuestan por la victoria de Hillary Clinton.
Es un esquema bastante conocido. Dada la dramática envergadura del conflicto, sólo puedo esperar que Washington acepte llegar a un acuerdo. Si eso no sucede, tendremos que vivir un desastre ampliamente superior al de Siria.
Sputnik : Las informaciones de los medios occidentales dan la impresión de que Rusia es el principal responsable de la destrucción y las víctimas civiles en Siria. ¿Qué piensa usted de esa presentación de los hechos?
Willy Wimmer : En cuanto a esto, hay que establecer diferencias. Todo lo que tiene que ver con Rusia, corresponde a la misma Rusia dar respuesta y eso es lo que está haciendo.
En lo que me concierne, como consumidor de los medios occidentales, lo que me parece indignante es la falsificación de los hechos que venimos viviendo desde hace años. Hubo una época en la que el pluralismo era parte integrante de nuestra cobertura mediática, pero eso ya no existe. Están empujándonos a la guerra. Eso es lo que ha podido observarse nuevamente este año. Jamie Shea, el vocero de la OTAN que nos forzó a desatar la guerra contra Yugoslavia en 1999, fue solemnemente homenajeado este año en Berlín por los servicios prestados. ¡Eso demuestra en qué estado se halla nuestro panorama mediático! La democracia en Europa está seriamente amenazada.
Sputnik : ¿Quién defiende tales intereses y qué mensaje se quiere transmitir?
Willy Wimmer : El mensaje es este: estamos tocando los tambores de guerra, y también lo hacemos en relación con Rusia. Hace 2 años, en el momento del golpe de Estado de Maidan, en Kiev, evitamos por un pelo el conflicto con la Federación Rusa. Ese es el objetivo de la política estadounidense que observamos desde 1999 y es lo que puede acabar con nosotros.
Sputnik : Usted se ha referido a los intereses de Estados Unidos pero ¿cuál es el papel de Alemania?
Willy Wimmer : Helmut Kohl et Gerhard Schroder todavía mantenían la fuerza de carácter necesaria para hacer valer los interereses de Alemania en el seno de la OTAN, para no involucrarse en los conflictos armados.
Mire usted la situación actual: nuestra ministra de Defensa viaja a Irak para anunciar allí una nueva implicación militar de Alemania en ese país. Siento mucho tener que decir que Berlín no está a la altura de Bonn en lo que se refiere a salvaguardar los intereses de Alemania.
Willy Wimmer Fuente
Sputnik",0
8420,Trump to Israelis: together we’ll stand up to Iran,"By wmw_admin on October 30, 2016 Introduction — Oct 30, 2016 It begins to look like Americans don’t have a real choice in the presidential election. On the one hand Hillary Clinton seems ready to adopt a much more aggressive stance with Russia, which could well escalate into open military conflict between the two powers. While on the other hand Donald Trump has pledged to scrap the nuclear accord reached with Tehran and to stand up to Israel’s enemies, “like Iran”. In other words Trump seems ready to adopt the same belligerent stance over Iran as the Bush administration. Such a policy could easily escalate into military conflict and given Tehran’s growing ties to Moscow that could also lead to military conflict with Russia too. So the choice faced by American voters boils down to six of one, or half-a-dozen of the other. Both candidates have outlined foreign policies that could inevitably lead to war with Russia. It’s just that Clinton has chosen a more direct path while Trump has opted for a more roundabout route. Either way American voters seem to have little REAL choice in the matter. Ed. Trump to Israelis: together we’ll stand up to Iran The Jewish Press.com — Oct 27, 2016 
A taped one-minute address by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, screened at an election rally organized by Republicans Overseas Israel in Jerusalem Wednesday, left no room for doubt: should he be elected, Trump would be the biggest friend Israel has ever had — huge. 
“My administration will stand side by side with the Jewish people and Israel’s leaders to continue strengthening the bridges that connect not only Jewish Americans and Israelis but also all Americans and Israelis,” Trump told the 200 or so in attendance at the event and the few dozens watching the rally live on Facebook. “Together, we will stand up to enemies like Iran bent on destroying Israel and her people. Together, we will make America and Israel safe again.” 
It was a small crowd, admittedly, but the folks, many in Trump T-shirts and “Make America Great Again” baseball caps, made up for their number with enthusiasm, booing and crying “Lock her up” each time the name Hillary Clinton was mentioned. 
“I love Israel and honor and respect the Jewish faith and tradition,” Trump told his Israeli-American voters. “For me, respect and reverence for Judaism is personal. My daughter Ivanka and my son-in-law Jared are raising their children in the Jewish faith.” 
Trump’s VP, Gov. Mike Pence, told the Jerusalem rally: “Israel’s fight is our fight, Israel’s cause is our cause,” noting that Israel is “not just our strongest ally in the Middle East, it is our most cherished ally in the world.” Also, Pence said, Israel is “hated by too many progressives, because she is successful and her people are free,” and so, “Let the word go forth that Donald Trump and I are proud to stand with Israel.” 
Local speakers included Caroline Glick, Trump’s adviser on Israel David Friedman, and David Peyman, Trump’s head of Jewish outreach, who told the gathering that he had delivered a note from Trump to God at the Kotel. Friedman promised that “a Trump administration will never pressure Israel into a two-state solution or any other solution that is against the will of the Israeli people.” Friedman warned against the seductive messages Trump’s opponent had given the AIPAC conference in March, saying “Hillary Clinton’s words are the cheapest currency on the political marker.” 
According to media reports over the summer, Friedman and Trump’s other adviser on Israel, Jason Greenblatt, suggested the candidate stop elaborating on his vision of two states for two peoples living peacefully side by side. This after Trump had told Maggie Haberman and David E. Sanger of the NY Times in March: “Basically I support a two-state solution on Israel. But the Palestinian Authority has to recognize Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state. Have to do that. And they have to stop the terror, stop the attacks, stop the teaching of hatred, you know? The children, I sort of talked about it pretty much in the speech, but the children are aspiring to grow up to be terrorists. They are taught to grow up to be terrorists. And they have to stop. They have to stop the terror. They have to stop the stabbings and all of the things going on. And they have to recognize that Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state. … And if they can’t, you’re never going to make a deal. One state, two states, it doesn’t matter: you’re never going to be able to make a deal.” 
Trump concluded: “Now whether or not the Palestinians can live with that? You would think they could. It shouldn’t be hard except that the ingrained hatred is tremendous.”",0
8421,Vizio to Pay $2.2 Million Settlement Fee over Smart TV Data Mining - Breitbart,"Smart TV manufacturer Vizio will be forced to pay a $2. 2 million settlement fee following the discovery that their TVs collected information from 11 million devices without the knowledge or consent of the owners. [Ars Technica reports that a complaint filed on Monday by the US Federal Trade Commission states that Vizio’s internet connected TVs contained automated content recognition software, which was used to capture data of what the TVs displayed without the owners permission. This data, along with personal information about the TV owner, was transmitted back to Vizio servers where it was sold by Vizio to   who used the data to gain insight into audience measurement, analysis, and tracking.  FTC lawyers state in the filed complaint, “For all of these uses, Defendants provide highly specific,    information about television viewing. Each line of a report provides viewing information about a single television. In a securities filing, Vizio states that its data analytics program, for example, ‘provides highly specific viewing behavior data on a massive scale with great accuracy, which can be used to generate intelligent insights for advertisers and media content providers. ’” Vizio officials defended the data collection in a statement: “The ACR program never paired viewing data with personally identifiable information such as name or contact information, and the Commission did not allege or contend otherwise. Instead, as the Complaint notes, the practices challenged by the government related only to the use of viewing data in the ‘aggregate’ to create summary reports measuring viewing audiences or behaviors. ” Vizio’s data collection dates back to February 2014 when new devices were shipped with ACR installed and older models were updated with with ACR via the internet. The ACR software collected personal data from all Vizio TV users such as their IP address, age, sex, income, marital status, household size, education level and home ownership. This data mining was hidden under the guise of a feature called “Smart interactivity” that was described as a feature that “enables program offers and suggestions. ” The complaint further elaborated on the technical information that Vizio TV’s collected from their users, Through the ACR software, Vizio’s televisions transmit information about what a consumer is watching on a    basis. Defendants’ ACR software captures information about a selection of pixels on the screen and sends that data to Vizio servers, where it is uniquely matched to a database of publicly available television, movie, and commercial content. Defendants collect viewing data from cable or broadband service providers,   boxes, external streaming devices, DVD players, and    broadcasts. Defendants have stated that the ACR software captures up to 100 billion data points each day from more than 10 million VIZIO televisions. Defendants store this data indefinitely. Defendants’ ACR software also periodically collects other information about the television, including IP address, wired and wireless MAC addresses, WiFi signal strength, nearby WiFi access points, and other items. Vizio will pay $1. 5 million to the Federal Trade Commission and $700, 000 to the New Jersey Division of Consumer affairs with the stipulation that Vizio must delete all data collected before March 1st 2016. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com.",0
8422,Review: Matthew McConaughey Rebels Against Rebels in ‘Free State of Jones’ - The New York Times,"“Free State of Jones” begins on the battlefield, with a flurry of the kind of immersive combat action that has long been a staple of American movies. The setting is familiar in other ways, too. As a line of Confederate troops marches across a field into Union rifle and artillery fire, a haze of myth starts to gather over the action, a mist of sentiment about the tragedy of the Civil War and the symmetrical valor of the soldiers on both sides of it. But this is a sly piece of misdirection: The rest of the movie will be devoted to blowing that fog away, using the tools of Hollywood spectacle to restore a measure of clarity to our understanding of the war and its aftermath. Directed by Gary Ross (“Seabiscuit”) with blunt authority and unusual respect for historical truth, “Free State of Jones” explores a neglected and fascinating chapter in American history. Mr. Ross consulted some of the leading experts in the era  —   including Eric Foner of Columbia University, whose “Reconstruction” is the definitive study, and Martha Hodes of New York University, author of a prizewinning study of interracial sexuality in the   South  —   and has done a good job of balancing the factual record with the demands of dramatic storytelling. The result is a riveting visual history lesson, whose occasional didacticism is integral to its power. The hero of this tale is Newton Knight, a poor farmer from Jones County, Miss. who led a guerrilla army of white deserters and escaped slaves against the Confederacy during the war. Afterward, he tried to hold this coalition together as a political force in the face of Ku Klux Klan terror. As played by Matthew McConaughey, Newton is an ordinary man radicalized by circumstances. His hollow cheeks and wild whiskers suggest a zealous temperament, but the kindness in his eyes conveys the decency and compassion that lie at the heart of his moral commitment. Mr. McConaughey is too rugged and ragged to sink into saintliness, which is one reason that his righteous characters  —   including Ron Woodroof in “Dallas Buyers Club” and Mick Haller in “The Lincoln Lawyer”  —   are sometimes more fun than the movies they inhabit. And while Mr. Ross’s story makes Newton unambiguously heroic, this is not yet another film about a white savior sacrificing himself on behalf of the   oppressed. Nor for that matter is it the story of a white sinner redeemed by the superhuman selflessness of black people. “Free State of Jones” is a rarer thing: a film that tries to strike sparks of political insight from a   genre template. It’s a western of sorts, and a romantic rebel movie of sorts  —   there are hints of “Viva Zapata!” and “Shane” and a   other underdog classics  —   but with an unusually clear ideological focus. After fleeing the army, where he had served as a battlefield nurse, and witnessing Confederate authorities confiscating his neighbors’ livestock and grain, Newton takes refuge in a swamp with a small group of slaves who have run away from a nearby plantation, including a man named Moses (Mahershala Ali) who becomes his friend and confidant. Through his conversations with Moses and with Rachel (Gugu  ) a domestic slave who brings the fugitives news and supplies from the plantation house, Newton comes to believe that the slaves share a common enemy and a common interest with poor white farmers like himself. “Free State of Jones” is careful not to suggest that the conditions endured by disenfranchised white and enslaved black Mississippians were identical. The system may be rigged against both, but in different ways. Especially after the war, the alliance proves fragile, as white supremacy reasserts itself with renewed brutality. Its persistence is emphasized by a subplot that takes place 85 years after the war in a Mississippi courtroom, where Davis Knight (Brian Lee Franklin) a descendant of Newton’s, is on trial for breaking the state’s law against interracial marriage. The question of Davis’s racial identity turns on whether he is descended from Rachel or Serena (Keri Russell) Newton’s wife at the beginning of the movie. The romance between a white man and an enslaved black woman is, to say the least, a delicate issue for a movie like this to deal with, but Mr. Ross handles this and other fraught matters with impressive tact and sensitivity. The film does not minimize the violence of slavery, including the sexual violence that was the daily experience of women like Rachel, but it also refrains from turning cruelty into spectacle. Mr. Ross has an   faith in the power of editing, and in the ability of the audience to imagine what he refrains from showing explicitly. Which is not to say that “Free State of Jones” is a subtle movie. Why should it be? There is nothing wrong with a story that has clear heroes and villains, especially when such roles have been misconceived for so long. The wily and charismatic Newton Knight is a revisionist archetype, a white Southern rebel fighting against the mythology that such figures usually embody. He takes down the Stars and Bars and raises Old Glory above his territory this movie holds no truck with   nonsense about a genteel Southern way of life menaced by Yankee aggression. It is obvious to Newton, and certainly to Moses, that the Glorious Cause of the Confederacy was a rapacious and exploitative   capitalist economy, and that the resistance to Reconstruction was intended to restore that system. This view reflects the current scholarly consensus, but much of American popular culture, like much of American politics, remains besotted by the old mythology. Freedom is a long struggle. “Free State of Jones” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian). Gory wartime violence and less explicit but equally upsetting postwar brutality. Running time: 2 hours 19 minutes.",0
8423,Collusion Between Facebook and Hillary’s Campaign Revealed in Clinton Emails,"Email 
Who would have thought right? Hillary’s campaign establishing what appears to be some very close ties with the largest social media company (Facebook) on the Internet, right in the midst of her presidential campaign? It’s not enough that Hillary has Google hiding various stories from Clinton search queries, but it looks like she had to go and get Facebook on board to help her cheat as well. But should Trump supporters take any issue with that? 
Sure, there’s been issues in the past with Facebook banning conservatives for merely looking at their monitors the wrong way, but all that changed this week right? If you recall, earlier this week we learned that despite donating huge amounts of money to Hillary’s campaign, allegedly Mark Zuckerberg betrayed Hillary Clinton, and actually jumped on board the Trump Train … or is there more to this? In the video below I dig a bit deeper into both these stories… 
Emails Show Connection Between Facebook Executive, Clinton Campaign 
… kept the interactions with Clinton private … 
A new WikiLeaks email dump shows Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg eager and willing to be involved in helping Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s campaign. 
Sandberg’s role in helping the research-driven Clinton campaign was revealed in a WikiLeaks email from Clinton aide Cheryl Mills. 
“I have arranged for Sheryl Sandberg and her researcher to be available on 5 March at 10 am to step through the research on gender and leadership by women,” Mills wrote in a February 2015 email. 
Two months after that meeting, Sandberg offered to do more for the campaign in response to an email from campaign chairman John Podesta expressing sympathy for the death of her husband. 
“I still want HRC to win badly ,” Sandberg wrote in May 2015. “I am still here to help as I can. She came over and was magical with my kids.” 
Facebook has said that Sandberg was acting in a private capacity in sharing research with the Clinton campaign. Sandberg kept the interactions with Clinton private, and did not formally, publicly endorse Clinton until early 2016. 
However, she kept in touch with the campaign. In August 2015, she emailed Podesta offering to put him in touch with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , a staunch opponent of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . 
“Mark is meeting with people to learn more about next steps for his philanthropy and social action and it’s hard to imagine someone better placed or more experienced than you to help him,” she wrote. 
“He’s begun to think about whether/how he might want to shape advocacy efforts to support his philanthropic priorities and is particularly interested in meeting people who could help him understand how to move the needle on the specific public policy issues he cares most about,” she added. 
“He wants to meet folks who can inform his understanding about effective political operations to advance public policy goals on social oriented objectives (like immigration, education or basic scientific research),” she wrote. 
The WikiLeaks emails from Podesta’s account imply a meeting was arranged later that month. 
SOCIAL MEDIA GIANTS ARE ACTUALLY GOVERNMENT CREATIONS: 
If you doubt that the CIA made Google, and Google made the NSA, but you don’t read the following: save your worthless drivel for someone who cares. If you don't have the facts presented, how can you presume to dispute then? Conversely, if you dispute the facts presented with evidence stacked higher than Mt. Everest, by all means… let’s hear it, but support your opinions with FACTS, not platitudes.",0
8424,These Celebrities Just Made An Anti-Trump Video For The Ages,"Comments 
In this amusing but alarming musical number, famed songstress Rachel Bloom joins a star-studded crew to pen a parody of “We Are The World” as a last-ditch attempt to remind American voters of just what exactly is at stake in this election, pleading with the American people to please, please not vote for Donald Trump. 
Joined by such star-studded names like Zach Reino, Jack Dolgen, Moby, Mayim Bialik, Adam Scott, Adam Pally, Melissa Rauch, Jane Lynch, Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Bloom has a simple statement for everyone: “Holy Sh*t, Get Out And Vote.” 
“ I can’t believe I’ve had to stoop so low. But an orange talking STD has driven me to this recording studio! And now Moby is on the drums while Elizabeth Banks plays bass. So we can try to convince the USA not to shoot itself in the face.” 
At this point in the game, if you haven’t accepted that Donald Trump is a serial sexual predator who has made his entire business career off the backs of others and his entire political career off of appalling and un-American ethnonationalism who would destroy our economy and leave the world at the mercy of the predatory ambitions of dictators like Vladimir Putin, this song isn’t going to convince you. But it’s a fun little diversion that still hits home just how critical the result of this election is going to be. 
Watch it here:",0
8425,"‘Informed Rant’: The Violence of Borders, Racist Mascots and The Real News","‘Informed Rant’: The Violence of Borders, Racist Mascots and The Real News Posted on Nov 4, 2016 Detail from the cover of Reece Jones’ book, “Violent Borders.” (Verso Books) 
In this week’s episode of “Informed Rant,” the podcast of Joshua Scheer, Scheer speaks with Reece Jones, associate professor of Geography at the University of Hawaii, Manoa, about Jones’ book, “V iolent Borders: Refugees and the Right to Move ” and the human cost of borders. 
Scheer also speaks with Paul Jay, co-founder and editor in chief of The Real News, about the site’s significance, and Robert Holden, deputy director of the National Congress of American Indians, about racism and sports mascots after the world series. 
A rushed transcript follows. 
Advertisement Square, Site wide 
Joshua Scheer: My guest right now is Professor Reece Jones, he’s a geopolitical expert. He teaches geography at the University of Hawaii Manila. His book is “Violent Borders”. We’re discussing refugees. Thank you for joining me. 
Reece Jones: Thanks for having me on. 
Scheer: You ask this question in the book, and obviously every day there’s some big story about migrants and refugees and what’s happening in the world. We just saw it yesterday with the so-called jungle being torn down in France. This morning I woke up to the BBC saying 238 migrants may have drowned outside of Libya. You study this, talking about limiting the movements of the poor and you ask this question in the beginning of your book. Talk about this. The limiting of the movements of these refugees and what you’ve seen, both in your field research, but also in the media reports and everything else that we’re all seeing right now. We’ve seen over the last, certainly the last few years, but this is not a new movement as you write about in your book. 
Jones: I’ve been studying borders for about 15 years now, and over that period of time, I’ve seen two big changes happening at borders. The first is the construction of a lot of border infrastructure that is designed to limit the movement of people across border spaces and to deter people from trying to make trips across borders. This infrastructure is both the deployment of a lot more border agents at borders, the use of new surveillance technologies and military technologies in border spaces, but it’s probably most evident if you look at walls. 
Walls are a good way to symbolize the hardening of borders that’s happened in the past 15 years. In 1990 there were about 15 border walls around the world, so relatively few. Today there are almost 70 walls on borders around the world, so there’s been a dramatic increase in the number of walls. Those walls symbolize all of the other infrastructure that goes along with that. The militarization of the security in these spaces. 
The second trend that I’ve noticed that goes along with that is a dramatic increase in the number of people dying at borders. If you look at the edges of the European Union, in the 1990s there were less than a hundred deaths per year at the edges of the EU, whereas in the past decade, those numbers have gone up dramatically. We’re talking about in the last 3 years in a row, over 3,500 people have died at the edges of the EU every single year. 
That’s part of a global trend. From 2005 to 2014, 40,000 people globally died trying to cross the border. In the last 2 years, as you mentioned during your introduction, that’s increased even more. Over 10,000 people have died trying to cross a border in just 2015 and 2016. 
Scheer: Yes, and you have the number in ... A lot of numbers in your book, and it’s very interesting walls. Can you explain, we’re going to get into the violence aspect, but explain this concept that was foreign to me, humanitarian fencing which you saw in Spain and elsewhere. What is humanitarian fencing? How does that relate? 
Jones: In some border areas, there’s an effort to construct fencing that is meant to deter people from crossing rather than injure them in the crossing process. If you look at the US fence, the one that was built after the Secure Fence Act passed in 2006, it doesn’t have a lot of barbed wire on it, instead it’s a wall, it prevents movement, but it doesn’t have the ways to injure people crossing. The EU fencing in Spain for example, is also similar in that respect. It doesn’t have all the barbed wire that we see in other borders around the world. 
That doesn’t mean that it doesn’t have a dangerous effect on people’s lives, because what we see over and over again is that as particular border crossing routes are closed, fences are always built in the easier places for people to cross between cities, it diverts people to ever more dangerous routes. That’s why there’s been this dramatic increase in deaths, because as borders become harder to cross, we’ve seen that it doesn’t deter people from crossing as it was predicted to do. Instead, it forces them to cross in these very dangerous places, which means the deserts of the US Southwest. 
In Arizona for example, where the number of deaths increased dramatically as fences were built on the US border. At the edges of the EU it means the people are crossing in the Mediterranean. They’re having to go to Libya, and having to use smugglers and are put in these very dangerous situations, which results in these really high death rates of people trying to cross into Europe. 
Scheer: My guest is Reece Jones, he’s a geography professor at the University of Hawaii Manila, and his book is Violent Borders, Refugees and the Right to Move. This is not a new concept as you write about though. The Great Wall of China you write about, Hadrian’s wall, it created a defensive control. Good taxes, and let’s get into that a little bit. The walls that were created, like for the Great Wall of China, and then with feudal lords and common lands using hedges and other mechanisms. 
We start to shift the conversation into the state’s responsibility, because as you write in your book, this is not ... One, as you write or as other geographers have also written, to be modern is to be ... Modern citizen it to be a mobile citizen, and also we have been always in migration. Our history’s in migration. Let’s talk about the history of basically creating walls and then where we have reached today in which states are protecting us and we have this national identity based on borders. 
Jones: What I argue in the book, the broader argument that I make in the book is that the walls that we see today and all of the security infrastructure that goes along with them at borders, the idea of citizenship, the use of passports, the imposition of border patrols, is new in the way that it’s happening at borders, but I argue that it’s part of a much longer term history that’s part of this contest between people moving around and states’ efforts to try to control that movement. 
I argue that a powerful historical process is the state using movement restrictions to contain the poor to particular places to lower their wages to to make them have no wages. What we see today is part of that longer history. In the past it was things like slavery, or serfdom, or vagrancy laws or poor laws, that kept the poor locked into particular places and allowed the wealthy to access their wages to they work at low wages or no wages. Today we see that with borders. 
The poor are restricted to the countries of their birth and this creates pools of low-wage labor that lets corporations move factories to locations where it’s advantageous to them, but doesn’t allow workers to move to places where they could demand higher wages. What I argue in the book is that the violence we see at borders today is part of that effort to contain the poor to particular places to protect the privileges and wealth that have accrued in other places.",0
8426,A New Paradigm for Diagnosis and Treatment of Modern Chronic Illnesses,"A New Paradigm for Diagnosis and Treatment of Modern Chronic Illnesses Dr. Judy Mikovits 
by John P. Thomas Health Impact News 
The persistent investigation of Dr. Mikovits into the cause and treatment of modern illnesses, along with a handful of other scientists and healthcare providers such as the late Dr. Jeff Bradstreet, M.D., is leading us toward a new understanding of modern illness and its treatment. 
Dr. Mikovits sees the bigger picture of health and illness that few scientists and healthcare providers have the courage to examine. She had great respect for the work of Dr. Bradstreet and his successful use of the new paradigm for treating difficult illnesses. Dr. Mikovits stated: 
Dr. Bradstreet recognized that what we call autism is in fact an acquired immune deficiency. What we know of as autism is part of a collection of more than 60 diseases that is spiraling and increasing in our environment. 
It is acquired immune deficiency resulting from all the toxins, all the vaccines and other contaminants in our environment from these biologicals that in fact means that what we know of as autism spectrum disorder is an acquired immune deficiency. [1] A Family of Acquired Immune Deficiency Diseases 
Many who read this may be initially confused or may even balk at the use of the term Acquired Immune Deficiency , because of the association with HIV/AIDS. HIV/AIDS is one of many acquired immune deficiency syndromes (diseases). It is an acquired immune deficiency caused by the virus that is commonly called HIV. However, HIV is not the only acquired immune deficiency disease – there are more than 60 others, which can result in non-HIV AIDS. 
When the human immune system is repeatedly stressed and weakened by toxic food, by toxins in the environment, and by toxic vaccines, then chronic retrovirus related illnesses can begin to emerge from their slumber. We can give a general name to all these illnesses. We can simply call them Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndromes or non-HIV AIDS. 
The conventional healthcare system struggles to accurately diagnose these modern diseases, because there are so many overlapping sets of symptoms. Beyond the specific symptoms is the same underlying problem, which is immune system dysregulation and dysfunction. 
People with these diseases have immune systems that have been pushed to the max by various stressors. Their immune systems have been pushed to the point of breakage where retroviral infections can be released from their confinement and begin to reproduce in the body. 
Once this happens, the immune system is no longer able to adequately respond to the insults that it was formerly able to control. Various immune system pathways keep trying to fix the situation, but can’t overcome the damage. 
An acquired immune deficiency is simply an immune system that has been broken to such a degree that it cannot properly respond to the conditions that are causing illness. It is so broken that it cannot even repair itself. The result of such severe immune dysfunction is chronic disabling illness. The Central Tenet of Modern Chronic Illnesses 
Dr. Mikovits explains more about the new understanding of the immune system and the paradigm shift that is leading healthcare providers to reconsider long-held assumptions about health and illness. It is causing them to rethink what it means to bring about a “cure” for modern illnesses. Dr. Mikovits stated: 
The paradigm shift was recognizing that the macrophage was the central tenet of disease. Our central hypothesis, which we have held for more than three decades, is that there is a critical threshold of immune activation, and when the activation rises above that level, damage to the immune system is being created. Damage is created at a distance. 
The damage may be subclinical and it will create imbalance not only in the macrophages, but also in other parts of the immune system. What we want to do is to stop this process. 
We want to stop the disease engine, stop the microbial switch from turning on the oxidative stress, and turning on the inflammatory cytokines — and doing this over and over again. If we can limit the damage to the subsets of the immune system, then it is possible to modulate and rebalance the immune system and cure the disease. [2] The Power of the Immune System can Heal Modern Diseases 
The new paradigm offers the possibility of true cure, because it relies on the power of the human immune system to bring about a cure. Cure is not seen as the eradication of pathogens by pharmaceutical drugs or other means, rather, the goal is to restore the immune system so that it can once again control or manage pathogens. 
In the case of retroviral infection such as HIV, HTLV-1 Leukemia virus, and others, these viruses cannot be eradicated from the body once they have imbedded themselves into human DNA. Once retroviruses have inserted themselves into cells, they cannot be removed – they are there for life. 
This means that successful treatments will need to prevent further viral reproduction and enable the immune system to control the existing viral load. When this is done, then the symptoms of disease subside and people are able to live normal lives again. 
The illnesses we are discussing first appeared after the dawn of the genetic age or they had a sudden increase in prevalence since it began. Many of these diseases were once considered only diseases of the elderly; but today they are appearing in children and even in newborn babies. This is especially true for cancer. 
We are seeing babies born with cancer, two-year-olds dying of cancer, children being unable to digest food, teens dropping dead while playing sports, children with severe physical and intellectual delays, young adults in their twenties with disabling neurological failure, people in their 40s and 50s with deteriorating brain function and memory loss, and people of all ages developing brain fog and physical weakness to the point where they can no longer work or even take care of themselves. 
Such things were virtually unheard of before the dawning of the genetic Age. The Bad Fruit of the Genetic Age 
The diseases listed below are some of the illnesses that are associated with retroviral infection and immune system damage. We cannot say these diseases are caused by retroviruses, but only that retroviruses are often expressed in patients who have these diseases. Aberrant retrovirus expression and a compromised immune system are the common threads that link these diseases together. The prevalence of these diseases has increased dramatically over the past four decades. 
Illnesses Associated with Retroviral Infection [3] 
Cancers: Prostate, Breast, Lymphoma, Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, Mantle Cell Lymphoma, Adult T-Cell Leukemia, Hairy Cell Leukemia, Liver, Bladder, Kidney, Pancreas, Colorectal, Ovarian, and Non-Hodgkin’s Lymphoma. 
Auto-Immune Diseases: Rheumatoid Arthritis, Lupus, Crohn’s Disease, Peripheral Neuropathy, Primary Biliary Cirrhosis, Sjogren’s Syndrome, Hashimoto’s Thyroiditis, Polymyositis, and Bechet’s Disease. 
Neuro-Immune Diseases: Myalgic Encephalomyelitis or Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS), Multiple Sclerosis, Fibromyalgia, Gulf-War Syndrome, Morgellons Disease, treatment resistant Lyme disease, and idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP). 
Central Nervous System Diseases: Alzheimer’s, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, multiple system atrophy, Autism Spectrum Disorders, and Parkinson’s. 
A central sign of immune system dysfunction in these diseases is extreme fatigue. Many people also note unexplained weight loss or gain. These symptoms are early warning signs of cancer, but also are hallmarks of all the other diseases mentioned above. 
In addition, there will be: signs of inflammation, significant hormone dysregulation, highly elevated reactive oxygen species (ROS), highly elevated reactive nitrogen species (RNS), changes in gene expression without a change to DNA (epigenetics), actual changes in DNA through the process of insertional mutagenesis in which exogenous genetic material is incorporated within the DNA of a host, and serious immune system deficiency. Proper Treatment of Immune System Dysfunction can Help Patients 
This is a grim reality that Dr. Mikovits has been working to change. 
The proper treatment of immune system dysfunction can help patients with these types of illnesses. These types of treatments enable the body’s normal immune defenses to take up their task and gain control over out-of-control situations in the body. Multiple Factors are Causing Illness and Death in Our Modern Age 
These are some of the major factors that work together to damage immune system functioning. Alterations in human DNA caused by the presence of retroviruses, Opportunistic co-infections that accompany retroviral infections, Vaccines and most pharmaceutical drugs, Highly processed food and its toxic ingredients such as GMOs, glyphosate, preservatives, artificial flavorings, hydrogenated oil products, etc., Electromagnetic pollution, Toxic chemical exposure in the environment, Chlorinated and fluoridated drinking water, Biologically inactive and chemically contaminated agricultural soil, Antibiotics and incompatible GMO feed given to animals raised in confined feeding operations, Toxins and artificial fragrances in cleaning products and body care products, Mold infested homes and schools, and Of course, the high sugar and high carbohydrate diet. 
These factors, plus many others, which are common to “modern life” in America, interact synergistically to damage the immune system. The combined harm is much higher than would be expected by simply adding the potential dangers together. Over time, the stress they produce on the immune system will cause it to crash, and one or more of the illnesses listed above will manifest. 
Conventional physicians cannot seem to accept the reality that the modern diseases that plague the world today are linked to multiple factors. They have trouble believing there is synergy between these factors, and that together they could be disrupting the human immune system to the point where disease results. Question for Dr. Mikovits 
Is Your Approach Really New? 
Basically what I am describing is old-fashioned medicine, and it is rarely done anymore. There are some, of course, who do use these protocols. We need to look at the patient. Talk to the patient. Look at the family. That is what we do. That’s what we have always done. 
Based on the fact that damage to the immune system is associated with a complex set of interconnected factors, many of which cannot be clearly assessed, then is it reasonable to think that the selection of treatment options needs to be based more on the dysfunctions in immune system pathways, than on the potential triggers of the dysfunction? 
Yes, that is correct. 
There are any number of therapies – both natural products and otherwise – that could be put together to address immune system dysfunction. But, there is no simple fix. Physicians tend to want to just hand a patient an antidepressant, which is not going to work, or give Lyrica or pain medication, which is going to mask the problem. Even steroids mask the problem and prevent immune system functioning, and down the road a few years things are going to get even worse and spin out of control. 
Treating these patients is a lot like the protocol we used for treating AIDS patients. If the AIDS patient had TB or mycoplasma we couldn’t treat the retrovirus first. We had to clear the terrain. We had to stop some of the other overwhelming infections and prevent the downstream effects on their bodies. Otherwise, they couldn’t respond to the treatment. What we learned that was most significant was to never let the CD4 T cells get too low, because if they get too low then patients can’t respond to antiretroviral or antimicrobial treatments. 
We are also learning which microbes in the human microbiome are key to drug responses, because they modulate the immune system, interferon and things like that. 
Most people want natural products for their illnesses. Baicalin, medical marijuana, vitamin D binding protein (GcMAF), and HEEL Lymphomyosot are some of the natural products that we have studied. The New Paradigm must Address Vaccines and Vaccine Injury 
Big Pharma and the government scientists who do their will want us to believe that the science regarding vaccine safety is settled, and the current vaccination schedule is safe. However, some scientists object to this conclusion and insist that the science is not settled and the schedule is not safe! 
In fact, the science that has been produced since 2010 concerning vaccines is unsettling Big Pharma. It contradicts their past conclusions and is threatening their profitability. 
Agencies such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) have lost touch with their original mandates to protect and serve the public. These U.S. government regulators continue to ignore the new science and pursue an informal program that discredits scientists who expose the harmful nature of current vaccines, and they discredit those who dare to criticize the CDC’s recommended vaccine schedule. 
As we saw with the MMR vaccine, the FDA knowingly approves vaccines and drugs when research shows a high potential for harm, and even destroys data and alters its findings for the sake of keeping its corporate funders happy. [4] While the FDA is keeping its head buried in the sand, the CDC is promoting a schedule of childhood vaccination which has caused harm to millions of children. 
Despite this level of corruption, strong voices can be heard from outside the corporate and regulatory world declaring the truth about vaccines and their schedule of administration. 
Among the voices raising concern about the safety of vaccines and their schedule of administration is the respectful voice of scientist Dr. Judy A. Mikovits, Ph.D. She continues to speak out on the mechanisms of immune system injury and the treatments for retroviral and vaccine related illness. Her clear voice is a wake-up call to all people who value health freedom and independent thinking. 
Her teaching is life-enriching, because she is addressing the needs of real people with serious illness, and is speaking directly to doctors who are beginning to realize they need new tools to understand and treat the modern illnesses of their patients. 
Her teaching is not anti-vaccine, because Dr. Mikovits is not anti-vaccine. However, Dr. Mikovits is not afraid to raise serious questions about the safety of the vaccines being used today. She is not afraid to give a strong warning about the vaccine schedule used for infants and children, and will not remain silent about the lack of wisdom associated with vaccinating pregnant women and seniors. 
Dr. Mikovits allows the science to speak. She works hard to avoid standing on the pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine soapbox. Instead, she quietly asks us to use our intelligence to make decisions concerning the use of vaccines based on everything that is known about the functioning of the human immune system and its reaction to vaccines. Dr. Mikovits is Challenging All of Us to Wake Up 
Dr. Mikovits is inserting a healthy dose of common sense into the discussion of vaccine safety. She stated: 
You will hear, “the science is settled, vaccines are safe.” They aren’t safe. What science is settled? We learn new things every day! 
Dr. Mikovits is challenging all of us to wake up. 
Physicians are being challenged to think twice whenever they consider recommending that all their patients receive vaccines according to the schedule promoted by the CDC. The general public is being challenged to think twice before agreeing to receive vaccines or permit vaccines to be given to their children. Patients are being challenged to engage their physicians in a dialogue about the potential harm that might result from being vaccinated, because vaccine injury is a real possibility whenever a vaccine is given, and the use of clever marketing slogans such as “the science is settled” does not remove the possibility of vaccine injury. 
Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com. About the Author 
John P. Thomas is a health writer for Health Impact News. He holds a B.A. in Psychology from the University of Michigan, and a Master of Science in Public Health (M.S.P.H.) from the School of Public Health, Department of Health Administration, at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. References 
[1] Judy Mikovits, Seeking Health Educational Institute 2016, 4/21/2016. https://seekinghealth.org/sheicon2016/ 
[2] Dr. Mikovits is referencing the analysis of researchers David J. Dowling and Ofer Levy; “Ontogeny of Early Life Immunity,” Trends Immunol, July 2014, PMCID PMC4109609. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4109609/ 
[3] This information was derived from my conversation with Dr. Mikovits and from her slides available from: “PRT 2013 Presentation,” MAR Consulting Inc., retrieved 12/ 18/2015. http://www.marconsultinginc.com/prt-2013-presentation.html 
[4] “Vaxxed: From Cover-Up to Catastrophe,” Official Website, Retreived 10/20/2016. http://vaxxedthemovie.com/ Leaving a lucrative career as a nephrologist (kidney doctor), Dr. Suzanne Humphries is now free to actually help cure people. In this autobiography she explains why good doctors are constrained within the current corrupt medical system from practicing real, ethical medicine. FREE Shipping Available! Order here . Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? eBook – Available for immediate download. 
One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.” 
However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines. 
The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary. 
Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field. 
In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual. 
Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot. 
These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions. 
In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe. Read : Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device!",0
8427,CNN’s Zakaria: Trump’s ’Erratic’ ’Cheap Shot’ Foreign Policy ’Damaging’ America - Breitbart,"Sunday on CNN’s “Fareed Zakaria GPS,” host Fareed Zakaria said President Donald Trump’s “erratic foreign policy” was “damaging” to America.  Zakaria said, “But first here’s my take. There has been much focus onDonaldd Trump’s erratic foreign policy. The out landish positions, the many   the outright mistakes, but far more damaging in the long run might be what some have termed the Trump effect. The impact of Donald Trump on the domestic politics of other countries. That effect appears to be powerful, negative, and enduring. It could undermine decades of American foreign policy successes. He added, “In foreign policy, great statesmen always keep in mind one crucial reality, every country has its own domestic politics. crude rhetoric, outlandish demands, poorly thought through policies, cheap shots, all place foreign leaders in a box. They cannot be perceived as surrendering to America and certainly not to an America led by someone who insists on showing that for America to win others must lose. That’s one big difference among many between doing a real estate deal and managing foreign policy. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
8428,Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due - The New York Times,"KANSAS CITY, Mo.  —   The most important play in football as far as the Kansas City Chiefs are concerned is not a long gain on first down or a defensive stop on   . It is the punt, the humble   and anyone who rebuts this point with Dave Toub does so at his own peril. Toub is the team’s   coordinator, the mastermind behind an elite unit, one that has fueled the Chiefs’ rise to A. F. C. contender and also his own candidacy for head coaching openings. But before Toub directed a group that has dominated field position and returned nine kickoffs or punts for touchdowns during his four seasons in Kansas City, he was a   novice. His first job in that area came during his first season as an N. F. L. coach  —   in 2001, when his current boss, Andy Reid, hired him as a   assistant to the   coordinator John Harbaugh in Philadelphia. Early conversations with Harbaugh, now a Super   coach in Baltimore, inculcated the magnitude of the punt. Toub, who was the Chicago Bears’   coordinator for nine seasons after leaving Philadelphia, considers the punt an offensive play, and no other offensive play registers the same consistent impact. It averages more than 40 yards. It flips field position. It determines outcomes. “My philosophy is if you punt well, cover well and play good defense, you’ll be in every game,” Toub said in an interview last week. The Chiefs, who play the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday night in the playoffs, applied that philosophy en route to going   their best record since 2003, and winning the A. F. C. West for the first time in six seasons. Toub stresses it to newcomers and stalwarts alike, in meeting rooms and on the practice field, until they, too, understand. Twice in Toub’s four seasons, according to data compiled by Football Outsiders, Kansas City has had the best average field position in the N. F. L. “It’s why the best   players are on punt,” said one of them, the rookie defensive back Eric Murray. It is also why every   period at practice begins with punting. Murray and his cohorts allowed the   yards per return. The punter, Dustin Colquitt, pooched the   kicks inside the   line. The Chiefs’ opponents have the   average field position. For good measure, the Chiefs’ punt return unit, led by the rookie speedster Tyreek Hill, produced two touchdowns and the most yards per return. What powers Kansas City’s special teams, rated by Football Outsiders as the   unit in the N. F. L. after the Eagles’ is equal parts talent, scheme and trust. It begins with the confidence Reid has in Toub, 54, his friend for more than 30 years. It enables Toub, with almost the entire roster at his disposal, to make decisions with conviction. “I wouldn’t say that other ones in the past have looked over their shoulder like, ‘Is this O. K.?’” said Colquitt, in his 12th season punting for the Chiefs. “But Andy trusts him with the whole deal  —   this is your thing, put your spin on it. He wants to see the Dave Toub side of this play. ” The Toub side manifests itself in subtleties, such as an obsessive emphasis on    blocking, but also in more audacious moments, such as the fake punt he designed (and called) to perfection in a Week 13 victory in Atlanta or what his former boss in Chicago, Lovie Smith, said would have been “one of the greatest plays of all time” had a penalty not foiled a misdirection masterpiece for a touchdown that bewildered the Green Bay Packers in 2011. “Sometimes you can hit it just right with the personnel in one place,” said Smith, who hired Toub in 2004. “But what Dave’s done is unique. He’s done it twice. Look at what his special teams do. ” It was Smith who instilled the attitude that the Bears would win because of their special teams, and with 22 touchdowns on kickoff or punt returns (and only three allowed) during Toub’s tenure, they often did. Special teams are thriving again with Kansas City because the Chiefs prioritize them during the   when they evaluate players, and during the season, when critical practice time is devoted. On Tuesdays after games,   players eagerly await a packet containing grades in multiple categories. They receive points for things like drawing penalties, tackling ball carriers and being the first player downfield on a kickoff. They are docked points for things like missing tackles, committing penalties and not hustling. Toub and his assistant, Brock Olivo, the first recipient of the college   player of the year award in 1997, also assign grades to 350 potential draft picks. They value two qualities above all: instincts and speed. “If you have that combination, you know you’ve got a guy,” Toub said. “The floor is going to be at least a good   player. ” If a prospect does not play special teams, Toub and Olivo review his offensive or defensive film and project possible roles. If two receivers or defensive backs are perceived as similar, Toub said, the   mark breaks the tie. Sometimes the next contributor is obvious from the outset, as it was with Murray, who excelled on special teams at Minnesota. Toub loved Murray’s toughness and intelligence, traits that have served him well with the Chiefs, who depend on him both to make blocks and shed them. His aptitude landed him on Pro Football Focus’s   first team. “A lot of times, we match up against people who weigh 250, 260,” said Murray, listed at 5 feet 11 and 199 pounds, “but even though we’re smaller, Dave always says to punch them in the mouth. We’re relentless. ” The constant churn at the bottom of the roster can destroy   continuity, but the Chiefs’ unit has maintained a strong core  —   Frank Zombo, Anthony Sherman and Daniel Sorenson have played the last three seasons, for instance  —   supplemented by eager young players who volunteer for assignments. Recent drafts have netted D. J. Alexander, De’Anthony Thomas, Demarcus Robinson and Hill, who has returned three kicks (two punts, one kickoff) for touchdowns. Toub called Hill the fastest player he has ever coached  —   faster even than Devin Hester, regarded as one of the best returners ever. Toub has been fortunate to be able to deploy Hill (and Hester) but he specifically tells his charges not to expect Hill to depend solely on his physical gifts. “He knows it’s not like a video game, that Tyreek’s not going to make everybody miss,” Colquitt said. “When you go back and look and see how he got to the end zone, it’s because 10 guys are dedicated to blocking for him, doing exactly what was drawn up during the week. ” Thirty years ago, those organizational skills appealed to   Paso Coach Bob Stull, who gave Toub, a     offensive lineman at the university, his first   coaching job in strength and conditioning. Unlike many of his peers in that era, Stull said, Toub maintained records of his players’ progress in major lifts, first at UTEP and then at Missouri. It was there, in 1998, where he shifted to coaching football, after the sudden death of Missouri’s defensive line coach. And it was also there, Stull said, where Toub, a gifted carpenter, built a home and started renovating others. Decades later, Toub remains a meticulous craftsman. He just found another outlet.",0
8429,Trump: Electing Clinton will cause a constitutional crisis,"Trump: Electing Clinton will cause a constitutional crisis November 01, 2016 Donald Trump appears at a campaign rally in Warren, Michigan. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri 
Donald Trump told a crowd in Michigan Monday that if Hillary Clinton is elected the FBI investigation overshadowing her presidency would create a constitutional crisis. Trump: ""The investigation will last for years. The trial will probably start. Nothing will get done. I can tell you, your jobs will continue to leave Michigan. Nothing’s going to get done.” Clinton: Confident that the FBI will not find anything problematic in the emails and will reach the same conclusion they did earlier this year. Hillary from Ohio: ""It wasn't even a close call.” Clinton on Trump being a threat: ""I am running against someone who says he doesn't understand why we can't use nuclear weapons.” From Cincinnati: “I wonder if he even knows that a single nuclear warhead can kill millions of people.” Trump from Warren: ""I want to tell you, she is a terrible example for my son and the children of this country.” “Hillary is the one who broke the law over and over and over again.” 
(GRAND RAPIDS, MICH./KENT, OHIO) Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump called Democratic rival Hillary Clinton a threat to the country on Monday, saying that if she is elected a probe into her emails could shadow her entire term in office. 
""The investigation will last for years. The trial will probably start,"" Trump told a rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan. ""Nothing will get done. I can tell you, your jobs will continue to leave Michigan. Nothing’s going to get done.” 
The Federal Bureau of Investigation on Friday said it was investigating newly discovered emails that might relate to Clinton's use of a private email server when she was secretary of state. 
Clinton on Monday again said she was confident that the FBI would not find anything problematic in her emails and would reach the same conclusion they did earlier this year. 
""It wasn't even a close call,"" she said at a rally in Cincinnati, Ohio, of the FBI investigation.",0
8430,"Gun Control Wall, Bolstered by Republicans, Shows a Crack - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   A widely publicized   by House Democrats. A bipartisan compromise proposal in the Senate. Neither is very likely to lead to any legislative action in Congress on gun safety this year. Election Day is too close, and most of the Republican opposition is too dug in. But the fact that a legislative response remains elusive does not mean there has been no movement on the issue. Members of both parties say they sensed a shift in the gun debate after the mass killing in Orlando, Fla. a notable difference in attitude from the reaction on Capitol Hill after previous horrific shootings. Eight Senate Republicans joined with 44 Democrats on a   compromise that would deny people on two different federal watch lists the ability to buy weapons unless they could successfully appeal that decision. Several other Republican senators showed some willingness to accept new restrictions on gun purchases if they could be structured in an acceptable way. A bipartisan companion measure also was introduced in the House. These are incremental steps, but in the gridlocked world of gun control politics, they count for something. One explanation for the change is that Omar Mateen, the Orlando killer, used his legally purchased firearms in the commission of a terrorist act. Some Republicans say they are willing to challenge the   of no new gun control  —   and the National Rifle Association  —   in the interest of trying to prevent similar terrorist attacks. Republicans find it much easier to explain enacting gun restrictions to constituents devoted to the Second Amendment if they can frame their position as an act against terrorism. “The Constitution’s a sacred document, but it is not a suicide pact,” said Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina and a gun owner. “This is not hard for me. Due process is important, but at the end of the day, we are at war. ” To Democrats, any hint of daylight between some Republicans and the N. R. A. is welcome. “For the first time in quite a while you’re seeing some Republicans buck the N. R. A. ,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the No. 3 Democrat in the Senate, who is likely to be the Democratic leader next year. After watching Democrats tie up the Senate with a   filibuster and Democrats occupy the House floor with a     that exploded on social media, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, is eager to take up other issues. “Clearly, we have got to move on,” Mr. McConnell said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” though he added, “This is an issue, obviously, we’ll be revisiting again in the future. ” “Whether people like it or not, there is a constitutional right in our country to own and possess a firearm,” he said. Mr. McConnell was heavily invested in making sure the compromise plan offered by Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, and opposed by the N. R. A. ended up short of the   level of 60 votes. He does not want to be remembered as the leader of a   Senate that defied the gun rights group, one of the most powerful allies of his party. And he allowed a competing alternative by Senator Ron Johnson, Republican of Wisconsin, that probably siphoned Republican votes from the Collins plan. But the votes exposed a small universe of Republican senators who might eventually be willing to support gun restrictions in the interest of preventing terrorism, perhaps enough to eventually push a compromise proposal to the hallowed   level. “The fact that terrorism has become intertwined with the gun issue puts greater pressure on Republican senators and Senator McConnell to get something done,” Mr. Schumer said. Mr. Schumer and his fellow Democrats acknowledge the latest round of debate on gun control is good politics for them, particularly in swing states like New Hampshire, Pennsylvania and Ohio that will be crucial to deciding control of the Senate in November. Polls show an overwhelming majority of Americans would deny those on terrorism watch lists the ability to buy guns, which the Collins bill proposed. As the Collins proposal gained steam after the defeat of other, more partisan proposals, Democrats discussed opposing it. They worried that strong Democratic backing would allow a handful of embattled Republicans the opportunity to cast a politically helpful gun safety vote even though no legislation would pass  —   an opportunity to “get well” on guns as it is known. Democrats said they decided to give the plan their full support to show they were serious about moving ahead with gun control even though the compromise fell short of their legislative goals and could benefit some Republicans. Senators Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Patrick J. Toomey of Pennsylvania, top Democratic targets, were among those voting for the Collins plan. Though the immediate legislative prospects look dim, the gun control debate is not going to quiet down anytime soon. Energized by the attention to their   House Democrats branded Wednesday a “National Day of Action” on guns and held news conferences and protests around the country while lawmakers were home for the Fourth of July recess. Representative Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, on Monday urged Democrats to hold family   to “keep the drumbeat for action growing. ” Democrats expect to return to their guerrilla tactics when the House convenes next week. Backers of the Collins proposal say they will continue to press for added support as well. Perceiving a shift in congressional sentiment and a distinct political advantage, gun control advocates are not about to give up now.",0
8431,Israeli Minister sparks Scandal after showing Satisfaction at Italy's Earthquakes,"
Two earthquakes, which struck Italy this week, were “retribution” for the country’s support of the UNESCO resolution disregarding the Jewish connection to Jerusalem, Israeli Deputy Minister for Regional Cooperation Ayoob Kara said.
“I’m sure that the earthquake happened because of the UNESCO decision,” Kara, a member of the ruling Likud Party, wrote in a memo, Ynetnews website reported.
Ironically, the Israeli politician was on a state visit to the Vatican when the quakes hit central Italy on Wednesday, killing one and injuring 10 people.
Earlier the same day, UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization), passed a resolution criticizing Israel for its handling of the holy site in Jerusalem – called Temple Mount by Jews, and Haram al-Sharif by Muslims.
The document was adopted after heated debate over its wording, and particularly the Arabic names used in the document. Italy was among the nations voting in favor of the resolution.
Israel blasted UNESCO and its Arab members for trying to undermine Jewish connections to the holy site.
Kara arrived in the Vatican in a fruitless effort to avert the resolution, but still managed to have a small chat with the leader of the Catholic Church.
According to Kara, Pope Francis “strongly disagreed” with the resolution.
“He (the Pope) even said publicly that the holy land is connected to the Nation of Israel,” the deputy minister stressed.
As for surviving the natural disaster, the Israeli politician said that “going through the earthquake was not the most comfortable of experiences, but we trusted that the Holy See would keep us safe.”
Source 
",0
8432,Dem Rep Gutiérrez: Not Used to ’the Number of White Women’ Complaining to Him About Trump - Breitbart,"Tuesday on MSNBC, Rep. Luis Gutiérrez ( ) said he was confident Americans will fight back against President Donald Trump’s agenda because he explained, “I’m really not that used to, and I’ve been in Congress 24 years, the number of white women coming up to talk to me. ”  Gutiérrez said, “He at this point enters into the presidency with an approval rating that we have not seen in recent history for a president beginning, and he hasn’t had an auspicious start with his, you know, alternate realities and alternate facts that he gives us. Everything in Trump’s world is something that he manufactures to fit his scheme of the world. And his scheme of the world is not one that’s fitting with the reality. That’s why you saw over half a million  —   you know, I was there, so half a million, I’ll accept it, but I think there were a lot more women than that, and they came truly, truly organically. ” He continued, “I had a town hall meeting last night unprecedented in my congressional district. It was around immigration. That was the issue that we were called to discuss last night. I got to tell you, my heart was just so touched to see people unaffected by our broken immigration system, to see people from, especially white women, the number of white women who felt a need to come out and join and learn and be in solidarity. I’ve got to tell you something, there is something mystical, magical happening out there in the American public, and I want to say thank you to women, because if it had not been for the women calling that march, we would have not come together as Muslims, as immigrants, as environmentalist  —   you know why we’ll push back on Keystone? Because there was a women’s march in Washington, D. C. and that women’s march was a march for environmental standards, and for our native Americans. ” He added, “I want to talk real quickly about identity politics. Look, I’m used to Latino women coming up and talking to me, pretty used to   women and Asian women approaching me and talking to me. I’m really not that used to, and I’ve been in Congress 24 years, the number of white women coming up to talk to me in my congressional district, the number of them calling, the kind of exchanges. I was on the airplane going back Sunday from the march, they all clapped for me, right? Is that really identity politics? A Latino male from the city of Chicago from a Hispanic district with a majority of white women on an airplane were all clapping and celebrating because they felt a kinship with me and I was so thankful to them, for the gift that they gave me of their love, of their applause, and of their approval. We’re each connecting with one another in ways we haven’t ever before. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
8433,"In Stanford Rape Case, Brock Turner Blamed Drinking and Promiscuity - The New York Times","Brock Turner, the former Stanford University student convicted of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman behind a Dumpster on campus, described his actions as the product of a culture of drinking, peer pressure and “sexual promiscuity,” according to his courtroom statement. In a letter he submitted before being sentenced to six months in jail by Judge Aaron Persky of the Santa Clara County Superior Court, obtained by The New York Times, Mr. Turner said: “I am the sole proprietor of what happened on the night that changed these people’s lives forever. I would give anything to change what happened. ” The case has spurred a national uproar because of a sentence criticized as far too lenient and a statement by the defendant’s father complaining that his son’s life had been ruined for “20 minutes of action. ” The judge is also facing a recall effort and has received threats of violence to him and his family, an official said. The    victim read her own statement in court, recounting the horror of finding out details of her attack on the news (she had been intoxicated and could not remember the assault) and having to break the news to her family. Mr. Turner said the events of that night had left him “a changed person. ” In addition to his   jail sentence  —   far less than the   maximum  —   he will serve three years’ probation and must register as a sex offender. He also lost his swimming scholarship to Stanford. In his letter, he said the woman had consented to the sexual encounter, even as he admitted “imposing trauma and pain” on her. He repeatedly cited an environment of peer pressure, drinking and promiscuity, factors he said he would use his time on probation to advocate against. “I want to demolish the assumption that drinking and partying are what make up a college lifestyle,” he wrote. “I made a mistake, I drank too much, and my decisions hurt someone. ” The woman passionately denounced his interpretation  —   especially his emphasis on alcohol and promiscuity  —   in her statement “Alcohol is not an excuse,” she wrote. “Regretting drinking is not the same as regretting sexual assault,” she added. “We were both drunk the difference is I did not take off your pants and underwear, touch you inappropriately and run away. ” The victim’s statement went viral after it was published last week by BuzzFeed. It was read live on CNN by the anchor Ashleigh Banfield on Monday. On Wednesday afternoon, Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York said that his wife, Chirlane McCray, and other figures would read the statement from Gracie Mansion in a video posted to his Facebook page. .",0
8434,"Wikileaks Warns It Is Launching ""Phase Three"" Of Its Election Coverage","Wikileaks Warns It Is Launching ""Phase Three"" Of Its Election Coverage   Source: Zero Hedge 
On Sunday night, Wikileaks enigmatically tweeted that it would launch “ phase 3 of [its] US election coverage"" in the coming week. The site put politicians on notice Sunday evening in a tweet that also included a plea for donations. 
“We commence phase 3 of our US election coverage next week. You can contribute: https://shop.wikileaks.org/donate @WLTaskForce"" the whistleblower website announced moments ago. We commence phase 3 of our US election coverage next week. You can contribute: https://t.co/MsNZhrTzTL @WLTaskForce pic.twitter.com/XferJnMGux 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 30, 2016 
As the Hill noted , Wiki did not provide information about what the third phase entails or if there are still more revelations to come. As a reminder, Wikileaks' founder Julian Assange currently finds himself in the Ecuador embassy where his internet access has been revoked for the duration of the presidential campaign to avoid the appearance of intervention. 
Wikileaks supporters, now including a number of disgruntled GOP nominee Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders supporters, promptly replied with tweets expressing hope that phase three would ultimately damage Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's campaign. User “CorruptMedia” responded with a Photoshopped estimating what CNN coverage of Clinton being escorted to jail would look like. 
A new archive of Clinton-related documents would further irk a campaign still reeling from FBI director James Comey's announcement on Friday that new emails related to the Clinton server probe had been discovered. 
But there is at least some reason to believe Wikileaks could release material that is not solely Clinton related. Julian Assange, the head of Wikileaks, has stated that he would publish information from Trump if the site were sent any. 
Wikileaks has already posted hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign chief John Podesta: the former led to the resignation of former DNC chair Debbie Wasserman-Schultz after it was revealed that the DNC was actively scheming to prevent Bernie Sanders' nomination; the former has led to a series of dramatic revelations into the strategic operations of the Clinton campaign, with the most damaging emails exposing the Clinton Foundation and WJC's consulting outfit Teneo as an ""influence-peddling"" pay-to-play organization as noted most recently in "" Doug Band To John Podesta: ""If This Story Gets Out, We Are Screwed"" """,0
8435,Chinese New Year: Inside the World’s Largest Trek - The New York Times,"BEIJING  —   Xu Zhengming was lugging a     television through the Beijing West Railway Station on his way home for China’s Lunar New Year. Another passenger was hauling a tub of meat. And many migrant workers returning to their home villages carried bundles of clothes and gifts for children they see maybe once a year. They all said that they could not go home   for China’s biggest holiday. Even if that meant carting a television for two days across 1, 000 miles. “I get to go back just once a year. It’s a long way,” Mr. Xu said as he heaved the television, bundled in protective clothing, through the railway station. He was headed to a village outside Chengdu, the capital of the southwestern province of Sichuan, a journey he estimated would take about 20 hours. “My father is in the countryside, and the family is hard up,” said Mr. Xu, a   construction laborer in Beijing, the Chinese capital. “He always wanted a   television, so I’m taking mine home to give him. ” He and most other passengers at this cavernous, thrumming station were among hundreds of millions of Chinese on the move for the Lunar New Year. Many wore red hats or scarves, the color of good luck. While the total number of holiday travelers is hard to pin down, this is the world’s largest annual migration. Zhang Kemin, a restaurant worker dragging a plastic tub holding about 18 pounds of beef and lamb, said he was taking the meat home to Hebei Province, adjacent to Beijing, to make boiled dumplings filled with a mix of meat and vegetables, an essential part of the holiday food in northern China. “There’s pork at home,” he explained. In the days before the holiday, big cities, like Beijing, and the coastal industrial regions exhale tens of millions of workers who head back to their hometowns and villages by train, plane, bus, car and motorbike for this family holiday of marathon eating, fireworks and paying respects to relatives. This year, the festivities start on Friday evening, when the country says goodbye to the Year of the Monkey and welcomes the Year of the Rooster. On Thursday, the Beijing West Railway Station hummed like a giant boot camp, with the police, paramilitary troops and station staff members hustling passengers into waiting rooms to be corralled onto trains. Workers at the station said the holiday rush was more orderly than a decade ago, when heaving crowds threatened to overwhelm stations. “It used to be crazy, but it’s a lot better now,” said Yang Guibao, a bald    cleaner at the station. “They add many more trains for the Spring Festival, and the passengers don’t have to be so packed,” he said, using another name for the Lunar New Year. With a wag of his finger, he warned, “There are still pickpockets around, but there are also plainclothes cops. ” China’s trains have become more numerous and faster than even a few years ago. More people go by car or plane, and they are not as bent on all going home at the same time. Some visit at quieter times of the year. China’s expanding   rail network now covers about 12, 500 miles of track. The railway administration has cracked down on ticket scalpers, and it has become common to order tickets online or from vending machines. So while the holiday migration is still daunting, it’s not as crazy as before. “Before it took a day on a train, but now it takes three and a half hours,” said Zhang Guiping, a    businesswoman waiting for a train to Fuping, a county in Hebei Province. She said she had been in Beijing petitioning the government over a land dispute. Despite her feud with officialdom, she said she was happy with the better trains. “There are more trains, the security checks take less time, and it’s easier to buy tickets,” she said. The Chinese transportation authorities have estimated that people will make close to three billion journeys over this Lunar New Year travel period, including 356 million trips by train. But those numbers can sound misleadingly large. Many people take multiple journeys  —   by train and bus  —   to get home and then return to work, so the actual number of bodies on the move is lower than those numbers may suggest. That does not mean that the holiday rush is a tranquil experience. The Beijing West Railway Station, in particular, is an unsightly monument to poor planning that opened in 1996, and its construction was blighted by corruption. Officials estimated that in the   holiday travel period that began in   the station would send off 11. 8 million passengers, 6 percent more than last year, Chinese state radio reported. People must steel themselves for big crowds, and then they scramble to jump on trains and find space for the gifts and treats that many take home. The official Lunar New Year break lasts a week, but the traditional festival ends after its 15th day. Many migrant workers from the countryside linger at home for precious time with children and parents, whom they rarely or never see the rest of the year. But Wang Tianchang, a    migrant laborer who had been sleeping on a sack of bedding in a train station waiting room, said he was not taking home any gifts for his children. His boss on a building site had not paid him $150 owed in wages. “Things are expensive here. I haven’t bought a thing,” he said. But he said, “It’s really important to go home for the Spring Festival. You can see your wife and kids. ”",0
8436,Republican Legislator John Moore Seeks Re-Election as Libertarian,"John Moore has an interesting political background. Currently, he is serving Assembly District 8 (AD8) as a Republican and has changed parties to seek re-election as a Libertarian for the November 8, 2016, legislative election. Moreover, before he was a right-wing politician, he ran for office as Democrat. One could certainly question where this candidate’s allegiances lie.
John Moore’s Legislative Candidacies This election marks the third time Moore has sought election for Nevada’s Legislative office.
In 2012, Moore ran for office as a Democrat. He competed against the incumbent, Jason Frierson and lost in the primary race to the incumbent. His loss was 32.4 percent of the vote to Frierson’s 67.6. In 2014 Moore sought the office once again, this time, he ran as a Republican. His opponent was incumbent Democrat, Frierson. Moore barely won his bid in the general election. He won with a 40 vote lead; he garnered 50.2 percent versus the incumbent’s 49.8. Interestingly, he never officially changed parties. After winning the election, as a Republican, he was still listed as a Democrat with the Secretary of State. As a Libertarian in the 2016 race, he is the Republican incumbent. AD8 has three men seeking to serve Nevadans in Carson City. The assemblyman’s opponents are Republican Norm Ross and Democrat Jason Frierson. The assemblyman in the only minor-party incumbent on the November ballot. When he changed his party in January 2016, his explanation was that he locked horns with many of his Republican counterparts. He further explained his party affiliation move to Libertarian as his desire to be an in-the-middle candidate and to avoid pandering to any individual party, according to Las Vegas Review-Journal.
John Moore’s History During the 2015 Legislative Session As with any Republican, Moore ran on the promise of no new taxes for Nevada. Unfortunately, for the Republican-held Assembly, the state’s Governor, Brain Sandoval (R) and lobbyists had a different agenda.
Due to his health problems, Moore missed several crucial votes. In fact, the Conservative Scorecard indicates that during the general session in 2015 he cast two votes and missed eight – or 20 percent. However, when he managed to be present and cast his ballot, his choices did not support the GOP party-line. His two votes were on the following pro-conservation bills.
There was a special session in December 2015. Moore voted his consent to give a foreign corporation a tax break. An electric car manufacturer called Faraday Future received $335 million in incentives to bring the Chinese-backed American start-up company specializing in technology to Nevada.
In a special session during October 2016, Moore cast a yes vote on the Stadium bill. While constituents opinions are split about the stadium being built in Las Vegas, Republicans typically do not vote to increase taxes.
Norm Ross, one of his 2016 opponents, states that Moore supports open borders, as evident with his vote to give money to a foreign-owned company. Furthermore, the incumbent assemblyman calls himself a conservative Libertarian, which is essentially an oxymoron.
John L. Smith chastised the assemblyman’s past. He pointed out that the assemblyman-elect appeared to be a sharp dresser who looks as though he could succeed in Carson City. Whereas, he looked less sure of himself in the wanted poster issued by the Las Vegas City Marshal’s Office. Smith pointed out that the fine was $792, and it was almost the same amount he spent on his campaign; $800.
Moore has been called a lawmaker and a lawbreaker. He appears to change parties on a whim, but there may be underlying reasons or deals that encourage his allegiance discrepancies. Perhaps he merely wants to win no matter the consequences. The question remains: Who is John Moore and which ideology does he truly believe?
By Cathy Milne
Sources:
Ballotpedia: John Moore (Nevada)
Las Vegas Sun: New taxes pass Assembly; no-tax Republicans can’t undermine Sandoval
Las Vegas Review-Journal: Nevada’s independent, minor party candidates face long odds
USA Today: Nevada lands $1 billion Faraday electric car plant
Conservation Scorecard: 2014 Assembly Scorecard
Las Vegas Review-Journal: THIS NEW LAWMAKER IS A LAW BREAKER
Image Courtesy of Gage Skidmore’s      moore",0
8437,"Trump Meets with MLB Commissioner, Yankees President at Trump Tower - Breitbart","  Donald Trump has had quite a full schedule in the days and weeks leading up to his inauguration, and has met and broken bread with all the power players in and out of Washington with whom he will work with over the next eight years. [On Tuesday, the   made time to meet with power brokers from the world of sports, and Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred and Yankees President Randy Levine made the trip to Trump Tower. A pic was captured and tweeted by  ’s Howard Mortman:  NY Yankees pres. Randy Levine at Trump Tower,   MLB Commish Rob Manfred   …     seen on #elevatorcam cc: @Ourand_SBJ @dcsportsbog @danielhalper pic. twitter.   —   Howard Mortman (@HowardMortman) January 10, 2017,  Commissioner Manfred described the meeting as simply a chance for all to get to know each other. Manfred told the Daily News, “I had a really nice meeting with the  . He explained to me his history with the game and what a great baseball fan he is, and we are glad that we had an opportunity to get together before his inauguration. ” The Daily News also points out that, “Trump was good friends with the late Yankees owner George Steinbrenner, and Trump and Levine have known each other for over 25 years. ” Trump has had other ties to baseball over the years as well. Trump attempted to purchase the Cleveland Indians at one point. He has also deepened his ties with the baseball world since the election, most notably by selecting Todd Ricketts, part of the Chicago Cubs ownership, as the next deputy commerce secretary. So, this means that Trump once tried to buy last year’s American League champion, and he also hired a piece of last year’s National League and World Series champion. Not too shabby. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
8438,Tancredo: Three Lessons Learned from the Judicial Brawl over Trump’s Immigration Order - Breitbart,"Lesson number one: never take a knife to a gun fight. Lesson number two is that every Trump initiative on immigration will be a gunfight, not a walk in the park. And, unfortunately, lesson number three is that there are a large number of “  judges” who will be strapped and ready to bushwhack the president at every turn. [The federal courts are a battleground, not a playground, and the 9th Circuit is the most   battleground of all. District Court Judge Robart was especially incompetent in his ruling and deserved to be ridiculed for his embarrassing performance, but judicial sabotage of constitutional government is nothing new. Someone at the White House or Homeland Security forgot to factor it into the game plan for the “ . ”  Score round one for the army of activist open borders judges and lawyers Trump will face at every turn. But that 9th Circuit ruling was only round one, and Trump can still score a knockout. As legal critic J. V. DeLong observed in a February 10 commentary in FORBES, “The Ninth Circuit opinion upholding the lower court’s     decision is hard to defend, as a matter of either legal reasoning or common sense. ” So, the good news is, the law is on Trump’s side, and even honest liberals understand that. The bad news is, that’s often not enough. But Trump has a    weapon: the public wants that executive order implemented. Trump may have erred in his choice of words in calling Judge Robart a “  judge. ” Okay, he is a real judge: he was duly appointed and sworn into that district court position. But, hey, let’s be honest here: Trump is not the first president to attack or ridicule a federal judge. We all remember Barack Obama criticizing and insulting Chief Justice John Roberts and the entire US Supreme Court to their face in one of his State of the Union speeches. President Franklin Roosevelt was so angry at a string of Supreme Court decisions that he asked Congress to “pack” the court by adding two new members —   two new members he would appoint. President Trump has not yet suggested anything so blatantly political as packing the court. What he has suggested is viewed as even more radical by our progressive media: that judges interpret and apply the law as it is written, not subvert it with their personal political views. It is abundantly clear that is exactly what the 9th Circuit has done —   or attempted to do. But the White House need not and will not let that unfounded 9th Circuit ruling go unchallenged. President Trump’s January 27 executive order instituting a   freeze on refugee and alien admissions from seven   countries  —   among other needed reforms like returning our refugee admissions ceiling to 50, 000 annually from Obama’s recent doubling of that number —   obviously did not anticipate the virulent, hysterical reaction by opponents and the feeding frenzy by the media. But nonetheless, politics and media hysteria aside, his executive order is rooted in the constitutional powers of the president and existing immigration law. Shame on the critics for their deplorable lies and obfuscations shame on the major media for agitating and abetting the misinformed hysteria and shame on the 9th Circuit for its attempted political subversion of the law. Such is the world we now live in, where a fully lawful order of the president is met with organized and orchestrated chaos. And yet, there is more than a silver lining behind these menacing clouds: Trump has both the law and the American people on his side. Yes, there were snafus and mistakes in the first 48 hours of implementation, and indeed, legal “green card” immigrants who are already   residents of the United States should not have been affected by the travel ban. Those temporary problems were quickly corrected but were magnified all out of proportion by a partisan media anxious and even gleeful in their rush to embarrass the president to the maximum. However, when the dust settles, it remains true that nothing has happened to question the policy or the legality of the executive order. One other regrettable byproduct of the   hysteria over the “travel ban” is that the public spotlight was diverted from the equally important executive order signed by Trump two days earlier on interior immigration enforcement. That executive order aiming to end “sanctuary cities” and other unlawful obstructions to immigration law enforcement has not yet been challenged in federal court, but sooner or later, it will be. Why? Because the left thinks they own the courts —   they can always find an activist district court judge to agree with their noxious views. There are two answers to the rising plague of lawsuits by progressives seeking to use activist judges to rewrite our Constitution. First, Trump will appoint replacement judges who revere the Constitution above leftist ideology. The second answer is to dethrone the courts as the “last word” on the Constitution. The truth is, the Constitution established three   branches of government, not judicial supremacy. Where do you suppose did THAT curious doctrine came from? A court decision, of course.",0
8439,13 Year Old Girl’s Rousing Speech: “If Donald Trump Had A Brick For Every Lie Hillary Has Told He Could Build Two Walls”,"Who can argue with this young lady’s speech?
I bet if Donald Trump had a brick for every lie Hillary has told he could build two walls. 
…
As a thirteen year old even I know Hillary Clinton is working for her own success and ways to control my life, my family’s life and your lives… She wants to make it Hillary’s America… not The Peoples’ America.

Hattip Gateway Pundit 
",0
8440,"Two Helicopters, FBI Bomb Squad Called Out At MILO Event - Breitbart","Two helicopters, an FBI bomb squad and riot police have been deployed at the University of Washington to control violent   protesters before one of MILO’s final talks of the ‘Dangerous Faggot Tour. ’[As has been seen throughout the door, the protests have quickly turned violent, with protesters wielding baseball bats and sharpened sticks in an attempt to intimidate attendee.  Protest underway where Milo Yiannopoulos is at the University of Washington to speak tonight. @GaryKIRO7 is at the scene. pic. twitter.   —   KIRO 7 (@KIRO7Seattle) January 21, 2017,  Police have also been seen wearing riot gear in an attempt to control the protesters, who have formed a human blockade to prevent attendees from entering the venue. Police in riot gear at entrance of Kane Hall #komonews pic. twitter.   —   Suzanne Phan (@SuzannePhan) January 21, 2017,  Helicopters have also been captured circling the venue. It is still unclear whether they have been deployed by local police or the media. Helicopters deployed at MILO event @WUSTL pic. twitter.   —   Ben Kew (@ben_kew) January 21, 2017,  There are also reports of that an FBI Bomb squad is present at the venue. MILO has released a Facebook video declaring this the “face of the new progressive social justice left who are upset about Donald trump. The event is the second example of   violence in a row, after MILO’s event at UC Davis was cancelled after violent protesters, one of whom was arrested, meant the event could not go ahead. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com",0
8441,Super Mitchell Bros is the Mario parody every EastEnders fan must see,"Next Prev Swipe left/right Super Mitchell Bros is the Mario parody every EastEnders fan must see 
Inspired by the success of Super Mario Bros – YouTubers Douggy Pledger and Osysmo have created an EastEnder’s version where you get to play as a drunken crack pipe smoking Phil Mitchell that fights his way through Albert Square. In the film a 16-bit Phil runs through Walford, gathering scotch eggs challenged along the way by adversaries such as Ian Beale, Dot Cotton and Sharon. 
The duo’s previous Mitchell tributes include; 
A Lego Eastenders set; 
a Phil action toy; 
and conceptual art pieces… Speaking exclusively to The Poke Douggy said “I start doing these photoshopped images about 15 years ago, just to stick up in the office as a joke. Over the years I noticed Phil was cropping up on the odd funny picture floating around online so I decided to go do a bunch more of my own. I met Osymyso in 2001 and used to go to all the Bastard nights he DJ’d at, he was famous at the time for his ‘Pat and Peg’ song so we’d both been dabbling in messing around with Eastenders, despite the fact that neither of us watch the show. Nowadays we just skip through the episodes and pick out Phil’s bits. Which in itself is quite weird as we only know Eastenders from Phil’s perspective.” 
for more wonderfully warped Mitchell magic visit Utter Philth",0
8442,Comment on Watch: Aerial Footage Catches Man Stopping at a Drive Thru — While Being Chased By Police by Phil Freeman,"Home / Be The Change / Filming Cops / Watch: Aerial Footage Catches Man Stopping at a Drive Thru — While Being Chased By Police Watch: Aerial Footage Catches Man Stopping at a Drive Thru — While Being Chased By Police Johnny Liberty October 29, 2016 1 Comment 
Chandler, AZ – In a scene that seems straight out of a Hollywood satire film, an Arizona man was caught on video going through an In-N-Out drive thru while he was involved in a “low speed” chase with police. 
According to reports , police attempted to stop the 35-year-old burger-loving suspect just before 10:30 pm. The suspect then fled at low speeds, leading police on a chase through South Phoenix into East Valley. The chase then took a strange turn when the suspect pulled into the In-N-Out Burger location near Chandler Boulevard and Ray Road. 
While sitting in the drive thru, the suspect, identified as 35-year-old Josh Adkins, appears to order food before pulling away several minutes later. 
After leaving the restaurant parking lot, Adkins reportedly exited his vehicle and attempted to flee through backyards, where he was pursued and eventually surrendered to officers. 
According to police, Adkins was arrested and charged with suspicion of unlawful flight from law enforcement, aggravated assault-domestic violence, and unlawful imprisonment. 
While this chase may seem humorous and thankfully ended peacefully, sadly this is more often than not an exception to the rule. As The Free Thought Project previously reported, a shocking study has found that, on average, one person every day is killed or injured during a high-speed chase. 
According to the study, more than 5,000 bystanders and passengers have been killed in police car chases since 1979. Tens of thousands more were injured as officers repeatedly pursued drivers at high speeds and in hazardous conditions. 
Even more shocking, is the fact that, according to the International Association of Chiefs of Police and the National Institute of Justice, a whopping 91 percent of high-speed chases are in response to non-violent crime; most of which involve only minor traffic infractions. 
These statistics are yet further proof that there is no law so trivial that the police will not kill you to enforce it. As America slips further into a dystopian nightmare, it’s time for people to wake up to the reality of what policing has become in 2016. 
Johnny Liberty is a researcher and investigative journalist. You can follow him on twitter @LibertyUnltd Share",0
8443,"Jesus Makes a Confession: "" I messed up…""","Topics: Donald Trump , Jesus , God , Satan , Bible , End Times Wednesday, 26 October 2016 
In a late afternoon press conference, Jesus made a shocking confession: ""I screwed up.""""I don't get to say that very often, but remember that I'm only mostly divine, you know? Nobody's perfect - well, except my dad. The Creator rarely messes up, except for Canada, even he admits that was a mistake."" 
When asked what he had ""screwed up,"" he explained. ""Well, there was all that talk about the world ending in 2012, right before my birthday, December 21st. I was supposed to come down, since I was still was working in the family business, and make sure everything ran smoothly with the End Times. My old man was worried that the Days of Revelation could really go bad and he didn't want another Dark Ages on his hands. He pretty much never recovered from that one in the history books. Anyway, I got off track there. I was supposed to handle the situation, but I looked down and everything seemed fine so I figured I would just take Mary and the kids down to Florida for a few weeks. She had been breaking my balls for centuries to go to Miami and see Peter and Paul, do a little fishing, you know? So, I go away for a few weeks and apparently, well, I dropped the ball.""Jesus further admitted that he thought things ""were just fine"" when he went on vacation in 2012, so he never bothered to check back on the world and what was going on ""down there.""""That's when the whole End-Times thing started, all because I wasn't doing my job.""One reporter pressed Jesus for specifics. The Alpha and the Omega responded by stating what he believed was the obvious: ""This whole Trump thing, of course. Isn't it obvious?"" 
The Blessed One deferred to his old friend, mouthpiece and PR man, John of the New Testament fame: ""It's true. Trump is, as far as we can tell, the Beast of the Book of Revelations. All the signs are there. We've definitely looked into this. Take into account his hair, which is a sin, every time he opens his mouth it's total blasphemy - against everything basically - and, yes, he derives his power directly from the Devil himself."" 
No one in the shocked crowd questioned that Trumps hair was a sin, or the quality of his speech, but several clamored to ask what proof existed that Trump's power was diabolical. Joseph then gave the floor to his long-time adversary and rival, Lucifer. ""We usually don't work together on these big projects, maybe a small economic recession or a collapse of the housing market or an earthquake in Haiti. Usually, Jesus's dad handles the big stuff, but he's tired of the business, so we got together, and, yes, I can tell you that Trump does derive his power directly from me. It was totally a bad call on my part. I mean, hey, he's a salesman. He could sell me a pitchfork if he had to, but he's out of control. Quite frankly, one guy with that much power is bad for business."" 
""We're bringing Jesus out of retirement to handle this one,"" Joseph announced to the buzzing crowd of reporters. It says right there in the Good Book that he's the only one who can handle this kind of thing."" 
Asked if this meant the long-awaited Second Coming, Jesus was supremely cautious. ""Wo, wo, wo, let's slow it down, people. I don't want to start making promises we can't keep here. Let's not start throwing around that kind of weighty language. Besides, you know, retirement's made me kind of soft. I don't know if I'm ready for another forty days in the desert or another crucifixion. I'm no spring chicken. "" 
Joseph closed the press conference by assuring everyone that, although no concrete details had been put in place, the rest of the Apostles would be rounded up, and with the assistance of Lucifer and his dark minions, the forces of both light and dark will combine to battle this Sign of the Times. Make Chris Dahl's  ",0
8444,"Critics Savage Amy Schumer Movie ’Snatched’: ’Lazy, Sloppy,’ and Racist","Amy Schumer is set to return to the big screen this weekend for the first time since 2015’s Trainwreck with the   kidnap caper Snatched, alongside veteran actress Goldie Hawn, but negative early reviews from critics could threaten to spoil crucial    and dampen the film’s Mother’s Day weekend   prospects. [Snatched doesn’t hit theaters until Friday, May 12, but already reviewers from the New York Times, the Hollywood Reporter and IndieWire have derided the film as “lazy,” “uninspired” and “wildly scattershot. ”  The film stars Schumer as Emily Middleton, who is dumped by her boyfriend just before a planned exotic vacation to Ecuador. While Middleton persuades her mother (Goldie Hawn, in her first film appearance in 15 years) to join her on the trip, the two get more than they bargained for as they try to survive after being kidnapped in the jungle. In his review of the film, the New York Times‘ A. O. Scott calls the film “lazy, sloppy and witless,” and says Hawn in particular is “cruelly and inexplicably” denied the ability to be as funny as she can be. “Snatched is one of those movies that subscribes to a dubious homeopathic theory of cultural insensitivity by which the acknowledgment of offensiveness is supposed to prevent anyone from taking offense,” Scott wrote. “The idea is that if you use variations on the phrase ‘That’s racist!’ as a punch line a few times, nothing else you say or do could possibly be racist. Including, say, populating your movie with   thugs with funny accents and killing a few of them for cheap laughs. ” But perhaps the most harsh criticism of the film comes from IndieWire’s Kate Erbland, who calls it “criminally unfunny. ” Like Scott, Erbland says Snatched commits the “unforgivable sin” of not allowing Hawn to “inhabit her stature as a great comedic performer. ” “One character calls [Schumer’s character] ‘garbage’ (and makes her repeat the insult) while another tells her she’ll be safe from sex trafficking because she’s just not pretty enough, but even these attempts to add some meat to the undercooked film fall flat,” Erbland wrote, giving the film a D grade. “Pairing up talented comedians like Hawn and Schumer with a wacky plotline to match should spell comedy gold, but Snatched is about as cheap and disposable as a tourist trap tchotchke. ” The Village Voice‘s Melissa Anderson was similarly down on the film, accusing it of trading in “offhand xenophobia” and “soft racism” for its depiction of two white main characters unable to cope in a foreign country. “[Hawn’s]   performance here, however understandable, suggests she may have regretted the decision to end her ” Anderson wrote. Meanwhile, Variety‘s Owen Glieberman and the Hollywood Reporter‘s Jon Frosch gave the movie slightly better marks, though Glieberman wrote that the film’s “  jokes are like firecrackers with damp fuses. ” “Still, in the apocalyptically bleak landscape of the mainstream studio comedy, the mere sight of Schumer and Hawn just doing their thing is almost pleasing enough to get a pass. Almost,” writes THR‘s Frosch. Snatched   Wanda Sykes, Joan Cusack, Ike Barinholtz, Randall Park, Tom Bateman, and Christopher Meloni. Jonathan Levine (The Wackness) directed off of a script by writer Katie Dippold (The Heat, Ghostbusters). The film hits theaters May 12.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
8445,"Half a Million Children Are Trapped in Syria, United Nations Says - The New York Times","With violence escalating in Aleppo and elsewhere across   Syria, the United Nations said Saturday that the number of children trapped in besieged areas had doubled in less than a year to half a million. A report by Unicef, the United Nations Children’s Fund, said the children were among hundreds of thousands of civilians in 16 areas under siege across the country who had been “almost completely cut off from sustained humanitarian aid and basic services. ” The report said some of these areas had received little or no aid in nearly two years, despite repeated efforts by international relief agencies to provide food and medicine. “This is no way to live,” Unicef’s executive director, Anthony Lake, said in the report. The report estimated that 100, 000 of the trapped children were among the civilians pinned down in eastern Aleppo, the   portion of what had been prewar Syria’s commercial epicenter. Eastern Aleppo is now a focal point of the war, pitting an array of insurgents and militant jihadists against the forces of President Bashar   of Syria and their Russian allies. The top United Nations diplomat seeking a negotiated end to the Syrian conflict, Staffan de Mistura, has repeatedly pleaded for a humanitarian halt to the fighting in Aleppo and has even offered to escort the militants out of the city. But Mr. Assad and his subordinates have said they intend to retake all of Aleppo, apparently regardless of the cost in lives and destruction, as he feels increasingly emboldened that the nearly   war is moving in his favor. The Russian forces who have been assisting Mr. Assad for more than a year have been escalating their bombings against insurgent targets in northern Syria since  . Syrian state news media reported Saturday that government troops had captured the Hanano district of eastern Aleppo, which was among the first to fall to insurgent control when fighting broke out in the city in 2012. In another indication of the deprivations confronting residents of eastern Aleppo, the Middle East coordinator of the World Food Program, the United Nations   agency, said people had been scrounging through garbage for food scraps since the last rations, delivered in July, were distributed a few weeks ago. The coordinator, Muhannad Hadi, said in an interview with The Canadian Press that “people are looking through garbage to find something to eat  —   that’s if they find garbage in Aleppo. ” Mr. Hadi made the remarks during a visit to Ottawa to brief Canadian officials on the Syria crisis.",0
8446,Militia Prepping For Post-Election Civil Unrest: “Last Chance To Save America From Ruin”,"
What will happen on election day? Will there be riots, violence or attacks if the results appear to be dubious, or any number of divisive groups take to the streets? What if the election triggers an economic collapse?
There are any number of scenarios that could come to life, but it seems clear enough that America in 2016 is a nation on edge.
Civil unrest may now be only days away.
And militia groups are getting ready for the worst case scenarios – a fact that the mainstream media is happy to use to fuel the hysteria.
via Reuters :
As the most divisive presidential election in recent memory nears its conclusion, some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton. 
They say they won’t fire the first shot, but they’re not planning to leave their guns at home, either.
[…] Trump has repeatedly warned that the election may be “rigged,” and has said he may not respect the results if he does not win. At least one paramilitary group, the Oath Keepers, has called on members to monitor voting sites for signs of fraud 
“This is the last chance to save America from ruin,” Hill [ of the Three Percent Security Force ] said.
The implication that militia members would incite violence or start a civil war is false and misleading, but the level of tension surrounding this hugely controversial election hold the perfect recipe for chaos. And if there is some event, the causes and provocations won’t be settled until well after the fact.
America is facing its darkest days, and the people are fed up with the criminality and corruption that controls the corporate and political sphere. Now, it appears that the bankers and powers that be are poised to use this divisive atmosphere to fuel a new era of instability. While things come unglued, those in power cross the line and take up even more power.
We are facing a level beyond just martial law, and may live to see the complete takeover of the seats of authority across the country.
The Oath Keepers, as one leading group of militia patriots, have been holding “scenarios and preparation” seminars to prepare the general public and the members of their organization to watch for suspicious election activity – and more importantly – the potential chaos that could result from a disputed election and an angry electorate. Founder Stewart Rhodes wrote :
Lots of talk of unrest on election day, cyber attacks and even possible terror attacks/false flags. In the face of all of this fear porn we here at Oath Keepers thought one of the best things we can do is take a little time, with some of our most experienced and well-trained leadership and talk with fellow Americans about how to prepare if any of these scenarios manifest. One of the motto’s that I try and live by and I hear echoed in the membership ranks of the Oath Keepers is “It is better to have it and not need it, than to need it and not have it” and that goes for skills as well as for gear. Get trained up, fast. Get geared up, fast, and stock up on food, water, fuel, medical, and spare batteries for all your electronics but especially your radios. Get your gear sorted out, organized, and ready to go. And then pray for the best even as you prepare for the worst.
My advice for election day is to vote early (days ahead if you can) and then get home and stay home (if home is safe!). Stay away from big cities and big crowds, and away from public places that may be targeted for terrorism. If you live in a big city that has the potential for civil unrest, violence, looting and arson, get away from it for a few days and don’t be there when it goes bad. As John Karriman put it, he’d rather sleep under a bridge for a week than be stuck in a riot. Go camping! Your stuff is not worth your life, and your stuff will not save your life, if your home is burned to the ground by arsonists. Get out. But if you stay, then prepare to repel boarders. Keep your family and friends close, and get ready. Go meet your neighbors and talk it over with them and prepare your own Neighborhood Protection Plan. Do it now. Got team Who’s on your buddy team? Who’s on your fire-team? Who’s on your squad?
[…]
Below is the video recording of the webinar we held on Thursday night, November 3, 2016 on the urgent topic of potential civil unrest surrounding the election and some critical steps you must take to prepare for it.
Civil Unrest Post Election Scenarios & Preparation

There is good cause to be prepared. The population is about to be tested. The rigging of elections is now out in the open, and for better or worse, Donald Trump has rallied people around that sad fact.
While the mainstream media keeps pretending that the soon-to-be-coronated presumed president-elect is infallible, it is clear to those who understand the deep state government that this has been a coup on the part of the Clinton faction to take over the government and suspend constitutional rights and the rule of law.
Dictators and autocrats are not the American way, after all, and this “election” has been anything but legitimate. The process, which has long been corrupt and broken, is now being completely manipulated by Team Hillary.
Former intelligence operative Steve Pieczenik claims, however, that patriots within the intelligence and military community are attempting to block her path via a counter-coup of some kind, which he claims is entirely non-violent.
According to Pieczenik in a video recording released last week, members within the FBI, NYPD and intelligence agency community are fighting back inside the system. What that really means, and whether or not it will come to fruition remains to be seen:
You are now witnessing a new type of American Revolution. The Clintons and Podesta initiated a silent coup to undermine the USG through corruption and co-optation of the elite political leaders. In turn, they were met by the silent counter-coup of our civilian/military Intelligence community.
As a way of counter-acting the Clinton’s silent coup of corruption, these brave men and women of the [intelligence Community ] have released a series of emails through Julian Assange and Wiki-Leaks which underscore the Clintons’ massive corruption attempts to take over our USG through the rigged electoral system.

However, email exposes and digital evidence of wrongdoing have proven to be insufficient for derailing this campaign.
Perhaps this is all the more reason that some are readying for defensive measure and last ditch efforts to save the country from outright tyranny.
Is this America’s last stand?
Read more: 
Divided America Poised For Riots: “95% Chance of Widespread Post-Election Violence” 
Second Night of Charlotte Police Riots Devolve Into “Chaos, Looting and Violence” 
Homeland Trains Police for Riots, Civil Unrest: “This Training Has Never Been in Texas Before” 
Strapped Americans Headed for “Civil Unrest and Riots,” With Poor Spending 60% on Bare Essentials 
",0
8447,The Anti-Woman Candidate Running for President?—That Would Be the Democrat Hillary Clinton,"FAQ - Germans have rejected the government policy of welcoming hordes of violent Muslims, particularly following the New Years sex attacks in Cologne and elsewhere . < The Anti-Woman Candidate Running for President?—That Would Be the Democrat Hillary Clinton > November 7, 2016, 9:41 am   
Hillary Clinton has always defined herself as fundamentally a feminist who cares about women’s rights and safety. But her behavior has revealed quite the opposite, in particular her pledge to increase immigration of unscreenable Syrians and other Muslims into this country by more than 500 percent . 
Adding to a growing population of culturally misogynous Muslims is dangerous for American women’s safety and well-being. Look at the problems Europe has had with Islamic rapefugees since the borders were opened by Chancellor Angela Merkel. 
What possible reason is there for Muslim immigration at all? As a group, they are remarkably resistant to assimilation. The architect of modern Singapore , the late Lee Kuan Yew, remarked , “I think we were progressing very nicely until the surge of Islam came … I would say today, we can integrate all religions and races except Islam.” 
In another questionable choice, Hillary’s closest aide for 20 years has been Huma Abedin, a daughter of Muslim Brotherhood activists who herself worked at a pro-sharia (aka misogynous) magazine. Huma will likely be a major player in a Clinton2 White House — if she is not in jail . Is she a long-time sleeper agent of sharia , disguised by stylish clothes and a wacky marriage to a pervert congressman ? The mainstream media is strangely uncurious about diverse Democrats. 
More recently we have learned that the Clinton Foundation has sucked up many millions of dollars from the worst sharia holes on earth, where women are treated not like second-class citizens, but like property. 
Author of Clinton Cash Peter Schweizer appeared on Fox News Saturday, and the list above of skanky contributors to the crime family foundation comes from that interview. 
Below is a spare audio file of the interview: 
http://www.limitstogrowth.org/ltg-uploads/2016/11/PETER-SCHWEIZER-FULL-INTERVIEW-ON-FOX-FRIENDS-_-VIDEO-_-FOX-NEWS-11_5_2016-✔.mp3 
TUCKER CARLSON: Peter Schweizer — he’s the author of Clinton Cash and inspired the investigation the FBI is now doing in the first place. He’s been interviewed multiple times by the Bureau. It’s great to see you this morning, so tell us how can she have received a million dollars from a foreign country — it just seems so out of bounds. What are the details? 
PETER SCHWEIZER: Yeah, it’s completely out of bounds. When Hillary Clinton became Secretary of State, as a condition of taking that job, Tucker, they agreed to do a number of things: have complete transparency, disclosing donors, donations from foreign governments had to have pre-approval. In this case that didn’t happen, they didn’t disclose it and now this is multiple violations in this regard. So you have Qatar, at a time when the Arab Spring is taking place, they’re very anxious about what US position is going to be, giving a million dollars to the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Foundation not disclosing that, as they had agreed to do. 
CARLSON: They’re not required or they were not required by law to do that? I mean this was just a sort of gentlemen’s agreement she made? 
SCHWEIZER: Well it was a written agreement with Barack Obama, to his credit, Barack Obama said in order for you to be Secretary of State, you need to do this. Hillary Clinton also said to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee during her confirmation hearings there would be complete transparency, so they failed to live up with it, and the problem is, Tucker, of course they’re making promises now that there’s not going to be any more foreign money, Bill’s not going to give speeches. We got to take that with a grain of salt, or a grain of sand actually, in a way because they have not lived up to their previous commitments, and there’s no expectation that they would now. 
CARLSON: Just to put this in context, I want to put a graphic on the screen of some of the money that the Clinton Foundation has taken from foreign governments, so one to five [million dollars] from Qatar, Saudi 10 to 25 million, Kuwait up to 10, UAE up to five, Brunei up to five, Oman up to five, Algeria up to half a million. I mean, among many other things you notice, these are all countries in which women don’t have a Western understanding of civil rights. If she’s president, how is she going to deal with these countries, knowing that she owes something to them? 
SCHWEIZER: That’s right, Tucker; add on top of that the speaking fees, the millions of dollars and money from these same governments that ended up in the Clintons pockets. Look I mean this is a huge problem and as much as the Clintons want to say that this money was given with no strings attached, I think we all know that governments like Saudi Arabia don’t give money away for nothing; they expect something in return. 
Does anyone think the Clintons won’t even more wealthy if they are allowed to sell the White House and America off for their own profit once again?",0
8448,Illuminati Mind Control documentary 2016,Support Us Illuminati Mind Control documentary 2016,0
8450,Russia To Hit ISIS In Aleppo With Cruise Missiles,"Russia To Hit ISIS In Aleppo With Cruise Missiles 11/09/2016 
DAILY MAIL The Russian navy is planning a massive attack on Aleppo within the next 24 hours, according to a Ministry of Defence source. A group of ships including an aircraft carrier, a nuclear power guided missile cruiser and two destroyers is reportedly ready to strike from the Mediterranean Sea. But the Russian source insisted the missiles will aim for areas surrounding Aleppo to avoid harming the 200,000 civilians still living there. ‘The group’s main goal is to carry out missile strikes on terrorists outside of Aleppo that are attempting to get into the city’, they told Gazeta.ru . ‘The strikes will avoid the city of Aleppo to prevent civilian casualties, because terrorists continue to use city residents as human shields.’ The source added that the details of the strike are still being finalised as they navy zeros in on exact targets around the Syrian city. The strikes could apparently include Kalibr cruise missiles, launched from a submarine. The strikes could apparently include Kalibr cruise missiles, although these would be launched from a submarine Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov is among the group in the Mediterranean Sea It comes on the day of the US election, after American officials have condemned Russia’s bombing campaign in Syria. Secretary of state John Kerry has called on Russia, which supports dictator Bashar-al-Assad against rebel groups, to stop bombing civilians in what he described as the ‘largest of humanitarian disasters’. But President Putin has denied any ‘war crimes’ and asked for evidence that his forces are bombing innocents. Russian planes were allegedly responsible for a strike killing at least seven children and two pregnant women in Syria’s rebel stronghold province of Idlib on Tuesday. 
+6 Russian planes were allegedly responsible for strikes killing at least seven children and two pregnant women in Syria’s rebel stronghold province of Idlib on Tuesday The strike hit the town of Khan Sheikun in the south of the province, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitor said. The Britain-based group, which relies on a network of sources inside Syria for its information, says it determines what planes carried out raids according to their type, location, flight patterns and the munitions involved. In Moscow, the defence ministry denied that Russian aircraft had been in the area on Tuesday, and accused the Observatory of ‘information provocations’. Russia began its air campaign in support of the government in September 2015, saying it was targeting ‘terrorists.’ ‘The strike hit a street where children were playing. Three of the dead children were from one family and were visiting their grandfather,’ Observatory director Rami Abdel Rahman said.",0
8451,DEBUNKED : ABC Poll Showing Clinton with a 12 Point Lead is FAKE,"DEBUNKED : ABC Poll Showing Clinton with a 12 Point Lead is FAKE Oct 28, 2016 Previous post 
The new ABC poll showing Clinton with a 12 point lead is a fake. 
We’ve discovered via Hillary campaign emails released by Wikileaks that they would send out phony oversampled polls, and that’s exactly what they’re doing. 
This one, however, is a",0
8452,"No Data Manipulation in 2015 Climate Study, Researchers Say - The New York Times","In an article that appeared online in The Mail on Sunday, a British tabloid, the journalist David Rose described “astonishing evidence” that the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in the United States had “rushed to publish a landmark paper that exaggerated global warming and was timed to influence the historic Paris agreement on climate change. ” “Exposed: How world leaders were duped into investing billions over manipulated global warming data,” the article’s headline read. Mr. Rose, who has made   claims in the past that did not hold up to scrutiny, said a “  ” John J. Bates, a recently retired scientist at NOAA’s National Centers for Environmental Information, had told him that the agency “breached its own rules on scientific integrity” in publishing the study in June 2015. According to Mr. Rose, the study, which refuted earlier work that suggested global warming had slowed in the first decade of this century, “was aimed at making the maximum possible impact on world leaders” at the talks in Paris in December 2015 that led to the agreement by more than 190 nations to set limits on carbon emissions. After Mr. Rose’s article was published, the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology and its chairman, Representative Lamar Smith, Republican of Texas, wrote about it on Twitter. Beginning in 2013, scientists published papers showing that, according to land and sea surface temperature data, the rate of global warming had slowed since the late 1990s. This pause or hiatus, as it was often called, puzzled scientists because it came despite a continuing increase in emissions of carbon dioxide and other   gases. The findings also became a cause célèbre among climate change denialists, who cited the papers as evidence that concerns about global warming were at the least overblown. The 2015 paper, by Thomas R. Karl, who was then director of the National Centers for Environmental Information, and others, used improved data sets to show that the slowdown probably did not occur at all. Because temperature data was collected in different ways over the years  —   and some methods were more reliable than others  —   it is normal for the data to be refined and adjusted. Mr. Karl’s paper reflected the latest refinements, especially for ocean data. In the Mail on Sunday article, Dr. Bates, who at one point was in charge of archiving climate data at the centers, accused Mr. Karl of having used “unverified” data. In a long blog post published Saturday, Dr. Bates went into extensive detail  —   the kind that only true data geeks could love  —   about how data sets are or are not archived and verified at NOAA. But Dr. Bates also accused Mr. Karl of misusing the process. “We find Tom Karl’s thumb on the scale pushing for, and often insisting on, decisions that maximize warming and minimize documentation,” he wrote. Republicans on the House committee and Mr. Smith, in particular, have long attacked Mr. Karl’s paper and have focused on it as part of a lingering investigation of what Mr. Smith has described as the Obama administration’s “suspect climate agenda. ” The committee has demanded that NOAA researchers turn over emails related to the work the scientists have refused to do so. Climate scientists, some of whom had worked on the data sets, voiced support for the work of Mr. Karl and the other researchers. In a post on the blog of the Irish Climate Analysis and Research Units at Maynooth University, Peter Thorne, who worked on the data but left NOAA before work began on the paper itself, disputed much of what Dr. Bates said. Dr. Bates, Dr. Thorne wrote, was not involved in the data work and had misrepresented “the processes that actually occurred. ” Dr. Thorne also disputed the idea that Mr. Karl had his “thumb on the scale. ” Mr. Karl only used the data  —   he was not personally involved in the refinements, Dr. Thorne wrote. “At no point was any pressure brought to bear to make any scientific or technical choices. ” In a post at Carbon Brief, a British website that covers climate science and policy, Zeke Hausfather, a climate scientist at the University of California, Berkeley, disputed the contention that the data sets used in Mr. Karl’s paper were unverified or that the data had been manipulated. Dr. Hausfather was one of the authors of a review of the NOAA ocean data, which showed the most change. The paper, published in January, compared the old and new NOAA data with independent data from satellites, buoys and other sources and found that the new data matched the independent data more closely. The result, he wrote, “strongly suggests that NOAA got it right and that we have been underestimating ocean warming in recent years. ” In an interview on Monday with EE News, Dr. Bates appeared to distance himself from some of what he wrote in the blog post, and from the way his criticisms were portrayed in the Mail on Sunday article. “The issue here is not an issue of tampering with data,” he said, “but rather really of timing of a release of a paper that had not properly disclosed everything it was. ” Climate Home, a nonprofit site based in London that offers news and analysis, also weighed in on one of the central contentions of Mr. Rose’s article, that the publication of the NOAA paper had ”duped” policy makers into adopting the Paris accord. The site contacted representatives to the talks from 10 countries none said that the paper had any influence.",0
8453,"Alan Thicke, Reassuring Father on ‘Growing Pains,’ Dies at 69 - The New York Times","Alan Thicke, the Canadian actor, singer and songwriter best remembered for his portrayal of the ultimate suburban middlebrow dispenser of parental advice on the sitcom “Growing Pains,” died on Tuesday in Burbank, Calif. He was 69. Mr. Thicke was playing hockey with his    son, Carter, when he had a heart attack, his   Gloria Loring said. She added, “He died the way any good Canadian should  —   playing hockey with his son. ” Mr. Thicke projected a genial warmth across all his television work, most memorably on “Growing Pains,” which ran from 1985 to 1992 on ABC. His character, Dr. Jason Seaver, a psychiatrist, was a classic 1980s formulation of the reassuring father who solved everyone’s problems with a warm homily by the end of each   episode. The cast also included Joanna Kerns as his wife and Kirk Cameron as his oldest child. The role earned Mr. Thicke the nickname America’s Dad. His character was ranked No. 37 on TV Guide’s list of the “50 Greatest TV Dads of All Time. ” Mr. Thicke’s talents also included songwriting. He wrote the theme songs for numerous game shows, including “The Joker’s Wild,” “Celebrity Sweepstakes” and the original “Wheel of Fortune,” and he wrote the themes for the sitcoms “Diff’rent Strokes” and “The Facts of Life” with Al Burton and Ms. Loring. The “Diff’rent Strokes” theme is a masterpiece of the genre, setting up in less than a minute the story of a white multimillionaire who took in (and later adopted) two black children. It begins: His career also included stints as a   host, both real and fictional. His syndicated   show “Thicke of the Night” was seen in the   season, and he played the   host Rich Ginger on the soap opera “The Bold and the Beautiful. ” He also played himself on several episodes of the sitcom “How I Met Your Mother. ” He was a writer on the satirical talk show “Fernwood  ” (1977) a spinoff of “Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman” that starred Martin Mull and Fred Willard, and was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for his writing on a later version of the show, “America  . ” He was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award in 1988 for best performance by an actor in a comedy or musical series for “Growing Pains,” and for a Daytime Emmy in 1998 for his work as host of the game show “Pictionary. ” Mr. Thicke   called himself “the affordable Shatner,” a reference to his appearances at public events that were said to have been turned down by his fellow Canadian actor William Shatner, of “Star Trek” fame. He was a host of the annual Disney Christmas Parade with Joan Lunden in the 1980s, and of the Miss Universe pageant and the Canadian Comedy Awards. Mr. Thicke was born Alan Willis Jeffrey on March 1, 1947, in Kirkland Lake, Ontario. “We started in northern Ontario in a small town where I didn’t even see a television set until I was 7 years old,” Mr. Thicke said at the unveiling of his star on Canada’s Walk of Fame in 2013, the website ET Canada reported. “So when you take that moment and   to what I’m experiencing today with my family here and feeling embraced by my country  —   that’s unique. ” Mr. Thicke was the author of two books, “How to Raise Kids Who Won’t Hate You” and “How Men Have Babies: The Pregnant Father’s Survival Guide. ” In addition to his son Carter, Mr. Thicke is survived by two other sons, Robin, the singer and songwriter, and Brennan and his wife, Tanya Callau. Two previous marriages ended in divorce. Hours before his death, Mr. Thicke commented on Twitter about “Fuller House,” the Netflix   to the television series “Full House,” on which he had recently appeared as a guest star. “Season 2 Fuller House looking good,” he wrote. “I even like the ones I’m not in!”",0
8454,"Sorry, Piers, but Joe Walsh just laid claim to the ‘Musket’ nickname with his post-election call to arms","Sorry, Piers, but Joe Walsh just laid claim to the ‘Musket’ nickname with his post-election call to arms Posted at 5:26 pm on October 26, 2016 by Brett T. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 
Some are interpreting radio host Joe Walsh’s Wednesday afternoon tweet as a literal call to violence following the election, while it seems the majority are electing to point and laugh instead. At least gun control crusader Piers Morgan should be OK with it, seeing as Walsh’s weapon of choice is a musket, just as the founders envisioned when they drew up the Bill of Rights. On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. 
On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. 
You in? 
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 @WalshFreedom what exactly does that mean? 
— Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) October 26, 2016 
Good question. There’s no need to alert the authorities, as plenty of people have already; it’ll be up to the powers that be to determine if “grabbing my musket” constitutes a threat, or if it’s meant symbolically. (The odds that Twitter will suspend Walsh’s account look pretty good.) @WalshFreedom Didn't you get in trouble for this once before? 
— Meredith D. (@YankeeBeatCheck) October 26, 2016 
At least once before. Grab your musket and meet me in North Carolina. 
Time to fight the Feds. 
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) May 9, 2016 I'M GRABBING MY MUSKET is the perfect thing to scream into an old fashioned phone that isn't plugged in It's not a great thing to tweet 
— Erin Gloria Ryan (@morninggloria) October 26, 2016 
In the meantime, plenty of people aren’t exactly quivering at the image of Walsh wielding a musket — or, as the cable networks would likely call it, an assault musket. @WalshFreedom Bless your heart. 
— Swami Buttload (@MetricButtload) October 26, 2016 ""When you're an ex-congressman, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the musket. You can do anything."" https://t.co/qlNApg4Ypi 
— Alec MacGillis (@AlecMacGillis) October 26, 2016 @WalshFreedom Looks like .0002% of your followers are ""in"". Awkward. 
— Robert Bingaman (@robertjosiah) October 26, 2016 @WalshFreedom girl, you don't have a musket. 
— Christoph Fitzgerald (@kifferfitz) October 26, 2016 . @WalshFreedom Good thinking, you'll go far with a smoothbore black-powder muzzleloader 
— Adam Weinstein (@AdamWeinstein) October 26, 2016 @WalshFreedom and what are you going to do with said musket? Really? A musket? Not a carbine? You really are out of touch 🙂 
— Dan Braxton (@BraxtonMedia) October 26, 2016 Actually, a musket would be an outdated and ineffective weapon for armed insurrection against a modern—*falls into manhole* 
— Alex Brown (@AlexBrownNJ) October 26, 2016 . @WalshFreedom you'd get droned before you could even load it 
— Matt Provenzano (@mattprov94) October 26, 2016 @WalshFreedom You gonna old yeller your candidate? seems a bit harsh.",0
8455,"Oregon standoff defendants found not guilty in ‘unbelievable, truly astonishing’ verdict","By Maxine Bernstein | The Oregonian/OregonLive on October 27, 2016
A jury Thursday delivered a stunning across-the-board acquittal to the leaders and participants in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge occupation and a remarkable blow to the federal government as it tries to tamp down a national movement led by a Nevada family to open public lands to ranchers, miners and loggers. 
The verdicts finding Ammon Bundy, older brother Ryan Bundy and five others not guilty of a federal conspiracy drew elation from defense attorneys who spent five weeks arguing that the armed takeover amounted to a time-honored tradition of First Amendment protest and civil disobedience. 
“Maybe this is a lesson that that’s not the way to engage with these people, who want nothing more than just to be heard, just to have a forum to talk about the injustices like the case of the Hammonds and the treatment of ranchers,” said Lisa Ludwig, standby counsel for Ryan Bundy. 
The high-profile case riveted the state and drew national and international attention to the isolated bird sanctuary in rural eastern Oregon. The jury’s decision proved no less dramatic and sets up a showdown in the next stage of the land-rights movement. 
The Bundy brothers still face prosecution in Nevada with their father, Cliven Bundy, all accused in the 2014 standoff at the patriarch’s ranch over unpaid grazing fees that pitted the family and their supporters against federal Bureau of Land Management agents. 
The Oregon prosecutors sat silently in front of their boss, U.S Attorney Billy Williams, and the head of the FBI in Oregon, Greg Bretzing, as the judge announced the “not guilty” pleas one by one. 
Williams later thanked the jury in a written statement. “While we had hoped for a different outcome, we respect the verdict of the jury and thank them for their dedicated service during this long and difficult trial,” Williams said. “We strongly believed that this case needed to be brought before a Court, publicly tried and decided by a jury.” 
Bretzing, whose agents led the response to the Jan. 2 refuge seizure, offered a slightly different take. “We believe now — as we did then – that protecting and defending this nation through rigorous obedience to the U.S. Constitution is our most important responsibility.” 
Each defendant stood separately, facing the jury, as the judge read the verdicts. Ammon Bundy, his hands clasped behind his back, nodded as the “not guilty” came for him first. As he sat, he smiled and rubbed the shoulder of his lawyer, Marcus Mumford. 
Ryan Bundy nodded his head and mouthed to jurors, “Thank you.” 
“I had a very peaceful feeling but I didn’t know we’d all be found not guilty,” said defendant Shawna Cox. “… I’m so grateful to the jury.” 
Defendant Neil Wampler hugged his defense lawyer and gave her a kiss. 
But the trial fireworks weren’t quite over. A brawl broke out at the very end, when six to seven U.S. marshals surrounded Ammon Bundy’s lawyer as he stood before the judge, arguing and shouting for his client to walk out the door a free man. They tackled him and stunned him with a Taser gun. As Mumford yelled, “What are you doing?,” U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown ordered, “Everybody out of the courtroom!” 
“All I was asking for was papers,” Mumford said after emerging from federal custody nearly two hours later. “Just show me you have the authority to take Mr. Bundy into custody.” 
Mumford was cited by Federal Protective Services for failure to follow a lawful order and creating a disturbance. He said the marshals overreacted. Several fellow defense lawyers echoed his sentiments, though one questioned Mumford’s judgment. 
As for the verdict, Mumford said, “Very pleased, very gratified. This jury was dedicated. They listened to our case.” 
Prosecutors had argued the case was simple: The refuge occupiers took control of a wildlife refuge that wasn’t theirs. The heavily armed guards that manned the front gate and watchtower during the 41-day takeover, in an of itself, was “intimidating,” and prevented officers from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and U.S. Bureau of Land Management from carrying out their work. 
But defense lawyers said they believe the jury held true to the judge’s instructions, and couldn’t find beyond a reasonable doubt that their “intent” was to prevent the federal employees from going to work. 
Five of the seven defendants took the stand and said they were protesting the return to prison of Harney County ranchers Dwight Hammond Jr. and Steven Hammond, who faced a minimum mandatory five-year sentence for arson to federal land. Steven Hammond was convicted partially of setting fire to refuge property. They also said they were protesting federal government overreach, and didn’t give much thought at all to the federal employees whose desks and offices they used throughout the refuge takeover. 
While it may be easier to show that defendants charged in a drug trafficking conspiracy shared a common goal, in this case there was “no obvious underlying self-interest,” said Matthew Schindler, who represented Kenneth Medenbach. 
Schindler also said he believed the judge’s decision to allow defendants to explain their “state of mind,” at the time of the occupation boosted the defense case. The pull of jurors from across the state, not just Portland, also helped defendants, particularly regarding the weapons charges, Schindler said. 
The jury saw that the occupiers cared about the Hammonds and didn’t like how the federal government was treating them, said David Fry’s lawyer Per C. Olson. 
“I think the jury saw through this that they were well-meaning, well-intentioned individuals,” Olson said. “It was the right verdict.” 
Lisa Maxfield, who represented Wampler, came out of the courthouse, holding up her fists. She said she has never seen “anything like this happen,” where multiple defendants in a federal trial were all acquitted. It was one of the most significant cases in her career, she said. 
“It’s a tremendous victory for rural America,” Wampler said outside the courthouse as supporter and fellow refuge occupier Brand Nu Thornton blew his shofar and another man rode his horse back and forth, hoisting an American flag. 
But others, like Jennifer Rokala, executive director of the Center for Western Priorities, worried the verdicts would spur other similar armed standoffs against the government’s control of public lands that involve the militia. 
“We are deeply disappointed in today’s verdict, which puts our park rangers and scientists at further risk just for doing their jobs. The outcome of today’s trial will undoubtedly embolden extremist groups,” Rokala said. ” It’s imperative that local, state, and federal law enforcement ensure the safety of our land managers.” 
Oregonian Staff Writers Aimee Green and Jim Ryan contributed to this story. 
— Maxine Bernstein",0
8456,Celebrating a Rugged Vision of Landscape Architecture - The New York Times,"A waterfall flows in downtown Portland, Ore. ribbons and rivulets of water cascading over slabs of rough, reddish concrete into pools filled with wading children in the summer. Down a   path, great planted hills pop from the sidewalk. A stepped basin opens up between buildings, looking like a natural spring bursting through the pavement. These bold environments, strung across an   section in the city center, were designed by the modernist landscape architect Lawrence Halprin and his firm between 1965 and 1970, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013. They are celebrated, along with more than two dozen other parks, pools and gardens, in “The Landscape Architecture of Lawrence Halprin,” an exhibition in Washington commemorating Mr. Halprin’s centennial that runs through April 16. The visual language that Mr. Halprin, who died in 2009, chose to create experiences changed over the decades of his long career. His   designs, created in the 1960s and ’70s in Denver, Rochester and San Francisco, used concrete to create rugged, climbable topography that echoed canyons, waterfalls and riverbeds, and were intended to bring nature back into cities riven by urban renewal. He drew watercolors of the rocks and trees of the Pacific Coast, then translated those shapes into geometric compositions. When the Ira Keller Fountain in Portland opened in 1970, the architecture critic Ada Louise Huxtable of The New York Times wrote, “Mr. Halprin is onto something that makes the conventional piece of modern sculpture plonked onto the conventional corporate or public plaza look obsolete. ” Despite the difference in style, the urban parks of Frederick Law Olmsted, which imitated nature by creating rambles and meadows in what would come to be city centers, inspired him. “Halprin is abstracting nature,” said Charles Birnbaum, president of the Cultural Landscape Foundation, which organized the exhibition with the National Building Museum. “Halprin had a   of Olmsted in his office he was a big fan. Halprin was creating passages of scenery in the same way, creating narrative in his own language. ” Mr. Halprin had a longtime collaborator in his wife, the choreographer Anna Halprin, and movement was never far from his thinking. The exhibition includes a 1949 essay he wrote for Impulse Dance magazine on the “Choreography of Gardens,” as well as photographs of their house in Marin County, Calif. where in the early 1950s Mr. Halprin built his wife a “dance deck” between and around the existing trees. “The dance deck was an   to taking theater to where people are, rather than expecting people to come to you,” Ms. Halprin told The Times in 2014. “He wanted to make something people could experience, not just use as a place to go through. ” Mr. Halprin also worked closely with architects, as on the organization of the modernist planned community Sea Ranch in Sonoma County, where he made sure that houses by Joseph Esherick and Charles W. Moore, among others, were built in clusters to shelter each other from wind and make minimal disruptions to the environment. Freeway Park in Seattle, designed with his associate Angela Danadjieva and completed in 1976, was America’s first highway “cap” park, built specifically to knit part of that city back together after the construction of Interstate 5. The   park acts as a lid, covering the roadways and gorge with a network of boxy concrete planters, some overflowing with greenery. The planters are striated, which gives them the look of ancient Mayan ruins. In one section, the Canyon Fountain was designed to send a torrent of water downhill beside a path with a window onto the freeway. “When you went down into that space, all you hear is the sound of rushing water, but you are seeing the cars,” Mr. Birnbaum said. “It was a wonderful device for lifting the veil” on the park’s structural acrobatics. Today, that fountain has been turned off, a common fate for Mr. Halprin’s works, which may be rugged but aren’t necessarily  . On the website created by the Cultural Landscape Foundation to accompany the exhibition, Freeway Park is given a grade of C, for “beginning to falter,” though the Canyon Fountain is scheduled to be rehabilitated in 2017. The role of this exhibition is not only to celebrate Mr. Halprin’s legacy, but also to aid in its recognition and protection. A sculpture garden in Richmond, Va. and urban malls in Minneapolis and Skokie, Ill. have been bulldozed his landscape for Capitol Towers in Sacramento is set for demolition. The “rustic” fountain in the center of his Bunker Hill Steps in Los Angeles was smoothed out without warning. Mr. Halprin’s Heritage Park Plaza in Fort Worth has been fenced off since 2007.   is underway to restore and reopen this sequence of outdoor rooms, designed to commemorate the fort that gave the city its name. Even if many city residents don’t know Mr. Halprin’s name, preservation efforts for these parks and fountains often tap a broad wellspring of memories. “Because these landscapes are not that old, people remember them during their heyday,” Mr. Birnbaum said. “In our video oral history, Halprin remembers the mayor of Portland pulling him aside and saying, ‘We have to make sure people don’t go in the fountains.’ It was a period of great racial strife. What does Halprin do at the opening? He jumps in, and invites people to join him. ”",0
8457,Why 'Never Trumpers' must reconsider,"While Democrats perpetually circle the wagons, Republicans engage a perpetual circular firing squad. The same holds true for many evangelicals. Democrats and secularists count on it. 
And we never disappoint. 
Full disclosure: I went from a dogged “Never Trumper” to a “Maybe Trumper” and, finally, settled as a “Reluctant Trumper.” I, like any God-fearing father of daughters was, and remain, appalled by Donald Trump’s sordid past, and his 11-year-old vulgar video in which he objectified women. His words are indefensible, and I fully expect the Clinton camp to strategically release additional revolting and embarrassing opposition research about the Republican nominee before Election Day. 
Still, I will be voting against Hillary Clinton on Nov. 8 in what is objectively and irrefutably the most effective way possible: by casting a vote, for better or worse, for the policies and promises of Donald Trump – and for the vice presidency of Gov. Mike Pence. 
Regrettably, with many of my Never Trump friends I’m reminded of the fanatic who refuses his daughter chemotherapy and watches her die in an effort to convince himself (and others) of the strength of his own faith. Pride is an awful thing. We are to be “wise as serpents and innocent as doves” (Matthew 10:16). Foolishness called “faith” is just foolishness. 
Even so, there are Christian Pharisees on both extremes of this Trump fiasco: first, those Trumpian cultists who buy the “Make America great again!” pablum and deride any person who, while not casting judgment upon others, makes, with all sincerity, what they view as the principled decision. The latter say they’ll sit this one out (or go through the motions by voting third party – a wasted vote by any objective standard). While I appreciate this milder strain of Never Trumper’s sincerity, I nonetheless believe it is sincerely wrong. 
And then there are the self-righteous, plank-in-the-eye Never Trump prigs who slander as having “lost their saltiness,”“sinned against God” and “compromised their principles,” brothers and sisters who recognize the empirical reality that a vote for a horribly flawed (Lord knows I’m the worst sinner of all) baby Christian as president is a vote against Hillary Clinton’s tyranny in perpetuity. 
The Media Research Center has done America a tremendous service. In 2014 the watchdog organization released a video of an actual partial birth abortion – something Hillary Clinton stood on stage during the final presidential debate, stared into the camera with cold, callous eyes, and then both lied about and defended unequivocally. I plead with Never Trumpers to watch the video and then prayerfully reassess their plans for Nov. 8. 
Mrs. Clinton’s beloved late-term abortion practice is one so brutal and needless that even the left-leaning American Medical Association has admitted that it is dangerous to the mother and never necessary under any circumstances, not the least of which is for “the life or health of the mother.” 
During a partial-birth abortion, the abortionist pulls a fully “viable” child – often kicking and thrashing – feet first from her mother’s womb, leaving only the top of her head in the birth canal. This is so the abortionist can technically claim to be performing an abortion, rather than committing murder. 
He then stabs the child through the base of her skull with scissors, piercing her brain until her kicking and moving about suddenly and violently jerks to a halt. Next, he opens the scissors to enlarge the wound as blood and brainstem fluid gush down his hands, inserts a vacuum tube and sucks out her brains, thereby collapsing her skull. 
Her now limp and lifeless body is then cast away like so much garbage. 
This is homicide, plain and simple. Hillary Clinton supports it. Donald Trump opposes it. 
We deserve God’s wrath and judgment as a nation for allowing this abortion holocaust to occur on our watch. In my estimation, Mrs. Clinton is a bloodthirsty monster who enthusiastically supports this barbarity. Her Supreme Court appointees will ensure that tens of millions of precious babies like the one in the video are murdered in the same brutal manner. 
My conscience tells me that I must vote in such a way that exercising my civic duty will have the strongest net effect against Mrs. Clinton and ensure that she is stopped. She must not be elected president. To not vote – or to vote for a non-starter third party candidate, which is effectively the same thing – while not an actual vote for Mrs. Clinton, still puts this Mengele in a pantsuit one step closer to the White House and the Supreme Court. 
It’s simple math, and it’s undeniable. The most effective thing you can personally do as a citizen is to vote against Mrs. Clinton by voting for Mr. Trump. This does the most electoral damage possible to candidate Clinton and offers the best chance for life that you can provide future generations. 
With its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision, the U.S. Supreme Court put the government’s official stamp of approval on mass murder. Since then, the battle lines have been drawn. This is war. “Pro-choicers” are the bad guys and pro-lifers, the good guys. It really is that simple – that black and white. It’s good versus evil. 
History will reflect as much. 
Under a President Hillary Clinton, millions more babies will be tortured and dismembered alive. Under a President Donald Trump, these millions might live. And yet, even as Hillary sharpens her knives, we quibble like fools over Donald’s potty mouth. 
The devil and Democrats: Oh, how they love derision and division within the body of Christ.",0
8458,Obama’s Team List: Muslims Named for Top Jobs – Christians Purposely Removed,"Obama’s Team List: Muslims Named for Top Jobs – Christians Purposely Removed   
The latest from top Clinton family friend and political aide John Podesta, courtesy of hacked emails released by WikiLeaks, is that President Obama’s transition team – the officials tasked with helping the then-senator move into the White House and set up executive shop, in the 2008-09 time period – made and maintained lists of Muslims who would be great for top jobs in the administration. 
But what’s more worrisome than this special interest revelation was that the emails seem to show the transition team members went out of their way to also keep off Christians. 
Talk about preferential treatment. 
The Daily Caller reports: 
“According to an email chain from 2008, John Podesta received lists of exclusively Muslims and Asians to be considered for jobs in the Obama administration. The email chain revealed that in this process, Middle Eastern Christians were purposefully excluded, or set aside in a separate list, with an aide writing, 
“‘In the candidates for top jobs, I excluded those with some Arab American background but who are not Muslim (e.g., George Mitchell). Many Lebanese Americans, for example, are Christian. In the last list (of outside boards/commissions), most who are listed appear to be Muslim American, except that a handful (where noted) may be Arab American but of uncertain religion (esp. Christian).’ 
“Also notable, there was concern that some of the Muslims suggested would not survive media scrutiny, with one aide writing, ‘High-profile Muslim Americans tend to be the subject of a fair amount of blogger criticism, and so the individuals on this list would need to be ESPECIALLY carefully vetted.’ 
“She continues, ‘I suspect some of the people I list would not survive such a vet — but I do personally know, at least in part, virtually all of the candidates in the 1st two categories (but I know very few of those listed for outside boards/commissions).’ 
“Within the lists themselves, candidates were further broken down 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
8459,TREY GOWDY: “WHAT IN THE WORD IS LORETTA LYNCH DOING TALKING TO COMEY”,Home › VIDEO › TREY GOWDY: “WHAT IN THE WORD IS LORETTA LYNCH DOING TALKING TO COMEY” TREY GOWDY: “WHAT IN THE WORD IS LORETTA LYNCH DOING TALKING TO COMEY” 4 SHARES Post navigation,0
8460,We May Be Leaving the Ken Bone Zone - The New York Times,"This is an obituary for a fictional persona: Ken Bone, America’s   Hero. This Ken Bone of our imaginations was born on Sunday, during a presidential debate, when the American public saw him and decided that he was more important than whatever those two nameless individuals running for president had to say. The real Ken Bone is still alive and well, of course. To prove it, he has tried, like any enterprising American, to capitalize on the country’s feverish, bewildering affection by accepting some sort of sponsorship deal from Uber, creating his own “Bone Zone”   line, and conducting an interview with the people of Reddit on Thursday. Judging from his active account history and the breadth of Mr. Bone’s discussions, they are his sort of people. The media coverage has been so intense that it inspired one journalist to write existential poetry. In just a few short days, Mr. Bone broke Chewbacca Mom’s   record for permeating our consciousness. But the pendulum of adoration must always swing back, it seems. Chewbacca Mom, whose real name is a lot less fun to say than “Ken Bone” or “Bone Zone,” made the transformation in the eyes of some to a symbol of racial privilege, or maybe an avatar of our modern tendency to award provocative people with gross amounts of money for doing very little. It all depended on who was watching, who was writing, and what they felt. Now the bell tolls for Mr. Bone. It is Mr. Bone’s turn to show the world that he is a flawed person  —   a human, even  —   who decided to take the ride when   was given to him. He might also now be forced to acknowledge that he has said and done things that are bad, unpopular or even illegal. And the rest of us, in our indignant perfection, will shake our heads and tweet about it. As Mr. Bone conducted his Ask Me Anything session on Reddit, reporters at Gizmodo  —   a site literally hours ahead of anyone else in revealing the supposed badness of Mr. Bone   —   and their counterparts at The Daily Dot and The Daily Beast soon ferreted out Mr. Bone’s past Reddit history, finding tidbits that were sure to provoke somebody. It seems Mr. Bone had engaged in a discussion of his sex life after having undergone a vasectomy. Using the pseudonym StanGibson18, he had revealed that he enjoyed viewing the nude photos of the actress Jennifer Lawrence (that were, for the record, posted online without her consent). He also commented on pictures of scantily clad women on the Bodyperfection and RealGirls subreddits. “Beautiful human submarines,” he wrote on a post about pregnant women in an    subreddit called PreggoPorn. Before anyone knew his real name, he had decided to tell Reddit about the most illegal thing he said he’s ever done, by claiming that he had once forged car insurance documents to keep his job as a pizza delivery driver. And four months ago, Mr. Bone summed up the 2012 shooting of Trayvon Martin by George Zimmerman as a “justified” episode: “Bad guy legally kills kid in self defense. Sucks for everybody,” he wrote, before blaming the news media. Under this Reddit account, Mr. Bone was a semiregular commenter, with about 150 comments made over the course of the year, not including the flurry of posts he made during his A. M. A. He posted about gun control and his job as an operator at a coal plant in Illinois. He voiced support for President Obama but said that he himself was “a pretty conservative guy. ” What else? He enjoys video games, is O. K. with calling himself “fat and bald,” and once offered words of comfort to a survivor of rape. “Your value has not changed due his words,” he wrote to that person, “or any assault you have endured. You are still valuable. ” Quite a mixed bag. But in this world of online   only extremes break through. The echo chamber doesn’t do nuance. On Friday, Mr. Bone’s voice mail box was full. He did not reply to a text message, but he did eventually answer email questions about the criticism of his old anonymous comments on Trayvon Martin and Jennifer Lawrence. “If you read the whole post on the Trayvon Martin tragedy you’ll see that I said based on what I read, which was the release from the D. O. J. the shooting was ruled as legally justified,” he wrote. “It was also an awful thing to happen. Just because it was legal does not mean it was right. I wish Trayvon were still alive. ” (The Department of Justice said that the evidence surrounding the case did not meet the law’s high standard for prosecuting   crimes.) On his posts about Ms. Lawrence, he had this to say: “It was a joke in poor taste made from my former anonymity. I take full responsibility for saying it. I wholeheartedly apologize and wish I could do so to her directly. ” Now that he is the opposite of anonymous, Mr. Bone would like everyone to know something: “My message has been one about elevating the level of conversation, and if I want to hold our leaders accountable for their words then I must be accountable for mine. ” In a later email, Mr. Bone ended this long and strange week by saying that his insurance fraud comments had been a fabrication: “That was a made up story, and even in the story no documents were passed to law enforcement. They were used for employment. ”",0
8461,"At Site of Deaths, Our Reporters Find Cost of U.S.-ISIS Battle - The New York Times","MOSUL, Iraq  —   Dozens of Iraqi civilians, some of them still alive and calling out for help, were buried for days under the rubble of their homes in western Mosul after   airstrikes flattened almost an entire city block. At the site on Sunday, more than a week after the bombing runs, reporters for The New York Times saw weary survivors trying to find bodies in the wreckage. Iraqi officials said the final death toll could reach 200 or more, potentially making it one of the worst civilian tolls ever in an American military strike in Iraq. The fighting against the Islamic State here has grown more urgent, with Iraqi officers saying the   coalition has been quicker to strike urban targets from the air with less time to weigh the risks for civilians. They say the change reflects a renewed push by the American military under the Trump administration to speed up the battle for Mosul. American military officials insist there have been no changes to its rules of engagement that lessen the risk for civilians. They say the reports of greater civilian casualties have come at a time of more intense operations both by Iraqi forces in Mosul and by forces fighting the Islamic State in Syria. Starting with the surge into Mosul in December, they say, American military advisers have been given more authority to call in some airstrikes that do not have to be approved through headquarters. Right now, the battle for Mosul is in its most dangerous phase for civilians, with the fight reaching into the twisting alleys and densely populated areas of the old city. Hundreds of thousands of civilians are pinned down here in tight quarters with Islamic State fighters who do not care if they live or die. At the same time, more American Special Operations troops, some dressed in black uniforms and driving black vehicles  —   the colors of their Iraqi counterparts  —   are closer to the front lines. That way, in theory, the targeting of Islamic State fighters should become more precise for the coalition. Another 200 American soldiers, from the 82nd Airborne Division, are heading to Iraq to support that battle over the next few days. Many Iraqi commanders welcome the more aggressive American role, saying that coalition officers were too risk averse under the Obama administration. Iraqis also say fighting for the dense, urban spaces of western Mosul requires more airpower, even if that means more civilians will die. When those decisions turn tragic, it looks like this: a panorama of destruction in the neighborhood of Mosul Jidideh so vast one resident compared the destruction to that of Hiroshima, Japan, where the United States dropped an atomic bomb in World War II. There was a charred arm, wrapped in a piece of red fabric, poking from the rubble rescue workers in red jump suits who wore face masks to avoid the stench, some with rifles slung over their shoulders, searched the wreckage for bodies. One of the survivors, Omar Adnan, stood near his destroyed home on Sunday and held up a white sheet of paper with 27 names of his extended family members, either dead or missing, written in blue ink. Nearby were two men. One of them, Ashraf Mohammed, said, “I lost all of my family except this guy, my brother. ” The civilian deaths have not been limited to the battle for Mosul, which is about 220 miles north of Baghdad. Across large areas of Syria and Iraq, more American ground troops are being committed to the fight, and more American airstrikes are being ordered. In Syria, the battle has intensified in large part around Raqqa, the Islamic State’s declared capital. The campaigns in both countries intend to deprive the Islamic State of its biggest cities, while keeping pressure on the group across its holdings. Allegations of civilian casualties in both countries from   airstrikes have increased so much in recent months that, for the first time, the number of coalition strikes affecting civilians has surpassed those carried out by Russia in Syria, according to Airwars, a monitoring organization based in London that tracks international airstrikes and their effect on civilians. The group said the increase in reported civilian deaths began under President Barack Obama and accelerated after President Trump took office in January. American officials have confirmed that the coalition conducted airstrikes in Mosul Jidideh on March 17 and that they are investigating whether it was to blame for the dozens of deaths there. They insist that they are doing everything they can to protect civilian lives while pushing the fight in Mosul. Jim Mattis, the Defense secretary, told reporters at the Pentagon on Monday that military leaders “are keenly aware that every battlefield where an enemy hides behind women and children” could lead to civilian casualties. “We go out of our way to always do everything humanly possible to reduce loss of life or injury among innocent people,” he said. The east side of Mosul, a city of 1. 8 million that is Iraq’s second largest, was mostly secured by Iraqi forces in January. Much of it remained intact, and everyday life resumed. But on the west, the fight has become more brutal, with sections that look like moonscapes. Maj. Gen. Maan   an Iraqi special forces commander, said his men had called in the American airstrikes that caused the civilian deaths, adding of the victims, “We feel sad for them. ” But he called the episode an unfortunate outcome in a nasty war. He said that Iraqi forces had lost thousands of men fighting the Islamic State, and that to lose so many civilians in a single attack “in return for liberating the entire city of Mosul  —   I think it is a normal thing. ” “This is a war, and mistakes can happen, and there can be losses,” he said. “But we are fighting the most dangerous terrorist organization in the world, with huge, unprecedented support from the international coalition. ” Gen. Ali Jamil, an intelligence officer with the Iraqi special forces, said he had been fighting the Islamic State for more than two years with the support of American air power. “I have not seen such a quick response with high coordination from the coalition as I am seeing now,” he said. Before, when Iraqis requested airstrikes, he said, “there used to be a delay, or no response sometimes, on the excuse of checking the location or looking for civilians. ” On Sunday, a bulldozer pushed debris so rescuers could reach bodies. When one body was found, a man nearby identified it as that of his nephew, and another man wrote the name down in a   notebook. The body was then zipped up in a blue plastic bag and placed inside a garage alongside others. Many of the dead had already been buried in the gardens of homes that were only partially destroyed. Residents who were in the neighborhood during the fighting suggested that there had been every reason to believe the area was filled with civilians at the time of the airstrikes  —   especially because the Iraqi government and its American allies had dropped leaflets asking civilians to remain in their homes rather than risk fleeing into the middle of the battle. But the battle has come to them now. As the fight for this west Mosul neighborhood raged 10 days ago, Islamic State fighters were dashing between homes across courtyards and passing through holes punched in concrete walls that allowed them to move their positions without showing themselves on the streets. Advancing Iraqi soldiers, who called in the airstrikes, were in earshot of civilians. “They were very close,” said Mubishar Thanoon, a resident in his late 30s, standing on Sunday at the bedside of his brother, who was wounded in the attack, at a hospital in Erbil, the capital of the autonomous Kurdish region. “I was hearing their voices. They knew exactly that we were there. ” Another man, Ziad Suleyman, 27, said he could see an Iraqi special forces sniper on a nearby building, who was wearing a baseball cap and ear muffs and communicated with him using hand signals. “He was waving to me,” said Mr. Suleyman, also at the Erbil hospital, where he was visiting a wounded relative. “I was seeing him, he was seeing us. ” Residents and Iraqi officers said that Islamic State fighters, some speaking Russian, according to residents, had taken sniper positions on the rooftops of homes, pinning down some advancing Iraqi forces. Hundreds of residents, trying to escape indiscriminate artillery and rocket fire and fearful of airstrikes, took refuge in basements. It was there that they died, from airstrikes targeting the snipers that caused entire buildings to collapse, survivors recounted. “Not all of the houses had Daesh on the roof,” said Ali Abdulghani, a resident of the neighborhood, using another name for Islamic State fighters. “Why, just because of one Daesh, kill everyone?” American military officials have said that their investigation so far has found that one building collapsed days after the strikes in the neighborhood, raising the possibility that the Islamic State blew up the building after the bombing runs, killing many civilians. In interviews, survivors and local residents dismissed that, saying airstrikes brought the buildings down. Survivors and Iraqi officers said that fighting raged in the neighborhood for days after the strikes, delaying the arrival of rescuers. A few among the lucky are now lying, injured but alive, in hospital beds in Erbil, about 50 miles east of Mosul. Mr. Thanoon’s brother, Ali, was one of them. He survived days under the wreckage, emerging with a broken arm and many cuts and bruises. He recalled lying under the rubble never thinking he would die there, and speaking to another man nearby, who did not survive. “It was a conversation between two dying men,” he said. He said he had hid in a basement not because Islamic State fighters forced him to, but because of the “terror and fear” of artillery and airstrikes. “For me and my family, we thought this was the safest place,” he said. When asked what happened to his family, Ali’s brother quickly changed the subject. A few moments later, in the hallway outside the room, Mr. Thanoon confided that he had not yet told his brother, who he said was delirious from his ordeal and from painkillers, that his family  —   his two wives, four daughters, two sons and two grandchildren  —   had all been killed.",0
8462,A Tee Time With Trump? Pro Golfers Say Absolutely - The New York Times,"Ernie Els, known as the Big Easy, created a little strife on social media this month by playing golf with President Trump and Japan’s prime minister, Shinzo Abe, at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter, Fla. As the PGA Tour moves this week to PGA National Resort and Spa, a   drive from Trump National, it was natural to wonder: How many of Els’s peers on the tour, if extended the same invitation, would say yes? At Riviera Country Club in Los Angeles last week, I asked more than   of the Genesis Open field that question, granting the respondents anonymity so they wouldn’t risk the wrath of their Twitter followers or, in the case of at least one pro, the fury of his wife. The players range in age from the early 20s to late 40s. They represent nine countries and make their homes in 14 American states, including four that voted overwhelmingly Democratic in last year’s presidential election. Of the 56 players polled, 50  —   or 89. 3 percent  —   said they would play golf with Trump if asked. Only three said they would not. The remaining three declined to answer. The results were hardly surprising. The clubhouses at PGA Tour stops have long trended Republican, and the sport’s target demographic  —   rich, mostly white men  —   is far different from the women, minorities, immigrants and Muslims who have at times been the most offended by the president’s statements and positions. Long before he was elected the country’s 45th president, Trump participated in tournament   on the men’s and women’s tours and made the game an integral part of his lifestyle and his businesses. His presidency, at least so far, has been no different. But the current political climate is forcing many   people who sometimes enter the White House’s orbit  —   celebrities, N. F. L. players, even college basketball stars  —   to seriously consider the personal and public repercussions of accepting an invitation to engage with the president. “I’m not silly to what’s going on,” said Els, who was born in South Africa. “I know this is probably the most polarizing president of my time. ” He added, “Whether you agree or not, I felt it was a duty to play with the president when you get the call. ” Els, 47, is married with two teenage children, and lives in West Palm Beach, Fla. He is also a member of Trump’s golf club in Jupiter, which might have made him a logical recipient for an invitation: Els said he received his in a phone call from David Trout, the head professional at Trump National, asking if he would be interested in rounding out a foursome the next day that included the president. Els, who was home because he had pulled out of that week’s PGA Tour event in Pebble Beach, Calif. with a stiff neck, said he was not going to pass up three hours of exclusive access to the leader of the free world. “He is the president at the moment,” Els said. “If it was Barack Obama, I would have played. If it was Hillary Clinton, I would have played. ” Since the November election, Trump has played with at least one L. P. G. A. player, Lexi Thompson, and three former men’s world No. 1s: Tiger Woods Els and Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland, who has a home in Palm Beach Gardens and is recovering from a rib injury. McIlroy played 18 holes with the president on Sunday at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, in a foursome that also included the former Yankees outfielder Paul O’Neill. Woods, who has played with former Presidents George Bush, Bill Clinton and Obama, described his December round with Trump as “fun” in a blog post on his website, and added, “Our discussion topics were  . ” Other players said they would welcome a similar opportunity. Pat Perez, an   golfer of Mexican ancestry, is an unabashed supporter of Trump, whom he described as “an incredible businessman who knows what he’s doing. ” Perez said he would play with Trump “in a heartbeat,” but would have turned down an invitation from Mrs. Clinton if she had won. (It should be noted that she is not known to golf.) Trump is perhaps the most ardent golfer to occupy the Oval Office since the 34th president, Dwight D. Eisenhower, who had a putting green installed at the White House and carried a club like a walking stick as he made his way through its maze of hallways. Eisenhower, who was a member at Augusta National, occasionally played with Arnold Palmer. Trump enjoys the company of Jim Herman. In 2006, Herman was hired as an assistant pro at Trump’s course in Bedminster, N. J. He played a few rounds with Trump, who was impressed with his game. Trump encouraged Herman to redouble his efforts to earn a place on the PGA Tour and helped bankroll his career at the start. Last year, Herman won his first tour title. Since 2008, his combined earnings on the PGA Tour and Web. com Tour are more than $6 million. Herman, 39, has played hundreds of rounds with Trump over the last decade. During one of their games after the election, Trump invited him to the inauguration. “It’s still very hard for me to separate ‘President Donald Trump’ from the guy I’ve played with for the last 10 years,” Herman said, adding, “I think of how generous Mr. Trump and all of those people were in helping me make it to the PGA Tour. So on that day in Washington, the inauguration was almost surreal in seeing him and his children and some members of his clubs I hadn’t seen in many years, all of us back together to share in that unique moment in American history. ” The PGA Tour once held a World Golf Championships event, a rung below the four majors in prestige, at Trump National Doral outside Miami, but last year it moved the tournament, starting this year, to Mexico City after the title sponsor, Cadillac, declined to renew its contract. As Cadillac discovered, any brand can end up as collateral damage when it comes in contact with a   missile like Trump. When the tournament’s move was announced last summer, the perception  —   denied by tour officials  —   was that the organization was using the sponsorship vacuum to distance itself from Trump, who had made incendiary comments about Mexicans and women during the presidential campaign. After Mexico City was announced as the event’s new home, McIlroy, alluding to Trump’s campaign pledge to build a wall along the border, joked, “We’ll just jump over the wall. ” That McIlroy chose to play golf with Trump despite having said before last year’s event at Doral that if he were a United States citizen, “I’m not sure I would want to vote for any of the candidates,” did not surprise the former player Justin Leonard. Leonard, a reporter for Golf Channel and NBC, said, “I think seeing the president take time out of what we can only imagine being such a busy schedule and placing importance on golf from a business and social level, and for guys like Rory to take the time  —   obviously he’s been battling an injury, but that’s a call that you don’t turn down. ”",0
8463,Defiance and Disillusionment in Heartland of South Korean President’s Support - The New York Times,"DAEGU, South Korea  —   Like many of her fellow citizens, Kum   is outraged by the political crisis that is engulfing South Korea’s president. But unlike the vast majority of them, who have turned against President Park   because they believe she has brought an   corruption scandal on herself, Ms. Kum, 79, sees her as an innocent victim of a friend who has taken advantage of her. “Park   herself is not a bad person,” said Ms. Kum, wielding a small razor blade to whittle off the scraggly roots of scallions at a vegetable stall in Seomun Market, here in the city where Ms. Park was born. “She has been swindled. ” Daegu, a center of textile and machinery industries about 150 miles southeast of Seoul, is the heartland of Ms. Park’s support  —   or what little remains of it, after an   scandal involving a longtime friend and shadowy adviser to the president who has been compared to Rasputin. While her nationwide approval rating has dropped into the low single digits, according to Gallup Korea, she retains higher support in Daegu, especially among people 60 and older. To this stalwart cohort, Ms. Park is a proxy for her father, Park   the divisive Cold War dictator who attended teachers college and taught in Daegu before embarking on a military career. He took over South Korea in a  coup in 1961 and ruled until he was assassinated in 1979. Conservatives who lived through the period of rapid economic growth that he oversaw still revere him as the father of modern South Korea, crediting him not only with lifting the country out of poverty but also with guarding against Communist threats from the North. For a dozen years as a member of the National Assembly, Ms. Park represented a district in Daegu, the country’s   city. When she ran for president in 2012, she received about 80 percent of the city’s vote. Many who voted for her expected her to carry on her father’s legacy. Daegu “has been the source of unconditional support for both Park   and Park ” said Jeon   a professor of modern Korean history at Kyungpook National University in the city. Now, Mr. Jeon said, as the Assembly prepares for an impeachment vote on Friday, President Park’s few remaining loyal followers are concentrated among older, uneducated and poor citizens. Across the country, intellectual conservatives are angered by what they see as a witch hunt driven by the news media and opposition parties, yet many of them no longer support Ms. Park personally. Yi   a prominent conservative novelist, said that the news media had failed to differentiate between rumor and fact as the scandal unfolded, and he accused the opposition of instigating public protests. But he called the president “incompetent” and said she had shown poor judgment by associating with the wrong people. “To be frank, she never satisfied my expectations,” Mr. Yi said during an interview at his home in a writer’s colony in Icheon, about 35 miles southeast of Seoul. Even in Daegu, “many of the educated older people have left her,” said Yi   (no relation to Yi  ) director of operations for the local constituency office of Ms. Park’s governing party. “Daegu citizens supported Park   more passionately than in other areas,” Mr. Yi said. “That is why it comes across as such a shock and disappointment. ” In what appeared to be a   effort to court her remaining supporters, Ms. Park visited Daegu last week, making a rare public appearance after a fire destroyed parts of Seomun Market. During her brief visit, some supporters shouted her name, but protesters nearby called for her to be impeached or immediately resign. Ms. Park’s office told reporters that after she returned to her car, she wept. Earlier this week, stall owners and shoppers who voted for Ms. Park four years ago expressed a mixture of defiance and disillusionment. “Why don’t they leave her to run the country for the little time she has left?” said Suh   69, owner of a market stall selling coffee, eggs, crackers, chips and   skewers. “That is the way to help the country, but they are just saying, ‘Impeach, impeach.’ ” Ms. Suh, who said that she admired Ms. Park and that her father had “brought the country to where we are today,” said the enormous public protests demanding Ms. Park’s removal showed that “democracy has become too excessive. ” “Public opinion can turn even a pretty person into an ugly person,” she said. “You can criticize a little or criticize a lot, but if you criticize a lot, the false becomes the truth. ” But Yi   58, an owner of a stationery store in the market, said that Ms. Park should be impeached because she had abused her power. “What she did was very wrong,” he said. The biggest loss, he said, was to Ms. Park’s late father. “His legacy is being buried,” Mr. Yi said. “It is being sold off wholesale. It’s guilt by association. If you start to hate one person, you will start to hate the whole team. ” Across the city at Kyungpook National University, Kim   25, a chemical engineering student, said the nostalgic older generation had made a mistake in expecting Ms. Park to carry on her father’s legacy in the first place. Mr. Kim, who stood outside in   weather carrying a poster board with the slogan “Out with Park ” said his own hometown, Ulsan, had benefited greatly from Park  ’s policies. “But I think it would be superficial and you would be gullible to believe that the daughter would be able to do what Park   did,” he said.",0
8464,Trump Says China Will Get Better Trade Deal if It Solves ‘North Korean Problem’ - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump, frustrated by China’s inaction on North Korea, opened the door on Tuesday to concessions on his trade agenda with Beijing in exchange for greater Chinese support in pressuring Pyongyang. In doing so, he lashed together two sharply different issues in an already complex relationship. “I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U. S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!” Mr. Trump declared in a morning Twitter post. Minutes later, he warned: “North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U. S. A. ” Mr. Trump’s threat rattled nerves in South Korea, where the government reassured the public that the United States would not launch an attack without first consulting Seoul. But the American president’s suggestion of a grand bargain with Beijing crystallized his quandary in dealing with North Korea. Only China, with its vast economic leverage over its reclusive neighbor, can realistically force a change in the behavior of North Korea’s dictator, Kim  . Yet despite its own rising frustration with Mr. Kim, the Chinese government has so far been unwilling to tighten the vise on him. President Xi Jinping of China did not offer Mr. Trump any public commitments on North Korea or trade when they held their first meeting last week at    Mr. Trump’s club in Palm Beach, Fla. Even in private conversations, officials said, the Chinese leader was noncommittal. Mr. Trump has sought to link issues with China before. In December, he warned that if Beijing did not do more to curb North Korea, he would disavow the “One China” policy that has underpinned the diplomatic relationship between the United States and China for more than four decades. When Mr. Xi then put off a phone conversation with the president, Mr. Trump was forced to call the Chinese leader in February to reaffirm the policy. Several former American officials said China was again unlikely to respond as Mr. Trump now wants. “He’s clearly groping for leverage over China,” said Evan S. Medeiros, a former top China adviser to President Barack Obama who is now head of Asia research at Eurasia Group. But Mr. Medeiros added: “Linking such distinct issues seldom works because each involves different actors and different interests in each system. Linkage can also be counterproductive by reinforcing China’s worst instincts. ” Administration officials said they hoped Mr. Trump’s meeting with Mr. Xi would lead to further Chinese pressure on North Korea. Their meeting was punctuated by the missile strike on a Syrian airfield, which the officials said sent a message of resolve about Mr. Trump’s readiness to use force to defend American interests “The last thing we want to see is a nuclear North Korea that threatens the coast of the United States, or, for that matter, any other country,” the White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, said Tuesday. “We need stability in that region, and I think he has put them on notice. ” Mr. Trump ordered a Navy carrier strike group into the waters off the Korean Peninsula in a show of force that previous presidents have used, but which fanned regional fears that the United States would consider a   military strike on North Korea. With anxiety and rumormongering rife among South Koreans, officials in Seoul said the United States would never attack the North without first consulting the South Korean government. “The United States makes it clear that it will not take a new policy or measure without consultations with us,” Cho   a spokesman of the South Korean Foreign Ministry, said Tuesday. Moon   a leader of the main opposition Democratic Party, issued his own warning against the possibility of an American   strike carried out unilaterally. “The safety of South Korea is as important as that of the United States,” he said in a Facebook post. “There should never be a   strike without South Korean consent. ” Mr. Moon is a leading contender, vying with another opposition leader, Ahn   for the May 9 election to choose the successor to former President Park  . Ms. Park, who was impeached by Parliament in December, was formally ousted in a Constitutional Court ruling in March. Prime Minister Hwang   is serving as acting president. “Neighboring countries are taking advantage of the absence of a president in South Korea to try to exclude us and handle issues on the Korean Peninsula according to their own understanding,” Mr. Moon said, without blaming the Trump administration by name. Still, Mr. Trump’s explicit linkage of North Korea and trade suggested that the president was more likely to seek a deal with China than to proceed unilaterally. Under pressure from the United States on trade, China proposed a   plan during the summit meeting that would overhaul the trade relationship between the countries. In his first concrete move on trade with China, Mr. Trump is preparing an executive order in coming weeks targeting countries that dump steel into the American market, a measure that would be aimed mainly at Beijing. But it is not yet clear which side has the initiative in the evolving debate over trade. During his meeting with Mr. Xi, administration officials said, Mr. Trump warned that China needed to address its yawning trade imbalance with the United States immediately. But the Chinese did not bring any   gestures to the meeting, as many experts expected. Instead, they countered with the   plan. While Mr. Trump embraced the idea, the commerce secretary, Wilbur L. Ross, noted that the plan would have “way stations” to measure progress, suggesting the White House was not willing to wait the full 100 days for results. Mr. Spicer said that deploying a carrier strike force to the region would act as a deterrent, as well as give the president more options. For Mr. Trump, however, an attack on North Korea would be a far riskier undertaking than the strike on Syria, given the North’s nuclear arsenal, fleet of missiles and proximity to huge population centers in South Korea. It is also clear that North Korea has no intention of forsaking nuclear arms. Top officials gathered in Pyongyang on Tuesday, the fifth anniversary of Mr. Kim’s election as leader of the ruling Workers’ Party, and vowed to uphold his policy of strengthening the North’s nuclear arsenal. Also on Tuesday, Ri   a Politburo member, former foreign minister and adviser and childhood mentor to Mr. Kim, was given another powerful position in Parliament. Last year, Mr. Ri, 82, told Chinese officials that North Korea’s nuclear weapons expansion was “permanent. ”",0
8465,Active Navy SEAL Investigated for Staring in Porn Movies to ’Pay the Bills’,"A decorated, active Navy SEAL is under investigation for moonlighting as a porn actor with his wife, the government reports. [The U. S. Navy is investigating Navy Chief Special Warfare Officer Joseph John Schmidt III after he appeared in 30 explicit porn movies, the San Diego   reported last week.  Schmidt, 42, has served in the Navy for 23 years, was a recruiter for the Naval Special Warfare teams, and was even featured on the SEAL website. But he is also a porn actor under the name “Jay Vroom,” appearing in such films as Apple Smashing Lap Dance and Strippers Come Home Horny from the Club. Most of the films he starred in were filmed with his   wife, Jewels Jade, as his onscreen partner. But he also appeared in films with several other porn actresses. The Navy is now investigating to see if his side job violates Navy rules for conduct and propriety. “We have initiated a formal investigation into these allegations. There are very clear regulations which govern outside employment by (Naval Special Warfare) personnel as well as prohibitions on behavior that is discrediting to the service,” Capt. Jason Salata, a spokesman for the SEALs, told the paper. But Jewels Jade insists that his Naval bosses knew what he was doing as a side job. “They knew about it at work. He got called in and they said, ‘Look, keep it on the low, don’t mention the SEAL name and blah, blah, blah,” the porn actress said. “He was always pretty open about it with the command. I mean, honestly, all of his buddies knew about it. Everybody knew about it,” she said. But the SEAL’s wife claimed that they only began making the porn films to pay their bills. “It’s helped our family. It got us out of a lot of financial issues we were going through,” Jade added. “I could take care of the child. I could try to get us out of financial debt. ” The actress also noted that neither she nor her husband ever used his job as a Navy SEAL to sell their porn videos. In fact, the   could not find any instances where either of them mentioned his service directly while selling or advertising their porn films. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com.",0
8466,Pope Francis: ‘Let Us Pray for Babies in Danger of Being Aborted’,"On Italy’s annual Day for Life, Pope Francis pledged his support for the   movement, urging Christians to pray for unborn children in danger of being aborted. [After his weekly Angelus prayer Sunday in Saint Peter’s Square, the pontiff said that he joined the Italian Bishops in “supporting bold educational action in favor of human life. Every life is sacred!”  “Let us promote the culture of life in response to the logic of disposability and a declining population,” he said. “Let us join together and pray for babies who are in danger of being aborted, as well as for people who are at the end of life. All life is sacred!” he said. “Let no one be left alone and may love defend the meaning of life. ” Pope Francis has been a vocal critic of abortion, calling it a “horrendous crime,” similar to Mafia murders and the slaughter of the innocents by King Herod 2000 years ago. The Pope also quoted Mother Teresa on Sunday, whom he declared to be a saint last September: “Life is beauty, admire it life is life, defend it!” before adding, “both for the child about to be born, and the person who is close to death: all life is sacred!” In last fall’s canonization ceremony, Pope Francis stressed Mother Teresa’s commitment to the poorest of the poor, especially unborn children threatened by abortion. “Mother Teresa, in all aspects of her life, was a generous dispenser of divine mercy,” the Pope said in his homily before the more than 100, 000 people overflowing Saint Peter’s Square, “making herself available for everyone through her welcome and defense of human life, those unborn and those abandoned and discarded. ” “She was committed to defending life, ceaselessly proclaiming that ‘the unborn are the weakest, the smallest, the most vulnerable,’” he added. On Sunday, Francis sent a special greeting to all who work for   causes, with his wish “that they may be capable of building a society that is welcoming and worthy for every person. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
8467,George Soros-Tied Activists Behind Campaign to Impeach Trump,"One need not look too deeply to discover the two groups behind the movement to impeach Donald Trump are tied to billionaire George Soros, while the organization that just filed a lawsuit challenging the Constitutionality of Trump’s presidency is financed by Soros’s Open Society Foundations. [On Monday, the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) filed a lawsuit claiming that Trump is in violation of a Constitutional clause banning government officials from accepting benefits from foreign nations.  Politico reported: The suit, backed by several prominent Constitutional scholars, claims that Trump’s business dealings with foreign countries who rent space in his buildings or lend money to his real estate ventures run afoul of the foreign emoluments clause. “President Trump has made his slogan ‘America First,’” CREW’s Noah Bookbinder said in a statement. “So you would think he would want to strictly follow the Constitution’s foreign emoluments clause, since it was written to ensure our government officials are thinking of Americans first, and not foreign governments. ” CREW describes itself as an organization that utilizes “  legal actions to target government officials who sacrifice the common good to special interests. ” CREW, which does not publicize its donor list, has received financing from Soros’s Open Society Foundations. According to Discover the Networks, CREW has also been funded by the   Tides Foundation. In August 2014, longtime Hillary Clinton ally David Brock, founder of the heavily   Media Matters for America progressive group, was elected chairman of CREW’s board. Brock departed the organization last December, but Politico reported over the weekend that CREW is part of a network of groups for which the activist is attempting to raise $40 million to take on Trump. Politico reported from a fundraiser Saturday in Aventura, Florida: The constellation of political groups in Democratic strategist David Brock’s network are aiming to raise roughly $40 million in 2017, the Clinton    ally told roughly 120 donors gathered here on Saturday.   …    Brock’s groups include Media Matters, a liberal news media watchdog ShareBlue, a liberal news site American Bridge, the party’s primary opposition research organization and Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) which carries out legal actions. CREW will be a particular locus of activity this year, according to donors briefed on the plans. Meanwhile, a campaign to impeach Trump officially kicked off as soon as the billionaire was sworn in last Friday.  The movement’s centralized hub is the ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow. org website, which documents that it is being led by by two liberal advocacy groups  —   Free Speech for People and RootsAction. The Washington Post reported on the two group’s effort: The organizers behind the campaign, Free Speech for People and RootsAction, are hinging their case on Trump’s insistence on maintaining ownership of his luxury hotel and golf course business while in office. Ethics experts have warned that his financial holdings could potentially lead to constitutional violations and undermine public faith in his  . “If we were to wait for all the ill effects that could come from this, too much damage to our democracy would occur,” said Ron Fein, legal director at Free Speech for People. “It will undermine faith in basic institutions. If nothing else, it’s important for Americans to trust that the president is doing what he thinks is the right thing   …     not that it would help   a stalled casino project in another country. ” A closer look at the two groups leading the impeachment campaign is instructive. Attorney and activist John Bonifaz is the   and president of Free Speech for People. Bonifaz is the founder of the National Voting Rights Institute (NVRI) where he also served as general counsel and executive director. The NRVI’s website documents it is the recipient of “generous foundation and institutional support” from 24 past and present grantors, including Soros’s Open Society Institute. The NRVI is also funded by the   Tides Foundation, and the Joyce Foundation, which has partnered with the Open Society Foundations on numerous projects.  Former President Obama served as a paid board member of the Joyce Foundation for eight years from 1994 to 2002.  Joyce has also been a prominent donor to the   Media Matters For America progressive activist group. Lance Lindblom, a director at the Free Speech for People group behind the impeachment campaign, previously served as Executive Vice President at Soros Foundation’s Open Society   Society Fund, his bio relates. And Jeff Clements,   and General Counsel for Free Speech for People, popped up in a leaked Open Society Foundations document as attending the   group’s U. S. Programs Board Meeting and Retreat February   2011.  Bonifaz was also in attendance at the retreat, at which Soros himself provided opening remarks. The other group behind the Trump impeachment campaign, RootsAction, is led by a small team that includes its   Norman Solomon. Solomon also founded the Institute for Public Accuracy, which, Discover The Networks reports, is funded by Soros’ Open Society Foundations. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. With research by Joshua Klein.",0
8468,Rex Tillerson: Iraq War Did Not Achieve Stability in Middle East - Breitbart,"WASHINGTON D. C.  —     Donald Trump’s nominee for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson admitted that the Iraq war failed to achieve it’s objectives. The nominee made his remarks during his Senate Foreign Relations Committee confirmation hearing on Wednesday. [Tillerson was asked by Sen. Rand Paul,  . if he supported Trump’s assessment of the Iraq war that it was a failure.  “I think in that regard the decision to go into Iraq and change the leadership in Iraq upon reflection was perhaps not  —   did not achieve those objectives, we do not have a more stable region in the world and our national security has not been enhanced or is still certainly under threat today,” Tillerson responded. He called the war “well intended” but ultimately unsuccessful. Paul said he was concerned that Congress and the Executive branch were too eager to tackle “terrible evil people” overseas without acting in American interests. The Kentucky senator also raised concerns that the United States would invade Iran, despite the failures in Iraq. Tillerson replied that it was important for a proper balance of American values and American interests when pursuing military force overseas. He also recommended that the United States be “clear” about the threat posed by Iran, specifically their efforts to acquire a nuclear weapon and their support for terrorism. “We have to disrupt that,” he concluded. Tillerson also compared the failures in Iraq to the failures in Libya. He then warned about acting in Syria for the same reasons. “In the case of Libya, I think that was the failing in the decision to change the regime there, no one had a clear plan or view of what would come next,” he said about the military actions taken by President Obama that were backed by Hillary Clinton. He added that his job was to make sure that America didn’t have to go to war. “If confirmed as Secretary of State, my job is to make sure we never get there,” Tillerson stated.",0
8469,"Seattle Seahawks Sign Quarterback Austin Davis, Not Colin Kaepernick","On Monday, the Seattle Seahawks announced that they signed a quarterback. His name was not Colin Kaepernick. [Instead, the Seahawks signed Austin Davis. You might remember him from a very forgettable half year of play with the Rams, three years ago. He also played two games with the Browns and washed out of the Broncos quarterback competition last year.  Davis will join Trevone Boykin in backing up Russell Wilson. The decision to not sign Kaepernick shouldn’t have come as a surprise given Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll’s comments a week ago after Kaepernick visited the team. At the time, Carroll said: Colin’s been a fantastic football player, and he’s going to continue to be. At this time, we didn’t do anything with it, but we know where he is and who he is and we had a chance to understand him much more so. He’s a starter in this league. And we have a starter. But he’s a starter in this league, and I can’t imagine that someone won’t give him a chance to play. Davis’ career stats are quite underwhelming. In thirteen games and ten starts, Davis has totaled thirteen touchdowns and twelve interceptions. He also hasn’t played a game since 2015 which has caused some, like the Sporting News’ Vinnie Iyer, to call the Seahawks signing of Davis over Kaepernick, “The Fonz on waterskis of Kap’s futile employment search. ” Yet, while no one would dispute that Kaepernick is a better quarterback than Davis, the Seahawks weren’t really looking for a better quarterback than Davis. With a starter like Russell Wilson, a player who has never missed a career start, the Seahawks were in the unique position of actually looking for an Austin Davis. While politics will always enter any discussion involving Kaepernick, the Seahawks likely refused him not because of his social justice politics, but more because of the internal politics of the team. In an article for ESPN the Magazine, Seth Wickersham told of the sometimes awkward and tense relationship between Wilson and his teammates. Specifically, a time when Richard Sherman threw a ball at Wilson during practice and yelled, “You effing suck!” after an interception at practice. Many Seahawks, including Sherman, have voiced support for Kaepernick during his protests . Could those same players rally around and support Kaepernick over Wilson, if he struggles at some point this season? Avoiding that internal strife might very well be the reason why Kaepernick isn’t a Seahawk right now. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
8470,"NGOs should condemn terrorists in Syria, not Russia fighting them – Foreign Ministry","NGOs should condemn terrorists in Syria, not Russia fighting them – Foreign Ministry Published time: 26 Oct, 2016 22:53 Edited time: 26 Oct, 2016 23:12 Get short URL Aerial view of the Foreign Ministry building in Moscow. © Maksim Blinov / Sputnik The NGOs that demanded Russia’s removal from UN Human Rights Council lack impartiality as they ignore terrorist activities as well as violations by the US-led coalition in Syria, the Russian Foreign Ministry's Commissioner for Human Rights told RT. Trends Russian anti-terror op in Syria , Syria unrest 
Targeting Russia was “a gross misstep on the part of the human rights defenders,” Konstantin Dolgov said. 
“If they call themselves [human rights defenders] they have to be objective. Al least, they have to try to be impartial. How can they assess the human rights situation in Syria in this one-sided manner? Just to join the chorus of Western governments and politicians, groundlessly accusing Russia of bombing civilian targets in Syria, without providing any evidence of this,” Dolgov added. 
READ MORE: US-led coalition killed 300 Syrian civilians in 11 probed strikes – Amnesty 
The NGOs, which failed to provide any solid proof of Russia’s alleged wrongdoings, “completely ignore the bulk of the problem” in Syria, the commissioner stressed. “And the bulk of the problem is the activities of the terrorist organizations like Islamic State, [Jabhat] al-Nusra… which have been persistently killing dozens of thousands of civilians in Syria.” 
Dolgov wondered “how can those NGOs ignore… numerous killings of civilians and destruction of infrastructure by the coalition led by the US?” when “there are multiple examples” of such violations. 
“If you’re against violations of human rights, you should be against violation everywhere and by everybody,” he said. 
The commissioner pointed out that, on Wednesday, Amnesty International – which had not signed the petition – blamed the US for killing hundreds of civilians in Syria and refusing to investigate those incidents. 
The numbers of civilian victims provided by the group – around 300 – “aren’t complete,” Dolgov said. 
“I don’t think that an accurate number. I don’t think anybody there has an accurate number.” Read more Over 80 NGOs call for Russia to be dropped from UN rights council over Syria 
More than 80 international organizations – including Human Rights Watch, CARE International and Refugees International – have signed a petition for Russia to be thrown off the UN Human Rights Council. They claimed that Moscow was no longer fit to hold its position in the United Nations body, due to its military operation in Syria. 
It turned out that most of the organizations are part of the very same Syria Relief Network based in Turkey, however, casting potential doubts over their impartiality. 
The petition came ahead of the UN Human Rights Council election, scheduled to take place on Friday. The Foreign Ministry official opted not to predict the outcome of the vote, but said that Russia was “definitely” running to regain its seat on the council. 
“We’re running because we have a very strong record in the protection of international law; in the protection of international human rights law. We don’t have right now, at this last moment before the election, to prove anything. Our policies are well known and we’ve been one of the most active and creative members of the UN Human Rights Council for many-many years now,” Dolgov stressed. 
West, Arab states ‘protecting terrorists’ who will never win in Syria – Mother Agnes to RT 
Moscow is aware that there some international players who want to block Russia’s activities in the Human Rights Council, because “we’re not professing double standards. We are consistently against politicizing human rights. We have a lot of supporters,” Dolgov added.",0
8471,Donald Trump Begs Hillary Clinton Early Voters to Change Their Votes,"As a new poll shows 28% of early Republican Florida voters casting their vote for Clinton, Donald Trump is getting desperate. 
The Republican nominee begged Clinton voters to change their vote in 6 states where it’s not too late to do so. Trump wrote Wednesday morning, “So now that you can see Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICAN GREAT AGAIN!” You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 2, 2016 
Tuesday evening Trump made the case that due to the FBI’s announcement about Clinton’s emails voters might have buyers’ remorse , “A lot of things have happened over the last few days. This is a message for any Democratic voters who have already cast their ballots for Hillary Clinton and are having a bad case of buyers’ remorse — in other words you want to change your vote — Wisconsin is one of several states where you can change your early ballot if you think you’ve made a mistake.” 
While it’s true that people in some states can change their votes, it’s not true that this rule was changed because of Hillary Clinton’s “emails” and yes, that’s a new Right wing “thing” apparently. Trump doesn’t suggest the law was changed because of Clinton, but he seems to think people will be rushing to change their mind about Clinton because of the non-surprise October “surprise!” the Republican FBI Director delivered , which was perceived to have benefited the Trump ticket. 
Days ago, Snopes debunked the notion that changing early votes is being allowed because of the FBI’s bizarre announcement that they may or may not have more emails pertaining to Clinton. 
Claim: After FBI Director Jim Comey announced that he was reviewing e-mails potentially linked to Hillary Clinton, several states announced that they were allowing people to change their early votes. mixture 
WHAT’S TRUE: Some states allow early voters to change their votes before election day. 
WHAT’S FALSE: No states changed their election laws in order to allow people who voted early for Hillary Clinton to change their votes. 
And to make this even better, that false information was based on a Fox News report that wasn’t selling the false story about Clinton, but still got some of the information wrong. This is why the Right can’t have nice things. The Left should be vigilant against allowing itself to become too insular, because epistemic closure leads to losing. 
Trump conveniently ignores his own history of email dumping, exhaustive list of lawsuits, bragging about sexual assault, dissing minorities and a Gold Star family, and national security experts investigating his ties and his campaign’s ties to Russia. 
Only a desperate candidate runs on trying to get people to change their votes to him because someone found a Clinton aide’s emails when they don’t even know what they say or if they are duplicates yet. 
While this race is far from over, if all Americans get off their butts and go vote, Donald Trump faces an uphill battle to the White House.",0
8472,"In a Week, Trump Reshapes Decades of Perceptions About America - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   By some measures, President Trump has altered the perception of American foreign policy more in the past seven days than his predecessors did in the past seven decades. A nation that built its brand around the world as open to the world’s needy and ambitious is now viewed, after Mr. Trump’s immigration executive order, as closing its doors in a way it never did even after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. Twenty years of    efforts to rebuild a relationship with Mexico  —   on trade, counterterrorism and drug interdiction  —   crashed into an avoidable blowup with the Mexican president, Enrique Peña Nieto, who canceled his visit here. When Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain came for what appeared to be a largely successful visit, Mr. Trump’s first by the leader of a close ally, she spoke of maintaining sanctions on Russia until it met its commitments on Ukraine. Mr. Trump stayed silent. After he spoke the next day to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, the official readout provided by the White House made no mention of Ukraine, or of the   operation to influence the American election that led President Barack Obama, in his last days in office, to issue new sanctions. Perception is different from reality. It is possible that when viewed from a distance of a few years, Mr. Trump’s pronouncements about “extreme vetting” and his rush to push some of America’s most experienced career diplomats out of their jobs will look like a   blitz intended to send a message to the world that he meant what he said when he talked about “America First. ” In a statement on Sunday, Mr. Trump appeared to try to soften his action, arguing that “this is not a Muslim ban, as the media is falsely reporting. ” He promised to “find ways to help all those who are suffering,” words that were missing on Friday when he announced that all refugees from Syria would be barred from entry to the United States, indefinitely. “It’s one week in,” Robert M. Gates, the former secretary of defense and C. I. A. director, said on ABC’s “This Week” on Sunday. “Every administration I’ve worked for begins with a flurry of executive orders” meant to distinguish itself from it predecessor. But Mr. Gates, who has served eight presidents, of both parties, quickly added that Mr. Trump risks accelerating a sense of an America that is pulling back and putting up walls, leaving a power vacuum around the globe. “That vacuum will not be filled by benign forces,” he said. Two other prominent, establishment Republicans, Senators John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, called the lumping together in the immigration order of a major adversary, Iran, with an ally, Iraq, one of many reasons that the moves are “a   wound in the fight against terrorism. ” Mr. Trump is hardly the first president to announce shifts in policy that surprised allies and upturned the existing order. President Richard M. Nixon’s decision to abandon the gold standard and to recognize China were shocks to the system. So was President George W. Bush’s decision to invade Iraq, though it was telegraphed for more than a year, as was Mr. Obama’s decision to strike a nuclear accord with Iran and to reopen diplomatic relations with Cuba. But in the case of Mr. Trump, there is a sense that the rush for change has superseded a study of unintended consequences. The ban on immigration and visitors from seven nations came with minimal, if any, input from the State Department about the regional fallout  —   as did Mr. Trump’s declaration that he intends to move the American Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem. The absence of advance thinking about how to deal with green card holders and Iraqi interpreters who were promised entry to the United States in return for their service to American troops forced the White House to amend its interpretations of the order less than 48 hours after Mr. Trump signed it. It was all symptomatic of a new president eager to tweet first and work out details later. “This is policy by thunderbolt,” said Joseph Nye, a Harvard professor who served as the head of the National Intelligence Council and has written extensively on how the United States can gain leverage from its “soft power”  —   the attractiveness of its culture and democracy. “You don’t want to tear up 70 years of foreign policy until you think hard about what replaces it. ” But inside the halls of the State Department, where Rex W. Tillerson, the pick for secretary of state, has just begun to find his way around, there is definitely the sense among career diplomats that this is Year Zero. Last week, the “landing team” of Trump designees told several of the department’s most senior diplomats  —   career officials, some with decades of service  —   to clear out of their offices. Almost all had submitted their resignations, the protocol when administrations changed, but had volunteered to stay on for a month or two until successors were appointed, to ensure that State Department facilities were safe, American citizens were evacuated from perilous places and passports were issued. The Trump team made it clear it had no interest in transitions. (Mr. Tillerson also never met    with his predecessor, John Kerry, before the inauguration.) It was not exactly a purge, but the fact remains that some of the government’s most experienced diplomats have moved on  —   including some of the   women in the department. Among them is Anne Patterson, 67, the assistant secretary of state for Near Eastern affairs and a former ambassador to Pakistan and Egypt, two of the biggest tinderboxes Mr. Trump will face. Victoria J. Nuland, 55, one of the department’s top Russia experts and former ambassador to NATO, who dealt with the Ukraine crisis, decided to retire after concluding there was probably no place for her in Mr. Trump’s administration. Such a housecleaning leaves open the question of whether Mr. Tillerson, who has extensive experience abroad as chief executive of Exxon Mobil but none as a diplomat, will have the kind of help he needs in a very different kind of enterprise than negotiating on behalf of the world’s largest oil company. In such an atmosphere, even seemingly routine moves  —   like the reorganization of the National Security Council  —   take on a political air. On Sunday, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, and chief ideologue, Stephen K. Bannon, was designated a permanent member of the “principals committee” of the National Security Council, putting a political aide on par with the secretaries of state and defense. Meanwhile, the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff appeared to be downgraded, told to attend only when their issues were on the table. “This is stone cold crazy,” Susan E. Rice, the national security adviser until earlier this month, wrote in a Twitter post. “Who needs military advice or intell to make policy on ISIL, Syria, Afghanistan, DPRK?” she said, using acronyms for the Islamic State and North Korea. Mr. Trump’s answer is simple: When you have come to upend the establishment, the establishment must vacate the premises.",0
8473,School District Demands ’Safe Zones’ for Migrant Students,"The Tacoma Public School Superintendent is now demanding “safe zones” for migrant students after President Donald Trump’s immigration executive orders were signed earlier last week. [Superintendent Carla Santorno told parents of the Tacoma School District in a letter, that she would like to see safe zones for students so they can be hidden from federal immigration officials, should authorities show up to any schools looking to deport them.  “Our schools will be a safe zone for immigrant students to learn and thrive,” Santorno wrote. “The diversity of our student body, our community and our staff is a strength that benefits all of us and should be celebrated. Our rich cultures and the more than 70 different languages spoken in our schools provides all children with the opportunity to learn from others with dissimilar backgrounds and recognizes our common humanity. ” Santorno also said the Tacoma Public School Board would be reviewing a resolution that would further help provide migrants with a “safe zone. ” “Every school has been directed to provide a safe, private location where students may seek assistance, information, and support related to any immigration law enforcement that interferes with their learning experience,” Santorno continued. “To support this work, our School Board is evaluating a Resolution in support of every student, every day in an equitable and inclusive environment. ” “We will continue providing all students their legal right to access free public   education, regardless of their religion, their place of birth, their language, their citizenship, their immigration status, their parents’ status or any other legally protected characteristics,” Santorno wrote in the letter. The Tacoma Public School District is one of the first education systems promising to protect migrants with a physical safe zone for them, echoing similar strategies by universities across the country which have promised to be “sanctuary campuses”. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.",0
8474,A 7-Year-Old Walks Into a Stand-Up Club ... - The New York Times,"When it comes to culture, I’m probably more permissive than most parents. I read H. P. Lovecraft to my    Penny, and also showed her “Jaws” and “Alien,” but it wasn’t until I took her to a comedy club that I felt truly irresponsible. Parental guilt started sinking in after I persuaded a skeptical ticket taker at Carolines on Broadway to let a child see a headliner one Friday this month. As we waited for the opening acts to finish before we entered, I considered the many kinds of jokes I would not want Penny to hear and the years of therapy required to repair the damage. Noticing my mounting anxiety, she asked, “Daddy, are you about to make a mistake?” I answered honestly: “Maybe. ” At a time when   heroes dominate Hollywood, cartoon characters regularly invade Broadway and kids’ karaoke entertains crowds of thousands, live   remains stubbornly  . Few clubs are for all ages, and there is no   version of the singer Dan Zanes, a star for young audiences. Why do   comics cede this market to clowns and magicians? Would kids even like performers holding microphones telling jokes onstage? Seeking some answers, I took my daughter to shows looking for comedians she would find funny and I wouldn’t find inappropriate. The comic most likely to bridge the gap between adults and children is Jim Gaffigan, who along with Brian Regan is the greatest clean comic working today. He’s so   that he has performed for the pope, which also may be why he is not considered as cool as some of his peers. My daughter thought he was hilarious, although she took some time to warm up to him. Mr. Gaffigan tells jokes that kids can relate to with many references they understand. At a recent show at Foxwoods Resort Casino in Mashantucket, Conn. he did a bit about the horribleness of “Mary Had a Little Lamb” and another about the laziness of the grandfather in “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. ” And in line with the trend, he did material from the perspective of a cranky parent. When he joked about his own children, what I considered funny Penny saw as punching down. “He’s funny, but that’s mean,” she said in a debrief after the show, her hands balling up into fists. What put him back in her favor was a story he told in which he “wet himself. ” Peeing, pooping and farting are comedy classics, at least a little funny to anyone honest with themselves. But what made this delightful for Penny was that it was an adult who had the accident. “Kids sometimes pee on themselves and   don’t like that,” she explained. “So when a   pees on himself, it’s funny. ” Mr. Gaffigan’s intricately delivered jokes about his gluttony and sloth have the crisply simple incongruities and   that any child can appreciate. When he said that his New Year’s resolution was to eat pasta every day, Penny raised her hand to her mouth to muffle her laughter. When he talked about men being gross, she whispered to me, “But he is a man. ” After saying he’s a character actor, Mr. Gaffigan paused, adding that is “secret code for ugly. ” Penny doubled over laughing, even though she had no idea what “character actor” meant. Jokes, of course, can be funny if you don’t understand every word, a truth kids grasp better than adults do. “Secret codes are just fun,” she said, matter of fact. Mr. Gaffigan’s show had gone so well that I decided to be more ambitious by taking Penny to Carolines the next night to see the charming rising comic Ron Funches. He is not as clean but has a twee, giggly delivery that I thought might appeal. It was a bad miscalculation. When I didn’t have my hands over her ears, in response to jokes with more cursing or sexual innuendo than I could handle, she was usually just confused. Staring blankly at a bit by Mr. Funches about spending more money than he has, Penny said, “I don’t get any of this. ” We left early. In retrospect, taking a child to a New York comedy club on a weekend was overly optimistic if not downright foolish. To make sure that a show is appropriate, it’s best to check with the theater in advance. I did that before seeing a set at the Peoples Improv Theater in Manhattan by the sharp New York comic Aparna Nancherla, in a new monthly show called “She Makes Me Laugh,” hosted by Laura Zabolotsky, Ashley Lara and Maria Bobila. Ms. Nancherla, whose new album is “Just Putting It Out There,” did a series of jokes commenting on slides projected on the wall.   offers less visual stimulation than movies or musicals, and this set proved that a few images go a long way. Sitting in the front row, Penny was rapt during a bit poking fun at different kinds of author photos, laughing merrily at a shot of a jovial guy wearing a book like a hat. Ms. Nancherla called the look Bookhead. Midway through her set, however, the slides froze and the comic was left onstage with nothing to play off. Struggling to save her set, she made up a few jokes on the spot about the slide frozen onscreen (which as it happened just said “dad”) before prematurely ending the show. Penny was disappointed, but liked the improvisation. “It was fun to watch her make stuff up,” she said, which may help explain why it’s easier to find improv for children than  . “I wanted the whole thing like that. ” By the end of my weeklong experiment, I hadn’t convinced my daughter that   comedy is better than a Harry Potter movie, but she had a good time at two of the three shows. Kids are individuals, with their own taste, but the greatest   comedy taps into some of the same things that the most popular children’s books do: delight in language, the purely silly and a grand sense of mischief. There’s a reasonable concern that reaching for a   brand of comedy would water down the form if not compromise its essence. But aesthetic diversity is a hallmark of comedy today and a Jerry Seinfeld for children does not threaten Jerry Seinfeld. Children have always devoured    —   I fell in love with comedy when I was around my daughter’s age, spending hours trying to understand the jokes on my older brother’s Steve Martin album  —   but the accessibility of the internet has expanded the audience. It’s only a matter of time before some savvy person makes a fortune catering to this demographic. On the taxi ride home from the Peoples Improv Theater, Penny offered this potential producer some advice. “Do shows earlier,” she said, smiling hours past her bedtime. “And there should also be more making fun of  . ”",0
8475,"Thanks for making us experts on tedious financial shit, UK tells Brexiters","Thanks for making us experts on tedious financial shit, UK tells Brexiters 31-10-16 BRITONS have thanked Leave voters for forcing them to learn about piss-boring things like exchange rates and EU law. Brexit coverage has made millions of people highly knowledgeable about issues that are mind-meltingly tedious. Graphic designer Nikki Hollis said: “Everything about money and finance bores me rigid but now I’m an expert on interest rates and inflation, so thanks a fucking lot for that, Brexiters. “You can imagine how much I’ve enjoyed making myself informed about trade tariffs and the effects of a weak currency on global supply chains. “Frankly I’d like to round-up every Brexiter and make them count to a trillion out loud at gunpoint.” Teacher Stephen Malley said: “I’d like to thank Leave voters for sending me on the fascinating journey of discovery which is learning about World Trade Organisation export rules. “If my current career doesn’t work out, it’s nice to know I could probably get a job explaining international trade regulations and become a depressed alcoholic. “What really turns me on is how government bonds are sold to raise funds for quantitative easing. Just mentioning that makes me want to crack one off right now.” 
Share:",0
8476,Grassley and Feinstein: The Pair Who Will Lead Gorsuch’s Senate Hearings - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   She is a female trailblazer in a Senate where women remain a minority, a formal and wealthy institutionalist from one of the nation’s most liberal states whose partisanship is at times eclipsed by propriety. He is a   Midwesterner who has long prided himself on his   with officials from both parties in Washington and a compulsive availability to voters back home, with a reputation for thrift perhaps best validated by his habit of cutting the engine on his car as he rolls it into the Senate garage, just to save on gas. What neither Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, nor Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, has is a law degree. Yet as the   Democrat and the chairman on the Senate Judiciary Committee, they will preside over the hearings on Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, that begin on Monday. Ms. Feinstein and Mr. Grassley, both 83, will face tremendous pressure from their respective parties to deliver a vindication of their views not just of Judge Gorsuch’s worthiness to serve on the court but also of the process leading him there. Liberal activists remain bitter about Mr. Grassley’s role in preventing even a beginning to the confirmation process of Judge Merrick B. Garland, President Barack Obama’s nominee for the Supreme Court vacancy left by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia more than a year ago. Many are looking to Ms. Feinstein  —   the first woman to serve on the committee and the Senate’s most senior woman  —   to shoulder the weight of that political burden, and to rigorously challenge Judge Gorsuch on his constitutional views. “This is an important process that needs to be carried out with the kind of dignity and perseverance that it warrants,” Ms. Feinstein said. “Because this is so pivotal, as the decisive vote on the court, this is a huge responsibility. This is complicated by what came before, which was the Republican treatment of Merrick Garland, which I found very disagreeable and unprecedented. ” Mr. Grassley’s role is strategically and procedurally easier: It is up to him to make Judge Gorsuch’s week on Capitol Hill painless even in the face of tough questioning from Democrats on the committee. “His approach to the hearing will likely mirror what we have seen in recent weeks back here,” Matt Strawn, a former chairman of Iowa’s Republican Party, said of Mr. Grassley. “He has given Iowans every opportunity to weigh in on town hall meetings. There is a reason he is our   public servant here because he listens and is respectful even if he disagrees with someone. ” Mr. Grassley has been a strong defender of the most conservative of the 13 nominees he has voted for, but he also helped approve Stephen G. Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg under President Bill Clinton. Ms. Feinstein has never voted for a Republican nominee. Mr. Grassley’s reputation for independence took a hit when he instantly went along with Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, to block Judge Garland from even a single hearing last year. “I’m not sensitive talking about it,” Mr. Grassley said. “I had to defend my position  —   I had to defend it up to my election. ” He added that he believed it was appropriate to wait for a new president to approve a new Supreme Court nominee, saying, “I would do the same thing in 2020. ” But both senators, who express respect for each other, have a reputation for a seriousness that transcends party politics, an increasingly rare trait in the modern Congress. They are the leaders of a caucus dedicated to combating the narcotics trade. “These days there are immense party pressures that will push Chuck, that will push Dianne,” said former Senator Max Baucus, a Democrat of Montana who served as a chairman with Mr. Grassley on the Senate Finance Committee. “But they will both try to do the right thing. ” Mr. Grassley, who was first elected to the Senate in 1980, has served on the Judiciary Committee for his entire tenure. He has concerned himself principally with victims’ rights, civil asset forfeiture and justice for older people. Long an opponent of criminal justice reform, he has evolved toward modest changes in recent years. He is a fierce advocate for all things Iowa and tends to bring that sensibility to policy debates, rushing home on weekends to spend time with voters. His Twitter account (search for “assume deer dead”) is among the most followed on Capitol Hill for its folksy charm. He is a tireless worker  —   beginning most days with a predawn jog  —   and a mentor to younger members. Mr. Baucus said they would meet weekly when they served on the Finance Committee together, promoting a sense of bipartisanship. Mr. McConnell said of Mr. Grassley, “This a man who commands respect from both Democrats and Republicans. ” He added, “We’ll see that on display next week. ” Ms. Feinstein was elected to the Senate in 1992, in the wake of the Clarence Thomas hearings, which underscored the maleness of the Judiciary Committee. Joseph R. Biden Jr. then a senator, asked Ms. Feinstein and Senator Carol Moseley Braun of Illinois to be barrier breakers on the panel. “I took that to be a very big honor,” Ms. Feinstein said. Ms. Feinstein’s particular place among senior female senators can be viewed at times through the prism of the issues she champions. During a debate over language concerning abortion in a 2015 human trafficking bill, Ms. Feinstein took to the Senate floor to extemporaneously and passionately explain her position. Saying that women had experienced “loss after loss” on abortion rights, she said, “I am old enough to have seen the way it was before, to have sentenced women who committed illegal abortions with coat hangers. ” Her position can also be seen when she feels the sting of condescension. In 2013, during a hearing on gun control, she famously sparred with Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, as he lectured her about the Constitution. “I’m not a sixth grader, senator,” she told Mr. Cruz, then a Senate newcomer. “I’ve been on this committee for 20 years. ” Former Representative Ellen Tauscher, Democrat of California and a longtime friend of Ms. Feinstein’s, said, “I do think that women do quickly calibrate where we are going to find a navigation problem. ” She added, “She is now the senior woman senator, and she takes that very seriously. ” Mr. Grassley sees his role similarly and does not consider the absence of a law degree an inherent liability. “I don’t know the nuances of everything that lawyers talk about,” he said. “But I do think you pick up an appreciation for the law and how to approach the law and some vague understanding of constitutional law. ” He added, “I’d probably feel more comfortable if I were a lawyer, but I am telling you, as a farmer, I feel comfortable. ” Ms. Feinstein has been spending weekends poring over thick binders of Judge Gorsuch’s decisions, discussing them with her daughter, a retired Superior Court judge. “I think I have a good sense of him,” the senator said. Mr. Grassley said he had relied more on staff briefings and secondary sources about Judge Gorsuch’s record. “The guy is so precise,” he said. “I suppose because he’s an intellect and partly because it’s legal and me not being a lawyer, I found looking at some of his cases kind of difficult to get through. ” Ms. Feinstein said she appreciated Mr. Grassley’s candor. “He tells you exactly what he thinks,” she said. “Some people are full of artifice, and you never get to what they think. Also, he is a very good man. ”",0
8477,Sean Spicer Appeals to Conservatives on Ryancare: This Is Your Chance - Breitbart,"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday appealed to conservatives to back the Obamacare replacement bill, after several changes were made. [“Keep in mind if you are a conservative who has been fighting for repeal and replace, this is your chance,” he said at the White House briefing.  He also warned that Republicans who promised health care reform but did not back the bill would “probably pay a price at home. ” “I think there’s going to be a price to be paid. But it’s going to be with their own voters, and they’re going to have to go back and explain to them why they made a commitment to them, and then didn’t follow through,” he said. The bill is scheduled for a vote in the House on Thursday, but House Freedom Caucus members say the new changes to the bill don’t go far enough, and they remain opposed to the bill. “At this time, the bill does not have the votes to pass,” Freedom Caucus Communications director Alyssa Farah told Breitbart News on Monday evening, after the new changes were announced. House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) needs 216 votes for the bill. If 22 Republicans defect, the bill fails. The new changes included a   for those receiving Medicaid, struck out abortion tax credits, and set rules that would make it more difficult for New York State to shift New York City’s Medicaid’s costs onto the rest of the state. The House Freedom Caucus rejected the changes as too little, too late. They want complete repeal of Obamacare. President Trump went to the Capitol Tuesday morning to convince skeptical members to support the bill, and plans on talking to more members on Wednesday. He was reported to have threatened members voting against the bill with primary challenges, but Spicer did not confirm those reports. “Let’s get through the vote,” he said. “I think one of the things that he made clear this morning was that he was going to make sure that the people who did support this, he would be out there supporting them. And so I’m not going to focus on the negative as much as the positive today. ” Spicer characterized the bill as keeping a promise to voters. “And this bill, while probably not everybody got everything they wanted, does exactly what we said. It’s repealing it and replacing it with all of the principles and the aspects that we discussed throughout not only last cycle, but in a lot of these cases back to 2010,” Spicer said.",0
8478,Nintendo Switch Won’t Support Video Streaming Apps at Launch - Breitbart,"A few more details have dribbled out about the launch of the Nintendo Switch, notably that it won’t support Netflix, Hulu, or any similar video streaming services when it launches. [The company is considering adding the functionality in “a future update,” but stated that for the time being, “all of our efforts have gone toward making the Nintendo Switch system an amazing dedicated video game platform. ”  It also won’t support any Wii or Wii U controllers, but Nintendo may “consider” support for “certain controllers. ” And even though   and StreetPass  —   seemingly obvious draws to a console touting its hybrid portability  —   are being pruned from Nintendo’s now      approach to online service, the Mii Maker lives on, buried in the Switch’s system settings. Up to eight user accounts can be created on the console, with   eShop access tied to the location of the account. It’s unclear how this interacts with the console’s lack of internal  . Nintendo has “nothing to announce” regarding whether existing eShop purchases will transfer to the new console, or whether accounts from prior consoles will carry over at all. After the divisive recent debut of the console, we’re still waiting to see whether consumers are as excited about the system as Nintendo hopes they are. Judging by the   preorders, it looks like nostalgia may have won the day once again. A successful console launch is always good news for the industry at large, so hopefully Nintendo doesn’t squander the good will of its faithful customers. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both.",0
8479,Best UFO Compilation Video Ever!,"Best UFO Compilation Video Ever! # MaxIsFast 23 
UFO sightings have been increasing lately in the past months and probably going to increase in the near future. In this UFO compilation you are going to witness the best UFO sightings that is going to make you say WOW! Haven't seen a fake UFO sighting or any man made craft mistaken as an alien craft. What you are going to watch is 100% REAL UFO SIGHTINGS! Hope you guys enjoy! Tags",0
8480,NASA’s Juno Spacecraft Enters Into Orbit Around Jupiter - The New York Times,"Ducking through intense belts of violent radiation as it skimmed over the clouds of Jupiter at 130, 000 miles per hour, NASA’s Juno spacecraft on Monday clinched its spot around the solar system’s largest planet. It took five years for Juno to travel this far on its $1. 1 billion mission, and the moment was one that NASA scientists and space enthusiasts had eagerly  —   and anxiously  —   anticipated. At 11:53 p. m. Eastern time, a signal from the spacecraft announced the end of a   engine burn that left it in the grip of its desired orbit around Jupiter. Cheers and clapping erupted at the mission operations center at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, in Pasadena, Calif. which is managing Juno. “This is the hardest thing NASA has ever done,” Scott Bolton, Juno’s principal investigator, told the mission team a few minutes later. “That’s my claim. ” Status messages for each maneuver of the spacecraft came in as expected. The length of the engine firing turned out to be within one second of what had been predicted. Diane Brown, the program executive for Juno at NASA headquarters, described the performance as flawless. “To know we can all go to bed tonight, not worrying about what’s going to happen tomorrow, it’s pretty awesome,” she said at a news conference. Rick Nybakken, Juno’s project manager, held up a sheaf of papers as he celebrated the smooth execution of the maneuver. “We prepared a contingency communications procedure, and guess what?” he said, ripping the papers. “We don’t need that anymore. ” Juno is just the second spacecraft to enter orbit around Jupiter. NASA’s Galileo spacecraft spent eight years there surveying the planet and its many moons. But except for a probe that parachuted into Jupiter’s atmosphere, Galileo did not have the tools that Juno does to delve into what lies beneath Jupiter’s clouds. “We have a chance with Juno to go back and study the planet in its own right,” James L. Green, the director of planetary science at NASA, said during a news conference earlier on Monday. Jupiter, most likely the first planet formed after the sun, is believed to hold the keys to understanding the origins of our solar system. How much water it contains and the possible presence of a rocky core could reveal where in the solar system Jupiter was created and provide clues to the early days of other planets. Juno’s instruments are designed to precisely measure the magnetic and gravitational fields of Jupiter and the glow of microwaves emanating from within. That, for instance, will give hints about storm systems like the visible Great Red Spot, which has persisted for centuries, although it has been shrinking. “Juno is really searching for some hints about our beginnings, how everything started,” Dr. Bolton said. “But these secrets are pretty well guarded by Jupiter. ” Dr. Bolton repeatedly described Jupiter as “a planet on steroids” in discussing the unprecedented dangers Juno faced Monday night. Ensnared by Jupiter’s gravity, Juno accelerated quickly to its rendezvous with the planet, passing within the orbit of Callisto and Ganymede, two of the main moons, on Sunday. It zoomed past the other two, Europa and Io, on Monday. Juno has been on its own since Thursday, performing a programmed sequence of actions. Around 10:30 p. m. on Monday, Juno passed over Jupiter’s north pole and through a region that Heidi Becker, the leader of Juno’s radiation monitoring team, described as “the scariest part of the scariest place. ” In this belt of radiation, electrons bouncing back and forth at nearly the speed of light could have knocked out the computer and other electronics. “They will go right through a spacecraft and strip the atoms apart inside your electronics and fry your brain if you don’t do anything about it,” Dr. Becker said. But a titanium vault built for Juno proved up to the task of shielding its crucial systems. At 11:18 p. m. Juno’s main engine began firing to slow the spacecraft enough to be captured by the planet’s gravity. Juno also passed through the plane of Jupiter’s diaphanous rings. Although the mission planners had chosen a place that they thought would be clear, they could not be certain, and even a piece of dust colliding with a spacecraft moving at 130, 000 m. p. h. could have caused considerable damage. Juno traveled within 2, 900 miles of Jupiter’s cloud tops, passing through almost the exact spot that the navigators had aimed for after its 1.   voyage. “Isn’t that incredible?” Mr. Nybakken said. Then Juno headed outward again, away from Jupiter. After the end of the engine burn, the spacecraft pivoted so that its solar panels were again facing the sun. Sunlight at Jupiter is one   as bright as at Earth, and Juno’s three    panels with 18, 698 solar cells generate a mere 500 watts to power the spacecraft and its instruments. “Now the fun begins, with science,” Dr. Bolton said. For now, Juno is on a   orbit. Its scientific instruments, which had been turned off for the arrival at Jupiter, will be turned back on in two days. On Aug. 27, it will swing back for its first good   look at Jupiter. Juno will fire its engine again on Oct. 19 to move to a   orbit, when the science measurements begin in earnest. The spacecraft will have to make multiple flybys, Dr. Bolton said, before the scientists will be able to start answering questions like whether there is a rocky core at the center of Jupiter. “We’ll be hesitant to guessing the wrong answer until we see more information,” Dr. Bolton said. With a different vantage point from Juno’s polar orbit, the spacecraft’s cameras are likely to add to the number of known moons of Jupiter, now 67. “I expect that we will see some, and the number will keep going up,” Dr. Bolton said. The assault of radiation each time Juno zooms past Jupiter will take its toll on the electronics. As the mission progresses, the orientation of the orbits will pivot, and Juno will pass through the more violent portions of the radiation belts. On the 37th orbit, scheduled for Feb. 20, 2018, Juno is to make a suicidal dive into Jupiter, ending the mission, the same way that the Galileo spacecraft was disposed of in 2003. That is to ensure that there would be no possibility of Juno’s crashing into Europa, regarded as one of the likelier places for life elsewhere in the solar system, and contaminating it with microbial hitchhikers from Earth. Even in the best outcome, the mission might be extended a few months.",0
8482,The Who’s Roger Daltrey: Brexit the ’Right Thing for this Country’,"Roger Daltrey, founder and lead singer of the English rock band The Who, reiterated his support for Britain’s independence from the European Union in an interview this week. [The United Kingdom officially filed to leave the European Union on Wednesday, and the   rocker says he supports Brexit because a “majority of this country felt that their voices weren’t being heard. ”  “We are getting out, and when the dust settles I think that it’ll be seen that it’s the right thing for this country to have done, that’s for sure,” Daltrey told NME. “I am not   but I am anti the present way we are being governed in Europe,” Daltrey explained “It’s got nothing to do with any of the immigration issues or any of that for me. It was to do with much more. The majority of this country felt that their voices weren’t being heard. It would have been nice to do a deal with Europe but they didn’t want to do a deal, and they sent Cameron back with a bag. ” He added: “I’m sad we voted how we voted, but I think we have to go with it now. This country will always be alright, I don’t worry about it. You know it’s going to be bumpy on the way —  we expected that the ones that voted to get out. But Iceland had it a bit bumpy when they went bankrupt, but oh not now. ” Daltrey previously expressed support for Brexit in May, saying the European Union was “set up by a bunch of crooks” and was “undemocratic” and “highly dysfunctional. ” When it comes to U. S. politics and the 2016 presidential election, the “My Generation” singer said he believes “a dead dog could have beaten” Democratic contender Hillary Clinton. “On other pieces of politics, let’s put it this way: when you say that middle America and the Democrats lost it, but Trump didn’t really win it because Democrats threw it away by putting [Hilary Clinton] up,” Daltrey told NME. “A dead dog would have won it against [her] look at that. ” The   also took a shot at Trump’s hair and language: “He needs it cut and as my mother would say, ‘wash your f*cking mouth out. ’”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
8483,Diplomatic Deal With Turkey Upsets Israelis Wary of Conceding Too Much - The New York Times,"JERUSALEM  —   As Israeli and Turkish leaders announced the formal resumption of full diplomatic relations after a   fissure, the front page of the popular Hebrew newspaper Yediot Aharonot summed up the predicament for many Israelis: “Reconciliation or surrender. ” Critics of the deal asked why Israel agreed to pay about $20 million in compensation to the families of 10   activists who were killed during a 2010 raid by Israeli naval commandos after they met violent resistance aboard a Turkish passenger vessel as it tried to breach Israel’s blockade of the Gaza Strip. That episode set off the diplomatic crisis between the   regional allies, and paying compensation was a capitulation, the critics argued. Many Israelis also questioned what they called the “gifts to Hamas,” the Islamic militant group that controls Gaza. They were referring to the humanitarian aid that Turkey plans to deliver to the Palestinian coastal enclave under the deal, and the promise of new residential buildings, a   hospital and infrastructure projects. Such aid chafed Israeli sensibilities because the deal did not provide for the return of the remains of two Israeli soldiers being held by Hamas, or the release of two Israeli civilians who are believed to be held captive in Gaza. As Turkish officials hailed the deal as a diplomatic victory, rivals of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel from the left and right called him to task. Gideon Saar, a former minister from Mr. Netanyahu’s conservative Likud Party, described the compensation as “a national humiliation. ” Isaac Herzog, the leader of the   Zionist Union, called it “incomprehensible,” and criticized what he called the “indifference and disregard” shown toward the families of those missing in Gaza. At a lunchtime news conference in Rome, where the negotiations were concluded over the weekend, Mr. Netanyahu defended the deal, saying that it was “of strategic importance to Israel,” and that it helped ensure security and regional stability and could bolster the Israeli economy. “The world is in turmoil, the Middle East is in turmoil and my policy is to create centers of stability in this unstable and stormy region,” he said in remarks broadcast live on Israeli television. The deal, Mr. Netanyahu said, will protect Israeli commanders and soldiers from criminal and civil claims by the Turkish government and victims, and it will allow Israel to maintain its naval blockade of Hamas in Gaza despite a Turkish demand for it to be removed. Turkey agreed to deliver goods for Gaza through the Israeli port of Ashdod. In addition, he said, the deal provided an opening for lucrative projects like the marketing of Israel’s natural gas reserves to Turkey, and via Turkey to Europe. Mr. Netanyahu said that he could “withstand this criticism” of those who complained of humiliation and the abandonment of those missing in Gaza, adding, “I understand the suffering of the families. ” In Ankara, the Turkish prime minister, Binali Yildirim, said, “Normalization covers a variety of areas, but economic relations and regional cooperation will take place first. ” He said that a ship carrying 10, 000 tons of humanitarian aid bound for Gaza would leave for Ashdod on Friday. Secretary of State John Kerry, who met with Mr. Netanyahu in Rome on Sunday and Monday, said that Washington had encouraged the reconciliation between Israel and Turkey, two important allies of the United States. “This is a step we wanted to see happen,” Mr. Kerry said. The deal comes as Israel and Turkey face tough challenges stemming from the meltdown of Syria and other states in the region. “Renormalization of the relationship is more about security than energy,” said Brenda Shaffer, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council research institute’s Global Energy Center in Washington. Ben Caspit, an Israeli political columnist at the Maariv newspaper, wrote, “In the end, an agreement was reached with Turkey because it had to be reached. ” Experts said they did not anticipate a return to the intimate alliance of past decades, when the navies of Israel, Turkey and the United States carried out joint exercises in the Mediterranean, and Israeli fighter jets trained in Turkish airspace. In Gaza, there was a sense that the deal offered some hope but fell short of what Hamas wanted. “They might not have lifted the blockade on Gaza, but at least they will ease restrictions,” said Ahmed Yousef, an adviser to the Hamas leader Ismail Haniya. For many Israelis, who have fond memories of vacations at Turkey’s coastal resorts, which attracted up to half a million Israeli tourists a year before the diplomatic rift, the fallout from the diplomatic deal was more emotional. Tzur Goldin, the twin brother of Second Lt. Hadar Goldin, who was killed in an ambush during the 2014 war in Gaza and whose remains have not been returned, said that Mr. Netanyahu had promised the family that any negotiations concerning Gaza would include the return of the remains of the two soldiers. The family of the second soldier killed in a different battle during the war in Gaza, Staff Sgt. Oron Shaul, set up a protest tent outside Mr. Netanyahu’s official residence in Jerusalem. “Two years is enough time to show progress,” said Racheli Gazit, a cousin of Sergeant Shaul, as she handed out stickers bearing the soldier’s picture and got   to sign a petition. Of the deal, she said, “This is going backward. ”",0
8484,"Exceptional nation: Over half of Americans have at least one chronic health condition, mental disorder or substance-use issue","Tue, 25 Oct 2016 00:28 UTC With the future of US healthcare likely to rest on the next presidency, a new study from Psychology, Health & Medicine highlights just how complex the medical needs of many Americans now are. As the authors of the study, Elizabeth Lee Reisinger Walker and Benjamin G. Druss, observe: ""The health of individuals in the U.S.A. is increasingly being defined by complexity and multimorbidity , the co-occurrence of two or more chronic medical conditions."" Given the medical and socio-economic difficulties often faced by people with mental illness, and the lack of research into the other medical conditions they might suffer from, the authors set out to discover, using publicly available data, what proportion of US adults experience each combination of mental illness, substance abuse/dependence and chronic mental conditions. They also investigated how those combinations of conditions were related to poverty. They found that overall, 18.4% of adults had a mental illness in the past year, and 8.6% reported substance abuse/dependence during the same time. Nearly 40% had one or more chronic medical conditions in their lifetimes, and 14.7% were living in poverty. Compared to individuals without any condition, adults with one condition (any mental illness [AMI], substance abuse/dependence or chronic conditions) reported higher percentages of living in poverty, receiving government assistance, having less than a high-school education, being unemployed, and having no health insurance. When looked at together, 6.4% of individuals reported AMI and chronic conditions, 2.2% reported AMI and substance abuse/dependence, 1.5% reported substance abuse/dependence and chronic medical conditions, and 1.2% -- equivalent to 2.2 million people -- reported all three conditions. The association between mental illness and substance abuse is also laid bare by the study: people with AMI were over three times more likely to report substance abuse/dependence, almost 1.5 times more likely to have a chronic medical condition, and 1.2 times more likely to live in poverty. As Elizabeth Lee Reisinger Walker commented on the research last week: ""Just over half of adults in the US have one or more chronic condition, mental disorder, or dependence on substances. These conditions commonly overlap with each other and with poverty, which contributes to poor health."" The pair conclude that improving the health of people with multimorbidities will involve increased access to and coordination between a variety of services. As they observe: ""Collaborative care models are effective in treating mental illnesses in primary care and providing primary care in specialty mental health settings."" Walker concludes: ""In order to promote overall health, it is important to consider all of a person's health conditions along with poverty and other social factors."" But what the future holds for the 50% of Americans suffering from multiple health challenges remains to be seen. Journal Reference: Elizabeth Reisinger Walker, Benjamin G. Druss. Cumulative burden of comorbid mental disorders, substance use disorders, chronic medical conditions, and poverty on health among adults in the U.S.A.. Psychology, Health & Medicine, 2016; 1 DOI: 10.1080/13548506.2016.1227855",0
8486,An Alt-Right Makeover Shrouds the Swastikas - The New York Times,"A small but determined political organization in Detroit began to worry that its official symbol was a bit  . With the group’s central philosophy suddenly finding traction in the daily discourse, appearances mattered. So in November, as the country’s divisive presidential campaign became ever more jagged, the National Socialist Movement, a leading   group, did away with its swastika. In its stead, the group chose a symbol from a   alphabet that was also adopted by the Nazis. According to Jeff Schoep, the movement’s leader, the decision to dispense with the swastika was “an attempt to become more integrated and more mainstream. ” Let us pause. Not even two years ago, white supremacists like Mr. Schoep would rant from the fringe of the fringe, their   events rarely worth mention. Today, though, the Schoeps of America are undergoing a rebranding, as part of the    : a grab bag of   groups generally united by the belief that white identity has become endangered in what they deride as this era of dangerous diversity and political correctness. The deceptively benign phrase “ ” now peppers the national conversation, often in ways that play down its fundamental beliefs, which have long been considered intolerant and hateful. The term’s recent prevalence corresponds with the rise of   Donald J. Trump   leaders say his inflammatory statements and Twitter habits in the campaign energized, even validated, their movement. The movement is also acutely   seeing the burning crosses, swastikas and language of yesteryear as impediments to recruitment. Its adherents talk of “getting ” a reference to the movie “The Matrix,” in which the protagonist ingests a tablet that melts away artifice to reveal the truth. New, coded slurs have emerged. Fewer pointed hoods, more khaki pants. But the   movement is hardly monolithic, despite a   gathering last month in Washington  —   one that might have been mistaken for just another corporate conference were it not for the   sentiments and the Nazi salutes. The factions within its ranks can differ on any number of subjects: white supremacy versus white nationalism, for example, or the vexing “J. Q. ”  —   the “Jewish Question. ” James Edwards, a   talk radio host who describes himself as a “  advocate”  —   and who interviewed the  ’s son Donald Trump Jr. this year  —   wrote in an email that the   movement was “a group of marauding conservatives who reject both the failures of establishment conservatism and the false gods of political correctness. ” Race is the uniting factor, Mr. Edwards wrote. “One fundamental element of the   that brings the disparate factions together is the awareness of the reality of race and the need for European Americans to have organizations and spokespeople that explicitly advocate for our unique group interests. ” For many years, the    gaggle now called the   existed in the shadowed alleys of American culture, sharing views through newsletters, online radio and crude websites. The news media often debated whether to cover their sparsely attended rallies, considering that any attention might grant the groups a veneer of legitimacy. Andrew Anglin, the founder of the     website The Daily Stormer, described the current moment in a recent essay as “a reboot of the White Nationalist movement”  —   one infused with youthful energy. The foot soldiers of the movement are not old white supremacists marching under a new banner, Mr. Anglin explained, but a mostly younger generation drawn from various online cultures, including conspiracy theorists and that misogynistic stratum of the internet known as the “manosphere. ” Then came Mr. Trump, whose opening gambit as a presidential candidate included his promise to build a wall to keep out Mexican immigrants, whom he called rapists and criminals. The   raised its collective head to listen. “I’d been waiting to hear those words from a mainstream political candidate all my life,” said Gerald Martin, a retired   teacher from Dallas who grew up in a family that opposed desegregation. He is a veteran of both the Army and a number of white supremacist movements, and   the likes of William Luther Pierce III, a white supremacist who wrote “The Turner Diaries,” a novel about an underground band of white Americans who fight a   government controlled by Jews. Before the Trump candidacy, Mr. Martin said, few in the   were talking about politics the movement was more about winning the battle of ideas. But once Mr. Trump began to talk, he said, “suddenly we’re all talking politics and we’re politically energized. ” “We’re almost intoxicated,” Mr. Martin continued. “We don’t have any power  —   but now we’re close enough to smell it. ” Perhaps in another age, any candidate’s engagement with white supremacists and separatists would have resulted in an awkward news conference announcing the end of his campaign. But this is a new age, in which Mr. Trump went unscathed for engaging with Twitter users like WhiteGenocideTM, who listed his location as “Jewmerica” and used an image of the founder of the American Nazi Party as his Twitter profile’s photograph. Mr. Trump brushed off his sharing of   messages on social media as inconsequential  —   the sort of thing that just happens on Twitter. He also denied at one point the existence of any   movement. “Nobody even knows what it is,” he told CNN in August. “This is a term that was just given that  —   frankly, there’s no   or  . ” As if to clarify matters, members of the   movement gathered in Washington about two weeks after Mr. Trump’s election for a conference sponsored by the National Policy Institute, an organization that describes itself as being “dedicated to the heritage, identity and future of people of European descent. ” Its president, Richard B. Spencer, 38, is a prominent   leader who wears his brown hair in an undercut style once popular among the Hitler Youth. It’s called a “fashy,” as in fascist. Mr. Spencer said in an interview that as he saw it, the principles of American conservatism throughout most of the 20th century had been wrongly defined within the context of capitalism and its ideological battle with communism. The matter of European identity, he said, was assumed, but never stated outright. “Race is real,” he said. “Race matters. Race is the foundation of identity. ” Not everyone in the movement appreciated the moment at the end of the conference when some in the audience raised stiffened arms, echoing the Nazi salute. Discussions afterward reflected the divisions in the loosely aligned ranks, as well as an acute awareness of public perception and the need to make their messages somehow more palatable. Paul Ramsey, a blogger and retired computer programmer in Oklahoma, generally follows an   ideology, though he said he did not believe in a white  . He said he had long feared a hijacking of the movement by the “  . K. K. element,” which would lead to vilification and a relegation back to the fringe. Those salutes confirmed his fears, Mr. Ramsey said, and he is now disassociating from the   movement, even though he understands that Mr. Spencer may believe in a       philosophy. “The new Nazism is very demonized and toxic, and associating your brand with that is crazy,” he said. Mr. Martin, the retired teacher, who attended the conference, also didn’t care for the   salutes, calling them “very foolish. ” But he suggested that most of those raising their arms were using the salute as “their version of the middle finger”  —   a defiant gesture “to the media, to the Trump haters, to everybody they feel alienated from. ” Indeed, the movement has the feel of a dispossessed youth rising up. Hours of interviews with young   leaders suggest a pattern toward their   radicalization. Seeing domestic and global strife often rooted in racial and ethnic differences. Finding validation from   people on the internet. Hearing a major presidential candidate echo their grievances. “The political establishment has made an entire generation of young white men and women into fascists, and that’s a beautiful thing!” said Matthew Heimbach, 25, who runs the Traditionalist Worker Party out of his trailer in Indiana. His group advocates replacing the United States with   based on races, ethnicities and religions. In Northern California, a university student, felon and Marine veteran, Nathan Damigo, oversees a group called Identity Evropa, which he described as a “fraternity” of mostly young,   men who celebrate European heritage  —   that is, an embrace of white identity and a rejection of multicultural coexistence. Ever conscious of the importance of marketing, Mr. Damigo, 30, pointed out that Identity Evropa’s website “looks completely mainstreamed. ” And it does, featuring men in business suits who also happen to be sporting the Hitler   haircut. But for all the fresh approaches  —   the slick marketing, the internet savviness  —   the message remains the same. It is one of separation, of supremacy, of a refusal to recognize the equal worth of others who do not have the same skin tone or share the same religion. The ascension of the   has lifted some familiar names from the muck of the past, including David Duke, the white nationalist, Holocaust denier and former Louisiana state representative whose national profile has been resurrected. When a reporter telephoned him recently to discuss the   movement, Mr. Duke wasted little time with a question of his own: “Are you Jewish?”",0
8487,Anonymous Online Vigilante Group Helps Jail a Pedophile,"An online vigilante group in the United Kingdom, the Internet Interceptors, has helped the law deal with a 33-year-old pedophile who was planning to lure a 14-year-old girl to have sex with him in north London. The pedophile, Richard Ganyata, is said to be a Rugby player at Saracens Amateur RFC. It’s thought that he had met the underage 14-year-old girl online, proposing to have sex with her at his residence.
In a video chat with the supposed underage girl, Ganyata claimed to be 23-years-old. He told the girl that he lived at the club house of his rugby team. He then proposed that the girl visit him for sex, instructing the girl that if she arrives at the club house, she should pretend she was just his little sister’s friend.
He also told the girl how he planned to lay with her on the sofa, describing in detail what he would do to her during sex. The positive response from the girl excited Ganyata, who was looking forward to having a good time with the underage girl.
But unbeknownst to the pedophile, he had spoken to members of the Internet Interceptors instead – the team who dedicate their time to hunting down pedophiles on the Internet.
When the day came for the pedophile to meet the girl as planned, he went to pick her up, but rather than meet with her, he was confronted by members of the Internet Interceptors, who immediately called the police. The vigilante group filmed their meeting with the pedophile on camera.
A member of the group asked the pedophile: “You’re here to meet a 14-year-girl aren’t you, Richard?”
He replied: “I wasn’t really sure about it.”",0
8488,A Subdued Vladimir Putin Calls for ‘Mutually Beneficial’ Ties With U.S. - The New York Times,"MOSCOW  —   After the outpouring of euphoria among Russia’s political elite over the victory of Donald J. Trump, President Vladimir V. Putin on Thursday gave a more measured response in his annual address to the nation, calling for cooperation but expressing misgivings over some of Mr. Trump’s statements about nuclear weapons. The Russian leader appeared remarkably subdued at what was widely seen as a moment of triumph for him, with his popularity rising on a cresting wave of   and often   populism in Europe and America. Speaking to an audience of political and economic barons in the ornate St. George’s Hall of the Great Kremlin Palace, Mr. Putin praised his compatriots for rallying around “patriotic values” and, counterintuitively, for eschewing the lure of populism. He lamented that around the world, “even in the most seemingly affluent countries and stable regions, more and more fractures and conflicts on political, ethnic, religious and social grounds are rising. ” Those remarks had to surprise Western officials who have frequently accused the Kremlin of stirring up and supporting precisely those   forces so as to sow disorder and weaken liberal democracies. Germany’s foreign intelligence chief, Bruno Kahl, warned in an interview published on Tuesday that Russia, seeking to create “political uncertainty,” was bombarding his country with disinformation before elections next year. Mr. Putin did not mention Mr. Trump by name, saying only that Russia wanted to work with the incoming administration “to normalize and begin to develop bilateral relations on an equal and mutually beneficial basis. ” His comments largely reprised the message he gave Mr. Trump in a telephone call soon after the Nov. 8 election, when both men agreed that something needed to be done to improve “the absolutely unsatisfactory state of bilateral relations. ” In a departure from his speeches in recent years, Mr. Putin avoided sarcastic or downright angry comments about the United States. But he also made clear that Russia demanded to be treated as a global power, not the “regional power” that Mr. Obama described it as in 2014, infuriating Moscow. “We have a joint responsibility for the provision of international security and stability, for the strengthening of   regimes,” Mr. Putin said, referring to efforts to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons. During the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump suggested that more countries should acquire nuclear weapons so that they can defend themselves without Washington’s help. He also threatened to dismantle the international agreement that limits Iran’s nuclear program. In another apparent reference to Mr. Trump’s campaign statements on nuclear weapons policy, which included assertions that the American arsenal had “fallen way behind” Russia’s and needed to catch up, Mr. Putin warned against any attempt by Washington to disrupt what he called the balance of nuclear firepower between the two countries. “I would like to emphasize that attempts to break strategic parity are extremely dangerous and can lead to a global catastrophe,” Mr. Putin said. “This must not be forgotten for a single second. ” Mr. Putin’s mixing of pointed reminders of Russia’s status as a nuclear power with a measured expression of hope for an end to the current deep chill in relations with Washington contrasted sharply with the unalloyed glee expressed by many Russian politicians and commentators after Mr. Trump’s election victory. In the   to the election,   news outlets cast Hillary Clinton as a Russophobic hawk and warmonger while Mr. Trump was presented as the candidate who would bring a new and sunny dawn to relations between Washington and Moscow. Syria and the importance of fighting Islamic extremism are areas in which Mr. Putin’s interests and Mr. Trump’s statements seem to coincide. Mr. Putin, who has repeatedly accused the Obama administration of mollycoddling extremists, said the United States needed to focus on “a real rather than   threat” and join Russia in fighting international terrorism. The “ ” threat seemed to refer to fear in Washington and many European capitals that Russia has become a menace to security since it seized Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 and supported   separatists in eastern Ukraine. Ignoring American efforts to destroy the Islamic State, Mr. Putin said the problem of international terrorism “is being solved by our servicemen in Syria,” where Russian warplanes have helped President Bashar   regain control of large sections of Aleppo, once Syria’s biggest city, from rebels, some of whom are supported by the United States. A new foreign policy doctrine signed by Mr. Putin on Thursday underscored the problems with Russia’s relations with the West and set a high bar for any swift easing of tensions. The doctrine, a summary of how Moscow sees the world and what it wants, stressed the gravity of “the serious crisis between Russia and the West” and blamed this on “geopolitical expansion” by NATO and the European Union. It said Russia and the United States could work together only on the basis of “equality, mutual respect for interests and noninterference in the internal affairs of each other. ” Insisting that Russia does “not accept any attempts to organize pressure, either military, political, economic or of any other kind,” the policy doctrine said Moscow “reserves the right to react hard to unfriendly actions, including through the strengthening of national defense and the taking of reciprocal or asymmetrical measures. ” Most of Mr. Putin’s hourlong speech, however, was devoted to domestic issues, not foreign relations. He acknowledged that two years of economic decline had brought great hardship but insisted this had only made the country stronger, and he focused on sectors of the economy that he said have done well, like agriculture and  . While proposing no significant reforms to revive Russia’s sluggish economy  —   which shrank by 3. 7 percent last year and has contracted further this year, though at a much slower pace  —   Mr. Putin said he had ordered the government to work out a “substantive action plan” to ensure that Russia achieves higher growth rates than elsewhere by 2020 and elevates its position in the global economy. Russia’s economy ranks around 13th in the world, on the basis of its gross domestic product, behind countries like Australia, Canada and South Korea What shape such an economic development plan might take has been the object of bitter feuding between more liberal members of the government, who favor privatization, and those who want the state to keep control of crucial industries. The liberal camp suffered a major setback earlier this month with the   arrest on murky corruption charges of one of the country’s main economic policy makers, Aleksei Ulyukaev, a liberal stalwart who had served until his arrest as minister of economic development. Mr. Putin said parliamentary elections in Russia in September, which delivered a resounding victory to his United Russia party, had “proven that we live in a healthy society that is confident in its fair demands, in which immunity to populism and demagoguery is growing stronger and the importance of mutual support, solidarity and unity are highly valued. ”",0
8489,Prepare Yourself For The Higher Energies,"Leave a reply 
Dylan Harper – Everything and everyone is composed of Energy. This energy allows the Spiritual realm to have contact with you. It is important to take responsibility for your personal vibration, raising it so you may meet with the universal energies and receive communication directly from your Higher self , the Angels and Ascended Masters, and other Light Beings. 
The higher your personal vibration, the easier it is for the Spiritual realm to make contact with you. The Angels, Ascended Masters and Other Light Beings vibrate at a much higher vibration than Humans. 
To make contact on a more regular basis, you must raise your personal vibration. This can be done in a number of ways. 
Meditation is a common way of raising your vibration. You are able to raise your vibration by bringing your attention to your thoughts. The purer the thoughts the higher your vibration. So remove all negative thought patterns and replace them with positive thoughts. 
Practice of this exercise is all that is needed, then it will become second nature and you will notice other things within your life change as your create a stronger more purer vibration within your energy field. 
You will only attract vibrations to your energy field that are of the same resonance. 
Exercise is another way to raise your vibration. Not only does exercise create a healthy body, it creates a healthy mind. When you exercise, your body releases feel good endorphines, when you feel good, you raise your vibration. 
Find some activity that makes you feel good and go for it. 
Eat good quality food and drink pure water, what you put into your body will also affect your energy , so treat yourself kindly. 
Being with friends and those that make us feel Loved and appreciated will also help raise our vibration. Surround yourself with loving friends and family. You can create a spiritual family who will help you and support your vibrational evolution. 
We have been taught that we need to raise our awareness up toward the Heavens for ascension . It is my belief, that we need to raise our personal vibration to resonate with the vibration of our Higher self. 
Once we have reached this point of unison, we must then bring our Higher self closer to the Earth. Bringing Heaven to Earth. This will bring a vibration of purity closer to Earth and help her raise her vibration in preparation for the cosmic shift. 
We all have an important role to play here. We can all start raising our personal vibration so we are able to unite our physical energies with our Higher self’s energies, thus creating Heaven on Earth. 
In order for this to be successful, We must strenghten our Lower three chakras to help anchor the higher vibrations . 
Earthly activities are important. Remember to be in the present moment as this helps to strenghten the lower three chakras. 
Dance, Laugh, pay attention to the mundane activities that tie you to the Earthly experience. This will strenghthen your connection to these chakras. 
Imagine your Lower three Chakras as the Root system to a very Large tree. 
The stronger the root system, the stronger the tree. Like the tree, the roots stabilize the tree so it may grow strong and healthy. 
The root system is equally as large underground as is the tree and its folage above ground. This is a great way to image your chakra system. 
The Lower three chakras are the roots to your tree, the heart chakra is the midpoint, the joining of the energies, and the upper three chakras are your tree trunk, branches and folage. How strong is the root system to your tree? 
Give yourself permission to engage in activities to help strengthen your connection to these vital chakras. 
Here is a little exercise to help anchor your Higher energies into Mother Earth. 
Sit on the Earth, place your hands firmly on the ground. Now take a moment to breath, connecting with rise and fall of your breath knowing as you breath, you are connecting with the universal breath. 
Now, have a sense of pulling the energy of the Universe down through your Crown Chakra. Bring this energy down through your brow chakra, then your throat chakra and feel it connect to your Heart chakra. 
Let this energy rest within your Heart charka for a moment. Now let the energies travel down through your arms and into your hands. Feel this energy build as a warmth or tingling sensation within your hands. 
Connect with Mother Earth and allow this energy to move through you and deep into Mother Earth. Feel this, see this, allow this exchange of energy from the universe through your hands to Mother Earth. 
As this energy is allowed to be transfered, say” I bless you and thank you, Our Beloved Mother Earth, in the name of All that is.” 
When you feel you are finished exchanging energies, bring your awareness back to your breath and allow the universal energies to return to their origin, knowing you can connect again at YOUR divine will. 
You will feel refreshed and energised as your energy is refined through the universal energy exchange. 
This exercise can be done on a daily, weekly or monthly basis. If on a monthly basis, I would suggest either on the full moon or the new moon. 
The more we connect with the universal energies and allow an exchange of energy between earth and the universe, the higher our personal vibration will become. The higher our personal vibration and the more intune with the universe we become, the greater the flow of Love and Harmony to humanity. SF Source Dreamcatcher Reality Nov. 2016 Share this:",0
8490,Trump in gender transition confusion,"November 18, 2016 
White House staff have been briefed to expect the President Elect, but Republican officials are yet to confirm if he will be arriving as Donald or his trans-identity – Juanita. So muddled has the process of transition been, that Mr. Trump has lost track of his election promises, his gender and his – already slim – grasp on reality. 
While transitions of any kind can be traumatic, the emergence of an orange Juanita may be one change too many for an electorate unready for a female President. A Trump spokeswoman remarked: ‘Voters are not binary. Choosing between competent candidates – they want a third bat-shit-crazy option, such as Donald – I mean Juanita. And if he/she/it wants to offer a third or even fourth gender, then so be it’. 
Of course this is not the first time a new President has tried to redefine themselves; who can forget George W. as Forest Gump Clinton as Pepe Le Pew or Obama as the Kenyan founder of ISIS. Trump offered a reassurance that he would be President for all, a First Lady for some and a Border Guard for about three million Latinos Share this story... 
Posted: Nov 18th, 2016 by NewsBiscuit Click for more article by NewsBiscuit .. More Stories about: News In Brief 0",0
8491,"Dallas, Euro 2016, Wimbledon: Your Weekend Briefing - The New York Times","Here are the week’s top stories, and a look ahead. 1. A retaliatory attack on white police officers shocked the nation and reshaped the anguished debate over race and criminal justice. A black Army veteran with a troubled history opened fire on officers patrolling a protest in Dallas against police shootings of black men in Louisiana and Minnesota. He killed five officers and wounded others in a standoff that ended only when the police sent an   robot to blow him up, a tactic of war. _____ 2. President Obama interrupted meetings with NATO leaders in Warsaw to condemn the attack on officers and try to bridge the national divide. “There is sorrow, there is anger, there is confusion about next steps,” he said. “But there is unity in recognizing that this is not how we want our communities to operate. This is not who we want to be as Americans. ” Some critics, like the executive director of the National Association of Police Organizations, accused his administration of appeasing violent criminals in ways that “led directly to the climate that has made Dallas possible. ” Mr. Obama is cutting his European trip short to head to Dallas early in the week and plans to invite activists, police officials and others to the White House to seek “constructive actions that are actually going to make a difference. ” _____ 3. The violence reverberated through the presidential campaign, but neither Donald Trump nor Hillary Clinton appeared to find a message that could unify the country. Above, Mrs. Clinton at an African Methodist Episcopal Church conference in Philadelphia. Earlier in the week, the focus was on the end of the federal investigation into Mrs. Clinton’s emails  —   which only deepened partisan wrangling and did little to improve her low ratings on trust. She may get a boost this week. Confidants of the Bernie Sanders campaign say he will endorse Mrs. Clinton on Tuesday. _____ 4. Mr. Trump’s running mate should be announced within days, and his list of speakers for the Republican National Convention is also expected. Even before the Dallas attack, his campaign had been suffering a tumultuous week. He angrily rejected accusations of  . And he unnerved fellow Republicans on multiple fronts, including by lashing out during meetings with congressional representatives, praising Saddam Hussein for “killing terrorists,” and declining to reject the idea that he might abdicate if he wins the presidential election. _____ 5. Surprisingly good news on health: Major diseases are inexplicably waning in the U. S. and other wealthy countries. Improved diagnosis and treatment cannot fully explain the plunge in overall rates of colon cancer, dementia, heart disease and hip fractures. Our science reporter writes, “The leading killers are still the leading killers  —   cancer, heart disease, stroke  —   but they are occurring later in life, and people in general are living longer in good health. ” _____ 6. In sports, it’s France versus Portugal for the Euro 2016 soccer title (3 p. m. Eastern, ESPN and streaming). Andy Murray prevailed over Milos Raonic to win his second Wimbledon title, and Serena Williams won the women’s final for a   22nd Grand Slam singles title. Lydia Ko is aiming for her third major title at the U. S. Open golf tournament. Coming: The M. L. B.   game on Tuesday and the British Open golf tournament on Thursday, with the American Zach Johnson as the defending champion. The most discussed sports story this week was the decision by Kevin Durant, a top N. B. A. scorer, to leave the Oklahoma City Thunder for the Golden State Warriors. One writer observed, “It’s hard not to see Silicon Valley triumphalism behind his decision to abandon the only professional team he has played for. ” _____ 7. Britain’s next prime minister will be a woman, though which  —   Theresa May, the home secretary, above, or Andrea Leadsom, the junior energy minister  —   won’t be decided until September. The two are the final candidates to take leadership of the Conservative Party after David Cameron, who opted to step aside following the country’s vote to withdraw from the European Union. Whoever wins will be the first woman to lead Britain since Margaret Thatcher, and could be an outsider among the current clique of leading personalities in the Brexit drama. _____ 8. The implications of the Brexit vote also hung over the NATO summit meeting in Warsaw, where President Obama sought to dismiss fears that the   alliance could similarly unravel. But fissures among the members were evident over how to handle Russian aggression in Eastern Europe, the migrant crisis and terrorism fears. _____ 9. A lawsuit accusing Roger Ailes, the powerful Fox News chairman, of gender discrimination and sexual harassment sent shock waves through the media world. Gretchen Carlson, a former Fox host, says she was forced out of the network after rebuffing Mr. Ailes’s sexual advances  —   allegations he denies. Regardless of the legal outcome, the lawsuit signals a big shift for a network whose commentators have often rebuked ideas of political correctness and feminism. _____ 10. “The Night Of,” a new   series, debuts tonight on HBO (9 p. m. Eastern, with repeats at 10:30 p. m. and midnight). The show, depicting a fictitious murder case in New York City, follows the template of procedurals like “Law  Order” but philosophically lines up more with   stories like the podcast “Serial. ” If you tune in, our critic has some advice: “Mind your armrests when you watch it all unfold you may clutch them right through the upholstery. ” Here is a rundown of the latest films. _____ 11. Finally, NASA scientists are jubilant over the possibility that the next 20 months could crack open the mystery of the origins of the solar system. NASA’s Juno space probe completed a   nearly 1.   voyage and entered into orbit around Jupiter, thought to be the oldest planet. That triumph is just the latest for the world’s space programs, which include missions to Mars, the moon, Saturn, and Venus. Here’s a selection of the action on the final frontier. And here on Earth, have a great week. _____ Karen Workman contributed reporting.  _____ Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Evening Briefing, weeknights at 6 p. m. Eastern. Want to look back? Here’s Friday’s Evening Briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
8492,The Clinton Syndrome,"By Stewart Dougherty: 
“ There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide.” – John Adams, 2 nd President of the United States of America The 2016 United States presidential race was never intended to be an election. Rather, it has been psychologically engineered from the beginning to be a for-profit overthrow of America by an increasingly powerful and predatory establishment cabal, which seeks not just power, but full-spectrum dominion over the nation’s people, wealth and institutions. It has been rigged to be the exact opposite of an election: namely, a planned regime change that will then falsely be called after the fact an “election outcome,” “popular mandate” and “expression of the will of the people.” It will deliver a multi-trillion dollar post-“election” payday to the establishment insiders who have orchestrated it and nothing but ongoing misery for the people. This “election” is a carefully crafted coup that will result in the progressive annihilation of American freedom and liberty, personal and financial, for all citizens except those within the Establishment’s reach. The longstanding purpose of this election has been to impose upon the people a new national operating system that we have named “Crony Communism.” (This theme is detailed in our previous article entitled: “Crony Communism: Hillary Clinton’s Game Plan for America.” – LINK ). To effect this regime change, a new psychological syndrome was engineered, using proven techniques that predictably alter the thinking patterns and decision making capabilities of susceptible individuals. Psychological engineering is not science fiction; it is real, powerful and now, and its direct effects are being exhibited today by tens of millions of voters throughout the country. The economic implications of the coming regime change will be monumental – and the financial effects on individuals severe – if people do not take steps now to prepare and protect themselves. We will offer some suggestions in this regard in a follow-up article (Part 2). Our objective in this article is to give you a clear understanding of what is happening, at least as we see it. As readers of our previous Inferential Analytics articles know, prior to naming and describing a particular theme, we provide a snapshot of the contextual landscape so you can understand how the theme developed. Before continuing with the context, we would like to emphasize that we do not earn, or seek to earn one penny from our articles. We write because the themes being created lately by our Inferential Analytics (IA) model are so troubling that we feel a moral obligation to share them. In 15+ years of doing this work, we have never before seen themes as profoundly dystopic as the ones we see today. Our IA themes point to a fundamentally disintegrating American future that we believe 95+% of the people have no idea is coming. The future that IA is indicating will be extremely dangerous for the unaware and unprepared. We believe this is the last chance for the nation to reverse course. We write in order to help people see what is happening. Our motivation is as simple as that. Context for the New Theme: From August 23 – 28, 1973, a bank robber by the name of Jan-Erik Olsson unwittingly made a significant contribution to the understanding of human psychology, particularly of the abnormal, or at a minimum, the counterintuitive variety. Olsson robbed Kreditbanken, a bank located in Norrmalmstorg, a neighborhood within the city of Stockholm, Sweden. During the robbery, Olsson took four employees hostage for a period of six days. As their captivity progressed, the hostages began to exhibit positive attitudes toward their captor , which were contrary to the emotions of anger, resentment and rejection that psychologists would have expected in the circumstances. Nils Bejerot, a criminologist, medical professor and researcher who specialized in the study of addiction coined the term “Stockholm Syndrome” to describe the phenomenon. Even though this term, also known as “capture-bonding,” was created to describe the behavior of a mere four persons taken hostage during the robbery of a small bank in a small neighborhood of a relatively small city in a small country, it immediately struck a global chord. It became and remains one of the best known medical and psychological syndromes in the world, and has extraordinary name recognition to this day not just among experts, but common people as well. In Bejerot’s diagnosis, those with Stockholm Syndrome develop favorable feelings of trust and/or affection toward their captor(s); negative feelings toward those (e.g., the police) who are trying to rescue them from their captor(s); provide support and assistance to their captor(s); and at a certain point exhibit a lack of desire to be rescued from their captor(s) at all. The fact that the term went internationally viral shortly after its announcement begged the question, “Why?” The answer appeared after additional research into the syndrome was conducted. It turned out that the Stockholm Syndrome can also develop among a much larger prospective cohort that includes abused women and children; POWs; concentration camp prisoners; cult members; and incest victims. The term “Stockholm Syndrome” shone a verbal light onto a far broader psychological phenomenon that until then had been lingering in the shadows. The discovery of the Stockholm Syndrome, which is tangential to a powerful and potentially extremely dangerous psychological condition known as “identifying with the aggressor,” proved that people can actually come to admire an individual (or individuals) who commands, controls, exploits and abuses them. This was excellent news for psychopathic predators of all kinds, whose dirty work just got easier for them, and bad news for everyone else. Perhaps it should be no surprise that predators in greater and greater numbers have been running amok ever since. In fact, one of the emerging themes we track is “Predation.” Predation is a serious problem in our world, and it is spinning out of control according to the data we analyze. The Clinton Syndrome At Inferential Analytics, we have zeroed in on what we believe is the most sweeping psychological syndrome ever discovered. It affects literally tens of millions of people, and has no parallel in scale, scope or consequence that we can find in medicine or psychology. We have named it the “Clinton Syndrome,” after career politician Hillary Clinton. The Clinton Syndrome, a variant of Stockholm Syndrome, is a condition in which a voter develops positive feelings about and favorably identifies with a politician who has demonstrated, over a period of decades, a consistent behavior pattern of dishonesty, deceit, avarice, corruption, secretiveness, paranoia, rage, volatility, graft, dissembling, insincerity, disdain, theft, abusiveness, hypocrisy, scapegoating, lawlessness, subversion, war-mongering, nation-state destruction and murder. (In our view, state-sponsored murder is ordinary murder dressed up in false righteousness and rouge, and is actually more despicable.) While the named malignant characteristics are many, every single one of them has been exhibited, most on a repeated basis spanning decades, by Hillary Clinton. These lifelong behaviors have been documented time and again by numerous, non-related sources; are no longer conjecture but proven fact; and are simply beyond dispute or debate. Taken in the aggregate, they define what we call a “political predator.” It is worth mentioning that the abnormal psychological characteristics exhibited by sexual and political predators are similar, and that these two birds of a feather sometimes come together; like attracts like. We want to emphasize that Inferential Analytics is a wholly apolitical forecasting method. Furthermore, we are not engaged in politics as campaigners, donors, lobbyists, strategists, bundlers, organizers, advisors, consultants, supporters, sycophants or in any other way whatsoever. We are researchers, and we solely study the cards that history tosses onto the table of time and events. Truth is our only agenda, though finding it can be difficult and expensive. In our corrupt, dishonest world, Truth, is endlessly hunted down by Falsehood, its armed, dangerous, dirty and extremely well-funded enemy. Truth has been forced into exile in order to survive, and only rarely makes a public appearance, as it fleetingly has, for example, on the balcony of the Ecuadorian Embassy in London. Getting back to the Clinton characteristics, we know for a fact that Hillary Clinton has repeatedly lied to Congress and to the people; that as Secretary of State, she threw entire nations into chaos. In one instance alone, Libya, this resulted in the murder and maiming of tens of thousands of innocent civilians, and the grotesque execution of its leader, about which she joked and laughed: “We came; we saw; he died.” [Starts cackling]; that she and her husband stole furniture from the White House when they left it in 2001, which they subsequently were forced to return in what to normal people – but not to them – would have been shame; and that subsequently, while a centi-millionaire, she stole furniture from the State Department and placed it in her own house, demonstrating cheapness and kleptomania of an almost unbelievable magnitude; that she has shown sheer, utter, holier-than-thou disdain for those who hold beliefs, ideals and/or religious convictions different from her own (the “irredeemable” “deplorables”; Roman Catholics; conservative Christians; etc.); that she has been verbally and sometimes physically abusive toward her personal staff, colleagues and even the Secret Service personnel who risk their lives to protect her; that her temper is explosive, as reported by a large number of independent sources who have witnessed her rages first hand; that she has openly admitted to being a hypocrite who says one thing in private, and a totally opposite thing on the same subject in public, in order to pander to the particular audience she is addressing at the time and thereby hustle votes; that the “Pay for Play” collusion between Secretary of State Clinton and her family “Foundation” has been rampant and involves epic dollar sums; that she now endlessly needles, scolds and provokes Russia, a major nuclear power, after her “Foundation” (better known as a Slush Fund) accepted a $120,000,000.00 ($120 MILLION) bribe in exchange for her greenlighting a Russian deal to purchase 20% of America’s limited uranium reserves. She does this to demagogically deflect attention away from her corruption and graft; that the Middle East is littered with the corpses of the innocent thanks to her deadly, reckless, insouciant and vicious war-mongering and military adventurism; that she, her husband and her cabal have subverted the very heart of U.S. law enforcement and justice, at the highest levels of its institutions, for personal political gain; that she deserted her post, lifted not a finger to assist and thereby issued a death sentence against four American heroes in Benghazi, and then repeatedly lied through her teeth about the incident, even to the victims’ heartbroken parents; that she lies and waffles about her support for secret, establishment “treaties” such as the TPP, which is reviled by the people but held up by her in private as “the gold standard,” only to back down when she was caught red-handed in her dishonesty and hypocrisy; that she accepts millions of dollars in “donations” and “speaking fees” (aka, bribes) from Wall Street plutocrats, and then has the gall to tell everyday voters that she’s behind them, and is going to bring Wall Street to heel; that her family “Foundation” actually stole disaster relief donations made to help some of the poorest and most unfortunate people on earth, the Haitians, demonstrating greed gone exponential; that she totally disregards the Rule of Law, which to her is for the Little People, and replaces it with the Rule of Hillary, which exists only for her and over which she is the sole adjudicator; that she believes in “totally open borders,” something completely rejected by the American people and diametrically opposed to any form of common sense and that was only revealed when private documents never intended to be seen by the public were released; that she and her family Slush Fund gladly accept millions from the leaders of countries known for subjugating women and throwing gay people off of roof tops, and then has the sheer hypocrisy to court the votes of women and gays, saying she’s got their backs; and the list goes on and on and on, year after year after year. Her tricks, schemes and gambits are not one-off, occasional departures from decent, moral and respectable behavior. Rather, it is as if they are chiseled on a granite tablet as her personal “Ten Commandments” and standard operating procedures. (“Thou Shalt Lie;” “Thou Shalt Steal;” “Thou Shalt Be a Hypocrite;” “Thou Shalt Find Murder Hilarious,” etc.) They are Hillary’s own, homespun “Rules for Radicals,” perhaps also dedicated by her to Lucifer, just as her role model and hero Saul Alinsky’s “Rules” were dedicated to Lucifer, literally . Her personal commandments and way of behaving will tear this nation to shreds if she is empowered to continue on her path, with impunity, as President of the United States, and becomes backed by the vast, militarized government enforcement network that will be used to silence any critics of her destructiveness, corruption and criminality. None of these Clinton facts is disputable. They are documented, cross-documented, confirmed and undeniable. The scandals in which she is endlessly embroiled are real, and we all know they are real. Yet astonishingly, there remain millions of voters who completely ignore these facts, and remain supportive of Clinton’s presidential candidacy. Out of a duty to truth, we have an obligation to ask ourselves: “What is going on here?” Inferential Analytics is about identifying existing themes, inferring the likely full-blown realities that will grow out of those themes, and then forecasting the changes such full-blown realities will create. The theme here is self-evident: the Clinton Syndrome is real, and is propelling Clinton to a possible presidential victory. That the Clinton Syndrome exists is the only possible explanation for the fact that millions of people actually voted for her in the primary elections, and that millions more already have or are going to vote for her in the national presidential “election,” despite her ignominious past. The next phase, which we will know late in the evening of November 8, 2016, could be the full-blown reality of a Clinton presidency, should she be elected. This would demonstrate that the Clinton Syndrome had overtaken the minds of a majority of voters. The fact is that the Clinton Syndrome makes no logical sense. It makes no logical sense for a voter to think favorably about a lifelong political predator who has immersed herself in nothing but scandal, corruption, criminality, lies, chaos and destruction. Given that it is not logical, normal or comprehensible, the question becomes, “How on earth did the Clinton Syndrome come about in the first place?” The Clinton Syndrome is the product of the most sophisticated psychological engineering campaign ever unleashed upon the mind of humankind. It reflects a relentless, non-stop, multi-year, multi-originated, multi-faceted bombardment of the American psyche with propaganda, brainwashing, mind control and massive lies. Hitler was good at this kind of thing, but his tactics were in the Dark Ages compared to the hyper-sophisticated techniques being used upon Americans today to mass-activate the pathological Clinton Syndrome. This carpet-bombing of the American mind with weapons of mass mental destruction does not require anything even close to 100% effectiveness in order to create the planned electoral outcome. If roughly 70,000,000 voting age Americans succumb to it, the Clinton Syndrome will be victorious. This will result in a for-profit crony communist regime change taking place in the United States. The payoff for the cronies will be in the multiple trillions of dollars in Clinton’s first term alone, which explains the enormous effort that has gone into the deliberate establishment warping of the American consciousness. The barrage of psychological engineering has been orchestrated, conducted, aided and abetted by an establishment cabal that includes the Mainstream Media, including every single major television network; every single mainstream radio station; virtually every single major city newspaper; every non-major-city newspaper that runs syndicated, mainstream columns; every major website running on-screen advertisements; all search engine providers that skew search results; all leading social media operators; every mainstream magazine; the DNC and the RNC (the latter of which has done basically nothing to support and everything possible to undermine its candidate); a huge percentage of existing politicians including dozens of turncoat establishment Republicans who are cashing in on the current corruption and are adamantly opposed to any kind of change and who are therefore torpedoing their party’s candidate at every turn; professional, violence-funding regime change agitators such as Soros; virtually all of Wall Street and the financial establishment; the Federal Reserve System which has printed trillions of dollars’ worth of counterfeit dollars to keep the false illusion of normalcy alive; government agencies such as the BLS that concoct phony numbers to support the Big Economic Lie; countless other cronies who stuff billions in their pockets from the endemic corruption; and even the Director of the FBI, the Attorney General, the President of the United States and his wife. A full listing of the individuals, corporations and institutions that have purposefully created the Clinton Syndrome would require dozens of pages of single-spaced text to fully disclose. It is no wonder that it has been triggered en masse. This is historic. There has never in our history been such a coordinated establishment onslaught against one and for the other candidate in a national presidential election. As they say, “follow the money,” and that is what this election is all about. It has absolutely nothing to do with the good of the people, or the nation. Cronyism and its filthy lucre stink to high Heaven, and that is the foul odor you smell all around you. Central to the triggering of the Clinton Syndrome has been a litany of campaign lies and political bribes. The citizens have been told that already broke Social Security will be broadened to cover millions more people no matter whether they have paid into it or not; thet already-broke Medicare and Medicaid will be expanded; that student debts will be wiped out; that college will be free; that free or subsidized, universal health care is assured; that massive, government-funded infrastructure projects will create high-wage jobs that they can get; that wages will be increased and equalized; and that a wide array of additional welfare programs, subsidies and government giveaways await, as long as voters turn over their minds to the Clinton Syndrome. Clinton pre-empts voters who might wonder and ask, “Who is going to pay for all of this?” by telling them that, of course, it is the “rich” who will pay for it. As Clinton has repeatedly stated in her speeches and during the debates, “we’re going to go where the money is.” This is pure communistic cant and the rank politicization of envy, which cynically feeds upon the financial despair of millions of American citizens. The people’s financial morass has, in fact, been directly created by career political predators like Clinton herself, whose policies have robbed the nation blind and plunged it into over $120,000,000,000,000.00 ($120 trillion) of existing and contingent debt that can never possibly be repaid in dollars bearing any monetary resemblance whatsoever to the dollars existing today. America’s debt will be repaid in the equivalent of hyper-inflated Venezuelan bolivars, if the debt holders are lucky. In the final debate, on three separate occasions, Clinton said, “I will not add one penny to the debt.” This lie is so preposterous that they should have ended the debate the first time she said it, sent everyone home, and turned off the lights. The government’s own statistics, generated by such agencies as the Office of Management and Budget show beyond a shadow of a doubt that the nation’s deficit and debt crises are spiraling out of control, and this is without including Clinton’s proposed, radical expansion of crony communistic state spending. Every single “tax the rich” scheme hatched in the past by political hacks has failed, from “millionaire taxes” to “luxury goods taxes.” Not one of them has brought in the expected revenues, and virtually all of them have been discontinued because they were abject failures. The idea that her “tax the rich” schemes will actually pay for massive, full-scale government control of and hegemony over the populace is absurd, and her lie that “I will not add one penny to the debt” is so egregious that it should be prosecutable in a court of law. Unfortunately, most Americans, who are just struggling to get by, don’t have the time to fact-check a professional liar’s lies. On November 9, 2016, should the Clinton Syndrome psychological engineering scheme prevail, we project that somewhere in the order of 100,000,000 Americans, primarily its producers, will feel something more powerful than anger: grim resolve. They will know deep in their hearts that the nation they have known and loved is gone, and that it is never coming back. They will know deep in their minds that the malignant ethics of corruption, looting, immorality and structural inequality that stand at the very foundation of crony communism will seep into and infect every aspect of their lives. They will know that the exorbitant cost of crony communism will not just impoverish them financially, but will destroy the plans, hopes and dreams for the future that they and their loved ones hold dear. They will know in their souls that their freedom and liberty have been sacrificed once and for all upon the establishment’s dark altar of greed. And they will do something about it. We believe the United States is on the cusp of a combined “John Galt” and “Gresham’s Law” event, the economic implications of which will be unprecedented and profound. We believe that millions of productive Americans will refuse to be serfs to a corrupt, crony communistic, regime, and that they will quietly but effectively begin to shut down. The “people of the mind,” the honest, decent, hard-working, entrepreneurial, productive, tax-generating citizens are going to say, “No more.” They are not going to work 60 hours a week for scraps, only to enrich crony communist plunderers who will live like kings and queens while producing nothing but exploitation. The producers are going to give the middle finger to the money sucking political predators who rant about how they are “going to go where the money is” to pay for their false, arithmetically impossible, dishonest, bankrupting, vote-bribing “promises” and schemes. At the same time, the bad money of crony communism will “drive” into safety and sanctuary the good money to which financially intelligent people will move. Those of you who have gotten this far in the article already know exactly what we mean. And no matter how many commands, controls and executive orders the crony communists pile on to steal the people’s money, they are going to be unpleasantly surprised to find that they end up with next to none of it. Crony communist looters are no match for the ingenuity, resourcefulness, integrity and resolve of everyday, productive American people. Principled American patriots will throw their good money into deep rivers before they hand it over to crony communist plunderers This is the end of Part 1. In Part 2, we will provide additional information about the current landscape, several forecasts, and a short list of general recommendations. Closing Postscript: On a very specific note, if crony communism prevails on November 8 th , we believe that holiday retail sales will deliver an early statement about the unfurling economic consequences. We would project a major miss. Despite the miss, the aggregate number will still be overstated, because we forecast that the prudent will begin to make large investments in independence. These people will not be buying gifts; they will be buying what they need to opt out and hunker down. We recommend that analysts carefully parse the holiday retail sales numbers, because deep under the surface they will almost certainly express, in dollar terms, our notion of “grim resolve.” The mainstream business media will completely miss what is really happening. The real retail sales story will be told by very specific line items, not the aggregate data. The informational gold will be hidden deep in the underground, as always. Stewart Dougherty Stewart Dougherty is the creator of Inferential Analytics, a forecasting method that applies to events proprietary, time-tested principles of human instinct, desire and action. In his view, forecasting methods not fundamentally based upon principles of human action are unlikely to be reliable over time. He is a graduate of Tufts University and Harvard Business School and has developed IA over a period of 15+ years. This entry was posted in Finance News and tagged Clinton Syndrome , Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton , Stewart Dougherty . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation",0
8493,Donna Brazile: Democrats Are Not Overreaching With Russia-Trump Questions - Breitbart,"Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” former Democratic National Committee chair Donna Brazile said she did not think the Democrats were “overreaching” with their questions about the Trump campaign’s role in Russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election.  Brazile said, “First of all, I don’t think the Democrats are overreaching. I mean this is about the integrity of our democracy  —   democratic process. It’s about what happened in 2016. To suggest, as Donald Trump constantly put out, that somewhere or a no, this is sour grapes, this is not sour grapes. This is about the country being attacked by a hostile foreign government and Donald Trump basically only caring about himself. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
8494,Vote to Become an ‘Avenger’ in a World of Evildoers,"In 2012, the movie phenomenon “The Avengers” filled theaters across the globe. Commercials, product advertisements, and billboards plastered with this ragtag team of superheroes who somehow forge a relationship to help save humanity from certain destruction at the hands of an evil villain was a fan favorite. The Hulk, Iron Man, Captain America, Hawkeye, and Scarlet leaped into action after being convinced by the military genius Mr. Furry. They were able to put aside their differences and work for the greater good. In the end, the world is safe.
In the first two weeks, the film raked in over $215 million and instantly confirming the superhero concept of “The Avengers” was not so new, in fact, it is sometimes a very common occurrence. During this election season, more than just the presidency is at stake. Although crime, division, malice and wrongdoing seems to be ever-present, instead of wallowing in discouragement voters need to exercise the right to become an avenger in a world of evildoers.
After the computer generated images, million dollar budgets and Hollywood star power are stripped away, an Avenger is simply an individual who takes up the cause of another who is unable to protect himself or herself. In different circles, that person may be referred to as an advocate. At the core of humanity, people should make a choice to operate by the infamous Golden Rule, which is “Treat others the way you want to be treated.” By the looks of American culture, it seems many have strayed far away from this simple principle.
Society has always been balanced by persons stepping up to the plate to champion causes bigger than themselves. These everyday avengers have come in the form of presidents willing to abolish slavery, pilots flying beyond enemy lines, ministers willing to lock arms and protest on behalf of others for equal rights and even voters who go to the polls to make their voice heard. Society has been privileged to experience them come from diverse backgrounds, ethnicities, and cultures all with the same selfless spirit. They may not have worn a cape but were viewed as “super” just the same. During this heated election season, voters possess that same heroic power.
In the midst of all the confusion screaming across the fabric of today’s society, many would love to function as an avenger but are not sure how. Here are a few places modern-day Avengers have the ability to cast a vote in a world of evil and take action:
In the area of women’s rights
It is not uncommon to see the face of a woman plastered on the cover of business magazines as top CEOs and other company leaders. However, in the broader scope of the country, there are still great strides needed to bring equality across genders. In the United States, women still earn dramatically less than their male counterparts do in Corporate America. First Lady Michelle Obama championed equal pay for equal work on the campaign trail and now organizations such as the National Organization for Women remain on the front line of this issue fighting to make sure the progress achieved in the last sixty years is not in vain. Without the vote, progress does not happen.
Better education in underserved communities
Civil Rights leader and advocate Malcolm X once said, “Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.” This concept has been the foundation for public education in America. The right to receive adequate training to be a productive and prosperous American is the right of every person. Therefore, it is amazing to see certain communities with gross neglect and weak curriculums. These areas lack a voice to speak on their behalf. It is encouraging to see leadership like the Gary Comer College Prep School that shines as a beacon in the Chicago area. Amidst killing and senseless loss of life, this school boasts an excellent attrition rate for high school seniors accepted into college.
Better healthcare for all people
The country is in the middle of a tug of war. Unfortunately, what is at stake is far greater than bragging rights. The health and welfare of seniors and children hang in the balance of those on Capitol Hill. Whether Obamacare is right or wrong is not as important as the need for dialogue around this issue. On one hand, there are elderly who are struggling with the decision to purchase food or their prescriptions and on the other, there are parents who cannot receive proper care at neighborhood clinics. Parents should not have to wonder if their doctor could afford to keep his doors open when he is the only office in the community. There is an initiative to bring mobile clinics to the heart of areas needing it the most. Armed with immunizations, screening, and dental supplies, they are giving away services free that otherwise would not even happen.
The moral of Becoming an Avenger
No one promises a cape or a billboard, but everyone has a super ability to step in and relieve the sufferings of others. All it takes to be a real-life Avenger is the choice to fight for the needs of the less fortunate; those without a voice or an advocate. In November do not sit idly by, vote to become an avenger in a world seemingly overtaken by evildoers. Not only does this produce a sense of fulfillment and greatness, it also provides the opportunity to be remembered as a modern-day Avenger. These are only a few of many opportunities for activism, but there are many ways to become an active participant in the goal for change.
It may seem small and uneventful, but the vote has a unique power to affect the Oval Office more than Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. For those who have not been privileged to cast an early ballot, pause for the cause and vote, vote, vote on November 8.
Opinion by Cherese Jackson (Virginia)
Source:
Los Angeles Times: The Avengers (movie)
Photo Credits:
Top / Featured Images Courtesy of Pat Loika – Flickr License
Inline Image Courtesy of Theresa Thompson – Flickr License activism , avengers , vote",0
8495,Should Christians Celebrate Halloween?,"Whether or not Christians should celebrate Halloween has been a controversial topic for decades. Some view dressing up, eating candy and enjoying the festivities harmless and innocent, while others view it as an offense to their faith. Americans spend nearly $6.9 billion yearly making it the second largest commercial holiday in the country. As commercialized as the celebration has become, many of its roots are completely paganist. Is this a cause for Christians to avoid the entire celebration?
This is a time of year filled with debate, but not necessarily politics. Many Christians are convinced that Halloween is a satanic holiday while the rest of the world has found their sweet spot complete with costumes and candy. Children and adults have the opportunity to dress in accordance with their imagination, confirming from its haunted history to modern festivities, this holiday is a big deal. With decorations, candy, parties, and costumes, the average American spends up to $75 in the spirit of celebration.
Halloween is the holiday that links the seasons of fall and winter. Reportedly, it originated with one of the ancient Celtic festivals; an event where people would wear various costumes and light bonfires in hopes of warding off roaming ghosts. However, by the late 1800s, Americans shifted the theory of Halloween into a holiday centered on community and fun events. The focus, for many, has transitioned from witchcraft and ghosts to neighborhood celebratory events. With the evolving of the focal point, should Christians change their stance to celebrate the holiday?
Despite having at least partial roots from a Christian tradition, the relationship between Halloween and Christians has long been complicated. On October 31, 1517, Martin Luther essentially started the Protestant Reformation in Wittenberg, Germany, when he nailed his 95 Theses to a door. Many of the early Christian groups that came to America rejected this holiday as pagan. The Protestant Reformation heavily influenced the Pilgrims, Puritans, Quakers, and Baptists causing the great majority to frown upon it. However, that did not prevent Halloween from finding its way to American shores.
In the eighth century, Pope Gregory III dedicated November 1 as a time to honor all saints and martyrs. The holiday became widely recognized as All Saints’ Day. The evening before was known as All Hallows’ Eve, which later became Halloween. The word “hallow” originated from the Old English word for “holy” and “e’en” is an abbreviation of “evening.” As such, Halloween represented the night before All Saints Day.
Over time, Halloween advanced into a secular, community-based holiday branded by child-friendly activities that include costumes, neighborhood trick-or-treating, and more recently, trunk-or-treating. Along with a variety of pumpkin-flavored foods, Parties for both children and adults have become a very common way to celebrate the holiday. Some Christians still choose to lock themselves indoors with the lights off, but others have found freedom in their faith and are at liberty to decide when and how to participate.
In multiple countries around the world, as the days grow shorter and the nights get colder, people continue to escort the winter season in with candy-coated gatherings and a wide range of costumes. Halloween is a celebration that allows people of all ages to participate. Nonetheless, the question remains, “Should Christians celebrate?”
Due to the efforts of community leaders and parents, Halloween has lost most of its illogical and religious undertones and is now more about imagination than spooky interpretation. There is nothing sinful about a Christian dressing up and participating in fun, non-threatening, celebrations. As a result, many Christians find no harm in dressing in costumes, attending parties and festivals as well as allowing their children to participate in school and local activities.
By Cherese Jackson (Virginia)
Sources:
History: Halloween
Kidsville News: Around the World – October 2015
Grace to You: Christians and Halloween
Photo Credits:
Top Image Courtesy of Billy Wilson – Flickr License
Inline Image (1) Courtesy of Richard Vignola – Flickr License
Inline Image (2) Courtesy of The Forum News – Flickr License
Featured Image Courtesy of John Nakamura – Flickr License christianity , halloween",0
8496,Maher: We’re ’Gassing’ Syrians Too ’With CO2’ - ’Syrian Problem Started With Climate Change’ - Breitbart,"On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated that Syria’s dysfunction started due to climate change, and “we talk about Assad gassing people, we’re gassing them too. We’re just doing it slower with CO2. ”  Maher said, “[T]he Syrian problem started with climate change. It did. 75% of Syrian farms failed. A million and a half people migrated to the cities. That’s where it began. And by the way, these people who are starving, which is  —   whether you’re bombed or you’re sarin gassed, or you’re starving, death is death. But  —   I mean, we talk about Assad gassing people, we’re gassing them too. We’re just doing it slower with CO2. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
8497,Starchitects in the City: Vanity Fair and Gentrification,"Email 
A few weeks ago the Metropolitan Opera at Lincoln Center celebrated its 50 th anniversary. It was back on September 16, 1966 that the Met opened its doors at the newly built Lincoln Center (its previous home was a few blocks away) with the premiere of Samuel Barber’s Anthony and Cleopatra. Recent years have seen the Met in financial trouble. If the National Endowment for the Arts is to be believed the audience for opera is in decline- back in 2002 the percentage of American adults that see their annual opera was 3.2; by 2012 it dropped to 2.1 percent. Given its gigantic 3800 seat structure the company is forced season after season to stage grand operas, i.e. operas that even occasional viewers have seen at least once, at the expense of newer smaller scale pieces. A couple of decades ago the Met earned 90 percent of its potential box office revenue, a number that has dropped to 66 percent last season. Prices are up to on average about $160 per head (besting the average Broadway ticket by over $50). The company’s plan to have performances screened in movie theaters and libraries has generated some revenue but seemingly not enough. A couple of years ago the start of the opera season was almost derailed by a strike by its unionized set artists and camera operators over company calls for a pay cut. 
It’s an ironic fate for a grandly built structure that was billed as a Cold War asset whose purpose was to elevate the cultural taste of the masses. Designed by a group of then prestigious architects coordinated by Wallace Harrison of the firm Harrison and Abramovitz, who had a similar role in designing the UN, Lincoln Center’s imposing blend of classicism and modernism has few architectural defenders. Missing from any promotions about the 50th Anniversary Gala is a reference to another musical with roots that go back to Lincoln Center’s origin. West Side Story opened on Broadway in 1957. By the time the Jets and Sharks met on the big screen in 1961, their Lincoln Square neighborhood was bulldozed to make way for Lincoln Center. The local working class population and a mosaic of small businesses, there were over 600 in the project footprint, were displaced. 
By no means was the clearing out of 48 acres for Lincoln Center the only such West Side initiative. This was the era of Robert Moses and slum clearance and the West Side was a prime target. Further uptown the Morningside Heights-Manhattanville neighborhoods, which like Lincoln Square were working class with a growing Puerto Rican population, saw their share of destruction and displacement, mostly to make way for new housing its residents couldn’t afford. 
In the present day West Side the beat goes on. Recently Thomas Heatherwick’s centerpiece design for Hudson Yards was unveiled. Named ‘Vessel’, the $150 million structure will stand 15 stories and feature 154 interconnecting staircases with 2500 climbable stairs. Hudson Yards, which its developers bill as ‘the largest private real estate deal in the history of the United States’ (the main developer is Related Companies, probably the biggest developer in the city), is slated to be the city’s next great commercial district, a 21 st century Rockefeller Center, with over a dozen skyscrapers, millions of square feet of office space, and luxury housing (with the requisite small percentage labeled ‘affordable’). Built on 26 acres own by the MTA, the public corporation that runs the city’s buses and subways and the Long Island Railroad (the land has served as a storage facility for trains from nearby Penn Station), the neighborhood has long been in the sites of politicians and urban planners- full of truck stops and warehouses it has been almost universally declared the ‘last undeveloped land’. The ultimate vision has been to move Midtown’s CBD across 8 th Ave into Hell’s Kitchen which, while gentrifying in recent times, still retains some of its historic working and middle class, the last such place in the middle of Manhattan. The beauty of the acreage belonging to the MTA is that technically as a state agency plans for their use are somewhat exempted from the normal city review process. The tragedy is as an agency whose leadership is appointed by the state and city, and is subsidized heavily by both, it isn’t hard to imagine property it owns becoming, with only a bit of political maneuvering, in some way public. Instead the subsidies are again flowing to a developer: a $3 billion bond offering, a promise to pick up any debt service shortfall, and one to cover any over budget costs for the subway expansion to the development. By the end of 2014 the city paid out $650 million. Even city officials acknowledge such subsidies will be needed until 2019. 
The backdrop to Hudson Yards is the High Line. A much lauded 1.45 mile elevated park built on the leftover tracks from New York Central Railroad’s West Side Freight Line, the High Line draws millions of visitors a year. Targeted to be torn down at several instances, its preservation was spearheaded by a grassroots effort (the Friends of the Line now maintain and operate the park, a public-private arrangement that characterizes many of the city’s parks going back to the early 1980s). The High Line draws raves from planners worldwide; however absent other reform the practical effect of the High Line has been to send property values soaring. It was soon surrounded by a stream of starchitect designs including Norman Foster, Rem Koulhass, and the late Zara Hadid. Hadid, renowned for being the first female recipient of the Pritzker Prize, also became somewhat infamous for an August 2014 answer to an interview question about working conditions in Dubai where she designed the Al Wakrah stadium for the 2022 World Cup. When questioned about the fatal conditions for construction workers Hadid coldly replied ‘I have nothing to do with the workers. I think that’s an issue the government – if there’s a problem – should pick up. Hopefully, these things will be resolved.’ While there have been no worker fatalities building 520 West 28 th , the social effect for New York can be inferred from the prices that range from just under $5 million up to $50 million per unit. 520 W 28 th by Zara Hadid. 
Earlier this year downtown saw the opening of Santiago Calatrava’s Oculus. Built at the foot of the rebuilt World Trade Center (the original version, a product of the Rockefeller family’s desire to rescue their real estate investments in what was then a depressed downtown, itself was a destroyer of tens of thousands of jobs along Radio Row, and another project that was built on land owned by a public corporation- The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey) Conceived in post 9/11 narcissism The Oculus came in a decade late it for a price tag of over $4 billion, about triple its initial cost estimate. This boondoggle of a train station will serve less than 50,000 riders a day. 
A short walk from there up Broadway and one will catch sight of Frank Gehry’s 8 Spruce St with an average rent of $5500 a month. Meanwhile over on the Lower East Side, the corner of Delancy and Essex Streets display a close-up view of Bernard Tschumi’s Blue Condominium. The average sale price there is $1.5 million. A little further uptown, the American Cooper Buildings will soon open on First Avenue. Designed by SHoP Architects, these twin towers feature a copper facade with a three story sky bridge connecting them- the bridge is equipped with a gym and 75 foot lap pool (SHoP also designed the hideous Barclays Center in Brooklyn for the Nets-another eminent domain inspired effort). If height is your thing, Billionaire’s Row on West 57 th Street features Rafael Viñoly’s 432 Park Avenue, currently the tallest residential building in the world. At 93 feet wide and 1396 feet tall, it’s 15 times as tall as wide. The penthouse went for $95 million, just below the $100.5 million penthouse sale at the Christian de Portzamparc designed One57 right down the street. 432 Park by Rafael Viñoly. 
It wasn’t all that long ago when architecture represented something besides extreme global inequality and cultural homogeneity. In a 2007 essay titled ‘What Happened to the Social Agenda’, sociologist Nathan Glazer wrote: 
Modernist architects and city planners believed they could do better than the profit-inspired builders of housing for the working classes who crowded as much building as they could onto the land available. It seemed to make sense, and indeed it made some sense. 
The public housing Glazer referred to here has for decades been reviled. Its rational architecture came to be seen as isolating and plain. From a theoretical standpoint it was said to be given the coup de grâce by Jane Jacobs in her book The Death and Life of Great American Cities (though this is simplistic, Jacobs supported the building of the modernist West Village Houses, not public housing but originally part of the Mitchell-Lama program, a state housing program aimed at the working class). Surely Robert Moses was more interested in ‘slum clearance’ than housing the working class. That doesn’t change the fact that public housing, at least at first, improved housing conditions for working poor. Nor can architecture’s interest in the issue be denied. Politically public housing was left to rot by federal withdrawal, poor (often racist) placement, subsidized suburbs, and ideology. St Louis was the first city to demolish its public housing: the Pruitt Igoe complex was dynamited live on TV in 1972. By the time the destruction came Pruitt Igoe was so run down its occupancy was less than 35 percent. More recently Chicago took its turn. However in New York, for all its flaws and debt, public housing is functioning well enough to have a waiting list. The decline of public housing in most cities was a failure of politics; still architecture also took the blame. 
For modernism’s failures real and perceived, Glazer wrote of architects: 
The architect could then conclude that if modernism could do nothing for social problems, if the expectations of architectural determinism were naïve, why bother: Let us devote ourselves to architecture alone- to building design and form -instead of to architecture and city planning 
In other words status quo, political neutral buildings that reflect the excess of the global elite while demonstrating no purpose beyond their own genius. It goes without saying that architects can’t determine city planning policy on their own, yet there is no reason, given the housing crisis ravaging many cities, for the profession not to push the envelope in a more inclusive direction. And there is no inherent reason such a movement would have to return to the bland bricks of modernism’s housing projects. Earlier this year 2016 Pritzker Prize winner, Chilean architect Alejandro Aravena , posted a number of his designs for low-cost housing for free on his firm Elemental’s webpage. In an interview with Dezeen, Aravena said of architects and social housing: ‘But the constraints are not just budget constraints – the building logic, the political framework, and the policies, are part of the equation and we’re not well trained for that. We’re never taught the right thing at university.’ 
One can only hope that changes. Architects can be valuable allies to progressive city planning. For that to happen though the word ‘starchitect’ would have to take on different, and grander, meaning.",0
8498,Obama’s Brother Releases UNAUTHORIZED FOOTAGE OF PRESIDENT – White House Panicking,"Comments Barack Hussein Obama’s half-brother Malik Obama has become a thorn in the president’s side during this election as he has turned on his family by publicly supporting Donald Trump for president. The Gateway Pundit reported that Malik posted a video of himself wearing a Trump hat on Twitter to prove that his account is real. Watch as Malik tells his followers to “vote Trump,” something we never thought we’d hear an Obama say! 
— MicroSpookyLeaks™ (@WDFx2EU7) October 27, 2016 Trump made headlines a few weeks ago when he invited Malik to the second presidential debate as his guest. Western Journalism reported that Malik has been an outspoken Trump supporter throughout this election. “I like Donald Trump because he speaks from the heart,” he said. “‘Make America Great Again’ is a great slogan. I would like to meet him.” As for Trump, he’s very excited to meet Malik as well. “I look very much forward to meeting and being with Malik,” Trump said. “He gets it far better than his brother.” Malik was once a Democrat, but he’s said that foreign policy missteps and social concerns have caused him to move to the Republican side. He has also said he distrusts Hillary Clinton, citing her scandals and dishonesty, which he says have only gotten worse since he originally voiced his support for Trump. “I don’t like [Hillary] Clinton,” Malik said in September, in spite of his half-brother’s proud endorsement. “She is dishonest and a liar. She keeps on lying about emails every time.” Malik has slammed Clinton’s performance as Secretary of State, pointing out that she inflamed chaos and violence in the Middle East. What do you think about this? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section. ",0
8499,Overlooked Influences on Donald Trump: A Famous Minister and His Church - The New York Times,"Just before a Sunday morning service in the early 1990s, two women walked into one of Manhattan’s most venerable sanctuaries, Marble Collegiate Church, on Fifth Avenue. The usher who seated them, sizing them up as   worshipers, asked what had brought them to Marble, as the church is known. “They said, ‘We understand this is where Marla Maples met Donald Trump,’” recalled the choir director and organist at the time, Kevin Walters, “‘so we thought we’d come and see if we could hook up with a billionaire, too. ’” For all that has been written about Mr. Trump’s   careers  —   as a real estate developer, a casino owner and a   personality  —   relatively little attention has been focused on the role religion played in shaping his personality. Overlooked amid tabloid accounts of his romances or   articles about his ups and downs are the periods in his life when he was going to church, first as a regular at a Presbyterian church in Queens, where he grew up, and later, as a less frequent worshiper at Marble, one of America’s oldest and most famous churches. Mr. Trump, now the Republican nominee for president, had an intriguing relationship with Marble. He attended its Sunday services for almost 50 years, but says he does not know if he ever formally joined the church. He describes himself as a Presbyterian, but Marble is not a Presbyterian church  —   it is part of the Reformed Church in America, a separate denomination that traces its beginnings to 1628 and the first ordained minister in New Amsterdam, as New York was then known. Mr. Trump married his first wife, Ivana, at Marble, in a ceremony performed by one of America’s most famous ministers, the Rev. Norman Vincent Peale. His marriage to Ms. Maples was performed by Dr. Peale’s successor, the Rev. Arthur Caliandro, who, like Mr. Trump, was married three times. After Mr. Trump mentioned Marble on the campaign trail, the church took the unusual step last year of issuing a statement that he was not “an active member. ” The current minister says it released the statement not to dissociate itself from someone whose connection was to some members awkward, even embarrassing, but “to share accurate information. ” Mr. Trump said the statement did not upset him because, he said, it was correct: “I haven’t been back since Dr. Caliandro passed away,” three years ago at age 79. In the 1950s  —   when Mr. Trump’s father, Fred C. Trump, was building a   apartment dynasty in Brooklyn and Queens  —   the Trumps were prominent parishioners at a church close to their home, First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica, Queens. Like Marble, it is a church with a history: It describes itself as the oldest continuously worshiping Presbyterian congregation in the country. Mr. Trump was confirmed there in 1959, around the time he turned 13. “He sang the songs and did the works,” said John Walter, a cousin of Donald Trump who is the family historian. But in the 1960s, the Trumps gravitated to Marble. The lure was Dr. Peale, a household name since the publication of the 1952 best seller that transformed “the power of positive thinking” into a national catchphrase. Today he is remembered for preaching optimism and personal fulfillment, asserting that it was possible to achieve spiritual and material success in life. He himself became a wealthy man who lived on Fifth Avenue opposite the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Mr. Walter said Fred Trump maintained that “nobody else was Peale. ” That idea was echoed by Donald Trump, who in an interview described Dr. Peale as “a great preacher and a great public speaker” but said nothing about any religious beliefs he had imparted. “You always, when the service was over, you said, ‘I’d have sat there for another hour,’” Mr. Trump recalled. “There aren’t too many people like that. It wasn’t the speaking ability, it was the thought process. ” Some theologians criticized Dr. Peale’s brand of Christianity as superficial. The current senior minister, Dr. Michael B. Brown, suggested that there were really two Norman Vincent Peales  —   “Peale the motivator and Peale the pastor”  —   and that Dr. Peale’s ministry at Marble is often misunderstood because “a lot of the public thinks Peale the pastor was saying the same stuff as Peale the motivator. ” “In the motivational speaking world,” Dr. Brown added, “he would say, ‘You can if you think you can.’ In the pulpit, he would quote Philippians 4 and say, ‘I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. ’” Still, Dr. Peale’s presence made Marble a favorite of business leaders, and he helped influence the way Mr. Trump takes on the world. “Everything he does is about winning,” Gwenda Blair, the author of “The Trumps: Three Generations of Builders and a Presidential Candidate,” a biography of the family, said in a recent New York Times podcast. “It’s only about winning and losing  —   those two are the only principles that are involved. That’s a very Norman Vincent Peale notion  —   that notion of success above all. ” Dr. Peale favored Republicans  —   in 1956, he assailed the Democratic presidential candidate, Adlai E. Stevenson, because he had been divorced. Mr. Stevenson countered, “I find the Apostle Paul appealing and the Apostle Peale appalling. ” In 1960, when John F. Kennedy was the Democratic nominee, Dr. Peale and 25 other Protestant leaders were so fearful of Vatican influence on a Kennedy administration that they gathered at the invitation of the Rev. Billy Graham and discussed ways to defeat him. Dr. Peale was attacked for his involvement and later called the episode one of the most painful of his life. (Richard M. Nixon worshiped at Marble after he lost to Kennedy, and Dr. Peale supported him even as the Watergate scandal doomed his presidency.) If Mr. Trump admired Dr. Peale, the minister, too, professed admiration for Mr. Trump. In 1983, Dr. Peale sent Mr. Trump a note  —   shared by the Trump campaign  —   congratulating him on the opening of Trump Tower. Dr. Peale recalled predicting that “you were going to be America’s greatest builder. ” “You have already arrived at that status,” Dr. Peale wrote, “and believe me, as your friend, I am very proud of you. ” But Dr. Peale’s son John, 79, told The Washington Post in January that he was not pleased when Mr. Trump referred to his father. “I don’t respect Mr. Trump very much,” he was quoted as saying. “I don’t think the image of Norman Vincent Peale that comes through Donald Trump is any connection to the idea I have of him. ” In a brief telephone conversation last month, however, John Peale said that he no longer winced at the mention of Mr. Trump. But he would not elaborate. “I’ve said all I need or want to say,” he said. Dr. Brown said that Marble, which is no longer a strictly denominational congregation, was “the sort of place church is supposed to be. ” “It’s inclusive,” he said, “whether you’re talking about race, age, politics, sexuality, economics or gender. ” Asked whether that contrasts with many of Mr. Trump’s statements during the campaign, he said, “There is a difference in the world of politics and the world of church, and in the world of church, we are compelled by Jesus’s commandment  —   it wasn’t a suggestion or a request  —   it was, I command that you love one another. ” Dr. Peale stopped preaching at Marble in 1984, when he was 86 Mr. Trump said that he attended Dr. Peale’s last service. His successor, Dr. Caliandro, presided over a campaign to remodel the church’s Fifth Avenue home, built in the 1850s with marble from the same quarry as City Hall and the arch in Washington Square Park. Dr. Caliandro’s son Paul said his father told of trying to get Mr. Trump to contribute to a new roof. “My father is walking down the aisle in the middle of the sanctuary,” Paul Caliandro said. “Donald Trump is telling him things to finish the work, do this and this and this. He asks for his financial support, and Donald Trump says: ‘I just gave it to you. I saved you $100, 000. ’” Mr. Trump said he did not remember whether he was asked to contribute money for the roof, or whether he had done so. He said he had “helped them with their real estate through Dr. Caliandro and earlier through Dr. Peale. ” “I was very helpful, I know I was,” he said. “They were thankful. ” By the early 1990s, some in the congregation wondered if he was paying attention to more than the sermons. “I had a particular pew I had to sit in, and one Sunday, the usher said, ‘Would you please move over? ’” recalled Gloria Hegy, Dr. Caliandro’s first wife. The woman who squeezed in apparently liked the view from that pew. “Marla Maples wasn’t interested in sitting beside me,” Ms. Hegy said. “She was interested in Donald, who was sitting in the balcony. They kept looking at each other. ” Mr. Trump said that contrary to what the two women had told the usher  —   and contrary to a famous tabloid headline, “They Met in Church”  —   his first encounter with Ms. Maples was not at Marble. But as the relationship developed, so did the awkwardness for some at the church. “People would ask me about it,” said the Rev. Anne Benefield, who was an associate minister at Marble in the 1990s. “They would say, ‘Does Donald Trump really come?’ and I would have to say, ‘  .’ This was really embarrassing, that this man was married and having this   affair and the church was connected with it. ”",0
8500,Lightning Oust Islanders With Game 5 Rout - The New York Times,"TAMPA, Fla.  —    The end came quickly, and somewhat mercifully, for the Islanders, who acquitted themselves well even as they will lament two   overtime home losses in their Eastern conference semifinal series against the Tampa Bay Lightning. But amid the quiet, clipped answers in the Islanders’ locker room and clatter of team gear being packed, the haunting facts remained. After winning Game 1 here at Amalie Arena, the Islanders lost the next four games, swept aside by a combination of superior Tampa Bay talent and tough luck. It culminated in a   shutout in Game 5 on Sunday that ended the Islanders’ longest playoff run in 23 years and lifted the Lightning to their second consecutive appearance in the Eastern Conference finals. Tampa Bay will face the winner of the   series for a chance to reach the Stanley Cup finals. “The difference in the series was, offensively, they took advantage of their opportunities, and we couldn’t find a way these last few games to score some goals,” Islanders Coach Jack Capuano said. “If there’s one thing that you have to look back on, it is the inability and ineffectiveness to get some offense. ” The Islanders were shut out for the first time this postseason. They had clicked offensively while knocking off the Florida Panthers, the No. 2 seed, in a riveting   series, and after a   victory here in Game 1, a magical run appeared to be possible. “We had an incredible run and were on the fun side of things,” Islanders center Frans Nielsen said. “We’ve seen the brutal side of it, too. ” As the series wore on, the Islanders could not crack Tampa Bay goaltender Ben Bishop, who stopped 28 shots on Sunday, turning aside a few   chances early in the game that could have swung momentum to the Islanders. The Islanders’ Thomas Greiss made 21 saves, but he appeared to be under constant siege compared with Bishop’s play. “Once you’ve tasted it, the highs and the lows and everything that goes with it, you want to get back again,” Lightning Coach Jon Cooper said of his team’s determination to close out the Islanders and return to the conference finals. Victor Hedman scored two goals, and Brian Boyle had one as the Lightning took a   lead into the third period. After Tampa Bay’s Nikita Kucherov scored on a breakaway at 4 minutes 40 seconds of the third period, the thunderous celebration at Amalie Arena only grew louder as the crowd serenaded the Islanders, singing “Hey, hey, hey, goodbye!” “It’s the way playoff hockey is,” the Islanders’ Matt Martin said. “They found a way to win games, and we didn’t, but we’ll learn from it. It’s a credit to them. They are a very good hockey team. They were in the Cup finals last year for a reason. ” The Lightning opened a   lead in the first period on goals by Hedman at 13:49 and Boyle at 18:41. Both players simply outworked defenders. With two Islanders converging on Kucherov behind the net, the puck came free directly in front of Greiss. Hedman poked it away from Kyle Okposo, quickly pirouetted and fired a wrist shot that beat Greiss on his glove side. Boyle’s goal also originated behind the net, where Matt Carle was being chased. The Islanders’ eyes were still on Carle when Boyle appeared from the opposite direction and seemed to steal the puck from his teammate. Boyle wheeled around the net and took aim, and as the Islanders turned their heads, he fired high over Greiss’s right shoulder. Hedman quickly capitalized on a power play for his second goal at 4:22 of the second, scoring on a slap shot 42 seconds after Travis Hamonic had been called for roughing. “Start to finish, we played really well,” Boyle said. “We were hard on the pucks. We made sure we got the puck in deep. We didn’t turn it over in the neutral zone and give them opportunities. We played a great game. ” That the Islanders’ captain, John Tavares, was frustrated by Hedman and other Lightning defenders illustrated how the Islanders lost control of the series. Tavares had only one shot in Tampa Bay’s overtime victory in Game 4 and managed one again on Sunday. He also spent four minutes in the penalty box on a double minor following a skirmish late in the second period. “We obviously played some good hockey at times, but we just let those two games at home slip away, and that put us behind the eight ball,” Tavares said. “We got off to an O. K. start, but they came back hard and capitalized on a couple opportunities. ” The overtime losses in Games 3 and 4 had a lingering effect on the Islanders, who appeared deflated after the Lightning took a   lead and were continually demoralized by Bishop. “You don’t want to go dry at this time of the year,” Capuano said. “You look at Games 3 and 4 and the opportunities that we had to score, the    a couple other chances that we had that could have turned the series the other way. But you can’t look back. Tampa Bay played a great series. ”",0
8501,Jon Stewart Finally Comments On Donald Trump’s Lewd Locker Room Talk,"Jon Stewart may no longer be the host of The Daily Show, but he still has plenty to say about Donald Trump – particularly concerning the lewd comments he said to Billy Bush during a bus... ",0
8502,China unveils advanced J-20 stealth fighter in fly over at air show,"Syrian War Report – October 31, 2016: Al-Nusra-led Forces Failed to Break Aleppo Siege ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board China unveils advanced J-20 stealth fighter in fly over at air show By GPD on November 1, 2016 China has showcased its new J-20 stealth fighter in southern Guangdong Province’s city of Zhuhai in a spectacular fly over at Air Show China, the country’s biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers. 
Two J-20s, China’s fifth-generation jets, swept over hundreds of spectators at the show’s opening ceremony in a 60-second flyby on Tuesday. The J-20 is a long-range radar-evading fighter jet equipped with air-to-air missiles. China has reportedly already produced six prototypes of the new stealth fighter, which is expected to add greatly to China’s offensive and defensive capabilities. The J-20, manufactured by Chengdu Aircraft Industries Corporation, is an original Chinese project. China carried out the first test flight of the J-20 back in 2011, but it made its public debut at today’s airshow. It is expected to be deployed with the Chinese Air Force within the next two to three years. 
Bloggers have been comparing the J-20 with the US military’s Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor ever since it was been first tested. The fifth-generation fighter resembles the F-22 Raptor in terms of appearance, but is equipped with a different engine. 
According to TASS news agency, it is fitted with Russian AL-31FM2 turbofan engines, but China reportedly plans to equip it with its own engines in the near future. Most of the tactical and technical characteristics of new stealth fighter have been kept secret, however. 
Meanwhile, China is also working on another stealth jet program, the J-31, which is reported to be a Chinese response to the American F-35 Lightning II. China is the only country apart from the United States that has two concurrent stealth aircraft development programs going at the moment. Both the J-20 and J-31 programs are believed to be aimed at supporting China in taking more assertive stances in territorial disputes with its neighbors over the East and South China Seas. 
Besides China, only the US and Russian Air Forces have fifth generation stealth fighters at their disposal at present. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by GPD on November 1, 2016, With 239 Reads Filed under Military . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT",0
8503,Comment on Useful Idiots for Islam by MomOfIV,"| January 15, 2016 at 6:00 am | Reply 
Slavery still exists in Saudi Arabia (as well as parts of Africa) today. But what is Saudi Arabia? For all practical purposes, it is Great Britain’s vassal state, run by a family of criminals whom we and Great Britain protect. Saudi Arabia is not even a nation-state in the modern sense of the term: The Royal Family there considers themselves to be owners of the land—as if it were their personal property—who allow others to live on it. (Churchill and others either set up Saudi Arabia or allowed it to become established in its current political structure. They also established the current national boundaries in the Middle East, leading, in part, to the present troubles). What kind of a religion is this that encourages all of the worst carnality of men? St. Thomas Aquinas tackled this matter head-on: He wrote that Mohammed sought out men as carnal as himself, and he encouraged his followers to do the same. (And they consider Jesus Our Lord to be a prophet, as if He would EVER condone their evil?!) Islam, like the New World Order manipulating it, is a BEAST SYSTEM. It is a criminal racket with a political ideology and structure, masquerading as a religion! WAKE UP, PEOPLE!",0
8504,"In a Call to The Times, Trump Blames Democrats for the Failure of the Health Bill - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Just moments after the Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act was declared dead, President Trump sought to paint the defeat of his first legislative effort as an   blip. The House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, was preparing to tell the public that the health care bill was being withdrawn  —   a byproduct, Mr. Trump said, of Democratic partisanship. The president predicted that Democrats would return to him to make a deal in roughly a year. “Look, we got no Democratic votes. We got none, zero,” Mr. Trump said in a telephone interview he initiated with The New York Times. “The good news is they now own health care. They now own Obamacare. ” Mr. Trump insisted that the Affordable Care Act would collapse in the next year, which would then force Democrats to come to the bargaining table for a new bill. “The best thing that can happen is that we let the Democrats, that we let Obamacare continue, they’ll have increases from 50 to 100 percent,” he said. “And when it explodes, they’ll come to me to make a deal. And I’m open to that. ” Although enrollment in the Affordable Care Act declined slightly in the past year, there is no sign that it is collapsing. Its expansion of Medicaid continues to grow. In a later phone interview with The Times, the Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, ridiculed Mr. Trump’s remarks about Democrats being at fault. “Whenever the president gets in trouble, he points fingers of blame,” Mr. Schumer said. “It’s about time he stopped doing that and started to lead. The Republicans were totally committed to repeal from the   never talked to us once. But now that they realize that repeal can’t work, if they back off repeal, of course we’ll work with them to make it even better. ” Mr. Trump said that “when they come to make a deal,” he would be open and receptive. He singled out the Tuesday Group moderates for praise, calling them “terrific,” an implicit jab at the House Freedom Caucus, which his aides had expressed frustration with during negotiations. Even so, he tried to minimize the deep divisions within his own party that prevented Mr. Ryan from securing passage of the bill, and maintained that they were six to 12 votes away from getting it across the finish line. As Mr. Trump spoke, his voice was flatly calm and slightly hoarse, his manner subdued. He talked on a speaker phone from his desk in the Oval Office, with a coterie of aides drifting by. At one point, he welcomed his daughter Ivanka back from a ski trip. Mr. Trump said that in states he had visited in the last two weeks, Tennessee and Kentucky, the problems with President Barack Obama’s signature legislation were evident. The president said he was now moving on to taxes and trade as priorities. Mr. Trump described his first major legislative experience as not terribly different than what his previous negotiations as a   developer had been like. He emphatically did not fault Mr. Ryan. “I don’t blame him for a thing, I really don’t,” Mr. Trump said. He added: “Even during the midst of negotiations I said the best thing that could happen was just to back off. I said, I’ll do it now because I’m a team player. ” He said that Mr. Ryan did not apologize to him, adding: “Look, he tried. He tried very hard. ” “I’m not disappointed,” he insisted. “If I were, I wouldn’t be calling you. ”",0
8505,"Mike Pence’s Response to H.I.V. Outbreak: Prayer, Then a Change of Heart - The New York Times","AUSTIN, Ind.  —   On the evening of March 24, 2015, Sheriff Dan McClain got an unexpected voice mail: “This is Gov. Mike Pence calling. I would welcome the opportunity to get your counsel on what’s going on in Scott County. ” What was going on was unprecedented in Indiana and rare in the United States: H. I. V. was spreading with terrifying speed among intravenous drug users in this rural community near the Kentucky border. Local, state and federal health officials were urging the governor to allow clean needles to be distributed to slow the outbreak. But Indiana law made it illegal to possess a syringe without a prescription. And Mr. Pence, a steadfast conservative, was morally opposed to needle exchanges on the grounds that they supported drug abuse. As Sheriff McClain called the governor back, the pressure was mounting. The number of new H. I. V. cases in the county was nearing 90. “Don’t give me any political views I want to know your opinion,” the sheriff recalled Mr. Pence saying. Sheriff McClain, who was not a fan of needle exchanges, was quick to reply: “I believe the only thing we can do to stop or slow this thing is to get clean needles out there. ” As the Republican   candidate, Mr. Pence brings a long record of social and fiscal conservatism that serves as a counterweight to Donald J. Trump’s frequently shifting views. But rarely have the governor’s principles been tested like they were during Indiana’s worst public health crisis in years. Much as Tim Kaine, the Democratic   candidate, had to wrestle with his deeply felt opposition to capital punishment in a death penalty state, allowing 11 executions when he was Virginia’s governor, the H. I. V. outbreak forced Mr. Pence to balance strong beliefs against   reality: an epidemic that was growing more dire by the day. In recent interviews, local, state and federal health officials said Mr. Pence initially held firm. So as they struggled to contain the spread of H. I. V. the officials embarked on a    effort over several weeks to persuade him to change his mind, using political pressure, research and pleas for help from this remote, poor community. On March 23, more than two months after the outbreak was detected, Mr. Pence said he was going to go home and pray on it. He spoke to the sheriff the next night. Two days later, he issued an executive order allowing syringes to be distributed in Scott County. Tens of thousands of them were handed out over the following months. And the program, along with drug therapy and aggressive outreach, slowed the flood of new H. I. V. cases to a trickle. State Representative Ed Clere, a Republican who was among those pushing the governor to approve the needle exchange, said he was relieved when Mr. Pence finally did so. He also wished it had been done sooner. “It was disappointing that it took so much effort to bring the governor on board,” Mr. Clere said. But Dr. Jerome Adams, Mr. Pence’s health commissioner, said the governor needed certainty that he was doing the right thing. “The governor wanted to make sure if we went this route it was absolutely necessary,” Dr. Adams said. “I believe he was praying on it up until the final decision. ” The debate over needle exchanges, in which clean syringes are given to drug abusers when they turn in a used one, has raged since 1988, when Senator Jesse Helms, Republican of North Carolina, persuaded Congress to ban the use of federal money for such efforts. Mr. Pence, who declined to be interviewed for this article, supported the ban during his six terms in the House. And Indiana was among nearly two dozen states to criminalize the distribution or possession of syringes without a prescription. Even when the H. I. V. outbreak hit, it was hard for Mr. Pence and other Indiana officials to consider lifting the prohibition. “There are people who have real moral and ethical concerns about passing out needles to people with substance abuse problems,” Dr. Adams said. “To be honest, I shared that sentiment. ” Brittany Combs, the public health nurse in Scott County, had the same initial reaction. “Even I, as a public health person, was like, ‘Aren’t we just enabling people? ’” But the H. I. V. crisis in Scott County was swift, severe and extremely troubling to those who glimpsed it. High rates of poverty and painkiller prescriptions had ushered in a wave of opiate addiction. When the makers of the drug Opana, a narcotic, reformulated their pills to make them harder to crush and snort, abusers of the drug began injecting it. “Three or four of us would be using the same needle,” said Melissa Sword, 30, who lives in a neighborhood of sagging homes here known as the North Side. “Someone would pull a needle out of their arm, and I’d take it to the sink, wash it and use it. ” Five people tested positive for H. I. V. in the last seven weeks of 2014 in Scott County, which rarely saw a single new case in an entire year. Then in one week in   2015, eight people tested positive. “Everyone we grew up with got H. I. V. in a matter of months,” Ms. Sword said. Her boyfriend was one of them. Health officials quickly traced its spread through networks of IV drug users and began steering those who had been exposed  —   either through shared needles or sexual encounters  —   into testing and treatment. Mr. Clere, a Republican known for bucking party leaders, began drafting an amendment to allow the distribution of clean syringes in Indiana. Studies have shown that needle exchanges do not result in increased drug use among participants or in higher recruitment of   drug users, but they do substantially reduce the risk of infection of H. I. V. and other diseases. However, Mr. Clere could not engage Mr. Pence’s staff members on the topic. “They made it clear that he was categorically opposed to syringe exchange, period,” Mr. Clere said. On March 4, county and state health officials got on a conference call with the New York State Department of Health. The agency explained how the spread of H. I. V. among drug users in New York City had been dramatically reduced years earlier. “The first thing they said? ‘You need to have a clean needle exchange program,’” Ms. Combs, the county nurse, recalled. But when the topic came up at a community meeting in Scott County the next week, Dr. Jennifer Walthall, the deputy state health commissioner, made it sound like an intervention of that kind was not possible, Ms. Combs said. “She said, ‘Let’s focus on the mountains we can climb,’” Ms. Combs said. On March 23, Mr. Pence was forced to address the topic   at a meeting in the governor’s office with state health officials and doctors from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. “The governor looked to me and he looked to the C. D. C. and said, ‘What do we need to do to respond to this outbreak? ’” Dr. Adams said. He, for one, was no longer resistant. “The C. D. C. felt strongly, and I agreed, that providing syringes was the appropriate response, that this is an extraordinary situation that requires extraordinary measures. ” Mr. Pence found the science convincing, Dr. Adams said. But as the meeting concluded, no one was sure what the governor was going to do. Dr. Adams recalled the governor, who is an  evangelical Christian, saying, “I’m going to go home and pray on it. ” The next evening, Mr. Pence and Sheriff McClain talked for nearly half an hour. “The governor didn’t really give his opinion,” the sheriff said. “He just wanted to listen. ” On March 25, Mr. Pence traveled to Scott County to hear from other residents, and many of them echoed Sheriff McClain’s belief that a needle exchange was needed. While the governor was downstate, Mr. Clere was applying pressure in Indianapolis, the capital, holding a hearing with experts who testified about the value of distributing clean needles. Some legislators were confused as to why the governor was not supporting legislation that would allow for a syringe exchange in Indiana, with one Republican lawmaker asking, “He doesn’t recognize this as a crisis?” Dr. Walthall, the deputy health commissioner, testified that Mr. Pence was considering declaring a public health emergency for Scott County and allowing a temporary needle exchange program limited to that jurisdiction. “This is a heroic moment,” she said. “The quickest way to stop H. I. V. spread through needles is to get rid of dirty needles. The only way to do that quickly and effectively is through an emergency needle exchange program. ” The next day, the order came. “I will tell you, I do not support needle exchange as antidrug policy, but this is a public health emergency,” Mr. Pence said at a news conference announcing the order. Ms. Combs was soon traveling the streets of Austin, in Scott County, in an S. U. V. distributing needles to those who did not feel comfortable coming in to get them. At first, the drug users were skeptical. Then, one day, she and a colleague pulled up in front of a house, and a girl rose from her seat on the front porch and walked down to accept a clean syringe. “When we looked up, there were people coming from every house on the street,” Ms. Combs said. “They swarmed the van. ” Since April 2015, more than 270 people have enrolled in the program, and more than 97, 000 syringes have been distributed and returned. Today, the needle exchange program is seen as playing a major role in halting the outbreak. From November 2014 through the next August, 181 people who lived in or used drugs in Scott County tested positive for H. I. V. according to a study of the outbreak published last month in The New England Journal of Medicine. In September and October, not a single person tested positive. Mr. Pence signed legislation in May 2015 that allows for needle exchanges in other counties that can prove they are experiencing an epidemic of H. I. V. or hepatitis C. And this year, Congress lifted most of the ban on federal funding for needle exchanges. Public health experts in Indiana were relieved by the governor’s change of heart, but some wished he had acted faster and done more. No state funding was made available for needle exchange programs. “He made it an uphill battle,” said Beth Meyerson, a health science professor at Indiana University and   of the school’s Rural Center for   Prevention. But for those who saw the issue as Mr. Pence did, it was a wrenching decision not to be handled lightly. “Before this, I never would have considered needle exchange,” Sheriff McClain said. “But once this outbreak happened, it became clear it was one of the main ways to stop the spread. ”",0
8506,Western operative Baghdadi announces arrival of more terrorists around Mosul - Russia News Now,"This post was originally published on this site 
sott.net/news 
ISIS media channels announced the arrival of the so-called “al-Sham battalion” to be deployed in the different regions of Mosul, in order to boost the morale of its fighters, Iraqi media outlets reported on Thursday. 
Al Sumaria News stated, “ISIS media channels announced the arrival of the so-called al-Sham battalion, coming from the Syrian city of al-Raqqa, in order to be deployed in Mosul and support the other fighters of the caliphate state against Iraqi security forces.” 
“The ISIS announced the arrival of the battalion to raise the collapsed morale of its fighters in Mosul,” Al Sumaria explained. 
“The members of the battalion are masked, wear distinctive uniforms and speak with an Iraqi accent, which raised doubts that the battalion is just a play made by Baghdadi to persuade his fighters that reinforcements will arrive to support them after many fighters fled from Mosul,” Al Sumaria added. Related ",0
8507,"Russia, Japan May Finally Sign Peace Treaty to Officially End WWII Conflict","By James Holbrooks Over the weekend, The Japan Times reported Japan might agree to Russia’s demand that U.S. troops be forbidden from being stationed on... ",0
8508,"Trump Budget Guru, Long a Fiscal Hawk, Now Has to Sell Spending - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Making the rounds at the Capitol on a recent evening, Mick Mulvaney, President Trump’s budget director, decided to add an unscheduled stop: a meeting of the House Freedom Caucus, the group of   conservatives that once counted Mr. Mulvaney as a founding member. This history, it seems, does not afford lifetime privileges. After addressing the room briefly, amid the group’s push to oppose the Republican health care bill endorsed by Mr. Trump, Mr. Mulvaney was interrupted, respectfully, by the caucus’s chairman, Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina. “Mark said, ‘Look, Mick, we’re going to ask you to step out because we know your loyalties are different now than they were,’” recalled Mr. Mulvaney, a South Carolina congressman from 2011 until his confirmation last month. “And I said, ‘Mark, you’re absolutely right. ’” He left without complaint. As Mr. Trump unveils his budget plans this week  —   against the backdrop of a health care bill that Mr. Mulvaney’s former colleagues detest  —   the man charged with executing the White House’s fiscal vision is a figure who, not very long ago, might well have been leading the opposition to much of it. While Mr. Mulvaney’s first budget does call for some of the deepest cuts to domestic programs in decades, in many ways his fiscal philosophy appears at odds with that of the president. Mr. Mulvaney has long railed against runaway military spending Mr. Trump wants a huge increase. He has favored drastic changes to Medicare and lifting the eligibility age for Social Security, placing him at odds with Mr. Trump, who has pledged to protect those entitlement programs. And as administration officials and Republican leaders on Capitol Hill strain to muscle the health care bill through the House, Mr. Mulvaney has been placed in the unusual position of selling his former comrades on its merits. “He’s a very worthy opponent, let’s put it that way,” Mr. Meadows said. “You can be a worthy adversary and not be an enemy. ” Before being asked to leave the meeting, Mr. Mulvaney did persuade the group to hold a future gathering at a more exclusive address: the White House bowling alley, for a night of pizza and health care policy. Those who knew Mr. Mulvaney before he was the nation’s budget guru say that such gestures are typical of a man whose   leanings in Congress belied a collegial style. “He had a great sense of humor that could take you by surprise,” said Carolyn Tillman, who was a classmate of Mr. Mulvaney’s at Charlotte Catholic High School in North Carolina. “He was always very interested in other people’s opinions. ” But even then Mr. Mulvaney’s ambition was apparent. He edited the school newspaper, served as student council president, acted in theater performances and served as president of the science club. He was also on the wrestling and golf teams and was a manager for the varsity basketball team. After graduating from Georgetown University, Mr. Mulvaney went on to become a lawyer and then worked in the real estate and restaurant industries before jumping into South Carolina politics. By then a father of triplets, he was elected in 2006 to the State House of Representatives, where he gained a reputation as a budding fiscal hawk and policy maven. “He very much believes in the smaller government, lower taxation model,” said Joel Lourie, a former Democratic state senator in South Carolina who is a friend of Mr. Mulvaney’s. “During his career both in the legislature and in Congress he was very consistent in that regard. ” Mr. Lourie did note that some of Mr. Mulvaney’s former colleagues in South Carolina have wondered how he really feels about carrying out a Trump administration agenda that includes plans for big infrastructure spending and health care legislation that subsidizes insurance. “It’s been a little surprising for many in this state to see Mick on the front lines pushing a health care proposal that many of the more conservative members of Congress are not supporting,” Mr. Lourie said. “That’s a little bit of a departure for him. ” This is, after all, the same man who once gathered in a Capitol Hill chapel with three fellow conservative freshmen members from South Carolina in 2011, seeking spiritual guidance as the government was hours away from shutting down. (His decision: a vote against a spending deal to keep the lights on.) And Mr. Mulvaney found an unlikely kindred spirit, at least on one issue, in Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts, the   liberal Democrat with whom he joined forces on a push to stifle military spending. After his nomination, Mr. Mulvaney was eventually approved with just 51 votes, navigating a confirmation process that included revelations that he had failed to pay more than $15, 000 in payroll taxes for a household employee. At his committee hearing, Mr. Mulvaney pledged to be a sober purveyor of bad news, if necessary. “The credibility I think I bring to this job is that I believe very firmly in real numbers,” Mr. Mulvaney told lawmakers. “My job is to tell the president the truth. My job is to tell you the truth. ” Since taking the job, he seems to have embraced a more targeted mission statement, articulated at a White House briefing last month. Mr. Mulvaney had been asked why foreign aid, a small fraction of federal spending, was an expected target of the Trump budget. “Yes, it’s a fairly small part of the discretionary budget, but it’s still consistent with what the president said,” Mr. Mulvaney said. “When you see these reductions, you’ll be able to tie it back to a speech the president gave or something the president has said previously. ” The administration’s task, he said, was “taking his words and turning them into policies and dollars. ” At times, he has also found occasion to dispute certain numbers that displeased the White House. After the Congressional Budget Office projected an increase of 24 million people without health insurance by 2026, Mr. Mulvaney began an appearance on Fox News from snowy Washington by declaring, “Welcome to Washington, where the C. B. O. says it’s sunny and 75 degrees. ” Before the report’s release, he suggested that estimating the effects of legislation, a chief function of the C. B. O. “probably isn’t the best use of their time. ” Then there was the claim, presented without evidence on CNN, that the Obama administration had been “manipulating the numbers” in recent years to suppress the unemployment rate. Mr. Frank, the former congressman, recalled his bygone alliance with Mr. Mulvaney fondly, even as he expressed little sympathy for any discomfort Mr. Mulvaney might now encounter in his new role. “The president does not have the power to force you to become budget director,” Mr. Frank said. He was reminded, he said, of a line attributed to King Henry IV of France, who converted to Catholicism to seize the throne: “Paris is worth a Mass. ” “I guess,” Mr. Frank said, “being budget director is worth military spending. ”",0
8509,BREAKING: TRUMP MOVES TO FILE CHARGES AGAINST CLINTON!,"BREAKING: TRUMP MOVES TO FILE CHARGES AGAINST CLINTON! Oct 27, 2016 Previous post 
When Donald Trump launched his presidential campaign over a year ago, the media barely batted an eye. They all believed he was only trying to boost his business. 
As time went on, he began to win debate after debate and state after state as he received the most votes in Republican primary history while battling sixteen other candidates. The liberal media and Clinton campaign quickly went from thinking he was a joke to fearing him. 
As Trump began to take this country by storm, the media and Clintons tried everything in their power to destroy him. They tried desperately to accuse Donald Trump of inciting violence at his rallies. 
Thanks to videos released by Project Veritas , we now have concrete proof that it was Hillary Clinton that paid operatives to storm Trump rallies and incite violence. 
Hillary Clinton did not just pay mercenaries to assault Trump supporters, she also violated the law on several occasions. 
Robert Creamer, a Clinton crony, was one of the organizers of the paid violence and has also visited Obama at the White House at least 230 times. He was forced to resign from his position immediately following the release of these videos. 
Not only is he a top Hillary ally, but he kept her informed. She knew about these attacks and she ordered them to take place so that Donald Trump looked like he was inciting violence and fueling hate. 
Trump was forced to cancel his rally in Chicago due to the extreme violence by operatives working for Hillary Clinton. 
We are being told that Donald Trump is going to press charges on these people, including Hillary Clinton, under the Felony Mob Act. 
In Illinois, Trump will be citing the Illinois criminal statute. The Mob action is a Class Four felony punishable by 3-6 years in prison and a $25,000 fine for each charge in Illinois. When Trump brings forward the paperwork, he very well could charge anyone associated with helping, planning, organizing, or paying anyone to commit acts of violence–which would include Hillary Clinton. 
In Illinois, statute reads as follows: 
A person commits mob action when he or she engages in any of the following: The knowing or reckless use of force or violence disturbing the public peace by 2 or more persons acting together and without authority of law; The knowing assembly of 2 or more persons with the intent to commit or facilitate the commission of a felony or misdemeanor; or The knowing assembly of 2 or more persons, without authority of law, for the purpose of doing violence to the person or property of anyone supposed to have been guilty of a violation of the law, or for the purpose of exercising correctional powers or regulative 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
8510,"REPORTS: MILO UC Davis Event Cancelled After Leftists Tear Down Barricades, Engage In Violence - Breitbart","MILO’s event at the University of California, Davis has been cancelled after protesters tore down barricades and engaged in scuffles outside the venue. A camerman for ABC10 was also attacked with hot coffee. [Earlier reports that windows had been smashed at the venue have not yet been confirmed.  UPDATE: UC Davis has stated that no property damage was sustained. UPDATE 2: There are now competing accounts of what happened. A protester appears to have acknowledged property damage, saying he was “happy” windows were broken and that they had to smash windows “to get attention. ” #BREAKING UC Davis College Repubicans announce through loud speaker Milo Yiannapoulos event officially cancelled, after protests.  —   stevelarge_cbs13 (@largesteven) January 14, 2017,  At least one protester was arrested at the venue, according to photos. UC Davis Police standing between protestors and lecture hall where controversial Milo Yiannapoulos is now cancelled. pic. twitter.   —   stevelarge_cbs13 (@largesteven) January 14, 2017,  Organizers, UC officials,  police discussing safety of holding #SHKRELOPOULOS event @ucdavis #abc7now pic. twitter.   —   Katie Utehs (@KatieUtehs) January 14, 2017,  MILO and his   entrepeneur Martin Shkreli are both reportedly unharmed. One student was arrested. Shrekli was videoed outside the venue, where he explained his plans to explain   feminism to MILO. #MartinShkreli, the other controversial speaker taking selfies with fans  talking to media @ucdavis @ABC10 pic. twitter.   —   Frances Wang (@ABC10Frances) January 14, 2017,    reports “violent interactions with protesters. ” Video footage shows protesters jumping barricades and throwing them towards police. University of California, Davis cancels event featuring Milo Yiannopoulos and Martin Shkreli after protests, fights pic. twitter.   —   BNO News (@BNONews) January 14, 2017,  When protestors started rushing the barricades, getting dragged out @ucdavis @ABC10 pic. twitter.   —   Frances Wang (@ABC10Frances) January 14, 2017,    reporter Frances Wang reports that her photographer was attacked with hot coffee  . My photographer was doing an interview when someone poured hot coffee on him  out equipment. @ucdavis @ABC10 pic. twitter.   —   Frances Wang (@ABC10Frances) January 14, 2017,  Protesters were chanting “no justice, no peace, no racist police. ” Protestors chanting ”No justice, no peace. No racist police.” @ucdavis @ABC10 pic. twitter.   —   Frances Wang (@ABC10Frances) January 14, 2017,  Protesters could be seen wearing masks, holding LGBT flags, and wearing “ ” badges.       Protesters also chanted an old staple, “No Milo, no KKK, no fascist USA. ” ”No Milo, no KKK, no fascist     …    no Breitbart.” @ucdavis @ABC10 pic. twitter.   —   Frances Wang (@ABC10Frances) January 14, 2017,  Protesters @ucdavis Milo Yiannopolous  Martin Shkreli event. #abc7now pic. twitter.   —   Katie Utehs (@KatieUtehs) January 14, 2017,  MILO fans were also present at the event, interacting with protesters and singing the national anthem. At least one brought her own placard. Protestors now chanting on both sides of Yiannapoulos event. pic. twitter.   —   stevelarge_cbs13 (@largesteven) January 14, 2017,  Protestors on @ucdavis campus. Peaceful so far, but a lot of people here for Milo mocking the protestors. @ABC10 pic. twitter.   —   Frances Wang (@ABC10Frances) January 14, 2017,  Those here for Milo are singing ”land of the free” at protestors with   signs @ucdavis @ABC10 pic. twitter.   —   Frances Wang (@ABC10Frances) January 14, 2017,  Those here for event going back  forth with protestors. @ABC10 pic. twitter.   —   Frances Wang (@ABC10Frances) January 14, 2017,  This was set to be the first event on the third leg of the Breitbart senior editor’s “Dangerous Faggot Tour, Protesters @ucdavis Milo Yiannopolous  Martin Shkreli event. #abc7now pic. twitter.   —   Katie Utehs (@KatieUtehs) January 14, 2017,  This story is developing, and will be updated as more information, photos and footage comes in. UPDATE: A statement from the UC Davis College Republicans: “We were told by the chief of Davis police that they could not guarantee the safety of the students, the speaker, or the police officers if the event should go ahead,” said Gabrielle McDowell, vice chair of the UC Davis College Republicans. “As the organisation hosting the event, we would have been held personally responsible for any harm caused as a result of its taking place. We were therefore forced to cancel the event” she continued. UPDATE 2: The Davis College Republicans have clarified their position, and are now saying they were lied to and intimidated by UC Davis, who, according to DCR executive director Andrew Mendoza, “basically took the decision [to cancel] without us. ” DCR communications director Kurtie Kellner also alleges that they were told by UC Davis official Milton Lang that protesters were wielding hammers, a concern that was a significant factor in the decision to cancel.",0
8511,Coming to Carnival Cruises: A Wearable Medallion That Records Your Every Whim - The New York Times,"DORAL, Fla.  —   Inside a clandestine Carnival Corporation complex here, two former Disney executives have been plotting a drastic cruise industry overhaul. Their mission: Take lessons learned at Walt Disney World, where they helped bring about a $1 billion vacation management system involving   bracelets that link to personal information, and apply them to cruises. The result: Millions of passengers on Carnival ships will soon be using a similar but more advanced system that allows travelers to do everything from plan vacations to open stateroom doors to order poolside cocktails. “As long as bigger, newer, cooler ships have kept coming, the cruise industry has treated guest liabilities  —   standing in long lines, having a frustrating embarkation experience  —   as acceptable,” said John Padgett, who joined Carnival in 2014 as chief experience and innovation officer after 18 years at Disney. “That thinking stops now. ” Carnival, which operates more than 100 ships worldwide under 10 brands, will unveil its ambitious technology initiative on Thursday at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. In a keynote speech, Arnold W. Donald, Carnival’s chief executive, intends to announce that the system  —   an app called Ocean Compass paired with a     smart medallion that can be carried in a pocket or worn as jewelry  —   will arrive on the company’s Princess Cruises fleet this year. Mr. Donald declined in an interview to give a timeline for bringing the technology (code name: Trident) to other Carnival brands. But he emphasized that rolling out the personalized disks and app was a companywide priority. “The cost is in the hundreds of millions of dollars, and, over time, more than that,” Mr. Donald said. “People want the world to be organized around them. On vacation, even more so. ” Analysts expect the technology to increase profits in multiple ways, including allowing Carnival to charge more for tickets, particularly on older ships. Ease of purchase is another big component  —   cruisers will be able to pay for food, drinks and merchandise simply by having their credit   Ocean Medallion in their pocket. Carnival’s disks, each   with the guest’s name, will also power a new, shipwide gambling platform. And Carnival gift shops will be stocked with a wide array of jewelry, clips and key chains that passengers can buy to carry and display their disks. Carnival’s top rival, Royal Caribbean Cruises, already offers smartbands on   ships like the Anthem of the Seas. Called WOW bands, they serve as room keys, allow for wireless payment and make it faster and easier to embark and disembark. But Carnival says that its offering takes such systems much further, in part because its technology is designed to be invisible. Unlike with smartbands, there is no need to tap a sensor on a stateroom door for entry simply approaching the correct room with the Ocean Medallion in your pocket will unlock the door. Among the medallion system’s other offerings is a navigation tool designed to help family members find one another on the   ships. Under Mr. Donald, who took over Carnival in   after a string of ship debacles, the company has boomed. In the most recent quarter, Carnival had a record $1. 4 billion in net income, a 17 percent increase from the same period a year earlier. But he remains under pressure to recruit new customers. About 24. 2 million people worldwide took a cruise in 2016, according to the Cruise Lines International Association. That sounds like a lot, but “cruise vacations only represent about 2 percent of all vacations,” said David Beckel, an analyst at Bernstein Research. “Because there is such a low penetration rate, any increase in penetration  —   even a minor, minor one  —   represents a big difference, and hence the effort to improve the customer experience,” Mr. Beckel said. As part of its Ocean Medallion plan, Carnival has turned to television, paying to produce three travel shows designed to make cruising look fun and easy. The shows has been broadcast on weekends in recent months on ABC, NBC and the CW. In one   episode of “The Voyager with Josh Garcia,” the host is seen chatting with artists in Puerto Rico about making masks from coconuts. Carnival plans to produce at least 80 episodes in total. Analysts have praised the effort. “People have a lot of preconceived notions about cruising that largely aren’t true,” said Robin M. Farley, an analyst for UBS. The system that Carnival plans to introduce on Thursday still has a lot to prove. The technology will require the mass retraining of employees and substantial retrofitting of ships, including the installation of roughly 7, 000 sensors per boat. And do passengers really want to sacrifice privacy for personalization? One feature will allow guests to watch live entertainment in ship lounges on their stateroom televisions  —   and the performers will know who is watching and will be trained to do  . (“Hello to Brooks, tuning in from his bed on the Promenade Deck! ”) Mr. Padgett acknowledged that some guests will have “creepiness factor” questions. But he expects the vast majority to participate. “As long as you benefit the guest, they don’t mind sharing” personal information, he said. Using the connected app, guests can order food to be delivered wherever they plan to be at a designated time. (Waiters will know who you are because your photograph will pop up on an   device when they get close to your medallion.) By loading preferences into the app while still at home, Carnival will be able to offer tailored lists of activities. “The goal of preplanning is learning more about our guests,” said Michael G. Jungen, who joined Carnival in 2015 as vice president for design and technology after 15 years at Disney. He noted that passengers would have the option of linking their medallions with social media accounts, allowing Carnival to delve even deeper. As Carnival designed the Ocean Medallion system inside an unmarked building here in suburban Miami, it built a replica set of staterooms, corridors and other ship facilities to test concepts. Scribbles on a monumental white board in one area contained algorithms and personalization ideas. (“What time you eat dinner. What channels you watch. ”) When they were leading Disney’s technology effort in 2013, Mr. Padgett and Mr. Jungen built a similar laboratory, experimenting with ideas that ultimately became MyMagic+ the theme park wristband system that serves as wallet, room key, admission ticket, photograph collector and   pass. As he gave a reporter a tour of the Carnival site, Mr. Padgett continually returned to the topic of Disney  —   how the cost of cruising compares with a family trip to Disney World, and how Disney frames vacations as overarching stories. “The ultimate goal here,” he said, turning to a   Disney phrase, “is to delight and surprise our guests. ”",0
8512,Feeling Guilty About Not Flossing? Maybe There’s No Need - The New York Times,"For decades, the federal government  —   not to mention your dentist  —   has insisted that daily flossing is necessary to prevent cavities and gums so diseased that your teeth fall out. Turns out, all that flossing may be overrated. The latest dietary guidelines for Americans, issued by the Departments of Agriculture and Health and Human Services, quietly dropped any mention of flossing without notice. This week, The Associated Press reported that officials had never researched the effectiveness of regular flossing, as required, before cajoling Americans to do it. In a statement issued on Tuesday, the American Academy of Periodontology acknowledged that most of the current evidence fell short because researchers had not been able to include enough participants or “examine gum health over a significant amount of time. ” The revelation has caused a stir among   citizens who strive to floss daily but fall short of that lofty goal. Among experts, however, it has been something of an open secret that flossing has not been shown to prevent cavities or severe periodontal disease. A review of 12 randomized controlled trials published in The Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews in 2011 found only “very unreliable” evidence that flossing might reduce plaque after one and three months. Researchers could not find any studies on the effectiveness of flossing combined with brushing for cavity prevention. “It is very surprising that you have two habits, flossing and toothbrushing without fluoride, which are widely believed to prevent cavities and tooth loss, and yet we don’t have the randomized clinical trials to show they are effective,” said Dr. Philippe Hujoel, a professor of oral health sciences at the University of Washington in Seattle. The American Dental Association’s website says flossing “is an essential part of taking care of your teeth and gums. ” Last year, Dr. Edmond R. Hewlett, a spokesman for the group and a professor of restorative dentistry at the University of California, Los Angeles, said, “We’re confident that disturbing the bacteria in plaque with brushing and flossing is, indeed, beneficial. ” Actually, that is only half proved: Brushing with fluoride does prevent dental decay. That flossing has the same benefit is a hunch that has never been proved. If it is any consolation, there is some mediocre evidence that flossing does reduce bloody gums and inflammation known as gingivitis. That Cochrane review found that regular brushers and flossers had less gum bleeding than people who only brushed, although the authors cautioned that the quality of the evidence was “very low. ” Early gingivitis is a long way from severe periodontal disease. Still, some dentists argue that despite a lack of rigorous study, flossing matters if it can reverse initial gum problems. “Gum inflammation progresses to periodontitis, which is bone loss, so the logic is if we can reduce gingivitis, we’ll reduce the progression to bone loss,” said Dr. Sebastian G. Ciancio, the chairman of the department of periodontology at the University at Buffalo. Severe periodontal disease may take five to 20 years to develop. “It’s a very insidious, slow,   disease,” said Dr. Wayne Aldredge, the president of the American Academy of Periodontology, who practices in Holmdel, N. J. Even without rigorous evidence that flossing prevents   periodontal disease, Dr. Aldredge urges his patients to floss. Those who quit are “rolling the dice,” he said. “You don’t know if you’ll develop periodontal disease, and you can find out too late,” he said. Maybe the evidence that flossing reduces tooth decay or gum disease does not hold up because we are all such poor flossers. Superflossers, like the zealous hygienist at your dentist’s office, aim to “hug the neck of the tooth” and get below the gum line, Dr. Hujoel said. But we common folk, staring woefully at our bathroom mirrors, tend to lightly give it the  . A review of six trials found that when professionals flossed the teeth of children on school days for almost two years, they saw a 40 percent reduction in the risk of cavities. So maybe perfect flossing is effective. But scientists would be hard put to find anyone to test that theory.",0
8513,"650,000 Emails Found On Anthony Weiner’s Laptop; DOJ Blocked Foundation Probe","
Yesterday, we reported that the FBI has found “ tens of thousands of emails ” belonging to Huma Adein on Anthony Weiner’s computer, raising questions how practical it is that any conclusive finding will be available or made by the FBI in the few days left before the elections.
Now, according to the WSJ , it appears that Federal agents are preparing to scour roughly 650,000 emails that, as we reported moments ago were discovered weeks ago on the laptop of Anthony Weiner , to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton’s email use, as metadata on the device suggests there may be thousands sent to or from the private server that the Democratic nominee used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter.
As the WSJ adds, the review will take weeks at a minimum to determine whether those messages are work-related emails between Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide and the estranged wife of Mr. Weiner, and State Department officials; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe, which FBI officials call “Midyear .”
And, as we further reported earlier today , the FBI has had to await a court order to begin reviewing the emails, because they were uncovered in an unrelated probe of Mr. Weiner, and that order was delayed for reasons that remain unclear.
More stunning is just how many emails were found on Weiner’s computer. And while one can only imagine the content of some of the more persona ones, the WSJ writes that the latest development began in early October when New York-based FBI officials notified Andrew McCabe, the bureau’s second-in-command, that while investigating Mr. Weiner for possibly sending sexually charged messages to a minor, they had recovered a laptop with 650,000 emails. Many, they said, were from the accounts of Ms. Abedin, according to people familiar with the matter.
Those emails stretched back years, these people said, and were on a laptop that both Mr. Weiner and Ms. Abedin used and that hadn’t previously come up in the Clinton email probe. Ms. Abedin said in late August that the couple were separating.
The FBI had searched the computer while looking for child pornography , people familiar with the matter said, but the warrant they used didn’t give them authority to search for matters related to Mrs. Clinton’s email arrangement at the State Department. Mr. Weiner has denied sending explicit or indecent messages to the teenager.
As reported yesterday, it appears that there are potentially tens of thousands of Abedin linked emails on Weiner’s computer:
In their initial review of the laptop, the metadata showed many messages, apparently in the thousands, that were either sent to or from the private email server at Mrs. Clinton’s home that had been the focus of so much investigative effort for the FBI . Senior FBI officials decided to let the Weiner investigators proceed with a closer examination of the metadata on the computer, and report back to them.
The WSJ then connects the dots between how the Weiner emails were linked to the Clinton reopening of the Clinton probe, despite Loretta Lynch’s and the DOJ’s vocal urges not to do so :
At a meeting early last week of senior Justice Department and FBI officials, a member of the department’s senior national-security staff asked for an update on the Weiner laptop, the people familiar with the matter said. At that point, officials realized that no one had acted to obtain a warrant, these people said. 
Mr. McCabe then instructed the email investigators to talk to the Weiner investigators and see whether the laptop’s contents could be relevant to the Clinton email probe, these people said. After the investigators spoke, the agents agreed it was potentially relevant. 
Mr. Comey was given an update, decided to go forward with the case and notified Congress on Friday, with explosive results . Senior Justice Department officials had warned Mr. Comey that telling Congress would violate well-established policies against overt actions that could affect an election, and some within the FBI have been unhappy at Mr. Comey’s repeated public statements on the probe, going back to his first press conference on the subject in July.
But wait – it gets better.
Recall that this is the same Andrew Mcabe whose wife the Wall Street Journal reported last week received $467,500 in campaign funds in late 2015 from the political action committee of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a longtime ally of the Clintons and, until he was elected governor in November 2013, a Clinton Foundation board member. 
Mr. McAuliffe had supported Dr. McCabe in the hopes she and a handful of other Democrats might help win a majority in the state Senate, giving Mr. McAuliffe more sway in the state capitol. Dr. McCabe lost her race last November, and Democrats failed to win their majority.
FBI officials have said Mr. McCabe had no role in the Clinton email probe until he became deputy director, and there was no conflict of interest because by then his wife’s campaign was over.
Which brings us to the second big topic: the Clinton Foundation, and how the DOJ made sure that particular probe never made the light of day. At the same time as the Clinton server was being investigated, other Clinton-related investigations were under way within the FBI, and they have been the subject of internal debate for months.
Early this year, four FBI field offices—New York, Los Angeles, Washington and Little Rock, Ark.—were collecting information about the Clinton Foundation to see if there was evidence of financial crimes or influence-peddling, according to people familiar with the matter.
The WSJ touches on something fascinating: Los Angeles agents had picked up information about the Clinton Foundation from an unrelated public corruption case and had issued some subpoenas for bank records related to the foundation, these people said . So where did that trail go? Apparently nowhere.
The Washington field office was probing financial relationships involving Mr. McAuliffe before he became a Clinton Foundation board member, these people said. Mr. McAuliffe has denied any wrongdoing, and his lawyer has said the probe is focused on whether he failed to register as an agent of a foreign entity.The FBI field office in New York had done the most work on the Clinton Foundation case and received help from the FBI field office in Little Rock, the people familiar with the matter said.
In February, FBI officials made a presentation to the Justice Department, according to these people. By all accounts, the meeting didn’t go well.
Some said that is because the FBI didn’t present compelling evidence to justify more aggressive pursuit of the Clinton Foundation, and that the career public integrity prosecutors in the room simply believed it wasn’t a very strong case. Others said that from the start, the Justice Department officials were stern, icy and dismissive of the case. 
“That was one of the weirdest meetings I’ve ever been to,” one participant told others afterward, according to people familiar with the matter.
Needless to say, the probe into the Foundation faded.
But back to the Clinton probe, according to a person familiar with the probes, on Aug. 12, a senior Justice Department official called Mr. McCabe to voice his displeasure at finding that New York FBI agents were still openly pursuing the Clinton Foundation probe, despite the department’s refusal to allow more aggressive investigative methods in the case. Mr. McCabe said agents still had the authority to pursue the issue as long as they didn’t use those methods.
At this point a question emerges: did McCabe seek to defend or press on with a Clinton probe:
Mr. McCabe’s defenders in the agency said that following the call, he repeated the instruction that he had given earlier in the Clinton Foundation investigation: Agents were to keep pursuing the work within the authority they had.
Others further down the FBI chain of command, however, said agents were given a much starker instruction on the case: “Stand down.” When agents questioned why they weren’t allowed to take more aggressive steps, they said they were told the order had come from the deputy director—Mr. McCabe. Others familiar with the matter deny Mr. McCabe or any other senior FBI official gave such a stand-down instruction.
At this point the two probes, into Hillary’s email and the Clinton Foundation converged:
For agents who already felt uneasy about FBI leadership’s handling of the Clinton Foundation case, the moment only deepened their concerns, these people said. For those who felt the probe hadn’t yet found significant evidence of criminal conduct, the leadership’s approach was the right response to the facts on the ground.
Things accelerated over the past two months, when in September, agents on the foundation case asked to see the emails contained on non-government laptops that had been searched as part of the Clinton email case, but that request was rejected by prosecutors at the Eastern District of New York, in Brooklyn. Those emails were given to the FBI based on grants of partial immunity and limited-use agreements, meaning agents could only use them for the purpose of investigating possible mishandling of classified information.
Some FBI agents were dissatisfied with that answer, and asked for permission to make a similar request to federal prosecutors in Manhattan, according to people familiar with the matter. Mr. McCabe, these people said, told them no and added that they could not “go prosecutor-shopping.”
Not long after that discussion, FBI agents informed the bureau’s leaders about the Weiner laptop, prompting Mr. Comey’s disclosure to Congress and setting of the furor that promises to consume the final days of a tumultuous campaign.
While much of the latest developments are known, or could have been inferred assuming more corruption within government agencies, the punchline is that the weeks if not months of upcoming work means that if Clinton wins the White House, she will likely do so amid at least one ongoing investigation into her inner circle being handled by law-enforcement officials who are deeply divided over how to manage such cases . It also means that Trump will be hounding Hillary for the remainder of the campaign as being the only presidential candidate to seek election with a recently reopened criminal probe hanging over her head. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . ",0
8514,"Xi Jinping May Delay Picking China’s Next Leader, Stoking Speculation - The New York Times","BEIJING  —   The Chinese president, Xi Jinping, appears prepared to defy the Communist Party’s established script for transferring power and delay the designation of his successor until after a party congress next year, unsettling the party elite and stirring speculation that he wants to prolong his tenure. The delay would buy Mr. Xi more time to promote and test favored candidates and prevent his influence from ebbing away to a    experts and political insiders said. But the price could be years of friction while a pack of aspiring cadres vie for the top job, as well as unnerving uncertainty over whether Mr. Xi wants to stay in power beyond the usual two terms as party leader. Although Mr. Xi’s decision will not be known until late 2017, the suggestion that he intends to break with precedent and begin his second term without a probable successor is magnifying uncertainties about who will rise and who will fall in the expected   including questions about the fate of the premier, Li Keqiang. “It’s a very delicate issue,” said a member of the party establishment who regularly speaks with senior officials. He spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the party’s ban on discussing sensitive internal decisions. “I don’t think Xi wants to decide until the people he favors have more experience, more testing,” he said. In interviews, three other party insiders close to senior officials and their families said Mr. Xi appeared likely to delay picking a successor. The succession quandary is shaping up as a defining test of the power and ambition of Mr. Xi, already China’s most dominant leader in decades. When and how his heir is chosen, and who is picked, will offer a measure of how much further Mr. Xi can bend the party’s ideas of collective rule that evolved after the upheavals of Mao Zedong’s last years. The system for succession, developed after a long period of political turmoil, was devised to help ensure a predictable, stable transition of power in the   state. Any effort by Mr. Xi to alter that compact might increase his considerable authority, but it could also inject instability into the delicately balanced system. Making predictions about Chinese leadership handovers is always perilous. The discussions are secret. Key decisions often come together late in the deliberations. And the ascendancy of Mr. Xi, opaque even by the standards of party leaders, makes forecasts even harder. “Xi Jinping has unleashed forces that open up a wide range of political futures, and each has its dangers,” David M. Lampton, a professor at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, said by email. “The central policy reality is that the United States, and the next president, must be prepared to deal with a wider range of possibilities in China. ” The drama will probably begin in earnest this month, when the Central Committee, about 200 senior officials who sign off on major decisions, meets in Beijing. That meeting is likely to set in motion plans for the congress, which will meet in late 2017 to endorse a new top lineup. While it is a given that the congress will back Mr. Xi for another   term as party leader, nearly everything else is up for grabs, giving Mr. Xi great sway to shape the new leadership. Five of the seven members of the powerful Politburo Standing Committee must step down because of age, assuming the informal retirement age of 68 holds. That leaves only Mr. Xi, 63, and Mr. Li, 61, to return. In the broader Politburo, the second tier of party authority, nearly half the 25 members are likely to retire. Two terms as party leader has evolved as the standard since the 1990s, and an heir apparent is usually clear by the start of the second. The selection requires a consensus of the party elite, the product of    wrangling. The previous two presidents had to accept successors who were not their picks. But Mr. Xi’s blistering anticorruption campaign and amassing of power have shaken the idea that Chinese elite politics has settled into a stolid routine under collective control. If China’s party leaders function like a corporate board, Mr. Xi is akin to the celebrity chairman who may have the power to stare down opposition to his succession plan. “Having played the strongman politics since coming to power, Xi would be the least likely person to feel constrained by these unspoken rules” of succession, said Warren Sun, a researcher on Chinese Communist Party history at Monash University in Australia. Delaying the choice of a successor would allow time for Mr. Xi’s favorites to prove their ability and loyalty, experts said. The latter could allow Mr. Xi to continue to wield power behind the scenes after he retires. But it could also create “severe friction” in the next five years, said Sebastian Heilmann, the president of the Mercator Institute for China Studies in Berlin. “Not designating a successor could be seen as a trick by Xi to grab a third term,” he said. The risk of elite infighting, as well as demands from other senior officials and retired leaders, could still force Mr. Xi to signal his successor next year, several experts said. “Even the amount of consolidation of power so far may have raised hackles,” said Susan Shirk, the chairwoman of the 21st Century China Program at the University of California, San Diego. “I don’t think Xi will want to further raise alarms about Putinesque intentions. ” If he is pressed to name someone, a younger Politburo member like Sun Zhengcai, the party secretary of Chongqing, could gain support. The world may not know who has won and lost until Mr. Xi introduces his new team after the congress ends late next year. But some officials and analysts are already saying that he wants to shunt Mr. Li, the premier, into a lesser job. There are whispers that Mr. Xi wants to raise the retirement age for the Standing Committee so that Wang Qishan, the powerful head of the party’s anticorruption agency, can stay on, possibly to replace Mr. Li. Mr. Wang, a longtime friend of Mr. Xi’s, spent a career as an economic firefighter before taking his current job, in which he has helped Mr. Xi oust potential opponents. Mr. Wang will be 69 by the time of the next congress, but changing the retirement age for political expediency is not  . It was 70 before Jiang Zemin lowered it so he could force out a political rival in 2002. Predicting what happens depends on “whether or not you think the de facto rules and norms of elite succession will hold,” said Evan S. Medeiros, the former senior director for Asian affairs in the National Security Council under President Obama. “If not, predicting outcomes is a crapshoot. ” Mao and Deng Xiaoping chose favored successors only to dump them later, creating instability and bad blood in the party. On the other hand, Mr. Xi’s predecessor Hu Jintao spent a decade in preparation as heir apparent but still struggled as leader to run a team dominated by men installed by his predecessor, Mr. Jiang. Mr. Xi and other Chinese leaders hold that it was the poor choice of Mikhail S. Gorbachev to lead the Soviet Union that precipitated its demise. “Finally, all it took was one quiet word from Gorbachev to declare the dissolution of the Soviet Communist Party, and a great party was gone,” Mr. Xi said after he was appointed Chinese leader in 2012. “In the end nobody was a real man. ” The dilemma for Mr. Xi is that the politicians who will remain in the top echelons after next year’s retirements do not have long experience working with Mr. Xi or the right set of postings in provincial and central government, according to several experts and people who speak to senior officials. But the rising provincial leaders considered closest to him lack the experience to be taken seriously as the next national leader in waiting. Perhaps the biggest subject of speculation is that Mr. Xi is bent on staying in power after his second term ends in 2022. The Constitution requires that he retire after two terms as president, but there is no limit on the more powerful job, general secretary of the party. There is, however, an informal limit, which, like collective rule by the party elite, was instituted by Deng to prevent another    like Mao. Even if he delays picking a successor, that does not mean he is determined to stay on as leader past 2022, when he will be 69, said Christopher K. Johnson, a senior China analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. “The only thing he’s focused on right now is next fall,” Mr. Johnson said. “If he gets his way next fall, which I think would mean they don’t signal the successor, that doesn’t then mean he’s already decided to stay on forever. ”",0
8515,Trump OKs DACA Amnesty: ’This Is a Case of Heart’ - Breitbart,"Illegal aliens who crossed the border as children don’t have to worry about being sent home, President Donald Trump told the Associated Press in a Friday interview. [Illegals enrolled in the President Barack Obama’s “Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals” DACA program can “rest easy,” Trump said, because “this is a case of heart. ”  Federal enforcement agencies are “not [going] after the ‘dreamers,’ we are after the criminals,” he said, using the Democrats’ ‘dreamer’ euphemism for young illegal immigrants. “That is our policy,” he added. The Friday comments confirm Trump’s reversal of his 2016 campaign promise to stop the DACA   created by Obama during his 2012 reelection campaign. He created the program in 2012 by telling his immigration enforcement officers to provide young illegals with free work permits instead of repatriation orders. The program has allowed at least 770, 000 illegal immigrants to find jobs in major U. S. cities, even though tens of millions of Americans outside the cities are unemployed or have given up trying to find work. Since his inauguration, Trump’s deputies at the Department of Homeland Security have awarded new work permits to illegals who claim they arrived before age 16, despite Trump’s “Buy American, Hire American” slogan. Trump’s support for the DACA program is one of his biggest “” said Mark Krikorian, director of the Center for Immigration Studies. “During the campaign,   Trump had said he was going to end that on day one because it’s an unconstitutional action by the president,” Krikorian told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday. Krikorian continued: And of course he’s right, it’s illegal. And they’ve done nothing to it. They’ve done absolutely nothing. ” Trump’s   turnabout on DACA means that   reformers who want to reduce the impact of   workers in the job market will need to bring a lawsuit arguing that the federal government illegally awarded work permits to illegal immigrants, say advocates. Trump’s refusal to reverse or even stop the DACA program is also a bad sign for future immigration reforms, says Krikorian. That’s because he could stop the program and then use the resulting public outcry to pressure Democrats to establish   immigration policies. Those policies could include a mandatory requirement that employers check that job applicants are legal residents in the United States. In August 2016, Obama’s chief economist said the federal is imposing the economic pain of five simultaneous recessions on   Americans, thereby pushing millions of   men off jobs, out of the workforce, and into poverty. Roughly 10 percent of American “prime age” men, or 7 million men aged 25 to 54, have dropped out of the nation’s workforce of 150 million. They are not trying to get jobs, and are not participating in the nation’s labor force. “This [dropout] is caused by policies and institutions, not by technology,” admitted Jason Furman, an economist who chaired the president’s Council of Economic Advisors. “We shouldn’t accept it as inevitable,” he told a Brookings Institute expert, Dave Wessel on  August 10. The primary reason for reduced employment is that “the amount [of money] that employers would want to hire them for some reason has gone down,” he said. In February, Trump told that the AP that “DACA is a very, very difficult subject for me   …     It’s one of the most difficult subjects I have because you have these incredible kids. ”",0
8516,"Life: 6 Tips For Throwing The Perfect Halloween Party That May Or May Not Apply, Depending On Your Group Of Friends And Their Preferences","Email You’re just six steps away from an unforgettable Halloween bash. Just keep in mind not all of these pointers are for everyone! 
1. Have a really awesome theme: The best Halloween parties are the ones that have a great theme and stick to it, unless that’s just not a thing your friends would be into. Is it “ghosts and ghouls”? Or “zombie apocalypse”? Or maybe your party is the fourth one of the night for your friends, and they don’t want to spend money on multiple costumes. In that case, maybe a theme isn’t the way to go. Just ask around, and you’ll be good to go! 
2. Fire up some spooky music: Nothing sets the mood like some classic “Monster Mash.” However, it’s entirely possible that your attendees would actually favor a playlist of pop hits to just generally hang out to. No worries, then! Just do what’s best for you and everyone that’s planning on coming, and you’ll surely still have a great time, right? 
3. If you’re not into decorations, you can probably just skip this one: Jack-o’-lanterns, skeletons, and spiderwebs will all add to the experience of a scary party if that’s a thing your partygoers would prefer. You know your social group better than we do, so before you blindly take these suggestions, maybe you should simply think about how this will enhance or diminish the experience for your friends specifically. It’s really not even that hard and would probably be the best tip we could give, anyway. 
4. Make sure to have a mix of really fun party games: Look, we’re really generalizing here. Is this suggestion for everyone? No. Only you know if your friends will be excited to bob for apples or whatever. We can’t make individual lists for every goddamn reader so, surprise: You’re going to have to do a little work, too, and decide if this one is right for your gathering. 
5. Prepare some festive candy-corn cupcakes, or if you hate candy corn or if your friend Alicia has celiac or if you would rather make chocolate cupcakes or if your apartment has a weird gas smell or if you don’t have the time or if your coworker is in charge of the food or if you think you’d mess up the recipe really badly or if you made these last year and don’t want to be typecast as a person who is always making candy-corn cupcakes, or for any of the other infinite disqualifying reasons, do absolutely nothing: Nothing like a sweet treat to bring a Halloween party to the next level. 
6. Don’t have the party if your friends don’t like to party on Halloween: We shouldn’t have to say this, but you don’t have to throw a party at all. Why did you even read this list if you know your crew hates Halloween? What the hell is wrong with you? Please close this tab, power down your computer, and throw it in the ocean. Thanks.",0
8517,"US elections don't meet ‘international standards,’ OSCE observer warns","US elections don't meet ‘international standards,’ OSCE observer warns US elections don't meet ‘international standards,’ OSCE observer warns By 0 48 
The US electoral process hardly meets “international standards,” a German OSCE observer warns, citing shortcomings that would make it easier to influence voters. The remark comes amid accusations from both presidential campaigns of election interference. 
Juergen Klimke, a German observer of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), has told the Bild magazine that “the US electoral process still needs to catch up and adapt to international standards.” 
Klimke, who is also a foreign policy expert in Chancellor Angela Merkel’s CDU party, cited difference in time zones as a major flaw. 
Read more 
Because of the time shifts, “the first election results would already be announced at the time when in other states the polling stations are not yet closed,” he said, adding that it could have “an enormous influence on voters.” 
His remarks were echoed by Michael Georg Link, head of German OSCE observer group, who also voiced his concerns in an interview with the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. 
Up to 6 million Americans “are exempt from the vote,” Link stressed, meaning an estimated 3.2 US citizens serving prison terms or being convicted of crimes. In addition, some 2.6 million people have already served their sentences and are still not allowed to vote. 
In an unprecedented move, the OSCE has decided to deploy dozens of observers to the US. Around 500 of the organization’s officers are expected to arrive for the Election Day, marking a tenfold increase from 2012 election, when it had just 44 observers. 
Read more 
Last Friday, Thomas Rymer, the spokesperson for OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights, told Sputnik that eleven observers are already on the ground in Washington, DC, to examine “legal framework, candidate and voter registration, and media coverage, among others.” 
OSCE officers will not be able to monitor voting elsewhere in the US as 13 states explicitly prohibit international election observation, including Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Connecticut, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas and West Virginia. 
For the most part, however, states do not regulate the issue, leaving the decision on admitting or rejecting both international and US observers to state or county election authorities. 
With less than two weeks to go until the 2016 Election Day, the most controversial and expensive presidential race that will likely cast a shadow over US politics for years to come is nearing an end. 
Both camps accuse each other of having a capacity to manipulate voters and falsify the results. Donald Trump, the Republican nominee, has recently warned of a “rigged” election, urging his supporters to act as “citizen observers” as well. In turn, Hillary Clinton’s staff and Obama administration officials speak of alleged Russian attempts to influence the US election. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.",0
8518,Everyone worried winter hats make them look like dicks,"Everyone worried winter hats make them look like dicks 15-11-16 MILLIONS of Britons are feeling unconfident in their warm winter headgear. As temperatures drop, streets are full of people checking themselves out in reflective surfaces while nervously fiddling with headwear that they do not feel quite right about. Beret-wearer Nikki Hollis said: “I thought it was sophisticated, but I’ve just seen myself in the window of the bookies and I look like an A-level philosophy student or minor Mad Men character.” Tom Booker, the owner of a new beanie, said: “I started with a bobble hat, but my girlfriend said I looked ‘adorable’ and pinched my cheek. “I bought this one last week, but now I’m thinking it’s too big. Do I look like Brian Harvey from East 17? “We desperately need more good hat role models.” The Institute for Studies confirmed that everyone would be too busy worrying about their own hat to judge others, although anything with animal ears would be rightly shunned. 
Share:",0
8519,Harley-Davidson to Pay $12 Million Fine in Pollution Settlement - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —     has agreed to pay a $12 million civil fine and stop selling illegal aftermarket devices that cause its motorcycles to emit too much pollution, the Justice Department said on Thursday. The settlement resolves government accusations that Harley sold roughly 340, 000 “super tuners,” enabling motorcycles since 2008 to pollute the air at levels greater than what the company certified to the Environmental Protection Agency. Harley did not admit liability, and said in a statement that it disagreed with the government’s position, arguing that the devices were designed and sold to be used in “competition only. ” The company said the settlement represented “a   compromise with the E. P. A. on areas of law we interpret differently, particularly E. P. A. ’s assertion that it is illegal for anyone to modify a certified vehicle even if it will be used solely for     competition. ” According to the government, the sale of such   defeat devices violated the federal Clean Air Act. Harley was also accused of selling more than 12, 600 motorcycles that were not covered by an E. P. A. certification governing clean air compliance. The announcement comes at a time of greater scrutiny on emissions and defeat devices by regulators in Washington after Volkswagen admitted using illegal software to evade emissions standards in nearly 600, 000 vehicles in the United States. The settlement calls for   to stop selling the super tuners by Tuesday, and to buy back and destroy all such tuners in stock at its dealerships. The E. P. A. said the modified settings increased power and performance, but also increased the motorcycles’ emissions of hydrocarbons and nitrogen oxides. Harley, based in Milwaukee, will also spend $3 million on an unrelated project to reduce air pollution, the Justice Department said.",0
8520,"Immigration Ban Is Unlikely to Reduce Terrorist Threat, Experts Say - The New York Times","Rarely does an executive order announce a more straightforward and laudable purpose than the one President Trump signed on Friday: “Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the United States. ” But the president’s directive is unlikely to significantly reduce the terrorist threat in the United States, which has been a minuscule part of the overall toll of violence since 2001. Many experts believe the order’s unintended consequences will make the threat worse. While the order requires the Department of Homeland Security to issue a report within 180 days providing detailed statistics on foreign nationals who commit acts of violence, terrorism researchers have already produced rich and revealing data. For instance, since the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, no one has been killed in the United States in a terrorist attack by anyone who emigrated from or whose parents emigrated from Syria, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen, the seven countries targeted in the order’s   visa ban, according to Charles Kurzman, a sociology professor at the University of North Carolina. Of Muslim Americans involved in violent extremism of any kind  —   for instance, charged with plotting terrorism or supporting a terrorist group  —   only 23 percent had family backgrounds in those countries, said Mr. Kurzman, who just published the latest of his annual studies of Muslim Americans and terrorism. The larger point of experts is that jihadist attacks garner news attention that far outstrips their prevalence in the United States, and the president’s order appears to address not a rational calculation of risks but the visceral fears that terrorists set out to inflame. There was a random quality to the list of countries: It excluded Saudi Arabia and Egypt, where the founders of Al Qaeda and many other jihadist groups have originated. Also excluded are Pakistan and Afghanistan, where persistent extremism and decades of war have produced militants who have occasionally reached the United States. Notably, perhaps, the list avoided Muslim countries where Mr. Trump has major business ventures. Nor did the list include the European countries where disenfranchised Muslim communities have become hotbeds of militancy, leading to major attacks in Paris and Brussels in the name of the Islamic State. Because no visas are required for travel by most European citizens to the United States, and because of the volume of tourism and business, restricting travel from Europe would have been far more difficult and consequential than banning it from only the seven countries named. By Mr. Kurzman’s count, 123 people have been killed in the United States by Muslim terrorists since the 2001 attacks  —   out of a total of more than 230, 000 killings, by gang members, drug dealers, angry spouses, white supremacists, psychopaths, drunks and people of every description. So the order addresses, at most, 870th of the problem of lethal violence in America. If the toll of Sept. 11 is included, jihadists still account for just over 1 percent of killings. “My advice to the new administration would be to declare victory,” Mr. Kurzman said. For the average American, he added, “your odds of being victimized by a terrorist attack are infinitesimal. ” But terrorists  —   the root of the word means “to cause to tremble”  —   do not operate in the realm of dry facts and statistics. Their purpose is to terrify, and they use random and spectacular violence to do it, with an invaluable assist from the saturation coverage on cable television and news websites that such outrages inevitably draw. To the rational calculations of Mr. Kurzman, one might simply reply with the list of American cities where horrific jihadist attacks have occurred in recent years: Boston San Bernardino, Calif. and Orlando, Fla.  —   place names that conjure up images of ghastly wounds,   bodies and frightened people running for cover. In Gallup polls, the number of Americans “very worried” or “somewhat worried” about such attacks generally hovers between 30 and 50 percent, with understandable spikes after new attacks. In the political realm, where emotions and symbols hold sway, Mr. Trump’s order may reassure some Americans that they are safer from terrorism, and more generally, from concerns that Muslim immigrants may bring an alien culture. (While ostensibly addressing terrorism, it also says that the United States should be protected against those with “hostile attitudes toward it and its founding principles” or those “who do not support the Constitution. ”) The trouble with such reassurance, even if it is effective, is that it comes at a high cost, in the view of many experts on terrorism. That cost will be counted not just domestically but also abroad, where the United States relies on allies, including Muslim countries, for intelligence and other help against terrorism. “In my opinion, this is just a huge mistake in terms of counterterrorism cooperation,” said Daniel Benjamin, formerly the State Department’s top counterterrorism official and now a scholar at Dartmouth. “For the life of me, I don’t see why we would want to alienate the Iraqis when they are the ground force against ISIS. ” At home as well, Mr. Benjamin said, the president’s order is likely to prove counterproductive. The jihadist threat in the United States has turned out to be largely homegrown, he said, and the order will encourage precisely the resentments and anxieties on the part of Muslims that fuel, in rare cases, support for the ideology of the Islamic State or Al Qaeda. “It sends an unmistakable message to the American Muslim community that they are facing discrimination and isolation,” Mr. Benjamin said. That, he said, will “feed the jihadist narrative” that the United States is at war with Islam, potentially encouraging a few more Muslims to plot violence. For an action aimed at terrorism, the order appeared to garner little or no support among experts and former officials of every political stripe with experience in the field. Jonathan Schanzer, the vice president for research at the conservative Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, said that if the temporary visa ban was used to review and improve immigration vetting procedures, it might be justified. But he added that he knew of no obvious problems with those procedures, and no specific plans to address such issues during the temporary restrictions on visitors and refugees. “The order appears to be based mainly on a campaign promise,” he said. Mr. Schanzer said he was frustrated that during the Obama administration, there had been inadequate attention to the ultimate driver of refugee flows and jihadist terrorism in the United States and elsewhere. “We have several bloody, complex and interlocking conflicts in the Middle East,” he said. “It’s the job of the new administration to come up with policies that address those conflicts. Admittedly, that is not easy. ” Much easier, clearly, is issuing an executive order with political appeal and a title that seems to smack of common sense. But as the Trump administration is finding out, such pronouncements from an American president have many consequences, not all of them intended, anticipated or desired.",0
8521,"Review: Kanye West, Both Close and Out of Reach at His Tour Opener - The New York Times","INDIANAPOLIS  —   Back in June, Kanye West was rumored to be playing a secret concert at the New York club Webster Hall after Hot 97’s Summer Jam festival. Well after midnight, the street was filled with hundreds of young people waiting for a chance to see their hero. The show itself didn’t happen, but at one point, a car drove past, and Mr. West poked his head out of the sunroof. The crowd surged and surrounded him after a minute or two, the car pulled away from the throng, leaving a trail of fans chasing it up Third Avenue. It was a beautiful expression of fanaticism engineered by an artist who uses frenzy as paint. And it provided an unexpected foreshadowing of the opening night of Mr. West’s “Saint Pablo” tour  —   celebrating his February album, “The Life of Pablo”  —   which came to Bankers Life Fieldhouse here on Thursday night. This performance was like that scene writ large, captured in a consumable experience. There was no formal stage: Mr. West delivered the entire concert from platforms that hovered about 20 feet above the arena floor and beamed light in every direction. The platforms floated out above the crowd slowly, like an Imperial Star Destroyer soaring through space in “Star Wars. ” At one end of the room was a large screen projecting blurred images from cameras filming Mr. West from various angles, including the ceiling. For much of the night, Mr. West performed on a smallish square platform, tethered to the center by a rope that ran up under his coat as it tilted at various precarious angles. He moved in circles and danced across the floor, using the restraint as a tool at times he sat at the edge and let his feet dangle, and at one point lay prostrate and extended his hand to the crowd, offering a benediction. It made Mr. West both improbably close and tantalizingly out of reach. He was the host, but also a reveler. For the first 20 or so minutes, the crowd maintained a circle around the platform as it crept from one side of the room to the other, staring up at Mr. West and pointing their camera phones while he worked through the more bruising end of his catalog: “All Day,” “Famous,” “Mercy,” “Don’t Like (remix). ” But then, those in the throng realized that they could use the    space beneath Mr. West as well, and the floor became a   party, like a warehouse rave or, when the beers were flying, a mosh pit at a hardcore show. On each side of the floor, a couple of dozen speakers were blasting physically overwhelming bass, literally pushing fans away from the edges and toward the center. It was a minimalist, elaborately efficient way to deliver an arena show: It got Mr. West closer to both ends of the room, and also to both the fans on the floor and those in the cheap seats way up top. There was even blurring between the insiders and the outsiders  —   among the revelers on the floor were some of Mr. West’s intimates and members of his extended creative team: Virgil Abloh, Scooter Braun, Travis Scott, ASAP Bari. If you were on the floor, you could choose your own way to experience the show  —   in thrall to Mr. West in the sky, dancing in the light beneath him, or soaking it all in from the fringes. There was little distraction: Mr. West performed to a combination of prerecorded tracks and live accompaniment by the singer Tony Williams the producer and   Mike Dean and Caroline Shaw, the Pulitzer     composer and vocalist, all of them dressed in black and occupying a small stage at one end of the floor. Mr. West’s   innovation is the latest in a year full of them Drake, Beyoncé and Rihanna have all made concerted efforts on their tours to shrink oversize spaces, a reconsideration of the   power dynamic of   live concerts for the age of   intimacy and immediacy. The setup wasn’t without its complications, though. On two occasions, Mr. West stopped the music because he perceived the tangle of people beneath him to be a little too rowdy. And he spent much of the second half of the show on a larger platform  —   banging out a beat on an MPC for “Runaway,” speaking to the crowd and playing some brighter songs, like “Good Life” and “All of the Lights”  —   but stayed closer to the center of it, making him harder to see from the floor. Often Mr. West uses speeches during his shows as a way of collapsing the space between him and the audience, but given that this concert’s physical dynamism did that for him, he kept the talking to a minimum. He began one segment by saying, “Now that I have kids, my perspective has changed,” before thanking the chief executive of Nike, a company he’s had a contentious relationship with in the past, and also Adidas, his current footwear partner. He doubled down on his insistence that art and commerce should play nice. “Dreams are possible,” he said, but conceded, “Every day is a struggle. ” It was almost two hours into the performance at that point, and the crowd’s bubbling energy had crested and leveled off. The lights were brighter, and Mr. West remained contemplative, working through bits of “30 Hours” and “Real Friends,” some of the quieter moments from “The Life of Pablo. ” By the time he got to “Only One,” from 2014  —   delivered from the perspective of his mother, who died in 2007  —   the room was almost quiet. Here again, Mr. West played with spatial relations  —   not between him and the crowd, but between him and the unknown, as a circular red light descended over him like a portal to the heavens. Then came   snippets of the gospel choir in “Ultralight Beam,” delivering slashes of ecstatic faith, followed by the cleansing pulse of “Fade,” and a bath of ambient vocals and synthesizers. When the lights came up, Mr. West had evaporated into the mist.",0
8523,Social Justice vs. Truth,"A look at the university’s new mission. October 28, 2016 Jack Kerwick 
Jonathan Haidt, a professor of social psychology at New York University, argued in a recently published essay that while its traditional “telos” (end or goal) has been truth, within the last few decades the university has assumed another: Social Justice. 
The university, however, can only have one telos. 
The conflict between these two goals has raged for decades, Haidt claims. Last year, though, it became unmanageable when student groups at 86 universities and colleges around the country issued “ demands ” to administrators, demands for Social Justice that, by and large, were met. 
The following statement is posted at BlackLiberationCollective.org : 
“We demand at the minimum, Black students and Black faculty to be reflected by the national percentage of Black folk in the state and the country. 
We demand free intuition for Black and indigenous students. 
We demand a divestment from prisons and an investment in communities.” 
A statement of “principles” follows. The Black Liberation Collective (BLC) opposes “anti-Blackness;” “sexism;” “ableism;” “capitalism;” “White privilege;” “inequality;” and “heteronormativity.” It rejects as well non-violence considered as a principle in contradistinction to a tactic . 
“Anti-Black racism is woven in the fabric of our global society,” says the BLC. “When social systems are racialized by white supremacy, whiteness becomes the default of humanity and Blackness is stripped of its humanity, becoming a commodity, becoming disposable.” 
The BLC is “anti-sexist” insofar as it affirms “the value of all Black women’s lives whether cisgender, transgender, or genderqueer.” In addition to rejecting “Eurocentric beauty standards that are made to lessen the beauty of Black women and Black women’s features,” being “anti-sexist” also means realizing that “police brutality, the prison industrial system, school to prison pipeline” and the like are aspects of “structural racism” that affect black women as much as they impact black men. 
Black liberation entails “queer liberation” and “trans liberation.” “We also seek to destroy the heteronormative norms that dehumanize Black queer people,” the BLC asserts. The “homophobia” within “the Black community” comes by way of “the same hands responsible for white supremacy.” 
Presumably, “transphobia” within the black community is also a legacy of white supremacy. In cooperation with “cissexism” and “the gender binary,” “transphobia” has “been used as a means of invalidating and erasing our trans+ family members.” The BLC pledges to “eliminate” such systemic biases. 
These Social Justice Warriors (SJWs) are staunch opponents of “the capitalist notions of infinite profit, homogenized markets, and a privatized means of production.” Capitalism, they insist, “is the economic system” that’s been “used to justify” the “oppression,” “marginalization,” and “exploitation” of blacks. 
Nor is the solution to this “oppression” to be found in supporting black-owned businesses. The BLC explains that “we cannot adopt the patriarchal, exploitative tools of our oppressors as we seek liberation.” Rather, the solution is to “dismantle anti-Black capitalist corporations that benefit from our oppression.” 
It isn’t only the “capitalist corporations” that these students want destroyed. They demand as well “the eradication of all institutional practices and policies that discriminate against the black community” and “the removal of all federal, state, and local government officials who do not abide by our principles.” 
“The State and all its institutions that deny Black humanity and Black agency must be dismantled and replaced with those that produce Black liberty.” 
Concerning its attitude toward America, the BLC is clear: “This country was built to systematically oppress groups of people, and the Black Liberation Collective will not stand for it.” 
Haidt misspeaks in characterizing 2015 as the year when the university experienced a crisis of identity, an unmanageable conflict of goals. To judge from the vast majority of liberal arts, humanities, and social sciences departments, Social Justice long ago eclipsed truth as the raison d’etre of the academy. Interestingly, it is these SJW demands from last year that bear this out. 
Perhaps it is because I’ve spent the last couple of decades in the academy in the capacity of both student and faculty that I may be more privy to this than are some others, but it’s painfully obvious that these student activists did not come up with these demands on their own. If they didn’t have their professors actually write the demands for them, then the Black Liberation Collective unquestionably derived the concepts and language of their statement of demands from their mentors. 
To put it bluntly, one must attend college, major in the liberal arts and humanities, and study under far left professors in order to think in the terms that are characteristic of Social Justice Warriors. 
Leftist ideologues are training their students to bend the university to their will. This is the first point. There is, though, another, a rich irony that is lost upon these self-styled radicals. 
For all of their bluster over “systemic racism” and “structural white supremacy,” i.e. phenomena that are omnipresent and, hence, largely unconscious, these black students, their white collaborators, and their professors fail to realize that their thinking (for lack of a better term) on these issues is about as Eurocentric as one can get. The “ critical race theory ” to which the BLC subscribe is a version of Marxism, the philosophical vision of a 19 th century German-Jewish man. The Marxist tradition within which they are enmeshed was fleshed out over a span of generations by mostly white heterosexual men. 
But there’s more to it than this. 
The idea that “racism,” “sexism,” “homophobia,” “transphobia,” “ableism,” and the like against which SJWs rail are evils to be defeated is itself peculiar to the moral traditions of European civilization. If these “isms” and “phobias” are immoral it can only be because those who are guilty of them fail to judge the individual as an individual. Color, gender, sexual orientation, ability, and so forth are neither constitutive of nor essential to the moral identity of the individual—but only if the framework of the doctrine of individualism is accepted. 
Yet this conception of the sacrosanct individual is as Eurocentric as the proverbial “apple pie” is American. 
The Social Justice Warriors’ intellectual landscape is as much a European “colony” as was any West African country in the 19 th or early 20 th centuries. Those in the Black Liberation Collective have most definitely internalized the modes of thought of their “oppressor.” 
Now, they would have been well aware of all this had they received a genuine education in college rather than a training in Social Justice.",0
8524,Jerry Brown Wishes He Ran for President in 2016 - Breitbart,"Is California Governor Jerry Brown preparing to run for President against Donald Trump in 2020? Today, as I listened live to his State of the State address, I couldn’t help but thinking that Brown sure sounds like he wishes he ran in 2016. [After swearing in Xavier Becerra as the new California Attorney General, to replace the seat vacated by   Senator Kamala Harris ( ) Governor Brown launched into what sounded much more like an opening bid for a presidential campaign against Donald Trump, rather than the bitterly   tirade most expected after reading the title of his speech: “California is Not Turning Back, Not Now, Not Ever. ”  Even though the word “Trump” was not in the speech, Brown’s focus was unmistakeable.  Instead of addressing the real state of the state  —   the faltering economy in what has become one of the most unfriendly states to business owners  —   Brown bragged about how great California is, and threw down the gauntlet to Washington, D. C. He waxed poetic about how California is still the sixth largest economy in the world, and tied the future of the nation to California’s destiny: “When California does well, America does well  …    when California hurts, America hurts. ” The   governor was surprisingly animated, upbeat and optimistic. Describing California as the “beacon of hope to the rest of the world,” his short speech revisited what he described as California’s successes of his past terms in office: All these items were received in the   chamber with raucous cheers and loud applause that seemed more appropriate at a campaign rally than the august Assembly chamber. At one point, Brown went uncharacteristically off script and again sounded like he wished he were president when claiming he would fight to defend for “Planned Parenthood” funding. It is unclear how he plans to keep that promise, as leader of the state likely to have the least influence in the Trump administration. Gov. Brown went to great lengths to highlight and praise the role of immigrants in California’s success, erasing the line between legal and illegal immigrant. When it came to the epic battle so many California Democrats have picked with President Trump, Brown’s approach was more intellectual. He discussed how his family came to California, mentioned his father being governor 60 years ago, and  ending that reverie with an exhortation to fight the federal government with a “spirit that will get us through the difficulties ahead. ” California’s   governor reserved his toughest words for the “new oresident” over climate change. Brown acknowledged the “deep divisions,” stating that “alternative facts” and “attacks on science” were deeply disturbing.   He warned that democracy is a   system, and that in the massive protests over the weekend, we “witnessed vast, inspiring fervor” that represented the true heart of the people. In one moment that was classic Brown  —   and perhaps why he earned the name “Moonbeam”  —   he praised Trump for wanting to build roads, bridges and railroads (with a chuckle over the   rail debacle) and said in a whimsical way, sounding more like a hippie than governor of the largest state: “Amen to that, brother!” And that wasn’t the only area where Brown sought to be seen as a leader of more than just his own party. At one point near the end of the speech, he called out his more vitriolic colleagues to accept “reality” and work to be more respectful of “Republicans”  —   who really are people, too. But that’s not likely to distract many Californians from the stark reality of what was once their California dream. Brown inadvertently revealed the true state of the state  —     overtaxed, and over committed to the point it cannot even repair the state highways or pay out pensions owed without levying yet another tax. Surprisingly, Brown acknowledged federal supremacy in the area of immigration, but then highlighted how California has staked out protections for “undocumented Californians,” reiterating his commitment to defy any enforcement of federal law that threatens illegal aliens in the state. Bragging that California had become a sanctuary state under the Trust Act  —   which allows no criminal aliens to be turned over to federal authorities for deportation  —   and granted drivers licenses for illegal aliens, as well as giving them   free college tuition, Brown made it clear he will defend the state he described as the “Great Exception. ” By acknowledging that Covered California (the state’s version of ObamaCare) requires tens of billions in funding from the federal government, Gov. Brown gave President Trump an opening  —   and revealed the Golden State’s Achilles heel.  By repealing ObamaCare, and ending this massive subsidy, California’s budget will fail. California may be an exceptional state in many ways, but it will not be the “great exception” when it comes to basic budget math. To borrow the governor’s own words, you can’t make 2 times 2 equal anything but 4  —   not even in California. No wonder so many Americans are fleeing California for an “alternative reality”  —   one without Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown. Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman. Author, Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless, FaceBook: https:  . facebook. . donnelly.  Twitter:  @PatriotNotPol",0
8525,Donald Trump’s Other Campaign Foe: The ‘Lowest Form of Life’ News Media - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump was on the defensive all week, battered from all sides for his heated statements hailing the Second Amendment and linking political opponents to the Islamic State. But on Friday morning, Mr. Trump rose early to strike back at his favorite adversary. “Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) ‘the founder’ of ISIS,” Mr. Trump fumed on Twitter shortly after dawn. “THEY DON’T GET SARCASM?” He soon fired off another gibe. “I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out,” Mr. Trump taunted. “They can’t!” The   broadside was no aberration. Long a vehement critic of the political news media, Mr. Trump has increasingly organized his   effort around antagonizing the press. He dedicates long sections of his speeches and innumerable tweets to savaging individual outlets, and claiming that media bias could effectively “rig” the election for Hillary Clinton. At times, his enthusiasm for venting anger about the news media has seemed to rival his interest in criticizing Mrs. Clinton. In Erie, Pa. on Friday, Mr. Trump swerved back and forth between attacks on Mrs. Clinton and an extended airing of grievances about the press. The news media, he said, was determined to cover up Mrs. Clinton’s missteps and highlight his own. (Mr. Trump allowed that Fox News, home to several anchors who openly favor his candidacy, was an exception.) “These people are the lowest form of life, I’m telling you,” he said, pointing at the journalists covering his rally. “They are the lowest form of humanity. ” In Altoona, Pa. on Friday evening, Mr. Trump continued his diatribe: “It is so ridiculous, the pile on,” he complained of the coverage of his campaign. “Every single day, story after story after story. ” Mr. Trump’s   allegations of news media malevolence also serve a tactical purpose: Providing him license to revise or play down his remarks. After stating several times this week that he considered Mr. Obama to be the founder of the Islamic State, Mr. Trump reversed course on Friday with a declaration that he had only been speaking sarcastically and that the press simply did not understand. In Pennsylvania, he reiterated that he had been sarcastic, but added: “Not that sarcastic, to be honest with you. ” Republicans often complain about the national news media, arguing that most reporters and publications are tilted against them. In the 1992 presidential race, Republicans even produced a bumper sticker urging voters to “annoy the media” by   President George Bush. And in his 2016 primary campaign, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida accused the press of being the equivalent of a “super PAC” for Democrats. On the Democratic side, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont fulminated this year about the “corporate media,” which he described as hostile to liberal ideals. And aides and supporters of Mrs. Clinton routinely complain that reporters treat her unfairly. But the Trump campaign has made accusations of news media bias a pervasive theme, and has attacked publications and reporters with virulence. Since last year, Mr. Trump has made a practice of riling up his crowds with mockery of the media, often pointing to the press risers and describing reporters as dishonest. In Erie on Friday, his audience jeered each time Mr. Trump mentioned a news outlet, and at one point many in the crowd turned their backs on him to face the press and express their contempt with a variety of shouts and gestures. “Dinosaur media is failing!” one man yelled. Mr. Trump’s slashing attacks have generated embarrassing scenes for his campaign, as agitated Trump fans have acted on his goading. On Thursday night, video circulated widely online of an angry Trump supporter berating reporters and making an obscene gesture in their direction in Kissimmee, Fla. In one instance during the primaries, Katy Tur, a reporter for NBC News, reported she was escorted to her car by the Secret Service after a rally in which Mr. Trump assailed her by name. If bashing the media proved an effective way of rallying the Republican base to his side during the primaries, Mr. Trump must now prove himself to a broader community of voters in the general election, who are far less preoccupied with the notion of press bias. Republican strategists see Mr. Trump’s offensive mainly as an exercise in   defensiveness, rather than a shrewd political strategy. Kevin Madden, a former spokesman for Mitt Romney’s and George W. Bush’s presidential campaigns, said Mr. Trump was veering away from issues actually weighing on swing voters, which he said were “economy and  . ” “Whining about media coverage is just that: It’s whining,” Mr. Madden said. Of complaints, Mr. Madden said: “Any campaign that tells you it makes a difference with swing voters is just lying to themselves and lazy, because it’s easier than developing an actual strategy or message. ” Still, Mr. Trump has intensified his comments, and his top surrogates have raced to join him: Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor, engaged in a tense   colloquy on CNN on Thursday, insisting that the media had wronged Mr. Trump in its treatment of his candidacy. “A lot of coverage is rigged,” Mr. Giuliani said. And the Trump campaign, which for months has kept a list of outlets barred from receiving press credentials to cover his events, has now taken to putting out regular emails that attack newspapers and websites for alleged bias. The emails feature lengthy denunciations of the offending outlet, accompanied by an image of the publication with a red or yellow stamp over it reading: “Media bias offender. ” The messages also include offensive headlines, highlighted with circles around them, mimicking Mr. Trump’s habit of cutting out newspaper articles and circling in marker what he finds objectionable. Ari Fleischer, the former White House press secretary under Mr. Bush, said Mr. Trump was so far behind in the campaign that his fixation on the press was unlikely to help. Mr. Fleischer, who holds that there is an “overarching ideological edge” toward Democrats in the media, said Mr. Trump was using claims of news media bias to cover for his own missteps. Mr. Trump’s offhand comment about “Second Amendment people,” which was widely interpreted as a joke about assassinating politicians, was a case in point, Mr. Fleischer said. “When I first heard it and then saw the print coverage of it, I thought: This is the media again, taking it too far,” Mr. Fleischer said. “And then I watched the video and I thought: What a fool. This is bona fide. He’s created this problem for himself. ”",0
8526,Inside ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income,"Washington Post – by Rosalind S. Helderman and Tom Hamburger 
When top Bill Clinton aide Douglas Band wrote the memo, he was a central player at the Clinton Foundation and president of his own corporate consulting firm. Over the course of 13 pages, he made a case that his multiple roles had served the interests of the Clinton family and its charity. 
In doing so, Band also detailed a circle of enrichment in which he raised money for the Clinton Foundation from top-tier corporations such as Dow Chemical and Coca-Cola that were clients of his firm, Teneo, while pressing many of those same donors to provide personal income to the former president. 
The system has drawn scrutiny from Republicans, who say it allowed corporations and other wealthy supporters to pay for entree to a popular former president and a onetime secretary of state who is now the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Band wrote the memo in 2011 to foundation lawyers conducting a review of the organization amid a brewing feud with the Clintons’ daughter, Chelsea Clinton, who was taking a stronger role in leading the foundation and had expressed concerns about Teneo’s operations. 
The memo, made public Wednesday by the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks, lays out the aggressive strategy behind lining up the consulting contracts and paid speaking engagements for Bill Clinton that added tens of millions of dollars to the family’s fortune, including during the years that Hillary Clinton led the State Department. It describes how Band helped run what he called “Bill Clinton Inc.,” obtaining “in-kind services for the President and his family — for personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the like.” Band and his Teneo co-founder, former Hillary Clinton fundraiser Declan Kelly, declined to comment. But Teneo issued a statement saying that “as the memo demonstrates, Teneo worked to encourage clients, where appropriate, to support the Clinton Foundation because of the good work that it does around the world. It also clearly shows that Teneo never received any financial benefit or benefit of any kind from doing so.” 
Spokesmen for Bill Clinton and Chelsea Clinton and the foundation declined to comment. 
Hillary Clinton campaign spokesman Glen Caplin declined to comment on the memo, calling the material “hacked by the Russian government and weaponized by WikiLeaks.” Caplin declined to authenticate the memo, but he also did not dispute it. Band, who grew close to Bill Clinton two decades ago as his personal aide in the White House and became the architect of his post-presidential activities, argued in the memo that he and his firm had benefited the former president and his foundation. 
“We have dedicated ourselves to helping the President secure and engage in for-profit activities,” Band wrote. He also said he had “sought to leverage my activities, including my partner role at Teneo, to support and to raise funds for the foundation.” 
Band’s memo provided data showing how much money each of Teneo’s 20 clients at the time had given to the Clinton Foundation, how much they had paid Bill Clinton and, in some cases, how he or Kelly had personally forged the relationships that resulted in the payments. 
Band wrote that Teneo partners had raised in excess of $8 million for the foundation and $3 million in paid speaking fees for Bill Clinton. He said he had secured contracts for the former president that would pay out $66 million over the subsequent nine years if the deals remained in place. 
For instance, Band wrote that Kelly arranged for the former president to meet the chief executive of Coca-Cola in January 2009 at the Clintons’ home in Washington. In all, according to Band’s memo, Coke had contributed $4.33 million to the foundation between 2004 and 2010. 
A Coca-Cola spokesman said the company had supported the Clinton Foundation because it believed “in the great work that can be done when businesses, civil society and governments come together to solve problems.” He said Teneo had been hired to provide “business and communications” consulting. 
Band also described how Kelly helped expand a fruitful relationship with UBS Global Wealth Management, introducing Bill Clinton to a top executive at a 2009 charity dinner. In the ensuing years, UBS upped its giving to the foundation, signed on as a Teneo client and agreed to pay Bill Clinton for speeches, Band wrote. Records show UBS paid Clinton about $2 million in speaking fees between 2011 and 2015 for a series of appearances, generally alongside former president George W. Bush. The company also paid Hillary Clinton $225,000 for a 2013 speech. 
UBS declined to comment. 
Another achievement cited by Band: Laureate International Universities, a chain of for-profit international colleges, which donated to the foundation and agreed to pay Bill Clinton $3.5 million a year to serve as honorary chancellor. 
Clinton has credited Band with conceiving of the Clinton Global Initiative, the glitzy annual meeting where corporate, government and nonprofit leaders gathered annually to talk about the world’s problems. Started in 2005, CGI became the best-known arm of the Clinton Foundation, which also operated education, environmental and health programs around the world. The final CGI meeting took place last month . 
By 2011, the longtime Clinton aide was ready to strike out on his own. 
That’s when Band and Kelly joined forces to form Teneo. At first, the firm remained closely linked to the Clinton network. 
Band described in the memo how he combined his work for CGI and Teneo. He wrote that he had used a hotel room upstairs from the 2011 CGI gathering to meet with Teneo clients. He also acknowledged giving free CGI memberships to “target Teneo clients” being cultivated as potential foundation donors. Memberships generally cost $20,000 a year. 
Teneo, meanwhile, named Bill Clinton its “honorary chairman.” Clinton had been initially tapped for a three-year arrangement in which he would provide advice to Teneo “regarding geopolitical, economic and social trends,” according to a separate June 2011 memo that Band wrote to the State Department seeking ethics approval for the former president’s employment. 
Bill Clinton was initially paid $2 million by Teneo, according to “Man of the World,” a book written with the former president’s participation by author Joe Conason. 
But Chelsea Clinton grew concerned when news leaked in late 2011 that MF Global, the hedge fund owned by former New Jersey governor Jon Corzine, had been paying the Clinton-tied firm $125,000 a month just before MF Global went bankrupt. According to emails released by WikiLeaks, Chelsea Clinton complained in December 2011 to longtime Clinton aide John Podesta, who at the time was serving as an adviser to the Clinton Foundation, that she had been informed that a member of her father’s office staff who answered to Band had been making calls to British lawmakers “on behalf of President Clinton” for Teneo clients, particularly for the chief executive of Dow Chemical. 
Chelsea Clinton wrote that the calls were occurring without her father’s knowledge and that the reactions she was hearing to them would “horrify” Bill Clinton. In another email, she wrote she feared Teneo was “hustling business at CGI.” Chelsea Clinton’s concerns helped spark efforts at the foundation to adopt new policies governing outside consulting agreements designed to erect a more solid wall between Bill Clinton’s private and charitable activities. Emails show that Cheryl Mills, who at the time was serving as Hillary Clinton’s chief of staff at the State Department, was deeply involved in the foundation’s proceedings. 
Bill Clinton also separated from Teneo, returning to the company all but $100,000 of the money he had been paid, tax returns show. 
Emails show how the dispute between Chelsea Clinton and her father’s longtime aide led to personal hostility. 
“I don’t deserve this from her and deserve a tad more respect or at least a direct dialogue for me to explain these things,” Band wrote to Podesta at the time. “She is acting like a spoiled brat kid who has nothing else to do but create issues to justify what she’s doing because she, as she has said, hasn’t found her way and has a lack of focus in her life.” 
Band complained that no similar scrutiny was being applied to Bill Clinton himself. Band noted that he had previously signed a conflict of interest document for CGI. 
“Oddly, WJC does not have to sign such a document even though he is personally paid by 3 cgi sponsors, gets many expensive gifts from them, some that are at home etc.,” he wrote. 
The Band memo disclosed by WikiLeaks on Wednesday made no direct reference to Hillary Clinton. 
But Band outlined that Kelly, his Teneo co-founder, had served simultaneously between 2009 and 2011 as an unpaid economic envoy to Northern Ireland appointed by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and as head of a separate consulting company whose clients included Coke, UBS and Dow. Band wrote that the arrangement was consistent with Kelly’s State Department ethics agreement. 
Kelly’s multiple roles came together during one State Department event in 2010, when then-Secretary Clinton recognized Dow, among other companies, for creating jobs in Northern Ireland and thanked Kelly for his work on the issue. 
Dow became one of Teneo’s first major clients. According to Band’s memo, Dow chief executive Andrew Liveris had been introduced to Bill Clinton over a round of golf with Kelly in August 2009. 
The company then increased its Clinton Foundation support, contributing $705,000 in 2010 and 2011. A Dow spokeswoman said that the company’s participation in the foundation dated to 2007 and that the charity was “aligned to core business and citizenship strategies that have positively leveraged the resources and capabilities of our company.” 
Dow paid Teneo $2.8 million in 2011, payments that then jumped to $19.4 million in 2012, according to internal Dow documents made public as part of a whistleblower complaint. The company later said in public filings that the increase reflected a cost-saving decision to consolidate several consulting contracts with one firm. But the spike raised red flags for an internal company fraud investigator, who expressed alarm that it may be linked to Bill Clinton’s work with a charity founded by Liveris — a charge the company denied. 
“It appears Dow is paying Teneo for connections with Clinton,” the investigator wrote. 
Anu Narayanswamy and Alice Crites contributed to this report.",0
8527,"Rapper T.I.: Snoop Dogg a ’Legend,’ Trump a ’Diarrhea Face Ass Man’","  T. I. defended a music video that featured fellow rapper Snoop Dogg aiming a gun at a Donald Trump   and in the process hurled several personal insults at the president in an Instagram post. [In a post to his account Wednesday, T. I.  —   real name Clifford Joseph Harris Jr.  —   called Snoop a “f*ckin legend” while at the same time blasting Trump as a “f*cking tangerine tanned muskrat scrotum skin, lacefront possum fur wig wearing, alternative fact, atomic dog diarrhea face ass man [sic]. ”   @snoopdogg is a Fuckin Legend u Fucking  Tangerine Tanned Muskrat scrotum skin,  Lacefront Possum fur Wig wearing, Alternative fact, Atomic Dog diarrhea face ass man! !!! Leave our legends names out ya fuckin old ass puppy piss smelling ass mouth  continue to focus on dividing minorities, building barriers, alienating immigrants, fuckin this country up like u been doin  …    . #UWannaBeDictator #PresidentialLevelFuckBoy, A post shared by TIP (@troubleman31) on Mar 15, 2017 at 9:41am PDT,  The   rapper’s outburst came in response to Trump’s   tweet Wednesday in which he called Snoop Dogg a “failing” artist. “Can you imagine what the outcry would be if Snoop Dogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama?” Trump tweeted Wednesday. “Jail time!” T. I. who’s spent months attacking Trump, demanded the president not utter Snoop Dogg’s name. “Leave our legends names out ya f*ckin old ass puppy piss smelling ass mouth  continue to focus on dividing minorities, building barriers, alienating immigrants,  f*ckin this country up like u been doin  …    . [sic],” T. I. wrote. The Secret Service has not indicated whether it is investigating Snoop Dogg, but the agency is “aware” of the controversial imagery depicted in the “Lavender” music video, The Wrap reported Tuesday. Lawmakers including Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) slammed Snoop Dogg’s video earlier this week. “We’ve had presidents assassinated before in this country, so anything like that is really something we should be very careful about,” Rubio told TMZ.    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
8528,Trump’s Dual Roles Collide With Openings in Dubai and Vancouver - The New York Times,"DUBAI, United Arab Emirates  —   The   guests strolled up red carpeted steps and through lines of smiling young women to reach the newest outpost in President Trump’s international business empire. At the Saturday night opening of the clubhouse of the Trump International Golf Club, Dubai, guests munched on mini chicken burgers and sipped fizzy lemonade while Eric Trump and Donald Trump Jr. the president’s adult sons, lauded the ruler of Dubai and their business partner, Hussain Sajwani. Mr. Sajwani, a billionaire businessman who, like Mr. Trump, built his wealth through real estate, told the crowd that working with the Trumps “was and continues to be a pleasure. ” On the other side of the world, in Vancouver, British Columbia, preparations continued for another   on Feb. 28, at a new Trump hotel and condo project there, funded by the Malaysian tycoon Tiah Thee Kian and his son, Tiah Joo Kim. The two projects, the first to open since Mr. Trump became president, are among the dozen international business deals from his former life still moving forward  —   from India to Indonesia, Uruguay to the Dominican Republic. None of them are “new deals,” as defined by the family, as they were already well underway before the election. Mr. Sajwani and Mr. Tiah share traits common among Mr. Trump’s partners around the world, including in Indonesia and the Philippines. They are brash, wealthy developers whose families have personal ties to Mr. Trump or to his children. But the projects in which the two men are involved highlight the complications created when the president of the United States also owns a global real estate company. Condominium units in the Vancouver building, the Trump International Hotel  Tower, have been purchased by affluent buyers, including a family that runs a Hong Kong machinery company   by a Chinese   enterprise, according to real estate and corporate records. The Trump Organization is managing only the hotel, in exchange for a fee. And Mr. Sajwani has contracted extensively with the United States military and spoken of entering the American real estate market  —   moves that could be easier with a friend in the White House. Eric Trump, who with his older brother helps run the Trump Organization now that their father is president, said before the Dubai event that the company was not the owner of either development, but only collected a small share of the revenues, and that it did not control who bought the units in Vancouver or the membership list at the golf course in Dubai. Addressing the guests on Saturday, Eric Trump praised his family’s partnership with Mr. Sajwani. “It is not every day that you have a partner that is also a great friend,” he said. “Hussain, thank you so much for your love, your friendship. ” Donald Trump Jr. praised Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid   the ruler of Dubai, saying it was his vision for the country that allowed such projects to succeed. “It’s a great example of what can be built here and what will continue to be built in the years to come,” he said. But actions by the elder Mr. Trump, since he began his presidential campaign and now that he is in the White House, have repercussions for his projects. Some in the Emirates worry about Mr. Trump’s stance toward Muslims. And Vancouver’s mayor called in December 2015 for the Trump name to be removed from the property there, given Mr. Trump’s statements about instituting a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. ” “Donald Trump’s hateful positions and commentary remind us all of much darker times in our world’s past  —   and it is incumbent upon all of us to forcefully challenge hatred in all of the ways that it confronts us,” Mayor Gregor Robertson wrote in a letter to the developer, citing thousands who had signed a petition to have Mr. Trump’s name removed. “It is their belief, and my belief, that Trump’s name and brand have no more place on Vancouver’s skyline than his ignorant ideas have in the modern world. ” A few years ago, Mr. Trump, then a real estate tycoon, visited what would turn out to be his first project to open after he became president and his first in the Arab world. The Trump International Golf Club Dubai was to form the centerpiece of a luxurious collection of upscale homes, and Mr. Trump wanted to check the details. “We walked through the golf course and he said: ‘You see that tree move it 10 feet there. That tree is too small make it bigger,’” recalled Niall McLoughlin, a senior vice president at Damac Properties, which owns the project. “His attention to detail is tremendous. ” The Trump Organization had been brought in to operate the golf course by Damac, whose chairman, Mr. Sajwani, had known Mr. Trump for years. Like Mr. Trump, Mr. Sajwani rose to billionaire status largely through flashy real estate projects. The son of a shopkeeper, he graduated from the University of Washington, then returned to the United Arab Emirates to found a catering company that provided meals to businesses. He soon found a bigger client: the United States government. During the first Persian Gulf war, in 1991, his company provided meals to American soldiers, and it has held similar contracts elsewhere in the Persian Gulf and in Somalia and Bosnia since then. But his wealth really took off when he focused on real estate in the early 2000s, as an economic boom in Dubai created a growing class of professionals looking for fancy homes. Mr. Sajwani has made his name with splashy promotions, sometimes offering free cars, including Mini Coopers and Lamborghinis, to home buyers. Last year, Forbes called him “The Donald of Dubai,” putting his net worth at $3. 2 billion. Mr. Sajwani now has projects around the Arab world and has expressed interest in investing in the United States. He has also maintained his relationship with Mr. Trump. Dressed in a traditional Emirati robe, Mr. Sajwani appeared at the opening of the Trump International Hotel in Washington in October, weeks before Mr. Trump was elected. And at his first news conference as   Mr. Trump said he had turned down an offer from Damac for a new $2 billion deal in Dubai. Questions swirled about the commitment of Mr. Sajwani, a Muslim in a predominately Muslim country, to the Trump brand in 2015, after Mr. Trump said that if elected, he would impose a ban on Muslims entering the United States. A few days later, billboards near the course in Dubai showing Mr. Trump swinging a golf club and his daughter Ivanka holding a handbag were temporarily taken down, as was Mr. Trump’s name, spelled out in gold letters on a wall near the entrance. Mr. McLoughlin, of Damac, said in an interview in November that the changes had been routine and unrelated to Mr. Trump’s statements. “It was a purely unfortunate coincidence,” he said. “We are an apolitical organization. ” There was no overt mention of Mr. Trump at the clubhouse opening on Saturday, but his name was omnipresent, on flags flying around the golf course and on hats, shirts, visors and balls for sale in the pro shop. No alcohol was served at the opening, though it will be available at the clubhouse. Mr. Trump’s companies, according to a financial disclosure report, were paid $1 million to $5 million for the Dubai golf course project last year, with another $1 million to $5 million coming from a second Dubai golf course still being built, also in partnership with Mr. Sajwani. Members will pay $36, 000 a year, plus a $10, 000   fee, said Mr. McLoughlin, who declined to say how many people had joined so far or who they were. But he suggested that the election had elevated Mr. Trump’s name. “His brand was a global brand, and now it’s an even bigger global brand,” he said. Later this month, Mr. Trump’s sons are scheduled to preside over another grand opening, this time of the Trump International Hotel  Tower Vancouver, which was developed by the Holborn Group, run by Tiah Joo Kim, 37. Mr. Tiah formed the partnership with the Trump family and spearheaded the development of the residence and hotel, his first major project, by making a pitch first to Donald Jr. Eric and Ivanka. Their father eventually signed off on the deal. Mr. Tiah’s father, Tiah Thee Kian, made his fortune in the Malaysian stock market in the 1980s. But in the late 1990s, he was accused of violating securities law and eventually paid a fine of about $900, 000. At the time, he was said to be a supporter of Anwar Ibrahim, then the deputy prime minister, who had challenged the leadership of Mahathir Mohamad, the prime minister. Mr. Anwar was later imprisoned on sodomy charges, a case widely seen as politically motivated. In a country that runs on political patronage, one where many decisions are made behind the scenes, the elder Mr. Tiah’s political alliance with Mr. Anwar may have contributed to his legal setbacks. Political analysts and insiders say he has not been involved in politics since that time and has kept a low profile. The company’s most profitable venture now is the Trump development in Vancouver, the younger Mr. Tiah said, adding that he assiduously avoided any political entanglements. When he reached an agreement with Mr. Trump in 2012, he never foresaw that Mr. Trump would have a political career. The Vancouver project includes 217 residential units. All were sold before the election except for the three penthouses, which have not been put on the market. No buyer has sought to back out, Mr. Tiah said. Two units belong to the Fong family, which paid more than $4. 2 million for them. Public records link the units to Sou Lam Fong, founder of CHTC Fong’s Industries Company Ltd. a   machinery company based in Hong Kong. The company is   by a Chinese   enterprise, China   Group Corporation, according to a recent annual report. “The Trump name represents quality,” said Bill Streeper, the mayor of the Northern Rockies municipality in British Columbia and a major real estate developer, who bought a unit in the tower on the 55th floor in 2013, long before Mr. Trump won the Republican nomination. Mr. Trump’s election victory has brought a great deal of attention, good and bad, to the hotel, the younger Mr. Tiah said. There have been a number of   protests, but the hotel has also received plenty of free publicity. On a recent visit to the hotel’s champagne bar, Brittany Dacosta, 26, was having a drink with her sister. She said it was her second time at Trump Vancouver in the past week. “This place is very controversial, so it kind of made us want to come here more,” she said. “I know it sounds bad, but Trump is glamorous. ” Mr. Tiah said he tried to steer a middle course and encourage tolerance. “The American people have chosen,” he said, “so let’s respect their decision and give him a chance. ”",0
8529,Don’t Call Them ‘Mocktails’ - The New York Times,"I’m always thrilled when a certain former drinking buddy comes to see me at the bar. He stopped drinking alcohol years ago, but he’s as fun to be around as he was when we sat side by side at a corner bar in TriBeCa many nights in the ’90s  —   probably more so. Quitting drinking, whether it’s for a month (as many are tempted to do this time of year) or forever, shouldn’t have to mean forgoing all the other, and arguably deeper, pleasures of bar culture: community and conversation. Of course it’s easier  —   and maybe economically sounder  —   to drink at home, but we go to bars because other people are there, and the fellowship we find with them is, for many of us, more important than the pints and shots. I want my friend to be as happy and relaxed at the bar as any other customer, and he deserves something better than a cranberry and seltzer. Given the limited resources at my small, neighborhood pub, a virgin bloody mary usually does the trick  —   and mixed with a good nonalcoholic beer, it makes an excellent base for a virgin michelada, too. Cocktail and restaurant bars are also making a greater effort to make nondrinkers feel welcome and well looked after. Some have dedicated nonalcoholic drink menus. On the list at Boston’s Bar Mezzana is a festive number called the Orchid Thief, fragrant with orange and tinged with vanilla, fizzed up with club soda and served in a flute  —   a celebratory glassful of   bubbly. Abigail Gullo at Compère Lapin in New Orleans gladly accommodates nondrinkers with a cooler composed of fresh blackberries, citrus juices and orgeat, an almondy syrup that hints at the flavor of amaretto. Another creative bartender, the Los   Gabriella Mlynarczyk, has deliberately developed recipes that are delicious and satisfying with or without alcohol. One is the Mumbai Mule, for which she concocts a spicy syrup of ginger, turmeric, coriander, cumin, paprika, cayenne and honey. She then mixes it with coconut milk, tops it off with ginger beer and garnishes it with fresh curry leaves. Part of the appeal of sitting at a bar with a cocktail is that it’s an opportunity to sip something special, unusual and lovely to behold. The three options featured here succeed in all these criteria. But let’s not call them mocktails  —   they’re not mocking anything. They stand on their own flavorful merits. In bartending circles, there has always been discussion about the pressure to drink and the toll it can take. It’s an important conversation, and my sense is that in recent years it has become more open and more honest. Good drink will always be part of my life, but my constitution isn’t what it was when I drank most every night at that corner bar in TriBeCa. A glass of Champagne on New Year’s Eve still suits me. A gin fizz the following afternoon, sure. But on Jan. 2, make me a Mumbai Mule  —   and hold the vodka, please. Recipes: Mumbai Mule | Orchid Thief | Blackberry Cooler",0
8530,“Gaslighting”: One of The Most Dangerous Forms of Mental Manipulation We All Deal With,"posted by Eddie The universe can be a funny place sometimes. I’ve been doing a lot of research about a form of mental abuse that a lot of us are not only susceptible to, but actually deal with every single day. It is one of those things that we don’t even realize is happening to us, we just see the results: self-doubt, diminished self-esteem, and reduced self-worth. The world has a way of beating even the best of us down from time to time but this specific form of manipulation is one that can be identified and removed from our day-to-day existence. PLANTED SEEDS OF DOUBT Back in 1938, there was a play called “Gas Light” that was later adapted into a movie in 1944. In the story, a husband works diligently to convince his wife and their acquaintances that she is insane by making very small and subtle changes to their environment. When the wife would point out the changes, the husband convinced her that she was wrong about the changes and that she was crazy. Slowly but surely, the wife starts to give in to the self-doubt created by those subtle changes, namely a gas lamp that the husband keeps dimming, hence the term “gaslighting”. OUR PERCEPTION IS OUR REALITY In the play, the key was the husband’s ability to alter the wife’s perception of reality. She saw the lamp as being dimmer and the husband assures her that it is not. He made he doubt her perception, and therefore her reality. It is a form of mental abuse that people too often don’t even realize what is happening to them. For the perpetrator, the ability to control the victim’s own perceptions of themselves and the things around them allows them to control the victim themselves. In reality, it happens every single day. It’s all around us. How many advertisements do you see that claim that using their product will somehow enhance your life? That’s a mild form of gaslighting. You are made to think that some aspect of you or your life is incomplete. You are made to DOUBT yourself. Further, you are made to think that whatever product is being peddled is the solution to what is supposedly lacking in your life. GASLIGHTING IN OUR LIVES The specific situation that inspired this article involved one of the most beautiful and amazing women I have ever known dealing with a break up from a man that never deserved to be with her in the first place. I explained to her that there are people in our lives who will try to break us down to be on their level . So, what is the answer to gaslighting? MAINTAINING YOUR OWN REALITY THROUGH YOUR OWN PERCEPTIONS. I’ll tell you now, the same thing I told her: You see, my friend, there are people in this world who will look at a unicorn and think to themselves, “woah, that is a unicorn, which is something I will never be.” They will try to convince you, the unicorn, that you are just an average horse like them with a weird growth on your head that you should probably get checked out by some kind of medical professional that deals with head growths. They will try to steal your magic and make you as dull and ordinary as the plain, old horses that they are. Because they need you to be a plain, old horse like they are, just to bring you down to their level… As we’ve established: you are not just a plain,old horse. You are not a fast race horse. You aren’t even one of those fancy British horses that those chicks in those hot pant/knee-high boot getups use to jump over stuff… YOU ARE A UNICORN. DESPITE WHAT ANYONE ELSE SAYS. YOU ARE ONE IN 7.4 BILLION, AND THAT IS A BEAUTIFUL THING. source:",0
8531,Trump Pal Peter Thiel Running for Governor of California?,"Peter Thiel, the Silicon Valley billionaire and unofficial Trump tech advisor, may be considering a run for governor of California, according to three Republicans close to him. [Worth an estimated $2. 7 Billion, Thiel made his money by   conventional wisdom.    of Paypal and an early investor in Facebook, Thiel has proven his contrarian mindset can lead an outlier to decisive victory in business and investing, but can it translate to politics?  According to Politico, Thiel “has been discussing a prospective bid with a small circle of advisors, including Rob Morrow, who has emerged as his political consigliere. Morrow has worked at Clarium Capital, the San   investment management firm and hedge fund that Thiel started. ” The    entrepreneur may have to explain that he only intends to be governor of the most ungovernable state  —   not king of a new country. After all, just last week Mr. Thiel told Maureen Dowd of the New York Times that California should secede from the union. Maureen Dowd: California should secede. Peter Thiel: Confirm. I’d be fine with that. I think it would be good for California, good for the rest of the country. It would help Mr. Trump’s   campaign. But that won’t be his biggest challenge. In order to win, Thiel will have to take a page out of   Donald Trump’s playbook, and unite some widely disparate factions in California’s “jungle primary”  —   where the top two candidates advance to the general election regardless of party. If he can win over some of the #CalExit left who want to secede and also pull in some of those on the right who’ve been pushing for an independent State of Jefferson in the inland and   counties, he might have a chance. Both the Republican and Democrat parties have been shrinking in favor of the   demographic that identifies as “neither” (a. k. a. “decline to state”). That really puts California in play for the right candidate  —   with the right message. The question is: is Peter Thiel that candidate? In the age of Trump, how does he compare? Clearly, Thiel will be attacked from the left for supporting Mr. Trump, and he’ll be attacked from the right for supporting Mr. Newsom. How he addresses the most controversial issues  —   taxes, water rights, illegal immigration, entitlement reform and gun rights —   will determine if Thiel’s to have any chance at all. Yet the key to winning California isn’t being the smartest candidate, but the one who can put into words the angst and frustration and fears of some of the most oppressed people in the free world. And then lay out a vision to Make California Great Again. Tim Donnelly is a Former California State Assemblyman  —   Author, Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless  —   FaceBook: https:  . facebook. . donnelly.   —   Twitter: @PatriotNotPol,  ",0
8532,’Dog Company’: Bronze Star Decorated Army Captain Explains How Politically Correct Lawyers Are Betraying Our Troops,"Army Captain Roger Hill joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily to talk about his new book, Dog Company: A True Story of American Soldiers Abandoned by Their High Command. [“The bottom line here is that we’ve got a set of politically driven rules of engagement that are getting our guys and girls overseas killed and hurt unnecessarily,” Hill said of his book’s urgent message.  LISTEN: “This book Dog Company highlights a number of examples of that, in a real setting, during a real deployment to a province in eastern Afghanistan” in 2008 and 2009, according to Hill.  “My First Sergeant, Tommy Scott, and myself, we led a heavy weapons company in a violent province in eastern Afghanistan,” he recalled. “It seemed like the enemy was always one step ahead of us, and we discovered why. Through the aid of a   team, we uncovered twelve spies operating on our base. These were Afghan laborers that were hired by the U. S. government to serve as translators and other workers to support us so that we could focus on combat operations. ”  “Also at that time, I was receiving credible intelligence that the enemy was planning a   attack against my base. My command made multiple calls to our higher command to get these twelve spies taken off our hands, as was according to protocol. They would not,” he continued. “Working against that clock, this credible intelligence of a   attack, we decided to interrogate these spies ourselves to disrupt the attack. The interrogation consisted of me firing a weapon into the ground and scaring some detainees into talking. That led to an investigation, the investigation to a hearing, and a handful of us being drummed out of the military,” Hill said. Marlow asked why the book is presented as “something the Army doesn’t want you to read. ” “There’s a thing that a lot of troops overseas refer to in a negative way, and it’s this ideal of ‘catch and release’ or ‘revolving door’ regarding our detainee policies overseas,” Hill explained. “A lot of Marines, a lot of guys from the Army on the ground have dealt with this, where you catch detainees, enemy combatants on the battlefield  —   in this case also spies  —   and our higher commands are forcing us to simply release them. ”  “I’ve got a really vivid, colorful example of this among several throughout the book, but one that I’ll highlight right here is, we were in a firefight once in a very dangerous valley called Tangi Valley in Wardak Province,” he recalled. We pushed through the ambush line, came across some enemy fighters. We killed some, captured one guy. It just so happened that we blew his arm off. We’re a heavy weapons company, so Mark Nineteens,   machine guns. ”  “We patch him up, put a tourniquet on him, take him to Higher,” Hill continued. “They save his life, essentially, and they send him back to us two weeks later, and they say, ‘Hey, we know you caught this enemy fighter, but he’s outside that window of time you had to bring charges against him, so we need you to take him back to the point of capture  —   which is a very dangerous area  —   and release him. ’”  He later noted that under NATO rules of engagement, troops in the field have only 96 hours to file charges against suspected enemy combatants or saboteurs, a time frame he called “insane”  —   especially since the enemy is well aware of the rules and knows how to run out the clock. “I’ve been forced to give guys cab fare so they could go back to their villages after we captured them in combat operations,” he revealed. Hill found it “disheartening” to be at odds with his government. “I feel like myself, my men have been discarded,” he said. “However, when you take on a story like this  —   and this book has taken about seven years to write, the government has done a number of things to throw obstacles in our way, to prevent us from getting to publication, so it’s been a long journey. What happens when you write a story like this is, a lot of people start to come out of the woodwork and disclose their own experiences. So I know this is a pretty rampant problem, and I know the right thing to do is make light of it, so the American people know about what’s going on, and they can put pressure on our political system to make change,” he said. “Our young Marines and soldiers do not get to pick and choose where they go to fight, what enemy they get to fight. That’s something we do, and by extension of our votes through the political process, our government does,” he noted.  “We have an obligation as a people, as a government, that when we send them into these complex environments  —   especially like the ones we’re dealing with in the Middle East, where the enemy fights and then basically falls back into their own populace knowing that they’re going to take civilian casualties, goading us into this sort of collateral damage  —   we have an obligation to stand behind our men and women in uniform when things go sideways, maybe when civilians are killed, and back them. We’re not doing that right now,” he urged. Hill said his book is filled with instances of U. S. troops under fire “haggling with their high command” to justify requests for fire support or   support, illustrating that issues at the political, strategic, and tactical levels need to be addressed. “The bottom line is, our rules of engagement need to be reviewed. Those parts of it that are overly restrictive and overly cumbersome need to be rolled back  —   especially now, before we consider stepping foot into another theater of conflict,” said Hill. He described tactical command failures, such as failing to send a couple of Blackhawk helicopters to pick up the spies his unit discovered in Afghanistan, as “abandonment” of our troops. “However, when they found out we interrogated these spies ourselves, they initiated an investigation, and they sent slews of Blackhawk helicopters into our base to bring in investigators to investigate us for our actions,” he added. Hill looked back to 2003, when General Eric Shinseki told the Bush administration that at least 250, 000 “boots on the ground” would be needed to win on the ground in Iraq, because “it’s not going in to invade a country that you have to worry about it’s the phase three and phase four of rebuilding that you have to worry about. ” “We have only dealt with Iraq and Afghanistan in terms of tens of thousands,” he pointed out. “We have not even come close to the resources that are necessary to fight and win in that conflict, both in Iraq and Afghanistan. So we have constantly and consistently, from the very beginning, set our people up for failure. ” He further quoted World War II General Douglas MacArthur’s advice that the troops who defeat a wartime enemy should not also be tasked with rebuilding efforts, but “we’ve asked our people for the last 10 or 15 years to do both jobs, in an extremely   state. ” “All these things matter. All these things need to be looked at. They all affect how well we can do our jobs. The bottom line here is if we’re going to ask our people to go in and do a job, then we need to back them when things go sideways. And if we’re going to ask them to do a job, we need to resource them and equip them so that we can see it through to the end,” he urged. This is all the more important because access to local resources can be problematic in theaters like Afghanistan. In the case of the interrogation that led to the Army investigating his unit, Hill mentioned that he was unable to share some of the intelligence he had on the suspected enemy spies with Afghan police officers and had to contend with the possibility that some of them were compromised enemy agents. He noted that the danger of insider threats has proven to be far worse than originally estimated. Hill warned that working with kid gloves in such treacherous environments, in a type of warfare which relies very heavily on timely and reliable intelligence, is incredibly dangerous. In his own case, he was accused of war crimes and “psychological torture” for merely perpetrating a ruse designed to frighten his   prisoners into divulging vital information. In essence, he tricked these prisoners into thinking their less valuable comrades had been taken outside by American troops to be beaten and shot, when, in truth, none of them suffered more than a hard slap. “The lawyers are running the war,” he complained. “That’s part of the problem here. ” Hill described himself as a “  veteran” whose   died from wounds suffered during World War I. “My grandfather served in the Navy during WW2. My dad was an infantryman, and I’m an infantry  —   was an infantry officer,” he said. “I went to West Point, branched infantry, became a Ranger, airborne qualified, served in Korea, Iraq, and then Afghanistan, which is where the book is set. My time in Iraq was spent as a combat adviser. I fought alongside the Kurds and the Peshmerga, fought from just south of Mosul all the way down to Ramadi during the surge in Iraq. ” Hill enthusiastically agreed with critics who say media bias and   journalism have distorted the true stories of Afghanistan and Iraq. “This book Dog Company is full of examples of that and full of examples of a lot of the politically driven rules of   stuff that we just talked about,” he told Marlow.  “There is a story in the book, one of the chapters about   of the way in, where we receive an SOS call from a New York National Guard unit that gets caught up in a valley called Tangi Valley,” he offered as an example.  “We had this sort of IM chat capability from vehicle to vehicle, so these guys are about 45 minutes away in the valley, and we get this SOS chat: ‘Hey, we’re in trouble. Come give us a hand if you’re nearby or available.’ So we load up, move out to those guys, not expecting to do so on that day because we had other operations going on,” he recalled.  “We show up, their vehicles are burned through the asphalt into the bedrock. There are uniform items strewn about the battlefield. There are shell casings all over the place. Soon after, a special operations unit shows up on the ground with pictures of two guys and says, ‘Hey, we’ve got two New York National Guardsmen missing in action right now. We’ve got to go find their bodies. We’re not sure if they’re dead or alive,’” he continued.  “That mission turns into a hunt, a search for these two guys. Long story short, our unit  —   my guys, Dog Company  —   finds one of the guys in a field some distance away. His arms had been hacked off. He’s naked. His uniform has been ripped off. His heart has been cut out, or at least that’s what we suspect because there is a hole in his chest right where his heart should be. At this point in time, we had a lot of assets in the air, and we were getting reports that his fingers were being sold in the local bazaars as war trophies. ” “My guys are the guys on the ground that are sifting through all this crap, and I find out some number of weeks later that what’s reported in the AP is that three National Guard soldiers were killed in action in Afghanistan in this area. Here are their ages. Here are their ranks. Here are their names. Killed in an I. D. ambush. End of story. No further comment,” said Hill. “Part of the problem here is that the American people don’t know what we’re up against,” he contended. “They don’t know how barbaric and savage the enemy that we’re dealing with is, and the government has been hiding this from us. It really changes your perspective when you understand what you’re really dealing with. It changes the sense of urgency that you have. It changes what you’re willing to do to overcome such a barbaric enemy. Unfortunately, the American people have had a lot of this stuff repressed and hidden from them. ” Hill said the Obama administration was “a good example of the type of mindset and people that have pushed us more in the direction of being too P. C. and   the military and the government at large. ” “The folks that have been advocates and have really come to the aid of Dog Company and other stories like ours, are folks like United American Patriots,” he added. “They’re an organization that is working to push the current administration, and has for past administrations, to conduct full reviews of the Uniform Military Code of Justice, to review the laws of warfare versus the rule of law, which is what we’re trying to push overseas. ” “You can’t fight a counterinsurgency, you can’t fight combat, with the same rules and restrictions that you police your own First World country with,” he argued. “There’s an inevitable conflict there between what we should be subscribing to in terms of law of warfare, which gives commanders a lot more latitude on the battlefield to discern and make decisions that they need to, given the realities on the ground  —   versus trying to push this agenda of, ‘Hey, we rule with police in a highly progressive Western civilization let’s try to apply that rule of law to a   or   country.’ It just doesn’t work. ” Marlow asked Hill to clarify just what the government has done to prevent publication of his book. “There’s a case that’s central to this book. This book is tragic, but it’s also unfortunately very entertaining,” Hill observed. “The feedback that we’ve gotten is that when people pick it up, from the first chapter, they can’t put it down. The reason for that is it has a number of really neat elements to it. It’s sort of a cross between Band of Brothers and that sort of combat action and brotherhood, and then also it ends and sort of culminates with a court hearing, if you will, action. It’s sort of a cross between Band of Brothers and A Few Good Men. ” “The case central to the story was kicked off by an investigation which led to a hearing. The findings took that investigation and hearing  —   an Article 32 hearing, for those of your audience that are familiar with military law  —   the findings were written by an investigating officer who sort of serves as a judge, over what is equivalent to a civilian grand jury proceeding,” he explained.  “My higher command at that time fought to  —   and I didn’t know this  —   they conspired to make that set of findings an ‘incomplete record’ through a technicality, to make it unavailable through the Freedom of Information Act to the American public. From the very beginning, the findings were stifled and masked by the government to try to prevent the American public from knowing what really happened to Dog Company in Afghanistan in 2008 and 2009,” he charged.  “If you flip through the book, you’ll notice that there are a number of redactions in the book,” Hill added. “We submitted the book to the Office of Security Review at the Pentagon. They advertise that they can turn a book around in a month. They’ve got a whole office and staff dedicated to doing this. They got back to us once they received the book and said, ‘Hey, you’re book’s a little long’  —   our book’s about 420 pages it’s got a bit of a presence to it  —   and they said, ‘It’s gonna take us two months.’ It took them a year to get their review done, and when we got the book back, by that point in time, we had hired subject matter experts in   and intelligence to review it, and they argued that 90 percent of the redactions that the government had made were already in federally funded websites. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. Listen to the full audio of the interview above.",0
8533,Comment on Donald Trump Tells Veterans He’s ‘Financially Brave’ by Debbie Menon,"‹ › Arnaldo Rodgers is a trained and educated Psychologist. He has worked as a community organizer and activist. Donald Trump Tells Veterans He’s ‘Financially Brave’ By Arnaldo Rodgers on November 5, 2016 Also questioned whether Hillary would make a good commander-in-chief. ""To think of her being their boss, I don't think so."" Find Your Job Now at HireVeterans.com 
By Tessa Berenson 
Speaking in front of decorated veterans at a foreign-policy focused rally, Trump said members of the military are “so much braver” than he is. 
“They’re so much braver than me. I wouldn’t have done what they did,” Trump said, going off-script in a foreign-policy focused address Thursday evening in Selma, NC. “I’m brave in other ways. I’m financially brave.” 
The Republican nominee also argued that the ongoing investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was Secretary of State should make the military wary of promoting her to Commander-in-Chief. 
Read the Full Article at time.com >>>> Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VNN, VNN authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. Notices Posted by Arnaldo Rodgers on November 5, 2016, With 0 Reads, Filed under Veterans . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can leave a response or trackback to this entry FaceBook Comments",0
8534,Will FBI Director Comey’s October Surprise Derail Hillary’s White House Bid?,"Dispatches from STEPHEN LENDMAN H aving closed his earlier investigation into Hillary’s use of her private email server for classified State Department documents without bringing charges, dismissing indictable evidence, it’s hard imagining a shift of agency policy now. So what’s going on? Is FBI Director Comey trying to save face, even at this late stage, having tarnished the reputation of the agency and himself. The fullness of time will show what he has in mind. He faces intense political pressure from key Democrat senators, demanding immediate answers about why he’s reopening his investigation days before November’s election, an unprecedented act. .. Senators Patrick Leahy, Dianne Feinstein, Thomas Carper and Ben Cardin wrote Comey , saying: .. “(N)o later than Monday, 31 October 2016, we request you provide us with more detailed information about the investigative steps being taken, the number of emails involved, and what is being done to determine how many of the emails are duplicative of those already reviewed by the FBI.” They want Attorney General Loretta Lynch explaining her involvement in Comey’s action, if any. The Hillary campaign called for “public answers” to clarify what new information the FBI discovered. .. After saying that revisiting his decision last July would be unlikely, Comey opted for an October surprise – the likes of which Washington hasn’t seen since the tumultuous end of Nixon’s tenure. Paul Craig Roberts said he’s gotten word “ that the FBI has reopened the Hillary case of her violation of US National Security protocols, not because of the content of the new email releases, but because voter support for Trump seems to be overwhelming, while Hillary has cancelled appearances due to inability to muster a crowd. The popular vote leaves the FBI far out on the limb for its corrupt clearance of Hillary. The agency now has to redeem itself.” .. How remains to be seen. Like Roberts, I’m puzzled. Washington power brokers chose Hillary to succeed Obama. Enormous resources, energy, corporate pollsters consistently showing her ahead, and one-sided scoundrel media support have gone into assuring it. .. Have things changed days before November 8? Are power brokers abandoning Hillary this late in the game? The last 48 hours have been breathtaking – the stuff Hollywood thrillers are made of. Will Hillary supporters blame Russia for Comey’s action? One Democrat congressman suggested it. Will Comey be accused of being a Kremlin agent? .. However things unfold in the campaign’s final days, Trump got a significant boost – whether enough for a “master of suspense” Alfred Hitchcock ending remains to be seen. My view, right or wrong, remains the same. After going all-out for Hillary throughout months of campaigning, it’s hard believing power brokers decided otherwise this late in the game – unheard of in US electoral politics. .. At the same time, this political season has been unlike any I remember since the 1940s. Nothing ahead will surprise me. NOTE: ALL IMAGE CAPTIONS, PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE EDITORS, NOT THE AUTHORS ABOUT THE AUTHOR STEPHEN LENDMAN lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net . His new book as editor and contributor is titled “Flashpoint in Ukraine: US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III.” ( http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html ) Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com . =SUBSCRIBE TODAY! NOTHING TO LOSE, EVERYTHING TO GAIN.= free • safe • invaluable If you appreciate our articles, do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. It’s free and it implies no obligation to you— ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Greanville Post several times a week. [email-subscribers namefield=”YES” desc=”” group=”Public”]",0
8535,Almost No Children In France Are Medicated For ADHD: This Is How They Define & Treat It,"Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/almost-no-children-in-france-are.html The French do not recognize ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder) rejecting the idea that medicines that are usually prescribed for the condition are at all helpful. Another difference is that the French tend not to raise their children on the additive-laced food that parents in the U.S so, coincidence?These two very different cultures have different ADHD levels in children, in America the rate is 19 percent, and in France, it’s .5% – a half of a percent. For that half percent, the treatment includes no chemical or medicine whatsoever, opting for older fashioned methods.French children are subjected to much less sugar and additive-laden foods. Sugary cereals, fast food and fizzy drinks are consumed in much less volume than in the U.S, they are not shown the same advert driven television programs and lead an altogether more simple life.In 1998, Dr. Edward C. Hamlyn of the Royal College of General Practitioners said: “ADHD is fraud intended to justify starting children on a life of drug addiction"". One of the founding fathers of ADHD as a medical psychiatric disorder, Leon Eisenberg, confessed on his deathbed in 2009 at the age of 87: “ADHD is a prime example of a fictitious disease.” The evidence is overwhelming that the 'treatment' for this 'condition' is a fraud. Drugging America: 19 Statistics - Almost - Too Crazy to Believe Cognitive therapy was traded in for drugs a long time ago. Doctors are urged to write prescriptions as the government and Big Pharma are in it together.Psychiatrists were known to give all of 15 minutes time to a patient and be writing out a prescription for pharmaceuticals. Only drastic circumstances would allow for a review of the prescription, as patients' complaints fell on the deaf ears.This culture of giving pills away like candy resulted in children as young as three be prescribed drungs such as Ritalin (methylphenidate) and Adderall (amphetamine, dextroamphetamine mixed salts), without any other methods being tried first. There are now 5 million children in the U.S. on Ritalin or Adderall who have been resigned to either a life sentence of these drugs, or the awful process of weening themselves off them if they decide to do so. Reference: http://organicandhealthy.org Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
8536,A Forgotten Step in Saving African Wildlife: Protecting the Rangers - The New York Times,"ISIOLO, KENYA  —   Anna Phiri was 15 when her mother, a park ranger in Zambia, was murdered by poachers. On Sept. 2, 2010, Esnart Paundi was standing guard with a colleague over two men they had caught with illegal bushmeat. What happened next is uncertain, but Ms. Phiri has heard that a third poacher, unknown to her mother, was hiding in the bush. He jumped out and slashed her colleague’s head with a machete. Ms. Paundi, who was unarmed, ran. But the poachers gave chase, and when they caught her, they killed her. Ms. Paundi, 38, was the breadwinner for her five siblings, and she left behind five children, now orphans. Though she died serving her country and protecting its wildlife, she had no life insurance, and officials offered no assistance to her family. “They didn’t even say anything to us,” Ms. Phiri said. The world depends on individuals like Ms. Paundi to protect increasingly imperiled wildlife. But many rangers do not receive the support they need. A recent World Wildlife Fund study of 570 rangers in 12 African countries found that 59 percent did not have basic supplies like boots, tents and GPS devices, and that 42 percent had not received adequate training. Despite the critical role rangers play in the poaching crisis, conservation organizations tend to overlook the need for everyday resources, said Peter Newland, the director of training at 51 Degrees, a private security company in Kenya. “Donors outside of Africa want to see sexy,   solutions like drones and ground sensors, not to hear about the need for warm clothing, boots and better food for rangers,” he said. “Large nongovernmental groups spend huge amounts, yet there are rangers calling me for socks. ” The wildlife fund study also found that 82 percent of rangers had faced   situations, including attacks by poachers and animals. Ms. Paundi was one of more than 1, 000 rangers killed on the job over the past 10 years, according to the Thin Green Line Foundation, which supports park rangers and their families. Many receive little or nothing from the government. Another World Wildlife Fund study, in 10 African countries, found that just 60 percent of rangers had health insurance, 50 percent had life insurance and 40 percent had   disability insurance. “Imagine how demotivating it would be to see a mate killed and then to witness his family removed from their house and his kids taken out of school because they receive no wage as a thank you for his sacrifice after he’s gone,” said Sean Willmore, who founded the Thin Green Line Foundation. “Morale plays a massive role in reducing poaching. ” Governmental corruption makes a ranger’s job even more difficult in many parts of Africa. Poachers have been supported by officials in a number of countries. But rangers would be in trouble even if there were no corruption, Mr. Willmore said. In the last two years, the foundation has spent $1. 2 million on equipment and training for rangers and has supported more than 150 families of those killed in the line of duty, including Ms. Paundi’s. The organization is putting her children through school. Similarly, For Rangers, a charity   by Mr. Newland that raises money through extreme racing events, has donated $200, 000 worth of gear, vehicles, medical supplies and family aid to rangers at 10 parks throughout Africa since April 2014. “There’s a huge amount of recognition for the illegal wildlife trade crisis, but not a huge amount for the people really doing the    work to stop it,” said Sam Taylor, a   of For Rangers and the head of conservation projects at 51 Degrees. But small nonprofit groups can support only a fraction of the estimated 20, 000 to 25, 000 rangers working in Africa. “Performance is definitely affected by the lack of insurance, combined with the high risk factor and the lack of training and equipment,” said Rohit Singh, the lead author of the World Wildlife Fund studies. “How can we expect rangers to deliver if they do not have these basic things?” When rangers are well taken care of and receive appropriate training, poaching rates tend to drop, Mr. Singh and Mr. Willmore said. Lewa Wildlife Conservancy, a wildlife sanctuary in Kenya, for example, was losing unprecedented numbers of rhinoceroses when it overhauled its operations in 2014. To turn things around, the conservancy invested in specialized training, brought in a helicopter, installed a new communications system and strengthened relationships with local communities. Since then, Lewa has not lost a single rhino. “There was a time when rhinos were poached here so often that we were becoming scared, but we’ve tried our best and we’ve stopped it,” said Francis Kobia Chokera, 44, a ranger at Lewa. “We had security before, but not like it is now. It’s very, very tight. ” Mr. Chokera’s job is still demanding: He patrols on foot for 12 hours a day, and like 47 percent of the rangers interviewed by the wildlife fund, he sees his family fewer than five days per month. But he has insurance, earns around $3, 600 a year  —   more than two times the average income in Kenya  —   and receives overtime, free housing and a pension. “By good luck, I was given the chance to work here,” he said. “I’ve always loved animals. ” Timothy Tear, executive director for the Wildlife Conservation Society’s Africa program, said that success stories like Lewa’s are “where hope is found. ” He noted that the conservancy’s considerable investment in security and ranger training  —   $1 million a year  —   has been integral to its success. “If you do the simple math of dollars spent to acres protected, you will find Lewa at the top of the    gradient,” Dr. Tear said. Other protected areas that have received large investments in ranger training and support  —   like the Sabi Sand Game Reserve in South Africa  —   have seen similar gains against poachers. In 2013, the reserve lost 51 rhinos, but only two have been killed this year. “Our rangers were herders, but now they’re effectively soldiers,” said David Powrie, Sabi Sand’s warden. “They’re at the center of all our operations. ” For now, such cases are the exception, but Mr. Willmore said better and broader training could be a first step toward improving working conditions for rangers across Africa. The Thin Green Line Foundation plans to teach 30 to 50 exceptional rangers the skills needed to be trainers themselves, and then host six events a year at which they would instruct their colleagues. “At the moment, most training rangers get, if any, is expensive and done by expats, and there’s no ” Mr. Willmore said. “By training the trainers, we will potentially reach over 15, 000 rangers in the next five years and help change the game on the ground. ” Though training would not solve problems like a lack of insurance and equipment, it could save the lives of both animals and rangers. Recently, a ranger who had been taught   was attacked by a poacher with a machete and was able to use a stick to knock down the suspect and arrest him, said Craig Millar, the head of security for Kenya’s Big Life Foundation, a community conservation group. Ms. Paundi, the ranger in Zambia, had no such training. “Protecting wildlife is good, but my mom didn’t have enough protection herself,” said Ms. Phiri, her daughter. “I believe if my mother had the proper training, equipment and security, she would still be alive today. ”",0
8537,"FBI Found ""Tens Of Thousands Of Emails"" Belonging To Huma Abedin On Weiner's Laptop | RedFlag News","
ZERO HEDGE 
With furious Democrats - and the Clinton Campaign - now openly blasting the FBI's reopened investigation (as Republicans take delight for once in having a government agency reinforce their side of events), the question turns to just what emails were found on Weiner's laptop, and how damaging their contents are for the FBI to take the unprecedented step of ""intervening"" in a major political event just days before the national election. 
We first laid what was the most likely explanation yesterday , when we showed several examples of Huma Abedin emails being sent from her work email account to her personal account at , courtesy of a Judicial Watch FOIA release. Of the more than 160 emails in the latest Judicial Watch release, some 110 emails – two-thirds of the total – were forwarded by Abedin to two personal addresses she controlled. The Washington Times reported in August 2015 that the State Department had admitted to a federal judge that Abedin and Mills used personal email accounts to conduct government business in addition to Clinton’s private clintonemail.com to transact State Department business. 
One email from May 15, 2009, was sent by Abedin from her State Department email to her personal email. Abedin was archiving in her personal email account an email Hillary Clinton sent her from Clinton’s private email server at . Abedin was asked to print out attachments to an email Mills sent via a private address the previous day to Clinton involving “timetables and deliverables” for her review via Alec Ross, a technology policy expert who then held the title of senior adviser for innovation to Secretary Clinton. 
However, while forwarding Hillary's emails to her personal email server for ""convenience"" is one thing, what is more troubling is the amount of redaction involved in these emails which migrated to the open email account, which as we now know ended up in Anthony Weiner's computer: in the above example, the two pages of timetables and deliverables attached to the email were 100 percent redacted, with “PAGE DENIED” stamped across the first redacted page. 
An argument can be made that the extensive redaction confirms confidential material was part of the transmission. 
This is a nuanced point being pushed by Hillary Clinton supporters such as Newsweek's Kurt Eichenwald, who in an article yesterday tried to make a case citing ""sources"" (even though the FBI said that nobody has seen the content of the Weiner/Abedin emails), that "" no emails being examined by FBI were to or from Clinton ."" No emails being examined by FBI were to or from Clinton. All of this has to do with procedures followed by an aide. https://t.co/mcsBi7j7XU — Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 
It remains to be seen just what is in the emails, although whether Hillary sent emails with confidential content herself, or directed, or simply allowed her closest aide, Huma Abedin to forward such emails to her outside unsecured email address (where they subsequently ended up on Anthony Weiner's notebook), is what this latest case will be all about and how it will be defended and prosecuted in the media, by the water coolers and perhaps, in court. 
However, we do know one thing: according to the NYT , the number of Huma emails that made their way to Weiner's PC was staggering: 
The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner, a former Democratic congressman from New York, sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case — one federal official said they numbered in the tens of thousand 
Which brings up two more critical questions: i) when she was questioned by the FBI over the summer, did Huma reveal and admit the existence of these ""thousands"" of emails located on a personal, home computer, and ii) will the FBI be able to comb through everything in the next 10 days ahead of the election? If the answer to the second question is no, will the US presidential election really take place with one candidate currently under FBI investigation, one which could potentially lead to impeachment proceedings within weeks or days of her being elected president? 
Still, the biggest irony in this latest debacle is that it was largely predicted by Donald Trump himself back in August of 2015. It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world. ",0
8538,Comey: I Did Not Tell Trump His Flynn Request Was Inappropriate - ’I Don’t Want to Make It Sound Like I’m Captain Courageous’ - Breitbart,"Comey on why he didn’t go to White House counsel: “I was a bit stunned and didn’t have the presence of mind” https:  .  Thursday during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing featuring testimony from former FBI Director James Comey said he did not tell President Donald Trump his request to let the invesigation of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn “go” was inappropriate because he was not “Captain Courageous. ”  Partial transcript as follows: RUBIO: As you understood it he was asking not about the general Russian investigation he was asking very specifically about the jeopardy that Flynn was in himself. COMEY: That’s how I understood it yes sir. RUBIO: As you perceived it, while he was a request that you hoped you would do away with it, you perceived it as an order? Given his position and the setting and alike and some of the circumstances. COMEY: Yes. RUBIO: At the time did you say anything to the president about that, that’s not an appropriate request or tell the White House counsel that is not an appropriate request, someone needs to tell the president that he can’t do these things? COMEY: I didn’t, no. RUBIO: Okay. Why? COMEY: I don’t know. I think the circumstances were such that I was a bit stunned and didn’t have the presence of mind. I don’t want to make it sound like I’m Captain Courageous. I don’t know if I had had the presence of mind I would have said to the president, ‘Sir. that’s wrong.’ I don’t know if I would have In the moment, it didn’t come to my mind. What came to my mind was, be careful what you say. And ‘I said, I agree Flynn is a good guy.’ Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
8539,Michelle Obama Denounces Donald Trump in CUNY Commencement Speech - The New York Times,"In tones both aspirational and political, Michelle Obama on Friday used her last commencement address as first lady to salute graduates of the City College of New York as “living, breathing proof that the American dream endures,” while also criticizing “ ” leaders who engage in “anger and intolerance. ” Mrs. Obama did not specifically mention Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for president. But her intent could not have been clearer as she warned that “leaders who rule by intimidation  —   leaders who demonize and dehumanize entire groups of people  —   often do so because they have nothing else to offer. ” “Here in America, we don’t give in to our fears,” she told the class of 2016, with its 3, 848 graduates, in an outdoor ceremony on the college’s Manhattan campus. “We don’t build up walls to keep people out because we know that our greatness has always depended on contributions from people who were born elsewhere but sought out this country and made it their home. ” For Mrs. Obama, the address, the last of her three commencement speeches this year, was intended to highlight several issues that have been dear to her, including public education and immigration. Noting the college’s proximity to the Statue of Liberty, she said there was “no better way to celebrate this great country than being here with you. ” Mrs. Obama’s commencement address at City College, the flagship school in the City University of New York system, was the latest high point in its long, distinguished history. In 1847, it was founded as the Free Academy of New York, with a mission to provide an education to anyone, at low cost. But her visit also came at a precarious time for the CUNY system, which has been troubled by overcrowded classes, shrinking course options and budget cuts, as described in a recent investigation by The New York Times. Faculty members and employees represented by the university’s biggest union, who have worked without a raise for six years, recently voted to authorize a strike in the fall if no contract deal was reached. Indeed, dozens of faculty and students on Friday morning handed out fliers to people filing past security to enter the campus, in Upper Manhattan, urging public officials to invest more money in the system. None of the speakers at the commencement directly addressed CUNY’s woes. But in her   address, which elicited frequent and enthusiastic applause, Mrs. Obama said that “public education is our greatest pathway to opportunity in America. So we need to invest in and strengthen our public universities today, and for generations to come. ” At several points, she mentioned notable immigrants, or the children of immigrants, who had attended City College, including Jonas Salk, Ira Gershwin, Colin L. Powell and Andrew S. Grove, the former Intel chief executive, who died in March. But she also applauded the valedictorian and salutatorian of the graduating class, who delivered rousing addresses on the importance of diversity and the   battle to break cultural barriers. Mrs. Obama added some personal perspective, as well: “It’s the story that I witness every single day when I wake up in a house that was built by slaves, and I watch my daughters  —   two beautiful, black young women  —   head off to school, waving goodbye to their father, the president of the United States, the son of a man from Kenya who came here to America for the same reasons as many of you: to get an education and improve his prospects in life. ”",0
8540,John Bolton: Moving U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem as Simple as Moving the Sign from One Building to Another,"Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday’s edition of Breitbart News Daily to discuss the prospective relocation of America’s Israel embassy to Jerusalem. [Bolton said he was “concerned that the pace appears to have slowed down” on the subject of moving America’s embassy to Jerusalem.   LISTEN: “I think one of the things that distinguished Donald Trump, and you can see it even in his first days in office, is during the campaign he said ‘I’m going to do X, Y, and Z’  —   and miraculous to behold, he’s actually doing it on so many different fronts, internationally and domestically,” he said.  “The kind of exception, at this point, appears to be moving the embassy. As I think we’ve commented before, you can move the embassy by taking the plaque off the wall at our consulate building in Jerusalem and putting up a sign that says ‘U. S. Embassy.’ You can build a bigger embassy, the   embassy, obviously over a longer period of time, but you could make the dramatic move quickly,” Bolton argued. “I very much fear that what’s happening is that foreign countries, the State Department, maybe some inside the administration are saying, ‘Oh, but it’s going to cause difficulties. People are threatening to riot. It’ll hurt the interests of Israel and the United States,’ and this and that and the other thing, which is what they say every time this issue comes up,” he said.  “But once you slow down, once you miss the chance to strike dramatically in the early days  —   and there’s a diplomatic phrase for that, of course, in French we say ‘making it a fait accompli,’ an accomplished fact  —   once you give up that opportunity, the cost actually mounts. And so we’ll see what happens. We’ll know more, I think, when Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel comes in the next few weeks, and see what he and the President discuss,” Bolton anticipated. He allowed that moving the embassy “would certainly necessitate a lot of active diplomacy to calm down people who might be concerned about it,” but said reneging on Trump’s stated commitment to the move would be tantamount to “allowing other people, in other countries, to tell us who we talk to, where we put our embassy. ” For that reason, Bolton thought Trump did a “fantastic thing when he took a congratulatory phone call from Tsai   the president of Taiwan”  —   an unprecedented move that caused “a lot of heart murmurings in some quarters, and upset Beijing, heaven forbid. ” “Here is a case where the United States, for years, has let Beijing tell us who we could talk to in Taiwan. Just think about that for a minute. And now we have other governments telling us where we can put our embassy in Israel. Can they tell us where to put our embassy in Canada?” he asked sarcastically. “I’m not talking about relations with Canada or Israel. I’m talking about Germany saying, ‘Well, you can’t put your embassy in Canada there. ’”  “Obviously the Middle East is a sensitive area,” he conceded. “You want to be prudent, you want to be careful. But you ought to do what the United States needs to have done. The qualms that others may have are things you need to alleviate, you need to deal with, you need to be reasonable about it, but they’re not qualms that stop you from acting in your own interest. ” Bolton said it was “absolutely” a good thing that Israel has been “emboldened” to build more settlements by Trump’s election. “There’s a huge legal battle over what the status of the   occupied territories is, going back to the League of Nations mandate, and the assumption of the mandate by the United Nations in 1945, and the termination of the mandate in Israel’s declaration of independence in 1948,” he recalled.  “I mean, we could spend hours going through this. Here’s the reality: the U. N. in 1967 basically said, after the   War, Israel can trade land for peace. Up until the resolution Obama allowed to go through, two days before Christmas, that was the basis for peace in the Middle East. That was the basis for Israel’s peace treaty with Egypt, for its treaty with Jordan. It could have been the basis of peace with others. ”  “Israel has the land. Let’s forget the legalities. Israel has control of the territory. They believe it’s their land, dating back historically, and they’re building settlements on it. I tell you what, nobody’s going to stop them,” Bolton declared.  “You can either deal with that reality and look for what a solution for the Palestinians would be  —   I don’t think it’s the   solution, I think it’s giving parts of the West Bank to Jordan, putting it under their sovereignty, Israel keeping the rest. Or you can just enjoy the rhetoric about how settlements are an obstacle to peace, and it’s really terrible, and so on and so forth. It’s the same sort of threatening rhetoric that accompanies talk about whether the U. S. will move its embassy to Jerusalem,” he said. “So I think the real answer, I think the Israelis know what they’re doing. I think they’re going to create their own facts on the ground, which is what the United States ought to do with the embassy,” he suggested. Marlow turned to President Trump’s executive orders restricting immigration from several   countries, orders which are certain to stir up controversy. Bolton noted those countries were also places where “we can have little or no faith in the sustained ability of the   governments of these countries to be able to tell us honestly the backgrounds of a lot of people who are applying for visas. ” “There is no effective government in Yemen now, for example, just to name one. Or Syria, while we’re on the subject,” Bolton said. “It’s a temporary ban. I think Trump during the campaign, although he made sweeping statements earlier, came back by the end of the campaign to a program very similar to what Ted Cruz articulated, very similar to what the George W. Bush administration put in place after  : that you’re concerned more about applicants for visas from countries that are sources of terrorism than you’re concerned about applicants for visas from countries that are not sources of terrorism. ”  “I would be more concerned across the board about somebody from Syria applying for a visa than I am about somebody from Iceland applying for a visa,” he said. “This is not hard to figure out. It doesn’t have anything to do with religion. It has to do with terrorism. ” “So getting the system under control  —   and I think law enforcement and intelligence officials, even in the Obama administration, testified that we didn’t have adequate vetting for visa applicants  —   is sensible. It’s what Trump said he was going to do. Nobody should be surprised at this,” Bolton concluded. Commenting on the recent court setback for Brexit, Bolton said he didn’t think the ruling was “quite as bad as it could have been,” and doubted it would be a serious impediment to British Prime Minister Theresa May “negotiating Brexit on her terms. ” “Some of the things they didn’t do in the court ruling are important,” he noted. “Number One, there’s no reference in this issue to the European High Court, the highest judicial body of the European Union, which could have been fatal. Given the way   have been subordinated to the European Union, that was not entirely out of the question. So that’s one big win there. ” “Second, none of the   devolved parliaments  —   whether in Ireland, Wales, or Scotland  —   are going to have any say in it,” he continued. “The court ruled this is a national matter for the United Kingdom as a whole, and that’s great. So Nicola Sturgeon and the Scottish National Party can go pound sand on this one. It’s going to be decided in Westminster by the House of Commons and the House of Lords. ” “In fact, they said it’s not a question of the Prime Minister’s authority to take Britain out of the European Union treaty, it’s an issue dealing with statutory law in Great Britain, because so much European law over these past 30 years has been imposed on Great Britain that it would take an act of Parliament to begin the exit process,” Bolton observed. “I don’t think that’s really going to be an obstacle. I think they in fact are talking about introducing a bill this week. It can be a very short bill. ” “The Labor party and the Liberal Democrats can moan and groan about it all they want, but Theresa May has a solid majority, and I think they’ll push it through,” he predicted. “In fact, I think Labor, the Liberal Democrats in particular, will just do themselves more damage by saying, ‘You know, by God, just because the people voted to leave the European Union doesn’t mean they’re as smart as we are! We’re going to substitute our judgment for theirs and try and prevent it from happening.’ You know, knock yourself out if that’s what you want to do. I just think it’s politically foolish on their part. ” “But I would have preferred a cleaner victory,” he added. “I think this decision to withdraw is prospective only. I don’t see why you need a parliamentary vote. But given the majority the conservatives have, I don’t even think they can slow it down that much. ” John Bolton is a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, and presides over his own political action committee, BoltonPAC. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. Listen to the audio of the full interview above.",0
8541,WATCH: How to Build a Simple Water Purifier That Turns Dirty Water and Even Salt Water into Clean Fresh Pure Water,"WATCH: How to Build a Simple Water Purifier That Turns Dirty Water and Even Salt Water into Clean Fresh Pure Water 
You’ve got to hand it to this guy for such an ingenious, yet simple design. The how-to example in the video below is made from approximately 12 feet of copper tubing plus a few fittings (the stainless steel tube option is shown too). 
Follow the instructions in the video below to learn how to build it yourself. If a torch isn’t something you have in your tool kit you can find “push on” fittings from a hardware store that you won’t need to solder. 
NOTE: It is absolutely imperative if you do choose to solder your device, that you use lead-free solder. Prior to 1986, solder in the U.S. contained an alarmingly high content of lead. Chances are, if you live in a house built before the 1980’s your tap water is contaminated with the neurotoxin lead due to leeching solder on your water pipes. All the more reason to filter your water with a device like this! Lead solder was the industry standard after all. Watch below: 
We don’t have a water problem. We have a salt problem! -Joe Rogan Share:",0
8543,Trump Adviser Miller: New Executive Orders on Illegal Immigration an ’Option’ - Breitbart,"On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Stephen Miller, a senior adviser to President Donald Trump, suggested that new executive orders were a possibility to take on illegal immigration.  Miller explained there was a variety of other option, but added Trump would be well within his authority to use executive orders as a means to prevent the immigration process in the United States to be used by those he deemed were “hostile” to the nation and its values. “Right now we are considering and pursuing all options,” Miller said. “Those options include seeking an emergency stay with the Supreme Court, continuing the appeal with the panel, having an emergency hearing en banc, or going to the trial court on the district level and a trial on the merits. They also include, as you’ve mentioned, the possibility of new executive action designed to prevent terrorist infiltration of our country. ” “But I want to say something very clearly, and this is going to be very disappointing to the people protesting the president and the people in Congress like Sen. [Chuck] Schumer, who have attacked the president for his lawful and necessary action. The president’s powers here are beyond question. The president has the authority under the [Immigration and Nationality Act] section 8USC 1182F to suspend the entry of aliens into this country, and he has Article 2 foreign powers to also engage in conducting border control and immigration control into the country. Those powers are substantial. They represent the apex of the presidential authority. And so we are contemplating new and additional actions to ensure that the immigration is not a vehicle for admitting people into our country who are hostile to its nation and its values. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
8544,"President Trump Meets With TMZ’s Harvey Levin to Discuss Future Appearance, and Booking Tom Brady on Levin’s Show - Breitbart","When you’re President of the United States, you can pretty much meet with whoever you want, whenever you want, whether that person is “on the schedule” or not. [Such an unplanned,    meeting took place last Wednesday at the White House, where President Donald Trump sat down with TMZ President Harvey Levin, according to the New York Times. Levin and Trump have a history together, partly based around Trump’s appearance on Levin’s Fox News special “Objectified. ”  The success of that show has now led to a spinoff series, also called “Objectified. ” Levin spoke with Trump about appearing again on an episode of that series, which starts in September. However, he also asked the    to help in securing an interview with the most famous man not named Donald Trump to ever own a “MAGA” hat. That of course being Tom Brady. According to the New York Times, “One of Mr. Levin’s ideal guests is Tom Brady, the New England Patriots quarterback and a friend of Mr. Trump, and Mr. Levin planned to ask the president if he would help secure the athlete’s participation, according to one of the people who described the visit. ” An    meeting with the leader of the free world, a probable second feature with POTUS on your TV show, then leveraging that visit to secure a better than average shot at getting an interview with greatest quarterback of all time? Not a bad way to spend a Wednesday afternoon. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn",0
8545,5 Selfie Tips From a Makeup Artist - The New York Times,"Editor’s note: this article has been slightly updated to help you put your best selfie (sorry) forward. The makeup artist Luis Casco analyzed some 8, 000 selfies  —   of 26 women of different ethnicities and ages  —   for his book “#beautiful,” which offers tips for taking your best selfie. Mr. Casco, the lead makeup artist for “Project Runway” and a Mary Kay global beauty ambassador, knows that for a certain type of consumer, one who is constantly taking pictures, what matters to her and her social group is how she looks in a selfie. “Most makeup companies have products that play with light, offering photo finishes or airbrush effects that claim to make wearers ” Courtney Rubin wrote in “Makeup for the Selfie Generation. ” “But a handful of brands are beginning to design and tweak their wares to stand up to the specific challenges of phone photography  —   among them, that a flash can make foundation look white, or that in daylight selfies, cool colors can look warmer. ” Indeed, how makeup looks in smartphone pictures has become the latest test that companies like CoverGirl and Smashbox put their products through before taking them to market. Here Mr. Casco suggests some things to keep in mind. 1. Dry, flaky lips really show up on selfies, so use an exfoliator like Mary Kay Satin Lips Set (which includes a shea sugar scrub and shea butter balm) before applying any lip product. 2. Mix eyeliner shades to trick the viewer. For example, a touch of purple makes brown eyes look clearer a hint of gold “makes the eyes twinkle,” Mr. Casco said. He likes to layer Make Up For Ever’s Aqua Liquid Liner in diamond purple over the company’s matte black shade. 3. For the most flattering shot, lift the camera to a   angle, which helps sharpen the jawline and give the appearance of larger eyes  —   particularly important if you want to avoid a raccoon effect while wearing dark or smoky eye makeup. Bring the chin down slightly and the camera up. 4. With daylight in front of you, the phone softens skin, but it can come off looking pale. Mr. Casco suggests products that contour the face without looking   in real life. His favorite is Mary Kay CC Cream Sunscreen Broad Spectrum SPF 15, which he says are easy to blend and not obviously pigmented. 5. Nighttime (flash) selfies can be tricky because what looks like a bit of shimmer in real life can look like oily skin on camera. Go easy on any product with glitter. Mr. Casco suggests a translucent powder like Laura Mercier Translucent Loose Setting Powder, which has cashmere talc that makes the skin feel soft. Have blotting sheets like Shiseido Pureness   Blotting Paper on hand to absorb extra oil, especially in the  .",0
8546,A perfect mashup of “Stranger Things” and “A Charlie Brown Christmas”,"Next Prev Swipe left/right A perfect mashup of “Stranger Things” and “A Charlie Brown Christmas” Will Byers needs cheering up when he gets back from the Upside Down, in this wonderful animated mashup of Stranger Things and the classic festive special A Charlie Brown Christmas .",0
8547,"Trump Warns That By Attacking Assad, US Will End Up Fighting Russia      : Information"," Trump Warns That By Attacking Assad, US Will End Up Fighting Russia By RT November 13, "" RT "" - US President-elect Donald Trump has confirmed that he will most likely abandon the Obama administration policy on Syria to seek a possible rapprochement with Russia on the issue of Assad.
Ive had an opposite view of many people regarding Syria, the 70-year-old Republican told the Wall Street Journal in his first interview since the election.
From the start of the Syrian war, Barack Obamas foreign policy has been focused on the support and training of the so-called moderate rebel groups who were supposed to defeat Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) terrorists, and survive to eventually overthrow Assad. That approach became deadlocked this year when Washington failed to honor its obligations under an agreement with Moscow to separate their moderate rebel forces from internationally-recognized terrorists.
Trump, on the other hand, said on Friday that the US should be focused on fighting Islamic State, instead of pursuing regime change in Syria.
My attitude was youre fighting Syria, Syria is fighting ISIS, and you have to get rid of ISIS. Russia is now totally aligned with Syria, and now you have Iran, which is becoming powerful, because of us, is aligned with Syria... Now were backing rebels against Syria, and we have no idea who these people are.
It has been widely documented and reported that American weapons supplied to the moderate rebels are often obtained by extremists in Syria. Those weapons, in turn, are being used by the jihadists to strike civilian positions and deploy them against Syrian forces.
The president-elect warned that if the US attacks Assad, we end up fighting Russia, fighting Syria.
The US coalition bombing of Syrian Army positions near the city of Deir el-Zour on September 17 led to the collapse of the US-Russian peace initiative.
Rapprochement in US-Russia ties could, however, be on the horizon after Trump admitted receiving a beautiful letter from Russian President Vladimir Putin. Trump said a phone call between them is scheduled shortly.
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin are very much alike... in their basic approaches toward international affairs, Dmitry Peskov told the Associated Press earlier.
[Trump] has been a very firm supporter of the idea of a good relationship between our countries, because we do carry a joint responsibility for strategic stability in the world, strategic security, the spokesman said.
Immediately after Trump's victory, Russian President Vladimir Putin stated that Moscow looks forward to restoring bilateral relations with the United States.
The US military establishment, however, already seems to be working against Trump's policies. In an interview with CBS This Morning, Defense Secretary Ash Carter leveled a barrage of accusations at Russia.
He said the Russian campaign in Syria fuels the fires of ongoing violence in the country, claiming theyre not doing what we need to do and think needs to be done [in Syria].
What the Russians said, if youll remember, was that they were going to come in and fight terrorism and help remove Assad, Carter said. They havent done either of those things. They haven't done any of that.
While Moscow has been undertaking efforts to eliminate Islamic State and Al-Nusra Front terrorists in Syria, it never said it would take part in the forcible removal of President Bashar Assad.
When the anchor Norah ODonnell said They're helping Assad? Carter continued, Exactly. Which in turn simply fuels the fires of the Syrians civil war. So the Russians have been completely backwards there, in what they've been doing.
So we have not been able to, and I have not been in favor, and am not recommending to the president that we associate ourselves with or work with the Russians until they start doing the right thing, Carter concluded.",0
8548,Archeologists Uncork Liquor Bottles Abandoned by British WWI Troops,"JERUSALEM (AP)  —   In a search for antiquities, Israeli archaeologists have unearthed a far more modern find  —     liquor bottles that belonged to British soldiers in World War I. [The Israel Antiquities Authority said Wednesday it was excavating    flint tools when the archaeologists stumbled upon hundreds of liquor bottles near a building where British soldiers were garrisoned in 1917.  Excavation director Ron Toueg says uniform buttons, belt buckles and riding equipment were found near the city of Ramle in addition to the bottles of gin, whiskey and wine. He said it offered a glimpse into “the everyday life and leisure of the soldiers. ” The items appear to have belonged to members of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force commanded by General Edmund Allenby.",0
8549,Trump: ’The First 100 Days of My Administration Has Been Just About the Most Successful In Our Country’s History’ - Breitbart,"During Friday’s Weekly Address, President Trump said, “I truly believe that the first 100 days of my administration has been just about the most successful in our country’s history. ”[Transcript as Follows:  “My fellow Americans, I truly believe that the first 100 days of my administration has been just about the most successful in our country’s history. Most importantly, we’re bringing back jobs. You ask the people of Michigan, you ask the people of Ohio, you can ask the people of Pennsylvania, see what’s happening. See the car companies come roaring back in. They don’t want to leave. They want to stay here. They want a piece of the action. Our country is going up and it’s going up fast. Our companies are doing better. They just announced fantastic profits all because of what’s happened in this rather short period of time, and that’s just the beginning. We’re putting in a massive tax cut for the middle class and for business. It’s going to have an enormous effect. The massive Keystone Pipeline, the Dakota Pipeline, tens of thousands of jobs right there and so many other businesses. We’re really proud of what we’re doing. The   fighter jet program. It was way over budget. I’ve saved $725   just by getting involved in the negotiation. We’re cutting costs and we’re going to have a truly competitive and great country again. In just 14 weeks, my administration has brought profound change to Washington. The most fundamental change can be found in the relationship between the people and their government. For too long, politicians cared more about special interests than they did about a very successful future for all Americans. They took our taxpayers’ money and sent their jobs and wealth to other countries. Not anymore. From the first day of my administration, I have governed by a simple idea: my only allegiance is to you, our wonderful citizens. Together, we are seeing that great achievements are possible when we put American people first. That’s why I withdrew the United States from the   Partnership. That day was a turning point for our nation. It put the countries of this world on notice that the sellout of the American worker was over. In the following weeks, I took unprecedented actions to reverse federal overreach and unleash job creation. We have slashed burdensome regulations and imposed a policy that for each new regulation, two regulations must be erased from the books. We’ve done it all while moving quickly to restore the most basic protection for all citizens the rule of law. A truly great judge, Neil Gorsuch, now sits on the United States Supreme Court. Justice Gorsuch is deeply devoted to our constitution. My administration is the first in modern political era to confirm a new Supreme Court justice in the first 100 days. The last time it happened was 136 years ago in 1881. Defending the rule of law is a priority not just in the courts, but also on the streets and on the border. We’ve told the incredible police of our nation that they have our full support as they work to bring down violent crime rates. We’ve taken bold action to go after criminal cartels and made it a top priority to prosecute anyone who targets law enforcement. This has been the work of my administration, fighting for the American worker, defending the rule of law and returning the power to the American people. Since my inauguration, economic confidence has soared, reaching higher than any time in nine years. Optimism among manufacturers is at a record high and small business confidence has seen its largest increase in nearly four decades. Perhaps the greatest change of all is the renewal of the American spirit. As long as we have faith in each other and trust in God, then the sun will always shine on our very glorious republic. Thank you, God bless you and God bless America. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett",0
8550,Jury Delivers Devastating Blow to US Justice Department,"By Roger I. Roots, J.D., Ph.D. October 28, 2016 
Just days ago , I reported on the federal trial of the “Malheur 7” (Ammon Bundy, Ryan Bundy, Shawna Cox, Jeff Banta, David Fry, Neil Wampler and Ken Medenbach,) in Portland, Oregon. I was privileged to have a front-row seat at the trial as a volunteer paralegal and legal researcher for Ryan Bundy, who represented himself throughout the proceedings. 
Almost everyone who followed the “Oregon Bundy case” predicted convictions all around. A dozen co-defendants pled guilty before the trial began. Virtually every attorney I spoke with expressed the sentiment that defending the accused was a lost cause. Coverage of the case in Oregon’s largest circulating newspapers presented the case wholly from a prosecution perspective. My inbox contains more than one email urging me to abandon my efforts to help the defense. 
As I sat at the table between Ryan and the Ammon Bundy team throughout the six-week trial I was able to discern that evidence at the trial was diverging sharply from the prevailing narrative outside the courthouse. The defendants were accused of conspiring to prevent employees of the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service and Bureau of Land Management from performing their duties at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in rural eastern Oregon. Yet federal prosecutors failed to produce a single piece of evidence of any specific threat aimed at a USFWS or BLM employee. 
The U.S. Justice Department alleged in Count 1 that the seven defendants (and many others) had engaged in an “armed standoff” at the federal wildlife refuge with the intent of scaring away the various government employees who normally work there. Every defendant was utterly innocent of the allegation. Some were not even aware that federal employees normally worked there). Several defendants were also charged with firearm possession in federal facilities with the intent to commit a federal felony (the conspiracy alleged in Count 1). And two defendants, Ryan Bundy and Ken Medenbach, were accused of stealing federal property valued over a thousand dollars. 
In fact, Ammon Bundy and the other defendants took a monumental (and quite daring) stand for the plain text of the Constitution when they occupied the Malheur Refuge in January of this year. They pointed to Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the U.S. Constitution which seems to plainly forbid the federal government from owning land inside the states unless the states agree to sell such real estate to the federal government. 
Needless to say, the present reality in the American west is in sharp contrast to this piece of constitutional text. The feds claim to own and control millions of acres of land in western states—most of which (such as the Malheur Refuge area) was never purchased from state legislatures or anyone else. 
The most frightening revelations from the Malheur 7 trial involved the lengths which the U.S. government went to in its prosecution. During the Bundy occupation, the FBI literally took over the tiny nearby town of Burns, Oregon and transformed it into an Orwellian dystopia. There were license plate scanners mounted on utility poles, drones throughout the skies, and military transport vehicles speeding across the countryside. FBI agents captured and monitored every phone number connected between every accused occupier. Federal and state police appeared in such numbers that their total numbers will probably never be fully tallied. 
The occupation was met with a bonanza of government spending by agencies at every level. The U.S. Fish & Wildlife and BLM employees who were supposedly too frightened to go to work were put up in luxury hotels, along with their families. (In the aftermath of the occupation, the feds have spent further millions to “rebuild” the Refuge, supposedly because the occupiers tainted it; prosecutors were openly planning on asserting the inflated “bill for damages” at sentencing in the event the defendants were convicted.) 
Most startling of all were the undercover government informants that were revealed in the trial. After weeks of wrangling and arguing with defense lawyers, the Justice Department finally stipulated that at least nine undercover informants were planted among the Refuge occupiers. Thus, informants outnumbered the defendants on trial. One informant was even a “bodyguard” for Ammon Bundy and drove him to his arrest. Another informant admitted he trained occupiers in shooting and combat skills. 
After a week of deliberating over the evidence, the jury came back with its verdict yesterday afternoon, acquitting every defendant. (Jurors said they were divided regarding an accusation that Ryan Bundy aided and abetted the theft of government property when he and others climbed utility poles and took down two of the government’s surveillance cameras.) 
There are reports that the U.S. Justice Department spent $100 million on the case. But twelve Americans saw through the government’s cloud of disinformation and dealt a mighty blow for liberty. The Best of Roger I. Roots, J.D., Ph.D. Tags: Roger Roots, J.D., Ph.D. [ ] is attorney, sociologist, and a member of the advisory board of the Fully Informed Jury Association. He is author of The Conviction Factory: The Collapse of America's Criminal Courts .",0
8551,"Mattis: Nothing Keeps Me Awake at Night, I Keep Other People Awake at Night - Breitbart","Sec. Mattis on what keeps him awake at night pic. twitter.  Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” Secretary of Defense James Mattis was asked what keeps him up at night.  Mattis replied, “Nothing, I keep other people awake at night. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
8552,Hillary Clinton: Her Notable Moments - The New York Times,"The name Hillary Rodham first appeared in the pages of The New York Times 47 years ago, in a 1969 article about her commencement address at Wellesley, the women’s college in Massachusetts. It was five years before her husband, Bill Clinton, would be mentioned in The Times. Since then, The Times has covered her rise, beginning with her role as a lawyer and governor’s wife who first gained the national spotlight in Arkansas. She then became an influential first lady, United States senator, secretary of state and presidential candidate (twice). Here are some highlights from over the years. The country wasn’t sure what to make of Mrs. Clinton when she first burst on the national stage during the 1992 presidential campaign. A product of the feminist movement who had followed her husband to Arkansas, Mrs. Clinton seemed to be breaking the mold of candidate’s wife. And yet, talk of her hairstyle still permeated many conversations   …     and has ever since. Mrs. Clinton’s 1993 interview with The New York Times Magazine, in which she expounded on the “politics of meaning” and her Methodism and New Age beliefs, was met with widespread ridicule. It has often been cited as a reason for Mrs. Clinton’s reluctance to discuss her spiritual side. She even resisted wearing white for years after the magazine’s cover portrayed her as a saintly figure. Soon after her husband’s inauguration, Mrs. Clinton was appointed by the president as head of a task force on health care reform. It was her first time working to develop policy on a national stage, and it “ran into a political buzzsaw,” as The Times found in a 1994   on what critics nicknamed Hillarycare. Instead of cowering after a White House scandal broadcast Bill Clinton’s infidelities around the world, Mrs. Clinton did the opposite: She ran for the Senate in New York, subjecting herself to the harsh local tabloids. Her victory was the first time a first lady was elected to public office. (Never mind that she hadn’t been living in New York.) As the first woman with a real shot at the presidential nomination, Mrs. Clinton wasn’t sure how to approach gender. In her 2008 campaign, she emphasized strength and experience, often at the expense of warmth. The Times’s Mark Leibovich highlighted the few times she showed a softer side, as when she spoke at her friend Diane Blair’s funeral in 2000. After Mrs. Clinton lost to Barack Obama, she surprised the nation again by accepting the position of secretary of state and diving into diplomatic work. Although her tenure is now marked by controversy over her email, in the period she served as the country’s top diplomat, Mrs. Clinton enjoyed some of her highest approval ratings. Gallup consistently named her the country’s most admired woman. The image was of Mrs. Clinton’s facial features superimposed on a moon with the names of old Clinton friends, aides and   orbiting around her. It symbolized the challenges she would face as she considered another run for the presidency and how to organize the circle of people who hoped to tag along. As issues of race and criminal justice dominated the 2016 contest,   parts of Mrs. Clinton’s biography began to form a central part of her campaign’s story. Mrs. Clinton declined to be interviewed about the time in 1972 when she went undercover to investigate “segregation academies” in the South. But after an article about it ran, she and Bill Clinton talked openly about this chapter in her life, including at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia.",0
8554,"Democratic Member to Quit Election Commission, Setting Up Political Fight - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   A Democrat on the Federal Election Commission is quitting her term early because of the gridlock that has gripped the panel, offering President Trump an unexpected chance to shape political spending rules. The commissioner, Ann M. Ravel, said during an interview that she would send Mr. Trump her letter of resignation this week. She pointed to a series of deadlocked votes between the panel’s three Democrats and three Republicans that she said left her little hope the group would ever be able to rein in campaign finance abuses. “The ability of the commission to perform its role has deteriorated significantly,” said Ms. Ravel, who has sparred bitterly with the Republican election commissioners during her three years on the panel. She added, “I think I can be more effective on the outside. ” Her departure will probably set off an intense political fight over how a new commissioner should be picked. By tradition, Senate Democrats would be allowed to select the replacement, but, by law, the choice belongs to the president, and Mr. Trump has shown little interest in Washington customs. The outcome could have a major impact on a commission long derided for inaction, even as record amounts of money have poured into campaigns. Spending during last year’s presidential and congressional races exceeded $6. 9 billion, according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics, as “super PACs” and other outside groups spent freely as a result of the Supreme Court’s 2010 Citizens United decision. Mr. Trump can pick a nominee himself so long as he does not choose a registered Republican, said Richard L. Hasen, an election law scholar at the University of California, Irvine. The panel, which already has three Republicans, cannot have more than three members from any political party. Mr. Hasen said he would not be surprised if Mr. Trump made the pick himself, especially because his White House counsel, Donald F. McGahn II, was an election commissioner himself and has pushed fiercely for deregulating campaign finance. “It would be transformative,” Mr. Hasen said, if the president nominated someone more aligned with the panel’s Republican members to push for even further deregulation. Mr. Trump has promised to “drain the swamp” of special interest money in Washington, but his record so far has been mixed. While he claimed repeatedly during the campaign that he was “ ” his run, Mr. Trump and organizations supporting him took in nearly $600 million, and he put in far less than the $100 million of his own money that he had pledged. Since taking office, the president has strengthened some rules on lobbying by former members of the executive branch, but ethics experts have also criticized him for failing to fully disentangle himself from his vast financial interests. Ms. Ravel acknowledged she was concerned that Mr. Trump might seek to name her replacement himself. “But I’m hoping that he will understand the need to appoint people who actually believe in the mission of the agency and will carry out the mandates of the law,” she said, but added, “I don’t know what will happen. ” Her claims that Republican commissioners have been unwilling to rein in obvious violations and abuses have drawn wide attention  —   as well as angry rebukes from those Republicans, who have accused her of grandstanding and of exaggerating the problem. The publicity even earned Ms. Ravel an appearance on “The Daily Show,” where her interviewer suggested the commission had become as irrelevant as male nipples. Ms. Ravel said she would return to California, where she had served as a state regulator in identifying millions of dollars in “dark money” that flooded California elections. She considered leaving the commission last year, she said, but decided to stay through the election after President Barack Obama had asked her to do so. While Ms. Ravel will be leaving only two months shy of the end of her term, commissioners have routinely remained well past the end of their terms because of the difficulty in agreeing on replacements. All the other current members are serving well beyond the end of their terms, with one Democrat, Ellen L. Weintraub, now nearly a decade past her term’s 2007 end date. Ms. Ravel plans to release an analysis her office has prepared on what she says is the worsening gridlock at the commission. The title sums up her feelings: “Dysfunction and Deadlock: The Enforcement Crisis at the Federal Election Commission Reveals the Unlikelihood of Draining the Swamp. ” By her analysis, the rate of deadlocked votes blocking “substantive” enforcement actions against possible campaign violations has reached a new high of 37. 5 percent. And, in such cases, she said, financial penalties against campaigns have dropped significantly over the last decade. But, as with many issues at the election commission, Ms. Ravel and her Republican counterparts are sharply at odds over the panel’s performance. Lee E. Goodman, a Republican commissioner, called her analysis “nonsensical and arbitrary,” saying that deadlocked votes were actually far more unusual. Ms. Ravel has continued to push “the tired meme of dysfunction” simply to make her political case, he said. His own data, he added, indicates that campaigns are complying with finance laws far more than before. Mr. Goodman suggested that “contrary to the spin” from Democrats, “the situation has indeed changed, but for the better. ”",0
8555,Watch: Warner Bros. Unveils First Full Trailer for ’Blade Runner 2049’ - Breitbart,"Warner Bros. released the first full trailer Monday for Blade Runner 2049, the   sequel to the hit 1982   action film. [The trailer centers on new Los Angeles Police Department Officer K (Ryan Gosling) who attempts to track down original   Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) to ask him about a troubling discovery he has made.  Plot details are being kept under wraps, but Agent K’s discovery threatens to “plunge what’s left of society into chaos,” according to the studio’s synopsis. The trailer was unveiled during a panel discussion at the IMAX headquarters in Los Angeles Monday between Gosling, Ford, and 2049 director Denis Villeneuve. “The character is woven into the story in a way that intrigued me,” Ford said of reprising his role as Deckard in the new film. “There’s a very strong emotional context  …     I think it’s interesting to develop a character after a period of time, to revisit a character. ” “Prepare to start going steady with edge of your seats,” Gosling joked in introducing the clip. Jared Leto, Dave Bautista, Robin Wright, Mackenzie Davis, Ana de Armas and Edward James Olmos  . Villeneuve (Arrival) directs off of a script by original writer Hampton Fancher and Michael Green (Logan, Green Lantern). Blade Runner 2049 is in theaters October 6.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
8556,"LAPD’s ’Knock, Knock’ Task Force to Protect Celebrity Homes - Breitbart","The LAPD has officially launched a “Knock, Knock” Burglary Task Force in an effort to stop   targeted burglaries of celebrity homes. [The name “Knock, Knock” is derived from the tactic the gangs use to burglarize the homes. They reportedly form small groups of three or four, one of whom knocks on the front door of the home. If no one answers  —   giving the impression that no one is home  —   the gang member who knocked on the door signals the others and they seek entry through doors and windows around the home.  According to the   Daily News, the home of the Los Angeles Lakers’ Nick Young was targeted on “February 18 or 19,” with thieves taking cash and other valuables worth approximately $500, 000. Former Lakers player Derek Fisher was also targeted, with thieves taking cash, jewelry and other goods worth approximately $300, 000 from his Tarzana home. KTLA reported that the burglary of Young’s home occurred “the same weekend the NBA was hosting its   Game festivities in New Orleans. ” Young was in New Orleans for the event, competing in the contest for   shooting. No one was home when the “knock, knock” burglars struck. The homes of singers Alanis Morisette and Nicki Minaj were also hit. The New York Daily News reports that Minaj’s home was “robbed of approximately $200, 000 worth of items. ” Suspects also destroyed property in Minaj’s home and cut up some of her clothes. The San Fernando Valley Knock Knock Task Force consists of roughly 30 officers divided among “surveillance teams, undercover detectives and patrol cars working to prevent and curb such incidents. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  ",0
8557,BREAKING: Police Catch Iowa Man Who Executed Two Officers – And He’s A Trump Deplorable | If You Only News,"Google Pinterest Digg Linkedin Reddit Stumbleupon Print Delicious Pocket Tumblr 
Police say they have caught the man they believe shot two Iowa police officers dead in what is being described as an “ambush-style” attack. 
The man behind the shooting is reportedly Scott Michael Greene, a 46-year-old Urbandale resident with a history of run-ins with the law, Confederate flag fetishism, and anger towards African Americans. He also has a recent obsession with Donald Trump. 
In a video allegedly posted by Greene and discovered by Buzzfeed , the soon-to-be cop killer records himself having an altercation with police officers on October 14. In a comment below the video, he says: 
“I was offended by the blacks sitting through our anthem. Thousands more whites fought and died for their freedom. However this is not about the Armed forces, they are cop haters.” 
Ironically, the video mostly featured Greene yelling at various cops about his rights while they try to escort him from a high school property. A selfie taken at the game shows why witnesses found Greene to be disturbing the peace. Greene decided to bring his Confederate flag to the stands with him. 
Naturally, Greene’s neighbors say he came out hard for Trump several weeks ago, even placing a large Trump/Pence 2016 sign in his yard. Neighbor tells me that shooting suspect Scott Michael Greene put this Trump sign in his yard approx 2 weeks ago. pic.twitter.com/8HjtthB51I 
— Grant Rodgers (@GrantMRodgers) November 2, 2016 
Not exactly a surprising development considering the Republican candidates uncanny ability to collect endorsements from neo-Nazis, KKK leaders, and other hate groups. Also not surprising: The typically loud-mouthed Trump has been dead silent about the fact that his own supporter is allegedly involved in the execution of two police officers. Ditto for many of the same Republicans who rushed to baselessly blame Hillary Clinton and President Obama of inciting violence against cops every time they can. 
Iowa’s own Rep. Steve King (R) had this inflammatory remark to say just after the Dallas police shooting: #DallasPoliceShooting has roots in first of anti-white/cop events illuminated by Obama…Officer Crowley. There were others. 
— Steve King (@SteveKingIA) July 8, 2016 
But only “prayers” for the victims in this latest shooting. Our hearts & prayers are for 2 Des Moines police officers murdered early this morning, for families & all officers. https://t.co/iyIuxabHei 
— Steve King (@SteveKingIA) November 2, 2016 
And after three officers were killed in Baton Rouge, Trump lashed out. President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 17, 2016 
But now that one of his own supporters murdered two officers, he’s become more careful. Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all. 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 2, 2016 
Notice he didn’t bothered to condemn the violence perpetuated by his own follower. That would take an ounce of class and Trump has never been able to find that for sale. 
Featured image via YouTube ",0
8558,Literally Election Fraud: Trump Tells Followers To Vote ‘Four Or Five Times’ To Ensure Race Isn’t ‘Rigged’ Against Him,"By Thamiel Rosenkreuz Election 2016 , Politicians Behaving Badly , Politics October 30, 2016 Literally Election Fraud: Trump Tells Followers To Vote ‘Four Or Five Times’ To Ensure Race Isn’t ‘Rigged’ Against Him   
The Republicans’ fear of voter fraud may yet come true — mostly because it looks like the Republicans are going to be the ones instigating it, thanks to Donald Trump, who basically told his followers on Sunday to go out and steal the election. “Four or five times” 
There’s been a lot of digital ink spilled this election on the delusional claims of voter fraud, but what I think is interesting is that this highlights just how ready the right-wing is to divorce itself from the electoral process entirely . They’ve lost the popular vote five of the last six elections, and if things go the way they’re going and American liberals get out to vote, it’s going to be six of the last seven on the morning of November 9. 
Trump and the Republican Party would like their followers to believe that this isn’t because their ideology is painfully out of step with the country in modern times. Instead, Trump claims the election will be stolen from him – whether by “Mexicans,” or the media, or a “cabal of international bankers.” 
But see, here’s the thing: there is a self-proclaimed billionaire who’s working to undermine the election, and it’s not Carlos Slim — it’s Donald J. Trump and his paranoid loony bin followers, which include a disturbing number of white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazis, and John Birch dropouts. 
While speaking to a crowd at a rally in Greeley, Colorado late Sunday, Trump once again cast doubts on the mail-in ballots , encouraging people to get another ballot and mail that one in , too. Over and over: 
“Who has sent their ballots in? And do you think those ballots are properly counted?” Trump asked the audience, to which they replied “No!” 
Trump continued by expressing his skepticism and telling supporters to go get new ballots to ensure their vote is counted. 
“ If you go to university center, they’ll give you a new ballot, they’ll void your old ballot, in some places they do that four or five times, so by tomorrow, almost everyone will have their new ballots in. ” 
CNN said the comment was “stoking skepticism” because they don’t have the wherewithal to call this what it really is: encouraging voter fraud. 
“Liberal media” my ass. 
And it appears to be having an effect. Some of Trump’s followers have already taken this message to heart, and at least one has already been arrested for it . 
Between these clowns and the clowns that are going to “make sure there isn’t any illegal voting at the booths”— i.e, instigate voter intimidation against Hispanics, Arabs, African-Americans and anyone else who doesn’t look like a white Trump supporter — one gets the feeling that election night is going to be a chaotic one. 
Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
8559,Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label,"Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label 
Sunday, October 30, 2016 by: J. D. Heyes Tags: tainted food , organic label , China (NaturalNews) The Chinese food production industry is one of the world's least-regulated and most corrupt, as has repeatedly been proven time and again. Now, it appears, there is no trusting anything that comes from China marked ""organic."" Natural Health 365 reports that several foods within the country are so contaminated that Chinese citizens don't trust them. What's more, the countries that import these tainted foods are putting their citizens at risk.U.S. Customs personnel often turn away food shipments from China because they contain unsavory additives and drug residues, are mislabeled, or are just generally filthy. Some Chinese food exporters have responded by labeling their products ""organic,"" though they are far from it.There are several factors at play which make Chinese claims of organic unreliable. First, environmental pollution from unrestrained and unregulated industrial growth has so polluted soil and waterways with toxic heavy metals that nothing grown in them is safe, much less organic. Also, there is so much fraudulent labeling and rampant corruption within the government and manufacturing sectors that it's not smart to trust what is put on packaging.In fact, farmers in China use water that is replete with heavy metals, Natural Health 365 noted in a separate report . In addition, water used for irrigation also contains organic and inorganic substances and pollutants. Chinese ""organic"" food is so contaminated that a person could get ill just by handling some of it. 'Dirty water' is all there is The report noted further:""This is reality – all of China's grains, vegetables and fruits are irrigated with untreated industrial wastewater. The Yellow River, which is considered unusable, supports major food producing areas in the northeast provinces.""Many Chinese farmers won't even eat the food they produce, if you can believe that. That's because it's clear that China's water pollution issues are so pronounced that it threatens the country's entire food supply .Chinese farmers have said there is no available water for crops except "" dirty water ."" As part of the country's industrial prowess, it is also one of the largest producers (and consumers) of fertilizers and pesticides, Water Politics reported.The site noted further that as China's industrial might grows, so too does the level of contaminants in the country's water supply. Lakes, rivers, streams and falling water tables are becoming more polluted by the year.In addition to man-made pollutants, animals produce about 90 percent of the organic pollutants and half of the nitrogen in China's water , say experts at the Chinese Academy for Environmental Planning. There are times when water is so polluted it turns black – yet it is still used to irrigate crops, and of course, that affects so-called organic farming operations as well.These nine foods are particularly vulnerable to becoming tainted, Natural Health 365 noted: Fish: Some 80 percent of the tilapia sold in the U.S. come from fish farms in China , as well as half the cod. Water pollution in China is a horrible problem, so any fish grown there are suspect. Chicken: Poultry produced in China is very often plagued with illnesses like avian flu. Apples and apple juice: Only recently has the U.S. moved to allow the importation of Chinese apples, though American producers grow plenty for the country and the world. Rice: Though this is a staple in China and much of the rice in the U.S. comes from there, some of it has been found to be made of resin and potato. Mushrooms: Some 34 percent of processed mushrooms come from China. Salt: Some salt produced in China for industrial uses has made its way to American dinner tables. Black pepper: One Chinese vendor was trying to pass off mud flakes as pepper. Green peas: Phony peas have been found in China made of soy, green dye and other questionable substances. Garlic: About one-third of all garlic in the U.S. comes from China.Shop wisely.",0
8560,‘Moonlight’ Makes a Strong Showing at the Gotham Awards - The New York Times,"“Moonlight,” Barry Jenkins’s celebrated, intimate portrait of a gay youngster growing up in a   Miami neighborhood, rode into the awards season on a wave of momentum Monday night, scooping up four Gotham Awards, including best feature. “It’s a tough film, with a bit of hope in it,” Mr. Jenkins told the Bagger as celebrators and journalists swirled around him, offering hugs and congratulations after the show. “I love that people come out of it with a sense of hope. Whatever we did, it’s getting into people, and they see themselves in it. ” Held at Cipriani Wall Street in Lower Manhattan, the   Gothams  —   attendees included Amy Adams, Cate Blanchett, Natalie Portman, Janelle Monáe and a delightfully   Danny DeVito  —   signal the beginning of the movie awards season. The prizes for “Moonlight”  —   it also won best screenplay, best ensemble and the audience award  —   firm up early forecasts that it would be a strong player in the awards race this year. Though the Gothams are not necessarily predictive of the Oscars, its winners for best feature from the previous two years, “Birdman” and “Spotlight,” went on to receive the Academy Award for best picture. Other awardees included Ezra Edelman, who won best documentary for the multipart “O. J.: Made in America,” Casey Affleck, best actor for “Manchester by the Sea,” and Isabelle Huppert for “Elle. ” (On Tuesday, the competition between “Moonlight” and “Manchester by the Sea” was ratcheted up another notch by the National Board of Review. The board named Mr. Jenkins best director of the year, but named “Manchester by the Sea” the year’s best film, and Mr. Affleck best actor. Best actress went to Amy Adams, for her star turn in “Arrival. ” Mr. Edelman collected the best documentary award again, while Kenneth Lonergan, who wrote and directed “Manchester,” won for best original screenplay. The rather mysterious board  —   which describes itself as a “select group of film enthusiasts, filmmakers, professionals, academics and students of varying ages and backgrounds”  —   will hold its awards ceremony in Manhattan on Jan. 4.) At the Gothams on Monday night, Mr. Affleck, who is famously fame averse, said while clutching his award onstage, “It feels really good, I got to say. I didn’t think I’d care this much. ” A clearly shocked Ms. Huppert said, “I’m stunned I’m breathless,” as the room cheered. “They told me it’s a very American award. A very New Yorker award. And ‘You are French, so you probably won’t get it. ’” Not surprisingly, given the crowd and the host,   Key, the evening was heavily laced with references  —   overt, sly, heartfelt and arch  —   to   Donald J. Trump. “Here’s some silver lining: Thank God he isn’t going to live here,” Mr. Key said in his introduction. Oliver Stone, who collected a tribute award, urged    filmmakers to risk being critical of their government if they saw fit. “Don’t go easy on what you think is wrong,” Mr. Stone said. “The surveillance state, ‘1984,’ cyberwarfare, drone warfare, is with us. This is a major, major issue of our time. I hope you young people will address it. ” After Mr. Stone returned to his seat, Mr. Key jokingly pitched him film ideas from the stage. “How about ‘JFKKK’?” Mr. Key asked. “No? What about ‘Wall Tweet’?” Later, presenting the audience award, the actor Damian Lewis noted how the voting process worked. “This is the best part,” Mr. Lewis said. “The film that receives the most votes is the winner. It’s a brilliant idea. ”",0
8561,"[WATCH] Shameless CNN Reporter Insults Trump, INSTANTLY Regrets That Decision","0 comments 
CNN’s Dana Bash attacked Donald Trump on Wednesday for “taking time out of swing states” to attend the opening of his newest hotel in Washington, D.C., even though he had three campaign stops scheduled for that same day. 
She instantly regretted that decision, though, because Trump but her in her place without even blinking an eye. 
Watch: Dana Bash: Is your DC hotel opening free advertising?Donald Trump: “No, not at all” https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/9HHqooom8r 
— CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 26, 2016 
SHARE this if you think Donald Trump has what it takes to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!",0
8562,"UPDATE: Yahoo questions US govt's alleged order to secretly scan emails, ACLU files motion","Thu, 20 Oct 2016 13:28 UTC © sky32.ddns.net Yahoo has urged the US government to disclose national security orders Washington allegedly issued to obtain user data. It comes after a Reuters report claimed that Yahoo built a software program to search customers' emails for specific US intelligence. The letter to Director of National Intelligence (DNI) James Clapper was released on Yahoo's website on Wednesday. ""We urge your office to consider the following actions to provide clarity on the matter: confirm whether an order, as described in these media reports, was issued; declassify in whole or in part such order, if it exists; and make a sufficiently detailed public and contextual comment to clarify the alleged facts and circumstances,"" the letter read. The company called for an explanation of ""under what set of circumstances"" the US authorities obtained users' private information. ""Citizens in a democracy require such information to understand and debate the appropriateness of such authorities and how the government employs them."" According to Yahoo, the report ""set a stronger precedent of transparency for our users and all citizens who could be affected by government requests for user data. As we've said before, recent press reports have been misleading; the mail scanning described in the article does not exist on our systems."" Timothy Barrett, a spokesman for Clapper's office, confirmed to Reuters that the DNI head had received a letter and ""will respond to Yahoo directly."" A similar call to the US government has been made by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU). The group filed a motion to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) requesting the release of court records. ""As the revelation of the Yahoo! Order underscores, an unknown number of legal opinions and orders assessing the constitutionality of and statutory basis for the government's surveillance activities remain hidden from the public,"" the group said in its letter. According to the ACLU motion, ""judicial opinions interpreting constitutional and statutory limits on governmental authorities - including those relevance to foreign-intelligence surveillance - have regularly been available for inspection by the public ... their release is manifestly fundamental in a democracy committed to the rule of law."" The controversial document, which claims Yahoo built a custom software program to search all of its customers' incoming emails for specific information provided by US intelligence officials, was released October 4. The document, first reported by Reuters, said that a custom software program was secretly built in 2015 to comply with a classified US government directive. The program scanned hundreds of millions of Yahoo Mail accounts, according to the revelations. Under laws including the 2008 amendments to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, intelligence agencies can ask American phone and internet companies to provide customer data to aid foreign intelligence-gathering efforts for a variety of reasons, including prevention of terrorist attacks. But it wasn't until the disclosures by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden and others who exposed the extent of electronic surveillance on the public that the US government was forced to scale back its program in order to protect privacy rights. Comment: See also:",0
8563,"Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, Mother Teresa: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The first hurricane to hit Florida in 11 years caused major storm surges and power losses from Tampa to Tallahassee, but only one fatality was reported. Now a weaker tropical storm, Hermine is inundating Georgia and moving into the Carolinas, and a watch is in effect from New Jersey to Rhode Island. Here’s our map of the storm’s path. _____ 2.   companies still wield enormous clout in Washington. The   and cigar industries are deploying an army of some 75 lobbyists to try to keep the Food and Drug Administration from examining their products for public health risks and possibly banning them. The battle comes nearly two decades after tobacco companies paid out $200 billion to compensate the public for health consequences of smoking. _____ 3. Email trouble continued to dog Hillary Clinton’s campaign. The F. B. I. released its July interview with her, along with a summary of the investigation into her use of a private server as secretary of state. Here are six things we learned, including new details of when some of her emails were deleted. _____ 4. Donald Trump shifted from his midweek focus on immigration to reaching out to black voters. He visited Philadelphia on Friday and will visit a church in Detroit on Saturday. The pastor will interview him for a cable show, but it remains to be seen whether Mr. Trump will follow the scripted answers laid out by his advisers. Moderators for the coming presidential debates were announced: Lester Holt of NBC on Sept. 26, Martha Raddatz of ABC and Anderson Cooper of CNN on Oct. 9, and Chris Wallace of Fox News on Oct. 19. _____ 5. President Obama is heading to China for his final G20 summit meeting this weekend. He’ll stress his determination to overcome congressional opposition to the   Partnership trade accord. Above, he stopped en route at Midway Atoll, where he recently expanded a marine national monument into the world’s largest marine preserve. _____ 6. On Sunday, hundreds of thousands of Catholics are expected as Pope Francis leads a service elevating Mother Teresa to sainthood. The nun, who served the sick and dying in Kolkata, formerly known as Calcutta, died 19 years ago. Here is a timeline of her life. Her work lives on, but her legacy is not without critics. _____ 7. Here’s a roundup of sports entertainment for the long weekend. There’s tons of tennis at the U. S. Open (ESPN2, the Tennis Channel) but it’s noisier than usual  —   the new retractable roof is wrecking acoustics at Arthur Ashe Stadium. Major League Baseball’s regular season has just a month to go, with the New York Yankees in surprisingly good shape. And college football begins in earnest. Here’s our forecast. _____ 8. Among the films opening this weekend, Michael Fassbender and Alicia Vikander play an Australian couple who find a baby in the   War I romance “The Light Between Oceans. ” And our film experts found seven   indies whose audiences just keep building, including “Southside With You,” “Indignation” and “Hunt for the Wilderpeople. ” Still hunting? Here’s what’s new for streaming. And our critics found two TV shows, four books and seven viral videos to distract you. _____ 9. Finally, if you happen to be in Midland, Tex. you can join in the Summer Mummers, a nearly    tradition. On Friday and Saturday nights, thousands of people pack into the Yucca Theater to boo a raunchy, corny stage show  —   and fling popcorn at the performers and one another. Popcorn sales for the season? An estimated $110, 000. Have a great weekend.  _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
8564,"Project Veritas 4: Robert Creamer's Illegal $20,000 Foreign Wire Transfer Caught On Tape","Project Veritas 4: Robert Creamer's Illegal $20,000 Foreign Wire Transfer Caught On Tape   Zero Hedge 
Project Veritas has just released Part IV of it's multi-part series exposing numerous scandals surrounding the DNC and the Clinton campaign, including efforts to incite violence at Trump rallies and, at least what seems to be, illegal coordination between the DNC, Hillary For America and various Super PACs. 
Part IV focuses on a $20,000 foreign donation made by an undercover Project Veritas journalist to Americans United for Change (AUFC). Ironically, shortly after the $20k donation wire was released, the contributor's ""niece"" was offered an internship with Creamer's firm, Democracy Partners. 
In the new video, Creamer says: “Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters … I am in this campaign mainly to deal with what earned media with television, radio, with earned media and social media, not with paid media, not with advertising.” He also mentions a conference call discussing a woman potentially coming forward to accuse Trump of inappropriate behavior. 
Creamer, a seasoned Chicago activist who is married to Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-IL), whose Republican opponent, Joan McCarthy Lasonde has called for her to resign over her husband’s activities, also talks about his work with Barack Obama, whom he says he has known since the 1980s, when Obama was a community organizer in Chicago: “He’s a pro, I’ve known the President since he was a community organizer in Chicago.” 
Elsewhere, Creamer adds: “I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the… the health care bill, for trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.” 
In the effort to prove the credibility of the undercover donor featured in the videos and to keep the investigation going, Project Veritas Action made the decision to donate twenty thousand dollars to Robert Creamer’s effort. Project Veritas Action had determined that the benefit of this investigation outweighed the cost. And it did. 

“First thing, like I said, thank you for the proposal. And I’d like to get the $20,000 across to you. The second call I’m going to make here is to my money guy and he’s going to get in touch with you and auto wire the funds to you,” said the PVA journalist. 

Creamer told the PVA journalist to send the money to Americans United for Change. Shortly after the money was released, the “donors”“niece” - another Project Veritas Action journalist - was offered an internship with Creamer. 

In an effort to see how far Creamer would go with the promise of more money, another Project Veritas journalist posing as the donor’s money liaison requested a meeting with Creamer. During that meeting, Creamer spoke about connections he had with Obama and Clinton. 
AUFC President, Brad Woodhouse, subsequently returned the money, after Project Veritas started to release their undercover videos, citing ""concerns that it might have been an illegal foreign donation."" Oddly, Woodhouse was not terribly concerned about the ""legality"" of the donation when he chose to accept it a month prior. 
In an unexpected twist, AUFC president Brad Woodhouse, the recipient of the $20,000, heard that Project Veritas Action was releasing undercover videos exposing AUFC’s activities. He told a journalist that AUFC was going to return the twenty thousand dollars. He said it was because they were concerned that it might have been an illegal foreign donation. Project Veritas Action was pleased but wondered why that hadn’t been a problem for the month that they had the money. 

While the latest video focuses on the "" $20,000 illegal foreign contribution"" from an undercover Project Veritas journalist , the following comments from Robert Creamer were also rather intriguing in light of recent White House efforts to vehemently deny any connections between he and President Obama. 
""Oh Barack Obama's was the best campaign in the history of American politics, I mean the second one, I mean the first was good too. I was a consultant to both, the second one, was everything hit on every level and every aspect. 

He's a pro. I've known the President since he was a community organizer in Chicago . 

I was just at and event with him in Chicago actually, on Friday last . He is just as good as ever. I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues. Helping to run issued campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the...the health care bill...trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues."" 
* * * 
As a reminder, video 3 directly linking Donna Brazile and Hillary Clinton to efforts to disrupt Trump events. 

Video 2 provided the democrat playbook on how to commit ""mass voter fraud"": 

Video 1 revealed DNC efforts to incite violence at Trump rallies: Share This Article...",0
8565,"Aleppo, Berlin, Russia: Your Morning Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning.  Here’s what you need to know: •  Russia’s ambassador to Turkey was fatally shot while giving a speech in Ankara, an attack a Russian official characterized as a terror attack. The gunman, described by Turkish officials as a      police officer, shouted “don’t forget Aleppo, don’t forget Syria! ,” as captured in this video (warning, graphic images). Russia has long backed Syria’s government in that country’s brutal civil war. _____ • Hours earlier, the United Nations passed a resolution to monitor the evacuation of tens of thousands of civilians from the fallen city of Aleppo. Russia signed on only after a compromise that could allow Syrian soldiers and allied Shiite militias to block the monitors’ access. One of the civilians saved is a    girl whose tweets describing life in wartime have drawn comparisons to Anne Frank. In Iraq, where the urban war against the Islamic State is grinding on, up to one million people are trapped in the city of Mosul, running low on food and water. _____ • The International Monetary Fund endorsed its leader, Christine Lagarde, despite her conviction in a French court on charges of misusing public funds. The judge declined to impose a fine or jail time. Ms. Lagarde said she would not appeal. Here are the basics of the case, which involved the misuse of public funds when she served as France’s finance minister. _____ • “I could not think of two more different protagonists in the great drama of U. S.  relations. ” The analyst quoted was referring to China’s steely, calculated and scripted president, Xi Jinping, and the brash,   Donald J. Trump, whose election was formally validated amid protests today. The dispute over China’s seizure of U. S. underwater drone this week offers hints at the possibly combustible mix of their different styles in the case of bigger tensions _____ • Indonesia’s daunting shortage of skilled workers  —   in fields ranging from medical services to agriculture  —   could thwart President Joko Widodo’s ambitious plans to upgrade the country’s outdated infrastructure. • The founder of Blued, China’s most popular gay dating app, is a former police officer who secretly ran a website for gay people for 16 years. • Wall Street forecasters are delivering their market predictions for the coming year  —   which our columnist reminds to take with more than a grain of salt. Remember 2008? Stocks were supposed to be great that year.  • Malaysia’s ringgit hit its lowest level since the Asian financial crisis in 1998. • The yen recovered against the U. S. dollar as the Bank of Japan upgraded its economic outlook. • Wall Street was up. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Twelve people were killed in Berlin after a truck driver plowed into a Christmas market. [The New York Times] • Gunmen involved in a terrorist attack in Jordan on Sunday had a stash of weapons, explosives and suicide vests, suggesting plans for more attacks. [The New York Times] • Australians reported the highest levels of  life satisfaction yet in the 16 years of an annual survey. [Australian Associated Press] • Thailand is slowly showing signs of moving on after the death of the   king, Bhumibol Adulyadej, and the succession of his son. [The New York Times] • Norway and China normalized diplomatic and political ties, frozen since 2010 when Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. [The New York Times] •   Chinese tourists are becoming an   force in New York. [The New York Times] • New legislation in the U. S. is expected to worsen the water wars among farmers, fishing industries and environmentalists. [The Associated Press] • Cities across eastern China imposed emergency measures over hazardous air pollution. Exposure levels to the most dangerous particles, called PM 2. 5, reached 40 times the recommended threshold in Hebei Province. [South China Morning Post] • In the Siberian city of Irkutsk, Russia, at least 48 people died after drinking scented bath lotion as a cheap substitute for alcohol. [The New York Times] • Tokyo estimates that it will cost $3. 2 billion over 30 years to decommission a prototype fast breeder reactor that has been plagued with problems. [Asahi Shimbun] • The Year in News. The U. S. presidential election and the candidates were popular subjects for Times readers this year, but our   article, like last year, was about love. Here’s the full list  —   with a “no politics” option. • Pregnancy alters the size and structure of  a woman’s brain in ways that may make it easier to recognize an infant’s needs, researchers say. • China Machado, the first nonwhite supermodel and an   pioneer who forced the world to rethink what is considered beautiful, died at 86. • Our Daily 360 video offers a glimpse of reproductions of the prehistoric art in the Lascaux caves in France, circa 15, 000 B. C. The actual caves were closed to the public more than 50 years ago. When is a phone call like a diplomatic life preserver? When you’re Taiwan, and on the other end of the line is   Donald J. Trump, the first American leader to speak to you in 37 years. Above, President Tsai   during the call. “When you are small and fighting a much bigger adversary,” a Taiwanese diplomat told The Times a few months ago, “you had better use your wisdom. ” China considers the island, ruled by Nationalists who fled the Communist takeover in 1949, a renegade province. So when the U. S. and China opened diplomatic relations in 1979, the U. S. had to cut off Taiwan. As China’s might and markets grew, most other countries followed suit. Taiwan is now recognized by just 22 countries, mostly tiny island nations in the Caribbean and Pacific swayed by Taipei’s aid packages. Two years ago, a former Guatemalan leader admitted to accepting Taiwanese bribes for diplomatic recognition. Taiwan’s last ally in Europe is the Vatican. But there, too, officials have made overtures toward China, which has a vigorous, if partly underground, Catholic community. For now, Nicaragua remains with Taiwan. But it may sway: A mainland Chinese company has pledged to create a transoceanic shipping route through it, to rival the Panama Canal. Patrick Boehler contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes. com.",0
8566,How To Choose The Best Batteries For Prepper Solar Systems,"Carmela Tyrell November 3, 2016 How To Choose The Best Batteries For Prepper Solar Systems 
No matter what device you use to turn solar power into electricity, a storage system for the electricity is absolutely essential. Without batteries or some other form of storage, you will not be able to produce an even flow of current or span time gaps when the system produces too little power or none at all. 
While there are many different kinds of batteries on the market that can be used with solar systems, they may not be best for preppers. 
Here are some things you should keep in mind when buying pre-fabricated batteries. 
Understand How the Batteries Will Be Used 
If you don’t want to spend a lot of time figuring out your average household electric consumption, simply go back to your electric bills for one year. Pick the highest bill and look at the amount of electricity you used. Multiply that by about 30% to take into account higher energy drains for unusual weather patterns and you will have some good ideas about how much power the batteries will need to produce per year. 
While power output is a very important part of understanding battery use, it is also important to keep the following factors in mind: Aside from computing average yearly and daily use, it is also very important to know how deeply you can cycle the battery, (essentially how much you can let it drain to almost empty before recharging it) and how often you can do so without damage. Even though modern batteries are connected to systems that reduce the risk of overcharging, there is no way to prevent the battery from being cycled too deeply or too often other than to have more batteries in the system. Make sure that the batteries can safely withstand charging and discharging at the same time. Do not just go by the battery type when making this assessment. Rather, look for testimonials and consumer reports on the actual models of interest to you. If you do not feel confident that the battery can truly handle this type of use, then create a system with two battery banks so that one can be used for powering your home while the other is charging back up again. Aside from the amount of power being drawn from the battery, some devices draw it faster than others. When evaluating batteries for a solar system, make sure you know how quickly they can be discharged without causing damage. You may find cheaper batteries that cannot be drained as quickly, however you may have to switch between devices so that you do not ruin the batteries. 
Long Warranties vs. Stockpiling 
Right now, our nation and world are facing some very serious catastrophes. For the first time in decades, we have a candidate for president “playing chicken” with nuclear armed Russia to the point where Putin says war with the United State is inevitable. 
If that isn’t bad enough, we’ve essentially got all four of the Biblical horsemen of the apocalypse in play: Famine (in the form of crop failures caused by floods, bee shortages, and soil depletion) Disease (super bugs on the rise, deadly vaccines that leave us vulnerable to cancer yet allergic to common foods such as peanut butter and dairy, and food borne illness that may be enhanced by “undocumented citizens” that tend to work in food production) Warfare (terrorism aside, civil war might erupt right beneath our own feet) A pervasive sense of some kind of death march that most don’t even recognize because they have been so heavily brainwashed and bound up into a system of lies, corruption, and greed. 
With all of this going on, it is entirely too easy to disregard warranties because the companies that offer them may not be available to meet their end of the bargain once society collapses past a certain point. 
That being said, neither we, nor these companies actually know when a major disaster will come along. It would be foolhardy, at best for a company to give a longer warranty on something that will fail much sooner, and then have to take a loss on all those repairs. 
As long as the company itself is in good financial health with a stable board of trustees and executives (you can research this through publically available business portfolios, SEC filing, and other materials designed to attract investors), then there is a good chance the confidence the company displays through the warranty is valid and worthy of consideration. 
It is fair to say that many preppers who don’t believe in the value of warranties prefer to stockpile extra items so that they can replace broken or worn items with new ones. 
In this case, if a battery has an average life of 5 years, some preppers might store way 3x the number of needed batteries thinking they will get 15 years out of them. 
Sadly, as soon as batteries are assembled, they begin to break down inside. No matter how you try to rotate them in and out of service, store them, or baby them, they will all become useless at around the same time. 
Overall, you will be better served by giving more weight to the manufacturer warranty for each battery instead of how many batteries you can store away for future use. Video first seen on LDSreliance . 
Batteries You can Choose From Today 
In earlier articles, I discussed the main kinds of batteries that you can use with your solar power system, as well as the advantages and disadvantages associated with each one. 
Please use the following links for more details about some of the more common batteries on the market. Then, as now, I still have no particular favorite in this industry and feel that it is up to each person to weight their personal needs carefully in relation to each battery type. basic battery types such as wet cells, gel batteries, and lithium ion batteries a more detailed look at the pros and cons of Edison batteries a look at a relative newcomer – Tesla Batteries 
Batteries that May be Available Soon 
In the last year, some absolutely amazing batteries came one step closer to being available to consumers. 
Here are my 5 favorites: 
Gold Nanowire Batteries – these batteries make use of ultra thin gold wires suspended in an electrolyte gel. During testing, they were deep cycled several thousand times without being ruined or breaking down. Of all the emerging batteries, this one has the potential to last for decades and beyond. Since they can also be scaled to a size suitable for automobiles, they may also be the perfect battery for preppers. Video first seen on UPHIGH Productions . 
Graphene batteries – basically, graphene batteries make use of carbon arranged into honeycomb like lattices to store energy. The are lighter in weight, last longer, and are much safer than lithium ion batteries. 
At this time, you can purchase graphene batteries and give them a try. I recommend trying out the smaller ones for portable devices before moving on to larger ones to integrate with a solar power system. 
It will also be of some help to keep an eye on emerging technologies that combine graphene batteries with super capacitors and other materials. As innovative as graphene batteries are, there is still plenty of room for even better batteries to be developed in the next year or so. 
Aluminum Air Battery – these fascinating batteries literally run on water and can deliver several times the power of a lithium ion battery. Current models will run for about 14 days before you have to top them off again with tap or salt water. 
Some models of these batteries are supposed to be available in 2016, however it may be some time before you can buy ones large enough to power a household. 
Titanium Dioxide Battery – instead of using carbon, these batteries make use of titanium dioxide. The NTU battery will charge up much faster than conventional batteries, and will last well over 10 years. 
If these batteries come out in the next year or so, I would recommend them over current battery designs. Since these batteries still don’t last as long as some other emerging designs, I’d call them an improvement, but would still keep some money aside for nanowire and other battery types. 
Organic batteries – did you know that a molecule similar to the one found in rhubarb may hold the key to durable batteries that are safer, charge faster, and last longer? While organic batteries are very much in the early stages of development, they deserve some attention from preppers. 
Aside from purchasing pre-made batteries, some of the ideas presented may lend themselves well to creating your own batteries from household or natural materials. 
Without a question, if there is a battery that appeals to preppers, this would be it because of the potential ability to make them at the consumer level. 
While it may still be some time before these batteries are offered for home energy use, they have the capacity to work better and last longer than anything else on the market right now. 
Tip: 
If you must buy batteries for an existing solar power system, then buy   running now. Just try to set some money and resources aside so that you can purchase these newer designs when they become available. 
Other Ways to Produce Even Power Output 
Today, batteries aren’t the only way to provide a steady flow of electricity. Because modern batteries charge slowly and cannot manage sudden spikes in power demands, they are often teamed up with ultra or super capacitors. 
Aside from reducing demands on batteries, these capacitors can also recapture energy that would be lost. Regardless of the battery you choose for your solar power system, it will be well worth your effort to include super capacitors to increase efficiency and stability of power flow. 
Just about all technologies today focus on using various materials to store electricity. But what if we could store heat from the sun, and then convert it to electricity on an “as needed” basis? 
If you are interested in DIY power storage solutions, give some thought to storing heat instead of electricity. 
You might also want to look into ways to store energy into springs or even use motion as a means to keep the energy readily available. 
Take the time now to learn more about how different kinds of energy are translated from one form to another, and also how they can converted to electricity at any stage in the process. Even though every system will lose energy as it converts from one form to another, that option may still be better than having no power storage options available at all. 
Preparing for Social Collapse 
Over the years, I have experienced a good bit of frustration as I have searched for answers to the thorny question of how to produce electricity, and then store it. 
Each time I look at emerging technologies, I seek to test them to see if I will wind up relying on organizations that will charge a fortune for maintenance and equipment replacement. 
Needless to say, I also find it quite vexing when I cannot find all the answers in one place, or one answer does not meet all my needs. 
From that perspective, it seems best to not focus exclusively on just one battery or power storage technology. Here are some steps to take: Try to obtain small versions of different battery types for testing purposes. Instead of using them with a conventional power charger, see how they respond to mini solar panels, body power systems, or anything else you may be working Choose a battery type that seems to work best ,and purchase one or two units that would be suitable to integrate with your solar power system. If they work well, you can opt to purchase enough batteries to power your home, and then wait to see what else becomes available. As newer battery types become available, try to obtain small versions so you can test them out. For example, right now you can purchase graphene batteries and connect them to any number of different systems. If you happen to find a battery that works really well in the smaller sizes, then keep an eye out to see when larger ones become available. Gradually, you can replace older technologies with newer ones and hopefully come out with a better system in the end. For the best long term options, think for yourself and do what you can to explore power storage options that may not be as popular. If you can find something that you can build for yourself, you will be that much closer to the goal of complete and sustainable energy independence. 
As you can see, purchasing batteries for a solar energy system as a prepper isn’t exactly the same as it is for homesteaders and off gridders. While these people still have an interest in good quality batteries that will be reliable and durable, preppers must always take into account what to do in the event of social collapse. 
Therefore, when it comes to choosing the best batteries, you will always need to think past the current time frame and look to future technologies as well as developing your own innovations. 
And be prepared to survive an EMP – an upcoming disaster which we can’t stop. Click the banner below and prepare yourself for this disaster. 
  Carmela Tyrell for Survivopedia. 
Further reading:",0
8567,"Donald Trump, Colombia, Fidel Castro: Your Wednesday Briefing - The New York Times","Good morning. Here’s what you need to know: • The Trump administration took shape. The Transportation Department, the focus of   Donald J. Trump’s pledge to spend billions on infrastructure, will be led by Elaine Chao. Ms. Chao is a former labor secretary and is married to the Senate’s top Republican, Mitch McConnell. Tom Price, a   Republican congressman from Georgia who is a chief critic of President Obama’s health care initiative, will oversee its future. Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs partner who has worked in hedge funds and Hollywood finance, is Mr. Trump’s expected choice for Treasury secretary. _____ • Mr. Trump, who has been communicating with the public through social media rather than news conferences, proposed two unconstitutional measures in a single tweet: forbidding the burning of the American flag, a right under free speech, and stripping the culprit of citizenship. _____ • Austria could elect Norbert Hofer, above, as the first   head of state in   War II Europe on Sunday, in what could be yet another victory for populists on the Continent. As support for   parties is rising across Europe, new research suggests that people have become more critical of democracy. “The warning signs are flashing red,” one scholar said. And another tectonic shift is coming to the European order: leaders are increasingly seeking to accommodate a resurgent Russia. _____  • The ferocious offensive in eastern Aleppo, in Syria, has forced some 16, 000 people to flee for their lives in the last few days, a United Nations official said. Leaflets warned inhabitants: “If you don’t leave these areas quickly you will be annihilated. ” John O. Brennan, the C. I. A. director, accused Russia of “disingenuous” negotiating tactics in Syria in an interview with the BBC. He also warned that scrapping the Iran nuclear agreement would be “the height of folly. ” _____ • A handful of people survived after a plane crashed outside Medellín, Colombia, killing many members of Chapecoense, a Brazilian soccer team, and journalists traveling with them. Plane crashes can be uniquely devastating when a sports team is on board. Here’s a look at other crashes, including one that involved the Manchester United team in 1958. _____ • Our correspondent returned to the Egyptian port city of Alexandria to find a place where despair had displaced the hope and anticipation of the 1960s. The country’s parliament endorsed a law regulating nongovernmental organizations that human rights groups say effectively bans their work. _____ • The price of oil fell ahead of today’s OPEC meeting, where the rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran may sink a possible agreement to curb production for the first time in eight years. • Volkswagen has failed to reach a settlement with some American customers over its emissions scandal. A hearing set for today has been postponed to  . • Drug regulators in the U. S. approved   clinical trials to study MDMA, the illegal party drug better known as Ecstasy, as treatment for   stress disorder. • The Bank of England said that the outlook on Britain’s financial stability “remains challenging. ” The Royal Bank of Scotland failed a stress test. •  Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Germany arrested an employee of its domestic intelligence agency. The man is accused of posting Islamist messages online and sharing secrets. [Reuters] • The Five Star Movement, the Italian party campaigning against changes to the country’s Constitution in a referendum on Sunday, has been tied to online outlets that spread conspiracy theories. [BuzzFeed] • The Islamic State claimed the attack on Monday at Ohio State University, calling the   American student, seen here in a recent photo, who ran over people with a car and knifed others “a soldier. ” [The New York Times] • Britain’s new surveillance law took effect. It requires web and phone companies to store a year of personal browsing data to which the authorities will have unprecedented access. [The Guardian] • A former youth coach has been charged with eight counts of child sexual assault over a scandal that has shaken English soccer. [The New York Times] • A vast arched shelter slid into place over the Chernobyl nuclear disaster site in Ukraine, intended to protect against any additional spewing of toxic material for a century. [The New York Times] • The U. S. and China overtook Russia in space launches this year. [Moscow Times] • Leave or be driven out: Residents of coastal villages in Alaska are grappling with difficult decisions on how and when to relocate in the face of flooding and erosion linked to climate change. The state is warming twice as fast as the rest of the United States, pushing it to the forefront of adaptation. • Die Antwoord, the confrontational South African   musicians, have become something entirely unexpected: Hollywood. • Germany, the land of beer, riesling and schnapps, has gone gin mad. • The Times first prepared a report on the death of Fidel Castro in 1959. It has since cost us more hours than any other obituary we’ve ever run. • And at a moment when technology has made cultivating relationships easier, but also shallower, one writer considers the importance of true friendships. We told you last week about Lee   a deaf South Korean tennis player who is ranked 143rd in the world, a notable achievement in the sport’s professional era. But a keen reader informed us that more than 100 years ago, a British player who lost her hearing was also a champion. Charlotte Cooper Sterry was a rising star at a time when female players wore dresses and used wooden rackets. Her style of attacking the net and serving overhand were rare then. A year after winning her first Wimbledon title in 1895, she went completely deaf  —   why is not clear. But Ms. Sterry won the tournament (it was for amateurs only back then) four more times as well as an Olympic gold medal in 1900. Ms. Sterry played into her 40s and died in 1966 at age 96. Her achievements were soon eclipsed in history by players like Helen Wills Moody of the United States, who also won many Wimbledon titles, including four consecutively from 1927 to 1930. In that stretch, she lost just one set at the tournament: in 1927 to Ms. Sterry’s daughter. “Who is this Miss Sterry?” a Times article reported stunned spectators asking. An agitated man revealed the older Ms. Sterry’s feats. He added, “Look up your records, you ignorant scriveners. ” Sean Alfano contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes. com.",0
8568,Tension With Russia Rises as U.S. Halts Syria Negotiations - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The United States on Monday suspended talks with Russia over the protracted conflict in Syria, accusing the Kremlin of joining with the Syrian Air Force in carrying out a brutal bombing campaign against the besieged city of Aleppo. Anticipating the end of the talks after repeated warnings from American officials, President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia responded by withdrawing from a landmark arms control agreement that calls for each side to dispose of 34 tons of plutonium, a material used in nuclear weapons. The developments signaled the further deterioration of relations between the United States and Russia, which are now bitterly at odds over Syria, Ukraine and other issues. “Cooperation over Syria was the Obama administration’s last and best shot for arresting the downward spiral in the bilateral relationship with Russia,” said Andrew S. Weiss, a former White House expert on Russia who is vice president for studies at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. “The mistrust and hostility toward the United States by the Russian leadership is real and growing. It is going to be the driving force behind Russian external behavior for many years to come. ” Just a month ago, it appeared that Secretary of State John Kerry was on the verge of securing the   cooperation of Russia on Syria through an agreement with Sergey V. Lavrov, the Russian foreign minister, that called for a reduction of violence, access to humanitarian aid and the joint targeting of jihadist groups. But no sooner was the agreement announced than it began to fray  —   first because of the accidental bombing of Syrian troops by the   coalition and then because of what the United States claimed was a deliberate bombing by Russian aircraft and Syrian helicopters of a humanitarian convoy headed to Aleppo. In recent days, Russian and Syrian aircraft have carried out attacks, mainly in Aleppo, using   bombs, incendiary munitions, cluster bombs, barrel bombs and thermobaric bombs, which scatter a cloud of explosive particles before detonating in devastating blasts, according to American intelligence officials. About 275, 000 civilians are trapped in those areas, including an estimated 100, 000 children. Hundreds of people have been killed in the past week, international aid groups say. President Obama’s administration was poised to halt the talks last week unless the Russians stopped the bombing and persuaded President Bashar   of Syria to do the same. But Mr. Kerry asked the White House for more time to continue his discussions. Mr. Kerry talked a few times with Mr. Lavrov, and teams of American and Russian experts had what the State Department called “very robust discussions” throughout the weekend. At one point, a   lasting several days appeared to be under discussion. But by Monday, it was clear that the gulf between Russia and the Western powers was as wide as ever. “This is not a decision that was taken lightly,” John Kirby, the State Department spokesman, said in a statement issued on Monday. “The United States spared no effort in negotiating and attempting to implement an arrangement with Russia aimed at reducing violence, providing unhindered humanitarian access and degrading terrorist organizations operating in Syria,” including fighters for the Islamic State and the Levant Conquest Front, an affiliate of Al Qaeda formerly known as the Nusra Front. “Unfortunately, Russia failed to live up to its own commitments,” the statement added. “Rather, Russia and the Syrian regime have chosen to pursue a military course, inconsistent with the cessation of hostilities, as demonstrated by their intensified attacks against civilian areas,” which American officials say have included hospitals. Notably missing from the statement was any reference to steps the United States might take to strengthen the Syrian opposition by providing antiaircraft weapons or imposing economic sanctions to punish Russian organizations that are helping the Syrian government. The Obama administration has announced that it will consider “options and alternatives. ” But with Mr. Obama reluctant to intervene in the escalating Syrian civil war or to risk an inadvertent confrontation with the Russian military, it is not clear how much interest the White House has in pursuing such options. Mr. Kerry said in a meeting with Syrian civilians last month that he was one of three or four people in the administration who had previously argued for using force against the Assad government, and that he had lost the argument. But Mr. Putin had a move of his own. Saying relations with the United States had deteriorated in a “radically changed environment,” he issued a decree suspending his country’s participation in an agreement on the disposal of plutonium that was concluded in 2000 as one of the framework disarmament deals of the early   War period. The deal has no bearing on the number of nuclear weapons deployed by the United States or Russia. Instead, it concerns the plutonium kept in storage in those countries that in theory could be used to make nuclear weapons. Gary Samore, who oversaw the negotiations of the plutonium agreement for President Bill Clinton’s administration, said Mr. Putin’s response had more political than military significance. “It is a political gesture that is part of the deterioration of relations, particularly after the collapse of the Syrian   agreement,” said Mr. Samore, now the executive director for research at the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard. “We can both afford to get rid of 34 tons of plutonium without putting much of a dent in the plutonium that is available for military use. ” Still, a senior Obama administration official said the move was worrisome. Even with the growing tensions in   relations, the United States has argued that agreements regarding weapons of mass destruction should be sacrosanct because they are in both sides’ interest, the official said. “The Kremlin has not bought that argument,” said the official, who requested anonymity to discuss sensitive negotiations. Mr. Putin’s decision to withdraw from the treaty may not have much practical effect beyond depriving each side of the opportunity to verify what the other is doing. The Russians had interpreted the treaty as requiring that the plutonium be irreversibly transformed into nonexplosive materials by being used in civilian nuclear power plants as mixed oxide fuel, or mox. Russia has signaled that it plans to press ahead with that undertaking despite Mr. Putin’s order today. But glitches and cost overruns at the mox plant near Aiken, S. C. delayed the American program. This year, Mr. Obama proposed canceling the program in the 2017 budget and sending the plutonium for   storage at a nuclear waste site in Carlsbad, N. M. The State Department has said the move complies with the treaty, but the Russians have said it does not, as Mr. Putin reaffirmed on Monday. At the United Nations, France is pushing the Security Council to adopt a toughly worded resolution that calls on the Syrian government to halt aerial bombardments and let in humanitarian aid. But on Monday, the Russian ambassador to the United Nations, Vitaly I. Churkin, ruled out any immediate prospect for a stop to the airstrikes, saying that the Nusra Front had taken eastern Aleppo “hostage” and that Russian intervention had stopped its advance. “We’re trying to make sure black flags won’t fly over Damascus,” Mr. Churkin told reporters at a news conference.",0
8569,Egyptian Christians Killed for Refusing to Renounce Their Faith in Jesus,"As more and more details emerge concerning Friday’s Ramadan attack on a busload of Christians on pilgrimage, the more it becomes evident that these 29 martyrs died solely because they were Christians. [Survivors of the attack said that the ten masked Islamic State militants did not merely open fire on the bus full of Christian pilgrims on their way to the Monastery of Saint Samuel the Confesor, but that the victims were made to descend from the bus and asked one by one whether they were Christians before being shot by the assailants.  According to one of the chaplains of the group, Father Rashed, as each pilgrim came off the bus they were asked to renounce their Christian faith and profess belief in Islam, but all of them —  even the children —  refused. Each was killed in cold blood with a gunshot to the head or the throat. In a statement Friday, President Donald Trump said the “merciless slaughter of Christians in Egypt tears at our hearts and grieves our souls. ” “Wherever innocent blood is spilled, a wound is inflicted upon humanity,” the statement said. “But this attack also steels our resolve to bring nations together for the righteous purpose of crushing the evil organizations of terror, and exposing their depraved, twisted, and thuggish ideology. ” The attack occurred in the midst of a   state of emergency period in Egypt following twin attacks on Coptic churches on Palm Sunday last month that killed some 46 Christians who were in church honoring the celebrations. The Islamic State claimed responsibility for those attacks as well. On Saturday, the Islamic State claimed responsibility for Friday’s slaughter through its Amaq news agency. BREAKING: #ISIS claimed credit through its ‘Amaq News Agency for the killing of Coptic Christians in #Minya in southern #Egypt pic. twitter.   —   SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) May 27, 2017,  On learning more details of Friday’s attack, Pope Francis declared that the victims were “martyrs,” telling thousands of pilgrims gathered in St. Peter’s Square on Sunday that the murdered Christians, amongst whom were a number of children, “were killed after having refused to renounce their Christian faith. ” Reiterating his closeness to the whole Egyptian nation that two days ago suffered “another act of ferocious violence,” the Pope prayed that the Lord might “welcome these courageous witnesses, these martyrs, in his peace and convert the hearts of the terrorists. ” On Saturday, during a pastoral visit to Genoa, Francis prayed for the victims of the attack and lamented that there were more martyrs today than in early Christian times. He also tweeted about the event, requesting prayers for “our Coptic brethren in Egypt” and highlighting the religious motivation behind the assault. Let us pray for our Coptic brethren in Egypt who were killed because they did not want to renounce the faith.  —   Pope Francis (@Pontifex) May 27, 2017,  While European leaders repeatedly stressed the importance of combating “global warming” during a recent meeting of the G7 in Taormina, Italy, President Donald Trump stressed the absolute priority of fighting the real and present danger of Islamic terrorism. The President delivered a powerful speech against Islamist terrorism before 55 world leaders from Arab and other   nations in Riyadh earlier this week. In that speech, Trump called for unity in pursuing “the one goal that transcends every other consideration. That goal is to meet history’s great test —  to conquer extremism and vanquish the forces of terrorism. ” In this unique and preeminent task, Trump said, “  countries must take the lead in combating radicalization. ” “Every time a terrorist murders an innocent person, and falsely invokes the name of God, it should be an insult to every person of faith,” Mr. Trump said. “Terrorists do not worship God, they worship death. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome",0
8570,NOT KIDDING: Colleges Give Students “Safe Spaces” To Cry Over Trump Win…Threaten Students Over Pro-Trump “Chalkings”,"Students expressed their “fear” over a Trump presidency in messages to each other that were being shared on Twitter today: “Literally scared for their lives” is the new “literally Hitler”. #NotMyPresident pic.twitter.com/8cKfQdF2Ce 
— Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 9, 2016 
And finally, this ridiculous and totally biased email was sent from University of Michigan President to the students offering them assistance to help them through the results of our Presidential election last night. The President wants to ensure the students that the university remains committed to their “most important responsibility” at their school which is apparently, “to remain committed to education, discovery and intellectual honesty – and to diversity, equity and inclusion.”: 
To All Members of the University Community: 
As I’m sure many of you did, I watched the election coverage late into the night, and had the opportunity to visit with students and staff at a results-watching event sponsored by the Ginsberg Center at the Michigan Union. It will take quite some time to completely absorb the results from yesterday’s election, understand the full implications, and discern the long-term impact on our university and our nation . More immediately, in the aftermath of a close and highly contentious election we continue to embrace our most important responsibility as a university community. Our responsibility is to remain committed to education, discovery and intellectual honesty – and to diversity, equity and inclusion. We are at our best when we come together to engage respectfully across our ideological differences; to support ALL who feel marginalized, threatened or unwelcome; and to pursue knowledge and understanding, as we always have, as the students, faculty and staff of the University of Michigan. There are reports of members of our community offering support to one another. Students are planning a vigil tonight on the Diag at 6 p.m. Our Center for Research on Teaching and Learning also has numerous resources available for faculty seeking help in cultivating classroom environments that are responsive to national issues. I also want to make everyone aware of some of the plans and events we have had in place for today and beyond. · Our Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy is holding a Post-Election Analysis from 4 to 5:30 p.m. today in the Weill Hall’s Annenberg Auditorium. Speakers include former U.S. Congressman John Dingell, former Ambassador Ron Weiser, and faculty members Mara Ostfeld, Betsey Stevenson and Marina Whitman. · Our History Department has organized a community discussion led by faculty and students to include historical perspectives at 6 p.m. tonight in 1014 Tisch Hall. · The Office of Student Life will provide resources and referrals for support on campus to students, faculty and staff at a location in the Michigan Union’s Willis Ward Lounge. It will be open today from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. · Our Office of Multi-Ethnic Student Affairs is offering an open space of support to help members of our community connect during open hours today. MESA’s office is in the Michigan Union, Room 2202. · Tomorrow, our Ginsberg Center and Counseling and Psychological Services office is facilitating a Post-election Dialogue: Impact, Perspective-taking, and Moving Forward. This event is part of the Student Life Professional Development Conference at 1 – 2 p.m. in the Michigan League’s Henderson Room. I know that other schools, colleges and offices across our campus are planning events as well. I thank everyone who is helping us come together and ask anyone scheduling a post election event post it on the University of Michigan Events Calendar. I hope all of us will continue to proudly embrace the opportunities before us as the students, faculty and staff of a great public research university governed by the people. Elections are often times of great change, but the values we stand for at U-M have been shaped over the course of nearly 200 years. Our mission remains as essential for society as ever: “…to serve the people of Michigan and the world through preeminence in creating, communicating, preserving and applying knowledge, art, and academic values, and in developing leaders and citizens who will challenge the present and enrich the future.” I look forward to working together with all of you to advance the work we do in service of the public – and to ensure that the University of Michigan will always be a welcoming place for all members of society. Sincerely, 
Mark Schlissel President  ",0
8571,Asra Nomani: Voting for Trump as a Muslim Immigrant Revealed ‘Intolerance of the Tolerance-Loving Left’,"On Tuesday’s Breitbart News Daily, former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani recalled the intolerant reaction of fellow liberal academics after she voted for Donald Trump in the 2016 election. [Nomani went public with her voting decision in a Washington Post  . She explained she was a “   a Muslim, an immigrant woman ‘of color’” who became a “silent voter for Donald Trump,” and she made it clear she was not motivated by bigotry or a desire for “white supremacism. ” Her stated reasons for voting for Trump included the damaging effects of Obamacare and concern about the rise of Islamist extremism worldwide.  She was immediately accused of bigotry and facilitating white supremacism after publishing her article, with one former colleague insulting her as a “clueless dolt” and questioning her humanity.  “You all were kind enough to write a piece from my experience since my election vote, in which a former colleague at Georgetown University, a professor in the Department of Peace and Security Studies, told me to ‘eff off and go to hell’ because of my vote,” she recalled.  “It became a window for me into not just my dynamics with this one individual, but this phenomena that you’re talking about, of the intolerance of the   Left. I was just shocked,” Nomani told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow. “I have to say, I’m naive in a bit, and I really believed the arguments of those who are liberal, saying that they are all about peace and love and tolerance, and didn’t really understand this distinction with the dangerous Left, as you’re identifying,” she said. “I have also gone back in my own analysis and come to the same identity issue of feeling like there’s important principles of liberalism that are significant, but the Left has, unfortunately, hijacked liberals in America and created this intolerance,” she warned. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: ",0
8572,NHL: Canadiens edge past Islanders 3-2,"News Bulletin Shea Weber #6 of the Montreal Canadiens celebrates the game winning powerplay goal at 17:03 of the third period against the New York Islanders and is joined by Jeff Petry #26 at the Barclays Center on October 26, 2016 in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. (AFP) 
The Montreal Canadiens edged past the New York Islanders 3-2 on Wednesday night. 
Montreal took a 2-1 lead early in the third period on a goal by Phillip Danault. But it didn’t take long for Dennis Seidenberg level things up for the Islanders. 
However, with just less than three minutes to play, Shea Weber scored his 3rd of the season on a power play to give Montreal the 3-2 victory.",0
8573,Evil has an Address: Cult Ritual Crimes and How to Stop Them,"Click Here To Learn More About Alexandra's Personalized Essences Psychic Protection Click Here for More Information on Psychic Protection! Implant Removal Series Click here to listen to the IRP and SA/DNA Process Read The Testimonials Click Here To Read What Others Are Experiencing! Copyright © 2012 by Galactic Connection. All Rights Reserved. 
Excerpts may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Alexandra Meadors and www.galacticconnection.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any material on this website without express and written permission from its author and owner is strictly prohibited. Thank you. 
Privacy Policy 
By subscribing to GalacticConnection.com you acknowledge that your name and e-mail address will be added to our database. As with all other personal information, only working affiliates of GalacticConnection.com have access to this data. We do not give GalacticConnection.com addresses to outside companies, nor will we ever rent or sell your email address. Any e-mail you send to GalacticConnection.com is completely confidential. Therefore, we will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. Continue reading... Galactic Connection 2016 | Design & Development by AA at Superluminal Systems Sign Up forOur Newsletter 
Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates, interviews, discounts, and more. Join Us!",0
8574,"Anti-Trump Protesters Destroy Property, Set Fires, Attack Police","Thursday night and Friday morning were but   acts for Loserpalooza, which erupted into violent riots and crazy stunts after Donald Trump took the oath of office and formally became President of the United States. Some scenes from the madness on Friday afternoon:[Vandalism against vehicles, especially limousines, became all the rage. Anarchist graffiti was scrawled on this one after its windows were smashed:  ”We the people” #DCProtests #NBCBoston pic. twitter.   —   Nick Emmons TV (@nicknbcboston) January 20, 2017,  Another limousine was looted for water by thirsty thugs: Wrecked limo being looted for water pic. twitter.   —   dorkasaurus_rex (@dorkasaurus_rex) January 20, 2017,  Even Larry King’s wheels were vandalized, evidently while his driver was still inside: Protestors in DC smashed the windows of my hired SUV  many other cars. I was working    am ok, but my driver is a bit rattled.  —   Larry King (@kingsthings) January 20, 2017,  Outside the offices of the Washington Post, the brownshirts took things to a new level by setting a limousine on fire: They just lit this limo in front of The Washington Post on fire. Massive black smoke. #inauguration pic. twitter.   —   Tauhid Chappell (@TauhidChappell) January 20, 2017,  Limo on fire pic. twitter.   —   Vann R. Newkirk II (@fivefifths) January 20, 2017,  And, of course, a Fox News vehicle was targeted: . @EamonJavers reports that protesters just smashed apart this vehicle belonging to Fox News that is parked in DC pic. twitter.   —   Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) January 20, 2017,  The “protesters” have shown such a predilection for attacking Starbucks coffee shops that all of their locations in D. C. closed for safety: All DC Starbucks shops are closed for safety concerns after riot damage, according to one of the managers pic. twitter.   —   Emily Shire (@eshire) January 20, 2017,  The rioters are also fond of taunting the police, revealing links to Black Lives Matter and the rest of the   anger machine: Protesters yelling ”cops, pigs, murderers” pic. twitter.   —   Igor Bobic (@igorbobic) January 20, 2017,  As noted previously, they’re brimming with respect for America’s armed forces, too. They   “PIGS” on an Army truck: Army truck leaves after someone spray paints ”pigs” on it pic. twitter.   —   Robbie Gramer (@RobbieGramer) January 20, 2017,  The madness isn’t confined to Washington, D. C. An   protester was caught on video spitting in the face of a police officer in Cleveland: Caught on video:   protester spits in Cleveland officer’s face https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   fox8news (@fox8news) January 20, 2017,  While Cleveland settles for spit, D. C. thugs are throwing bricks of cement at the police: MORE: Protesters throwing bricks of cement at police officers in D. C. as situation devolves, @jeffpeguescbs reports https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   CBS News (@CBSNews) January 20, 2017,  As WFAA News documents, it hasn’t been the most dignified day for some: The demonstrators are really into starting fires, because nothing says “respect for democracy and freedom” like setting a blaze. Trump supporters stepped up to put some of the fires out  …     Trump supporter tries to stamp out trash fire set by a  . pic. twitter.   —   Kevin Johnson (@bykevinj) January 20, 2017,    …     only to be assaulted for their trouble. Someone in a MAGA hat just put out the K St. fire, amid resistance, and that hat was taken by a protestor pic. twitter.   —   Mark W. Smith (@markdubya) January 20, 2017,  The Media Research Center put together a vandalism supercut: The   goons did a good job of shutting down vital intersections, which makes them feel powerful, but annoys the heck out of   citizens with jobs to do. Also, it helped   blogs get their precious “Trump inauguration was  !” meme rolling. #BREAKING: Protesters block traffic on   Freeway near 6th Street exit in #DC: https:  .  #inauguration (via @JDLand) pic. twitter.   —   ABC 7 News  —   WJLA (@ABC7News) January 20, 2017,    protesters have blocked the  . pic. twitter.   —   Breaking911 (@Breaking911) January 20, 2017,  The chaos was not without its moments of levity. Here we see bemused authorities dealing with a gang of protesters who   themselves together: Some protested have duct taped selves together pic. twitter.   —   Andy Sher (@AndySher1) January 20, 2017,  Let it be known that capitalism is alive and well in the midst of the chaos: This dude has   buttons for sale with   swag on the flip side of his display pic. twitter.   —   Hunter Walker (@hunterw) January 20, 2017,  The Satanists showed up to declare war on Trump, too: Satanists against Trump arrive in DC. pic. twitter.   —   Breaking911 (@Breaking911) January 20, 2017,  Best of all, there was the viral video of an   supporter just plain losing it when the new President was sworn in: An   protester screams ’no’ as Donald Trump is sworn in as the 45th US President pic. twitter.   —   ITV News (@itvnews) January 20, 2017, ",0
8575,Actor Jeffrey Wright on Scalise Shooting: ’Too Many Stupid Asses’ with ’Too Many F*cking Guns’,"Actor Jeffrey Wright tweeted that our nation has “too many stupid asses” with “too many fucking guns” following news that a man opened fire on Wednesday’s congressional baseball practice. [The facts of the shooting are not in yet. The shooter’s motivation has not been confirmed, nor has the shooter’s identity or background been released.  Wright tweeted: Too many stupid asses in our country with too many fucking guns.  —   Jeffrey Wright (@jfreewright) June 14, 2017,  What is known is that five people were injured when a gunman opened fire on members of the House and Senate on the field. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among the injured. The gunman was slowed down because someone at the practice had a firearm and returned fire. Rep. Mike Bishop (  ) told WWJ News Radio, “The only reason why any of us walked out of this thing, by the grace of God, one of the folks here had a weapon to fire back and give us a moment to find cover. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.",0
8576,Blog: You Shouldn’t Have Made Fun Of My Exclamation Point,"Email 
Well, here we are, gang. 
This morning America woke up and found we’d elected as president an overgrown bully, a huckster without a drop of decency in his pizza-dough body. “How the heck did we get here?” I’ll bet you wondered. “What the heck happened?” Well, there’s a lot we don’t know yet about this election, but I’ll tell you this: Maybe you shouldn’t have made fun of my exclamation point. 
Yeah, remember the exclamation point? The big ’n’ red mark plopped next to my serifed-up name like a trout on the counter? We put that logo out, and you people laughed. Oh, how you laughed. “Hey, looks like ol’ Wonder Bread Jeb’s trying to squeeze some enthusiasm out of his limp little campaign!” You think I didn’t hear you? You think I didn’t see what you wrote? Of course I did. The taunts, the memes, the novelty Twitter handles, typed with a sneer. I saw all of it, and it hurt me. It hurt Jeb. 
You turned me and my exclamation mark into a big dippy joke, and look what it got you. Dread. Defeat. Humiliation. Feel that despair in your gut today, and now imagine if you had “JEB!” in your life right now, splashed across every TV and touchscreen. Hey, there’s some punctuation that’d put pep in your step! But nope, the guy who sticks his neck out to make electoral politics just a keystroke more exciting gets ribbed, roasted, raked over the coals, and hung out to dry. 
Look, I wasn’t a perfect candidate. I know that. But that doesn’t mean you had to steer this country straight into a xenophobic hellhole. 
That exclamation point was plain fun. It stood out from the pack. It even looked nice on a T-shirt or a coozy. You made a huge mistake the moment you collectively decided to rip my exclamation point to shreds. 
I was up all night coming up with it, you know. That “!” was a John Ellis Bush original. I’d already tried out a question mark (too uncertain), an ellipsis (too ambiguous), even two exclamation points (too forceful), so when I hit on the idea of an exclamation point I really thought I had something special. I was so excited to share my excitement with you. Turns out I might as well have slapped my thick, pink matte dick into my hand and waggled it all over Facebook Live like a dang date palm frond, for all the love you gave me. 
Look, I wasn’t a perfect candidate. I know that. But that doesn’t mean you had to steer this country straight into a xenophobic hellhole. All you had to do was be nice about that exclamation point for a few months. But you couldn’t leave it alone, could you? You just could not resist having a good, old laugh! Well, take a look around and tell me what you see. A divided nation headed for the falls with a dipshit at the helm, belting out one last drunken shanty before it all goes to chunks and splinters. You bullies deserve it all. 
Goodbye, America. I would have been delightful.",0
8577,Comedian Found His 'Sleeping' Wife Dead in Bed—Turns Out It May Have Been a Legal Prescription,"Getty - John Shearer / Staff 
Comedian Patton Oswalt can still recall the details of that horrible day in April where he lost his beloved wife, Michelle McNamara. 
The night before, the 46-year-old McNamara, a true crime author, was exhausted from her day and night search for a serial murderer she had dubbed the “Golden State Killer.” She was convinced she was closing in on the man she believed killed dozens in the 1970s and '80s. 
Oswalt, who was concerned about her health, suggested that she “sleep until you wake up,"" a common phrase of the parents used, according to a recent interview with The New York Times: 
So the weary McNamara took a Xanax and quickly fell into a deep sleep. She would never wake up. 
That morning Oswalt took their 7-year-old daughter, Alice, to school and even picked up Michelle's favorite coffee on the way home. 
At 9:40 a.m., when Owsalt returned, she was still sound asleep and snoring. Image Credit: Daniel Knighton/Getty Images 
By 12:42 that afternoon the paramedics had arrived and McNamara was pronounced dead at the scene. 
While no official cause of death was announced at the time, Oswalt seems to know what tragically killed the mother of their child. 
He believes it was the Xanax, he told the Times: 
“I have a feeling it might have been an overdose. That’s what the paramedics there were saying while I was screaming and throwing up.” 
The dangers of the prescription drug Xanax, a brand of benzodiazepines, or “benzos,” cannot be understated. The medication is meant to treat anxiety, but it can easily be abused . 
In combination with alcohol, Xanax (and other benzos) can cause users to experience complete “blackouts” for extended periods of time. 
It's incredibly addicting and very easy to overdose on. Image Credit: Flickr CC/ Dean812 
Even with these very dangerous side effects, Xanax remains one of the most prescribed and best-selling drugs in the United States. 
It is very easily accessible to children, teens, and adults. 
While the coroner hasn't officially announced what killed Oswalt's wife, he is still working towards living a normal life with his daughter. 
He has returned to the stage to continue his first love, stand-up comedy. It has given him a break from the never-ending grief that comes with the territory of losing such a close loved one. Image Credit: Bryan Bedder/Getty Images for The New Yorker 
The 47-year-old told The New York Times that going onstage has been: 
“...a rebuke to grief, an acceptance of the messiness of life. I’ll never be at 100 percent again, but that won’t stop me from living this.” 
For now, Oswalt will continue to grow and live with his daughter. With help from a journalist and a researcher, he's determined to solve the “Golden State Murders” on behalf of his late wife's hard work. ",0
8578,Report: U.S. Navy Destroyer in Close Encounter with Iran Attack Vessel in Persian Gulf,"FOX NEWS reports: A U. S. Navy destroyer had another close encounter with an Iranian Revolutionary Guard “fast attack craft” in the Persian Gulf Monday. Two U. S. officials tell Fox News that the Iranian ship came within 1, 000 yards of the guided missile destroyer USS Mahan with its weapons manned. [The officials said the Mahan altered course to avoid the Iranian warship, sounded the danger signal, fired flares and manned its own weapons. The Iranian ship did not come closer than 1, 000 yards and no warning shots were fired.  “Coming inbound at a high rate of speed like that and manning weapons, despite clear warnings from the ship, is obviously provocative behavior,” said one American official in describing the Iranian actions. Read more here.",0
8579,‘The Way People Look at Us Has Changed’: Muslim Women on Life in Europe - The New York Times,"The storm over bans on burkinis in more than 30 French beach towns has all but drowned out the voices of Muslim women, for whom the   swimsuits were designed. The New York Times solicited their perspective, and the responses  —   more than 1, 000 comments from France, Belgium and beyond  —   went much deeper than the question of swimwear. What emerged was a portrait of life as a Muslim woman, veiled or not, in parts of Europe where terrorism has put people on edge. One French term was used dozens of times: “un combat,” or “a struggle,” to live day to day. Many who were born and raised in France described confusion at being told to go home. Courts have struck down some of the bans on burkinis  —   the one in Nice, the site of a horrific terror attack on Bastille Day, was overturned on Thursday  —   but the debate is far from over. “For years, we have had to put up with dirty looks and threatening remarks,” wrote Taslima Amar, 30, a teacher in Pantin, a suburb of Paris. “I’ve been asked to go back home (even though I am home). ” Now, Ms. Amar said, she and her husband were looking to leave France. Laurie Abouzeir, 32, said she was considering starting a business caring for children in her home in Toulouse, southern France, because that would allow her to wear a head scarf, frowned upon and even banned in some workplaces. Many women wrote that   bias had intensified after the attacks on Charlie Hebdo in Paris in January 2015, and in Brussels, Paris and  Nice more recently. Halima Djalab Bouguerra, a    student in    France, dated the change further back, to the killings by Mohammed Merah in the southwest of the country in 2012. “The way people look at us has changed,” Ms. Bouguerra wrote. “Tongues have loosened. No one is afraid of telling a Muslim to ‘go back home’ anymore. ” Here are some excerpts from the comments we received. They have been condensed and edited for clarity, and translated for those who wrote in French. _____ _____ _____ _____ _____ _____ _____ _____ _____ _____ _____ _____ _____ _____ _____ _____",0
8580,Watch Mary Berry challenge the Great British Bake Off contestants to make a Victoria Beckham sandwich,"Next Prev Swipe left/right Watch Mary Berry challenge the Great British Bake Off contestants to make a Victoria Beckham sandwich Even though the Great British Bake Off will lose its iconic judge, Mary Berry , once it moves to Channel 4, there will always be footage of her being undeniably awesome, and sometimes accidentally – we think – downright filthy. This isn’t one of those moments; this is YouTube comedy channel ‘Yes it’s funny’ adding some additional touches to the Beeb’s original footage to come up with something a little different. And yes – it is funny!",0
8581,Hacked Election – The Firesign Event Wildcard Special Report [Video],"Leave a reply 
Alexandra Bruce – This is Daniel Liszt, Dark Journalist’s Election 2016 Special Report featuring me, Alexandra Bruce in the first segment and then Dr. Robin Falkov of Event Horizons Radio in the second segment. 
I discuss the unprecedented details of this wildly leak-driven Election, several days prior to the disclosure by Dr. Steve Pieczenik, that WikiLeaks has been used as a channel by over 15 US intelligence agencies, to systematically undermine the Clinton Campaign, in a soft counter-coup against the soft coup that has been committed by the Clintons via the Clinton Foundation over the past several years, with their corruption and co-option of everybody of strategic interest to them and their agenda to return to the White House. 
This is the most leak-driven election in history, due to this covert campaign which has used WikiLeaks to expose the emails of key figures of the Clinton Campaign. The Benenson Group’s “Salvage Report” – which was leaked by Anonymous clearly shows that one’s exposure to Alternative Media is a major determinant of how one will vote. 
Of those polled in the Report, those who only watch the Mainstream Media had a much more favorable impression of Hillary Clinton. Those who were exposed to Alternative Media tended to have a negative view of Clinton and to have a more favorable view of Trump (I screwed this up, during the interview). Those who have not been paying attention to the flood of leaks are more likely to vote for Hillary. In this poll, that group is over-represented by women and non-whites. 
Besides WikiLeaks, there have also been leaks by the decentralized hacktivist group, Anonymous, by embattled New Zealand Internet entrepreneur Kim DotCom; by DC Leaks and by Clinton “Fixer”, Jeff Rovin, who broke his 27-year silence with his withering revelations published by the National Enquirer about the inconceivable depravity of both Bill and Hillary Clinton’s activities, which he actively helped to cover-up for the better part of two decades. 
One of the craziest-seeming leaks but potentially the most serious was that of the Benenson Group’s Firesign “Salvage Report”, in which Clinton’s top strategist runs through scenarios that would prevent Trump supporters from going to the polls to vote. The options include a fake holographic “Alien Invasion”, that would terrify the public on election day and throw the results into chaos. 
The ainwave-entrainment-frequencies/” target=”_blank”>advanced brainwave entrainment frequencies and 3D laser FIRESIGN technologies proposed for deployment by the Benenson Group are above Top Secret and it’s unlikely that either Joel Benenson, members of his staff or anyone in the Clinton camp have the security clearances to know the details about it, let alone to discuss it as an option to be deployed in a bid to win the election. This fact could actually land some of those people in some very hot water. 
That aside, there are rumors that FIRESIGN was tested with success in the theater of a Middle East military operation. In that particular case, it is said that images and subliminal themes of a religious nature were projected onto the skies above the battlefield and into the minds of those targeted, causing a large scale surrender of enemy soldiers. 
In the second part, Dr. Robin Falkov opines that the Trump presidency may be the last chance for America to wrestle control back from a variety of special interests unified by a Transhumanist agenda, including Common Core, Open Borders, Mandated Vaccines, The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and the Centralization of Power via a powerful Artificial Intelligence Global Control Grid. 
Don’t miss this fascinating Dark Journalist Special Report on Election 2016. Share this:",0
8582,FBI Releases Clinton Foundation Investigation Records,"FBI Releases Clinton Foundation Investigation Records 11/02/2016 
DAILY CALLER 
The FBI on Tuesday released documents related to a now-closed federal investigation of an alleged pay-to-play scheme involving Bill Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. 
The documents, which are heavily redacted, regard the investigation of Clinton’s last-minute pardon of Marc Rich, a billionaire fugitive who was wanted in the U.S. for tax evasion. 
The Jan. 20, 2001 pardon sparked the last controversy to befall the scandal-plagued Clinton administration. Rich’s ex-wife, Denise, donated more than $1 million to various Clinton and Democratic entities, including the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton’s New York Senate campaign and the Clinton Foundation. 
The release provides little in the way of information that has not already been publicized. But the dump is noteworthy for two reasons. It reminds voters that the Clinton White House and Clinton Foundation were embroiled in an investigation concerning pay-to-play allegations. The Clinton Foundation is reportedly being investigated at the present by multiple FBI field offices. 
It also comes as the FBI is locked in a bitter standoff with the Clinton Foundation and the Justice Department over FBI director James Comey’s handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation. 
The newly-released files include one entry which shows that “the required pardon standards and procedures were not followed” prior to the Rich pardon. 
Roger Adams, the U.S. Pardon Attorney at the time, testified to Congress in Feb. 2001 that “none of the regular procedures were followed” ahead of the Rich reprieve. 
Former Attorney General Eric Holder is also mentioned in the file. It cites Holder’s testimony that he was the only person who worked at DOJ — he was deputy attorney general at the time — about the Rich pardon. From the FBI’s Clinton Foundation investigation files 
A grand jury was convened to weigh the merits of the case, but no indictments were handed down. Ironically, the law enforcement official who closed the case was FBI director Comey. He served as deputy attorney general in the George W. Bush administration. 
The FBI’s website suggests that more Clinton Foundation investigation records could be coming in the future. 
“This initial release consists of material from the FBI’s files related to the William J. Clinton Foundation , a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization,” the site reads. “The bulk of these records come from a 2001 FBI investigation into the pardon of Marc Rich (1934-2013), aka Marcell David Reich, by President Clinton in 2001; it was closed in 2005.” 
The FBI did not respond to a request for more information on future releases. 
Update: Clinton campaign press secretary Brian Fallon questioned the release. 
The FBI issued a statement late Tuesday afternoon saying that the file was released in response to a FOIA request. 
“The FBI’s Records Management Division receives thousands of FOIA requests annually which are processed on a first in, first out (FIFO) basis,” the statement reads. 
“By law, FOIA materials that have been requested three or more times are posted electronically to the FBI’s public reading room shortly after they are processed. Per the standard procedure for FOIA, these materials became available for release and were posted automatically and electronically to the FBI’s public reading room in accordance with the law and established procedures.”",0
8583,TV channel “Zvezda” posted a footage of SU-33 and MiG-29KUB landings and takeoffs from the aircraft carrier “Admiral Kuznetsov”,"Saker Message: No current Saker messages. TV channel “Zvezda” posted a footage of SU-33 and MiG-29KUB landings and takeoffs from the aircraft carrier “Admiral Kuznetsov” 102 Views November 03, 2016 No Comments Watch List Scott 


The Su-33 is a single-seat ship-based STOBAR fighter, with upward folding wings and horizontal tail surfaces (for hangar storage); it is equipped with probe-and-drogue flight refuelling capability. The Su-33 is designed for defence of naval ships from aerial threats. 

Both the MiG-29K (single seat) and MiG-29KUB (double seat) aircraft are the “4++” generation multi-role fighters intended for air-defense missions of naval forces, air superiority gaining, sea & ground targets destruction with the high precision guided weapons day and night and in any weather conditions. 
The MiG-29K/KUB carrier-based fighters are the basic aircraft of a new unified family including also the MiG-29M/M2 and MiG-35/MiG-35D aircraft. 
The MiG-29K/KUB aircraft are based on the aircraft-carriers with tonnage from 28,000 tons, equipped with take-off ramp and landing arrestor, as well as at the airfields. 
Main technical and technological innovations, applied on the MiG-29K/KUB fighters are the following: 
– improved airframe with about 15% composite materials application; 
– folding wing with upgraded high-lift devices improving take-off/landing performance; 
– fly-by-wire control system with quadruple redundancy; 
– significantly reduced signature in radar range; 
– increased weapons load, stored at eight external hard points; 
– increased internal fuel capacity and in-flight refueling possibility; 
– possibility of other aircraft refueling being equipped with “PAZ-1MK” refueling unit. The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95 Be the First to Comment! Leave a Reply Click here to get more info on formatting (1) Leave the name field empty if you want to post as Anonymous. It's preferable that you choose a name so it becomes clear who said what. E-mail address is not mandatory either. The website automatically checks for spam. Please refer to our moderation policies for more details. We check to make sure that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This takes time and effort, so please be patient until your comment appears. Thanks. (2) 10 replies to a comment are the maximum. (3) Here are formating examples which you can use in your writing:<b>bold text</b> results in bold text <i>italic text</i> results in italic text (You can also combine two formating tags with each other, for example to get bold-italic text.)<em>emphasized text</em> results in emphasized text <strong>strong text</strong> results in strong text <q>a quote text</q> results in a quote text (quotation marks are added automatically) <cite>a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited</cite> results in: a phrase or a block of text that needs to be cited <blockquote>a heavier version of quoting a block of text...</blockquote> results in: a heavier version of quoting a block of text that can span several lines. Use these possibilities appropriately. They are meant to help you create and follow the discussions in a better way. They can assist in grasping the content value of a comment more quickly. and last but not least:<a href=''http://link-address.com''>Name of your link</a> results in Name of your link (4) No need to use this special character in between paragraphs:  ; You do not need it anymore. Just write as you like and your paragraphs will be separated. The ""Live Preview"" appears automatically when you start typing below the text area and it will show you how your comment will look like before you send it. (5) If you now think that this is too confusing then just ignore the code above and write as you like. Search articles",0
8584,Kp Message 10-27-16… “Passage through the Storm Waters”,"Kp Message 10-27-16… “Passage through the Storm Waters” 
Although I often post here a variety of “news type” things here, there’s so much that I have no understanding of, and perhaps never will. I feel I do not belong to the outer “crap appearances”, or the things that are seemingly so “out of whack” with the Light of us all. And I also am not aligned with the idea that “I am responsible for (and caused) it all.” Sorry… no. 
This particular time upon this planet often feels like we are dealing with “the storm waters”… winds blowing one way, then another way, waves coming from one direction, then another direction, and who knows what is going on with the political waves. Enough already. 
But as I’ve learned by bodysurfing at Sandy Beach, on a strong trades swell day, it is possible to flow with the rapid changing waves, and even catch a few, kick out, and get ready for the next one(s). And truly enjoy the experience of the “going with the flow”. We all have tools, and we all can find our place in this time of massive transformation. 
Also I remember that even though there is this massive transformation going on, this is simply a passage… we’re passing through. We will not be living in “the Storm Waters” every moment. 
There’s nothing wrong with not being able to relate to this, but some can sense what’s happening, and it is quite big. 
So we’ll see where it all goes. In the end, BEing and SHINING our Lights, whatever they are, is perhaps the most valuable thing we can do to pass through those “Stormy Waters”. 
Aloha, Kp",0
8585,6 ‘Gateway Veggies’ Kids Will Love!,"Anybody with kids can tell you that getting them to develop healthy eating habits is no easy feat. We know that children in the US are in the midst of an obesity epidemic—that they are eating processed foods and drinking sugary drinks and sodas at an alarming rate. But studies now show that children are hardwired to like sweet, high-caloric foods (the theory is that this preference gives them an evolutionary advantage for growth, particularly in circumstances when calories are scarce). So how can we counteract these biological impulses in our kids and also make sure they are eating plenty of fresh vegetables?
Kids may not gravitate naturally toward vegetables, but when they are responsible for growing them and harvesting them from their own gardens, they are much more likely to taste their efforts. In addition, there are a few very sweet things you can grow in your garden that acts as introductory veggies, a kind of “gateway” to the world of vegetables. Once you win kids over with a few known favorites, you can sneak in the less sugary veggies and open them up to a lifetime of flavorful, healthy choices.
6 ‘Gateway Veggies’ Kids Will Love! Carrots You can thank Bugs Bunny for making carrots appealing to young kids. Carrots are often the only vegetable picky eaters will agree to, but it’s not a bad starting point. Kids are great at pulling these up from the garden by themselves and leaving the leafy green tops on makes the act of eating them more like the cartoons. The sweet flavor comes in at about 6 grams per cup (for comparison, a typical candy bar has more than 25 grams of sugar) and they are a handy snack that almost every kid loves to crunch on.
Cherry Tomatoes Tomatoes are technically a fruit, of course, but the sweet, flavorful garden favorite has just 3.9 grams of sugar for a cup serving. A single cherry tomato plant can provide a huge harvest and kids love that they can be popped right into their mouths for a treat. Even if you have a big garden, you might want to plant tomatoes in planters on your patio so that they are always readily available to add to salads or snacks. Once kids are sold on the cherry variety, you can introduce them to the various other types of tomatoes available to them.
Sugar Snap Peas These veggies have “sugar” in their name for a reason, and kids love to help pick and pop out these sweet, healthy peas. They taste great raw and are fast growing so kids can quickly see their progress in the garden. A cup has just 2.5 grams of sugar
Sweet Corn It isn’t the easiest vegetable to grow, but if you are able to, sweet corn is a huge favorite for kids. It can be used in salads and soups and is a great side dish, but perhaps the best way to enjoy corn is to eat it straight from the garden. Adding this more difficult plant to your garden will help kids to see how their hard work and effort pays off. Corn has 6.8 grams of sugar per cup, though it is a higher glycemic food that raises blood sugar levels a bit more than the other veggies in this list.
Rutabagas Though it is not the prettiest veggie in town, the rutabaga is a sweet treat that is often overlooked. It is a hardy, cool-weather biennial grown as an annual and it’s easy to maintain. It has a sweet woody flavor and can be cut into sticks and eaten raw (at our house we call them rutabaga fries). Rutabagas have 6 grams of sugar per cup, the same amount as a carrot.
Beets People think of beets as an adult vegetable that you have to trick kids into eating, something along the lines of Brussels sprouts. In reality, kids are naturally attracted to the bright red color and the unusual shape and, if your kids fascinated with bodily functions like mine are, they will be all too excited to see the “result” (i.e., bright red poop!) that comes from eating a meal of beets. Like other root veggies, beets are easy for kids to pull out of the ground themselves. The beet is actually sweeter than any other vegetable in this list, coming in at 9 grams per cup, but the fiber and other nutrients make it a very healthy choice.


Pamela Bofferding is a native Texan who now lives with her husband and sons in New York City. She enjoys hiking, traveling, and playing with her dogs.
This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition 
Originally published November 22nd, 2016 How Farmers Markets Can Teach Your Kids the Values of Local… Delicious and Healthy Quinoa Coconut Granola Bars Fruit By Design: The Cotton Candy Grape Top powerful fall foods for your health Spice Up Your Vacation With These 7 Spices ",0
8586,Think Progress Editor Mocks Audi for Equal Pay Super Bowl Ad,"The editor of Think Progress, the publication of the progressive Center for American Progress, slammed Audi on Sunday for pandering to feminists by airing a Super Bowl ad advocating gender pay equality while its board of directors is all male. [“Audi, new champion of women’s equity at work, has no women on their board,” editor Judd Legum wrote on Twitter:  Audi, new champion of women’s equity at work, has no women on their board pic. twitter.   —   Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) February 6, 2017,  No women sit on Audi’s Management Board, but its   team of American executives includes two women. Legum was not alone in his criticism of the ad 25 percent of the comments on the ad across social media were negative, Business Insider reports. The ad begins with a father watching his daughter in a race, asking himself, “What do I tell my daughter?” “Do I tell her that her grandpa is worth more than her grandma? That her dad is worth more than her mom?” the narrator asks. The father wonders how he can tell his daughter that despite “her education, her drive, her skills, her intelligence,” she still runs the risk of “being valued less than every man she ever meets. ” At the end, his daughter wins the race, and she and her father walk to an Audi right before the slogan “progress is for everyone” flashes across the screen. The company decided to make a statement about gender pay equality on Twitter by saying, “At Audi, we are committed to equal pay for equal work. ” Despite what Audi claims in the ad, the gender pay gap is not wide. According to the Daily Beast, the   gender pay gap is merely the difference between the average earnings of all men and women working fulltime. The statistic does not take into account factors such as differences in occupations, positions, education, job tenure, or hours worked per week. Once those factors are included, the wage gap is only a   difference, and no one knows whether the cause is discrimination or some other    difference between the genders.",0
8587,"Last Call at Pulse Nightclub, and Then Shots Rang Out - The New York Times","It was nearing last call. The music was still pounding but the night was drawing to a close at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando when shots rang out. At first, the crack of gunfire did not really register. “I thought it was firecrackers,” said Ray Rivera, 42, who was working at the club as a D. J. He lowered the reggae song he was playing to get a better listen. The gunfire did not let up. As round after round was fired early Sunday, people started dropping, some in panic, some because they were wounded, and others because they were dead. “I saw bodies on the floor, people on the floor everywhere,” Mr. Rivera said. “It was a chaos, everybody trying to get out. ” A man, identified by law enforcement officials as Omar Mateen, had come to the club to kill. And over the course of the next three hours, until he was shot and killed himself, he executed dozens of people. By the time the shooting ended, it would rank as the deadliest mass shooting in American history. Inside the club, there were 39 dead people along with the gunman, who was killed around 5 a. m. after a shootout with the police. Nine more people died either at hospitals or on their way to them. Another two bodies were discovered on the street just outside the club, according to Mayor Buddy Dyer of Orlando.   people were wounded. Even in a   world, where mass shootings have become so frighteningly common that the phrase itself is now a part of the lexicon, the bloody rampage at a small nightclub in Central Florida was shocking not only in its brutality but for the seemingly methodical fashion in which it was carried out. One out of every three people in the club was either wounded or killed. Some people had to hide for hours, crouched in bathrooms or in hidden corners inside the club, sending frantic text messages to the outside world begging for help. For others, the only way to get out alive was to scramble and crawl over the bodies of the dead. The mayhem was captured on video taken outside the club moments after the shooting. One group of men, some shirtless, carried a wounded man to a waiting pickup truck to be rushed to the hospital. Another group tried to help a man lying on the pavement, blood pouring from his wounds. A woman, apparently shot, staggered out into the night. The bloodshed ended only after a daring rescue operation by the police, in which they burst into a room in the club and freed 15 to 25 people before confronting the gunman and freeing another group being held hostage. As the investigation into the shooting continues, witnesses, the police and local politicians offered a vivid and gruesome portrait of how the carnage played out. Saturday was Latin Night at the club, which bills itself as “Orlando’s Premier Gay Nightclub. ” Located at 1912 South Orange Avenue, next to a Dunkin’ Donuts, the club is housed in a relatively small building on a street filled with chain restaurants and shopping centers near downtown, roughly 18 miles from Disney World. The club itself is divided into three separate areas, each with its own theme and music selection. On Saturday, it was a mix of reggaeton, bachata, merengue and salsa. A video taken inside the club in the hours before the attack captured the festive mood, with patrons taking shots, slugging back beers and dancing under neon lights. Lizbeth Alvarez, 31, who was in the club with her girlfriend, Aixa Soltren, 27, said people often are packed in shoulder to shoulder. The main dance floor is in a room called “The Jewel Box,” where scores of gays, lesbians, transgender people and bisexuals from across Central Florida flock to party. On Saturday, as on all nights, there was a security guard posted at the front entrance. It was unclear whether Mr. Mateen shot his way into the club or smuggled in his weapons  —   which included an assault rifle, handgun and lots of ammunition  —   and then opened fire. Joel Figueroa, 19, of Orlando, was with his friend, Stanley, dancing when the first shots rang out. “The only thing I could think of was to duck,” he said soon after the shooting, still obviously shaken. The moments that followed were a blur of panic and confusion. By the door, he saw his friend. “There was Stanley, on the floor,” he said. He was shot three times, but managed to stumble outside, blood pouring from a huge gash in his arm. His condition was unclear. In those first few frantic minutes, scores of people ran out onto the street, many wounded, as the police rushed to the scene. Word spread quickly, with the wounded texting friends and family. The club itself posted a message on Facebook shortly after the shooting began. “Everyone get out of pulse and keep running. ” One man wrote a text to his mother, saying he was shot and thought he was dying. Another mother showed reporters the stream of her son’s increasingly desperate text messages. “in bathroom,” he wrote at 2:46 a. m. “he has us” “call the police” “call them mommy” “I’m gonna die” It was unclear whether her son escaped. Luis Burbano, who gave interviews to several television networks, said that after the initial burst of gunfire, there was a momentary pause that he used to “jet for the door. ” On his way out, he saw a bartender hiding in a fitting room, “waiting for a miracle” along with other patrons. After he escaped, a man near him collapsed, his arm badly wounded. Mr. Burbano took off his shirt and wrapped it around the man’s arm. He then saw another man with a bullet lodged in his leg, and Mr. Burbano used another piece of clothing to try to stem his bleeding. With bodies littering the floor, at least 30 people remained trapped inside the club, according to the police. A group of 15 to 25 people were huddled in a room “isolated” from the gunman, Mr. Dyer told CNN. Another five to eight people were being held in a room with the gunman. The police, by now swarming outside, had established communication with Mr. Mateen, but it was unclear what they discussed. Heavily armed members of the SWAT team took positions around the building while other emergency medical workers rushed the wounded to a hospital, which was just a block away. Finally, around 5 a. m. the authorities took action. They breached the wall of the isolated room with an armored personnel carrier known as a Bearcat. “That is when the shooter opened the door and started shooting outside,” Mr. Dyer said. One officer was shot in the head, but was not seriously wounded because the bullet struck his Kevlar helmet. More than a dozen law enforcement officers took aim at Mr. Mateen and he was shot and killed. Next to his body was a battery pack, and the police were concerned that he might have been wearing an explosive device, so they investigated the scene first with a robot. It would take another hour before they could start to assess the extent of the damage. As they made their way deeper into the club, the toll grew higher. It would take hours for all of the bodies to be removed from the site, even as worried friends and relatives desperately sought information about people they feared might have been inside the club. Brian Reagan, a manager at the club who was there during the shooting, took to Facebook to try to convey just how overwhelming it was to be caught in the center of a nightmare. “I am scared, nervous, and concerned for every single person that was in that building,” he wrote. “Please pray. This can not be real. ”",0
8588,"Comment on FBI Makes Stunning Reversal, Reopens Clinton Investigation After Discovery of New Documents by Terry","  Claire Bernish 
In a thoroughly stunning development, the FBI has announced the relaunch of an investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails and personal server , after learning of “ the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation ,” as Rep. Jason Chaffetz tweeted Friday afternoon. FBI Dir just informed me, ""The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation."" Case reopened 
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 
With just ten days to go before the presidential election, this development could knock the Clinton campaign for quite the loop — particularly amid growing controversy in revelations from campaign chair John Podesta’s emails , which continue to be published by Wikileaks on a daily basis. 
FBI Director James Comey penned a letter to Congress Friday, noting the bureau had learned additional documents had become apparent that could have bearing in the investigation of Clinton, stating , in part, via NBC News : 
“Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant, and I cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work, I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony.” 
Although Comey did not initially make it apparent the content nor source of the documents, Federal Law Enforcement officials did acknowledge that the content originated from devices owned by one of Mrs. Clinton’s top aides, Huma Abedin and her husband, Anthony Weiner . After consulting with the team of investigators, Comey “agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to asses their importance to our investigation.” 
Comey made no suggestion whether or not the documents could be “significant,” but the fact the investigation has now been reopened certainly piques additional questions about both the new items as well as how they might have originally escaped the FBI’s attention. 
“There are outstanding questions . . . regarding a possible conflict of interest into this case,” stated House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz in a letter to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, as cited by the Washington Post . Chaffetz requested McCabe provide documentation concerning his wife’s 2015 bid for the Senate, which, as the Post notes, received financial support from Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, who is close to Hillary Clinton. 
Chaffetz requested documents from McCabe concerning “when you first became aware the State Department was pressuring the FBI to reverse its decision regarding the classification of one of Secretary Clinton’s emails,” and, “when you first became aware the FBI had opened an investigation into Secretary Clinton’s email server.” 
Indeed, Chaffetz notes several discrepancies in interdepartmental interactions during the course of the prior investigation, such as: 
“In the spring and summer of 2015, the FBI interacted with multiple agencies regarding Secretary Clinton’s emails. In April or May of 2015, Under Secretary of State for Management Patrick Kennedy began contacting officials in the FBI’s National Security Branch, which you headed prior to serving as the head of the Washington Field Office. Under Secretary Kennedy pressured FBI officials to reverse a decision regarding an email deemed by the FBI to contain classified information. …” 
Considering the increasingly embattled campaign of Hillary Clinton, and the late date for initiating further investigation, one wonders whether the abrupt discovery could be related to the putatively missing 30,000 emails which have been the subject of both consternation and ridicule for months. 
Although Comey did not reveal, well, much of anything about the decision to relaunch the investigation, it’s clear this will have a direct and resounding impact on Hillary Clinton’s contentious bid for the White House. Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
8589,West Africa Is Being Swallowed By The Sea,"Source: ForeignPolicy.com 
Encroaching waters off the coast of Togo, Ghana, Mauritania, and others are destroying homes, schools, fish, and a way of life. 
FUVEMEH, Ghana — The tide is just starting to come in when David Buabasah begins nervously checking the waters creeping up the coastline toward his partially destroyed home. 
As the high tide mounts the steep shore of this small Ghanaian fishing village perched on a shrinking peninsula between the Atlantic Ocean and the Volta River estuary, he and other inhabitants prepare for the worst. 
“When the big waves come, they can easily kill you. Last week, the ocean took away part of my house while my family was sleeping inside,” says the 32-year-old fisherman, gesturing toward a crumbling brick wall and a pair of door frames, the only remains of his family’s compound. 
Growing stronger by the minute, the tide begins to push wave after wave into the village, pounding the dilapidated dwellings with unrepentant force. House walls collapse under the fury of the ocean, and huge pools of saltwater fill the center of town. Those whose houses are the closest to the shoreline can only watch as the waves carry away all of their belongings. 
Twenty years ago, Fuvemeh was a thriving community of 2,500 people, supported by fishing and coconut plantations that are now completely underwater. But in the past two decades, climate change and industrial activity — such as sand mining and the construction of dams and deep-sea ports, which trap sediments and prevent them from reaching the coastline — have accelerated coastal erosion here. Gradually but inexorably, the ocean has swallowed up hundreds of feet of coastline, drowning the coconut plantations and eventually sweeping away houses. 
For a time, villagers retreated, rebuilding destroyed houses farther away from the advancing shoreline. But eventually they ran out of land to fall back on: The narrow peninsula is now less than 1,000 feet across, and high tides routinely wash over the entire sandy expanse. The last trees have been uprooted by the waves and lie dead along the shore, a grim omen of what awaits fishermen like Buabasah, who have seen their livelihoods destroyed in the span of a single generation. A young boy carries his two turkeys to save them from the flood caused by the rising sea level in Fuvemeh. 
Fuvemeh is one of thousands of communities along the western coast of sub-Saharan Africa, stretching more than 4,000 miles from Mauritania to Cameroon, at risk of being washed away. Spurred by global warming, rising sea levels are causing massive erosion — in some places eating away more than 100 feet of land in a single year. Sea levels around the world are expected to rise by more than two-and-a-half feet by the end of the century, but they are expected to rise faster than the global average in West Africa, according to the West African Economic and Monetary Union. In a region where 31 percent of population lives along the coastline, generating 56 percent of total GDP, according to the World Bank , this is a potentially catastrophic problem. 
“In West Africa, infrastructure and economic activities are centered along the coastal region, so as sea levels continue to rise, it threatens our very existence and source of income,” says Kwasi Appeaning Addo, a professor in the University of Ghana’s department of marine and fisheries sciences. “We are sitting on a time bomb.” Togbe Agbavi Koffi, 60, is the chief of village of Agbavi in Togo. “The sea advances all year long,” he said. “It has devastated our villages and many of our people have already left.” 
And it’s not just small fishing villages that are being threatened. Low-lying areas in Lagos, the Nigerian megalopolis that is the seventh-fastest growing city in the world, as well as in the Ghanaian capital of Accra, whose annual economic output is around $3 billion, are at risk of inundation. Already, both cities are grappling with more frequent — and severe — flooding than in the past. Low-lying areas of Accra now flood every year during the rainy season. Last year, at least 25 people died as a result. 
The southern parts of Nouakchott, the capital of Mauritania, lose up to 80 feet of beach every year, and coastal erosion has already damaged several hotels in Gambia and Senegal,as well as vital water treatment facilities in Cotonou, Benin’s economic hub. The situation is the same in neighboring Togo, where last year the coast retreated 118 feet in some places, according to local authorities. On the outskirts of the capital, Lomé, rows of destroyed buildings line the beach in the town of Agbavi. 
“The national route used to pass there, just beside my first and second house,” says Togbe Agbavi Koffi, the town’s 60-year-old chief, pointing to the faint outline of a highway that is now submerged deep in the ocean. “My third house is about to crumble into the sea as well. I would like to cry, but a chief cannot cry.” Local boys stand on the terrace of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Castle. Originally built in 1653, it was an important slave trading post along the West Africa coast; now it’s one of Ghana’s main attractions. 
But it’s not just homes and businesses that are being swept away. Livelihoods, cultural heritage, and the social fabric of entire communities are disappearing as well. Rising temperatures have precipitated the migration of fish stocks while erosion and salinization have reduced arable land and contaminated freshwater reserves. Near Fuvemeh in Ghana, breeding grounds for sea turtles are disappearing, and the populations of dolphins, sharks, and whales are rapidly dwindling. At risk also are the UNESCO-protected colonial forts along the coasts of Ghana and Ivory Coast that served as conduits for the slave trade. 
Stripped of their livelihoods and their heritage, coastal communities lose their most resourceful young people to migration while unemployment fuels drug and alcohol consumption at home. In Agbavi, the situation is so desperate that droves of young men have joined criminal syndicates involved in fuel smuggling and beach-sand mining, an illegal enterprise that worsens erosion. 
“Some of our children go mining as soon as they come back from school, in order to gain some money,” Koffi says. “People are hungry, and small kids are forced to steal. We are suffering a lot.” People living in Fuvmeh walk across the village flooded by the rising sea level. A little girl stands on a traditional fishing boat holding her doll in Baguida, on the Togo coastline. The town is experiencing massive coastal erosion, forcing the local population to relocate away from the sea. Tanks filled with petrol are lined along the ocean. As fishing has become less remunerative due to the effects of climate change on the fish stocks, several local fishermen have resorted to fuel smuggling, a highly lucrative but illegal practice which consists in trafficking jerrycans of petrol from Nigeria through Benin and Togo by sea. Alice Kwashi, 68, sits outside her house in the village of Blekusu. The ocean has destroyed part of her house, filling it with sand and contaminating the freshwater well with saltwater. In order to prevent water from seeping into the house, the woman built a small barrier of soil just outside the entrance. ´“When I fall sleep, I don't know if the sea will come and take me away” she said. Two schoolgirls stand on the ruins of their school. Two years ago, the Dzita EP Basic School had one of its four compounds destroyed by coastal erosion during the rainy season. Four classrooms were lost, forcing the school management to combine classes in order to shelter all the 670 students. 
Instead of investing in ecologically sustainable techniques to manage rising sea levels, like developing aquatic farms or restoring mangrove shrubs, governments in West Africa have so far largely resorted to engineering less time-intensive defenses like sea walls and groins. When built properly and maintained well, groins — vertical structures erected perpendicular to the coastline that trap sediments and prevent them from moving along the coast — are an effective short- to medium-term solution. But because they disrupt the natural flow of sediments, they can worsen erosion elsewhere on the coast, sometimes starving neighboring communities of much needed sand. 
The eastern coast of Ghana offers a stark illustration of the trade-offs involved with groins. Once a thriving trading hub, the city of Keta has suffered massive coastal erosion in recent decades that forced more than half of the population to flee. Fort Prinzenstein, a landmark Danish castle that was once at the center of town now teeters on the shoreline, partially destroyed by the waves. A late government intervention allowed the construction of a sea defense wall and a series of groins that have saved what remains of the city’s elegant colonial buildings, which retain the eerie atmosphere of a ghost town. 
But the last-ditch effort to save Keta has further exacerbated erosion in the village of Blekusu, located a little more than six miles to the east. “We are having so many problems because of those groins,” explains 68-year-old Alice Kwashi, a widow whose house has already been partially damaged by the waves. “The ocean has destroyed electric[al] lines and contaminated water wells. Every time I go to sleep, I know it could be my last night, because the waves could take me away.” A home destroyed by rising sea levels in the village of Agbavi in Togo. 
A more environmentally friendly method of replenishing the coast involves pumping enormous amounts of sand from the seabed back on shore. But beach nourishment, which has been tried in the United States, Mexico, Australia, and the Netherlands,among other places, is extremely expensive and has to be repeated every few years in order to keep pace with erosion. Even without such costly interventions, adapting to coastal erosion by rebuilding infrastructure farther inland and resettling endangered communities is expected to cost between 5 and 10 percent of GDP in affected countries, according to the United Nations. It’s an open question how one of the poorest regions in the world should come up with the resources for costly sea walls and beach replenishment schemes. 
And as long as man-made climate change continues, such costs will continue to incur. That is why countries around the world face the challenge not only of pursuing projects to help manage the environment, but also of exploring new ways to better live in harmony with it, and thus slow the rate of global warming. 
“If we can’t find a balance between our insatiable appetite for modernity and allowing nature to replenish itself,” says Fredua Agyeman, the environment director at Ghana’s Ministry of Environment, Science, Technology, and Innovation, “we will always run into problems, no matter the advancements in modern science or engineering.” 
The people of Fuvemeh are among hundreds of millions who are paying a heavy price for a problem they didn’t create. At the current erosion rate, villagers predict that their homes will disappear in less than six months. Left with the bitter choice of staying to be swept out to sea or abandoning his land, history, and way of life, Buabasah doesn’t know what to do. He has moved his wife and children to another village, but he can’t follow them because Fuvemeh serves as his fishing base. Migrating would mean giving up on his job and his ability to feed his family, since the government will only facilitate resettlement to inland communities. 
“I am very afraid for the future of this place,” he says in despair. “Sooner or later we will have to leave, but we have nowhere to go.” 
View the photo essay companion piece on the devastating effects of climate change on the region “ The Waves Will Take Us Away ,” by Matilde Gattoni.",0
8590,Senate Rejects 4 Measures to Control Gun Sales - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   The Senate on Monday failed to advance four separate measures aimed at curbing gun sales, the latest display of congressional inaction after a mass shooting. Eight days after a gunman claiming allegiance to the Islamic State killed 49 people in an Orlando, Fla. nightclub, the Senate deadlocked, largely along party lines, on amendments to block people on the federal terrorism watch list from buying guns and to close loopholes in background check laws. Families of gun violence victims looked on from the Senate chamber as the votes were held. Further action on gun safety measures or mental health provisions seemed unlikely before the fall election, given the rush to finish a series of spending bills and the relatively limited time that Congress will be in session before November. In addition, the four gun measures were attached to legislation that contains several other thorny issues, such as the question of whether to take passports away from terrorism suspects, which suggests there will be little chance for further debate. Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, has been working on a compromise, disliked by both party leaders, that would bar the sale of guns to terrorism suspects who appear on either the government’s   list or the   selectee list of people who receive additional scrutiny at airports. That bill, which is not as broad as the Democratic   measure that failed on Monday, could surface later in the week. Partisanship and the power of the gun lobby played a large role in the amendments’ failure. Democrats structured their bills in a way that was almost certain to repel Republicans, while Republicans responded with bills equally distasteful to Democrats. Democrats vowed to hammer Republicans during the campaign this fall. “Our constituents see a disturbing pattern of inaction,” Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic leader, said on the Senate floor on Monday. “Sadly, our efforts are blocked by the Republican Congress, who take their marching orders from the National Rifle Association. ” Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the   Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, introduced one of the failed measures, which could have prevented anyone on the federal terrorism watch list and other terrorist databases from buying firearms or explosives. Democrats tried unsuccessfully to pass the measure after the shooting in San Bernardino, Calif. in December. “It’s time for us to stand up,” Ms. Feinstein said. Republicans, arguing that the list of people affected would be too broad and that the measure would not offer proper due process, put forward a competing measure. That amendment would have required the government to delay, during a   review period, the purchase of a gun by anyone who is a terrorism suspect or has been the subject of a terrorism investigation within the last five years. “No one wants terrorists to be able to buy guns or explosives,” Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, said on the Senate floor on Monday. The two other measures that failed included one offered by Senator Christopher S. Murphy, Democrat of Connecticut, who led a filibuster last week to make a point on guns. His measure sought to tighten background checks for most gun buyers. Republicans offered a measure that was more focused on the mental health system. The Obama administration, which has been pushing for a variety of new gun control legislation, vowed to press on. “The view of the administration is that the American people should be engaged in the debate,” Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said on Monday. “So the fact that this is something that is being actively debated and considered in the Senate does represent incremental progress. ” Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has largely supported the positions of most Republicans, who want to preserve gun rights. Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, has made her support for gun control a central tenet of her campaign. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Mrs. Clinton’s rival for the Democratic nomination, voted with the party from the Senate chamber, looking glum as colleagues came to greet him. The votes were taken on the same day that the Supreme Court declined to hear a Second Amendment challenge to a Connecticut law, enacted in 2013 after the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School, that bans many semiautomatic rifles. The Senate measures seemed doomed almost as soon as they were offered. After the Sandy Hook massacre, a bipartisan background check measure failed, even though Democrats controlled the Senate. Democrats, now in the minority, replaced that measure with the amendment sponsored by Mr. Murphy, which would have expanded background checks to all gun sales except loans and gifts between family members. Republicans said it was too broad. And even Senator Jon Tester of Montana, the chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, voted against it. Some Republicans in tough   fights had to consider each measure carefully. One of them, Senator Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, said the measures to prevent terrorism suspects from getting guns were inadequate, but voted for both. While the politics of gun control tend to recede in general election campaigns, the Orlando shooting has brought the issue back to the front burner. “We will keep pushing,” said Senator Chuck Schumer, Democrat of New York, “until they see the light. ”",0
8591,Mattis: War With North Korea Would Be ’Catastrophic’ - Breitbart,"In a Sunday interview on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Secretary of Defense James Mattis cautioned that a war with North Korea would be “catastrophic” and “the worst kind of fighting in most people’s lifetimes. ”  “The North Korean regime has hundreds of artillery cannons and rocket launchers within range of one of the most densely populated cities on Earth, which is the capital of South Korea,” Mattis told CBS’s John Dickerson. He later warned, “This regime is a threat to the region, to Japan, to South Korea, and in the event of war, they would bring danger to China and to Russia as well. But the bottom line is it would be a catastrophic war if this turns into a combat if we’re not able to resolve this situation through diplomatic means. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent",0
8592,Clintons Addicted to Privilege: Financial Whistleblower Explains What’s About to Happen to the Economy,"Posted by Isaac Davis 
“How is the government going to get people to pay their taxes if the government is not viewed as legitimate?” ~ Catherine Austin Fitts 
The world economy is designed to fail through the mechanism of a banking system that requires all users of money to pay usury every time a transaction takes place. In this way, the financial systems of the world can be manipulated into a managed collapse, thereby causing global chaos so that the world’s nations and citizens can be tricked into demanding a global currency managed by a global elite. 
Problem, reaction, solution. Economic hit man John Perkins wrote about this strategy as it was used in the 20th century to bring developing nations under the control of the international monetary fund and transnational profiteers, and at present this scheme is being globalized. 
“If an EHM is completely successful, the loans are so large that the debtor is forced to default on its payments after a few years. When this happens, then like the Mafia we demand our pound of flesh. This often includes one or more of the following: control over United Nations votes, the installation of military bases, or access to precious resources such as oil or the Panama Canal. Of course, the debtor still owes us the money—and another country is added to our global empire.” ~John Perkins, Confessions of an Economic Hit Man 
For decades now, the dollar has been in a slow burn style of collapse, and while many journalists, primarily outside of the mainstream, have been warning the world about how and why this is happening, we’re quickly approaching a turning point, where the slow burn moves into something more severe. While at first glance this seems like a frightening potentiality, the truth is that an economic collapse may very well be our best chance at freeing ourselves from the rule of the Gods of Money . A Whistleblower Warns Us and Gives Us Hope 
Speaking to Greg Hunter of USA Watchdog news , former Wall Street banker and former Assistant Secretary of Housing and Federal Housing Commissioner at the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development in the first Bush Administration , Catherine Austin Fitts explains why the slow burn is about to come to an end. 
“The system has the capacity with monetary policy in one sense to keep going forever if the force and military capacity is there to do it, but at some point, you burn through the fat, you burn through the muscle and then you have to change institutions.” ~ Catherine Austin Fitts 
During the financial crisis of 2008, the government was able to prevent an uncontrolled firestorm collapse of the system by colluding with the chiefs of the financial sector, giving them bailouts of extraordinary magnitude , then inflating the dollar by the Federal Reserve’s introduction of quantitative easing . Eight years later, this tactic has reached its limit, however it has given the public significant reason and time to understand why our economy functions the way it does, and people are losing faith in our leadership. 
“It’s going to be extremely difficult to get people to continue to pay their taxes when they’re highly confident the money’s not being spent legally and it’s going to the advantage of small parties or things that they don’t understand. And so you can’t move further without institutional overhaul.” ~Catherine Austin Fitts 
The thing that frightens her most is the fact that groups within the U.S., such as ALEC , are already calling for changes in the law and even a new constitutional convention to overhaul these institutions. The financial sector has already been operating outside of the law and beyond the constitution for some twenty plus years, and if we haven’t been using the constitution, she notes, then why do they wish to change it? 
“If you want to enforce the Constitution or fix things, that’s what you do. The reason you get a Constitutional Convention is you want to tear it up because you’re worried, now that people realize the extent of the corruption, that they’re going to try and enforce.” ~Catherine Austin Fitts 
Her warning is that as people continue to wake up to the corruption of our government and financial rulers, the entrenched elites who are fully invested in destroying the middle class will fight tooth and nail to prevent us from holding them accountable, by means of bringing more Draconian laws into place to protect themselves. 
In this light, the economic war that is brewing isn’t completely technical, it is social as well, quickly becoming class warfare. The world’s financial elite are in grave danger of being held to the fire for their crimes, and surely they know they how quickly things can change in favor of the populous, as historical events like the French Revolution have shown. Prepare Now 
As individuals stuck in the debt-slave matrix , there is very little we can do to challenge this sort of massive global scheme as it’s happening, however, preparing now for collapse is our best chance of chucking our burden of debt to these people, if they are even human , and of creating a future without such obvious criminal financial tyranny holding us back. 
Working now to expose these criminals is imperative so that when the ball drops, ordinary people understand why, how and who is truly to blame, thereby making resisting to the takeover possible. Taking care of personal emergency preparations by gathering healthy storable foods , networking in your community, and having plans in place to survive are absolutely necessary at this stage, and once this is done, efforts to awaken others are critical. 
View the full interview here : Read more articles by Isaac Davis . 
Isaac Davis is a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and OffgridOutpost.com Survival Tips blog. He is an outspoken advocate of liberty and of a voluntary society. He is an avid reader of history and passionate about becoming self-sufficient to break free of the control matrix. Follow him on Facebook, here . This article ( Financial Whistleblower Explains What’s About to Happen to the Economy ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Isaac Davis and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement.  ",0
8593,Joyce Carol Oates: Christianity ’Virtually Synonymous’ with White Nationalism,"Author and prolific Tweeter Joyce Carol Oates openly pondered the state of Christianity in America in a post to her Twitter account Thursday afternoon  —   and believes Christianity is now indistinguishable from white nationalism in many parts of America. [Those (of us) who could not believe in Christianity as a religion nonetheless believed that its tenets  ideals were noble, profound.  But,  —   Joyce Carol Oates (@JoyceCarolOates) January 13, 2017,   @JoyceCarolOates what has happened to Christians in recent years! Virtually synonymous   white nationalism in many parts of country.  —   Joyce Carol Oates (@JoyceCarolOates) January 13, 2017,  Of course, many of the    author’s 160, 000 social media followers (and presumably some Christians) took umbrage at the suggestion that their faith automatically makes them a white nationalist. @JoyceCarolOates so all those Yazidis massacred in Syria. White Nationalists?  —   ZendoDeb (@ZendoDeb) January 13, 2017,  . @JoyceCarolOates Country is full of black churches  packed every Sunday, they’re Christians. Or are you not aware Baptists are Christians?  —   Michelle (@1MonthLeft) January 13, 2017,  @JoyceCarolOates It’s only ”virtually synonymous” in your own head. And that’s about YOU, not Christianity. But don’t worry, you’re forgiven,  —   The Department of No (@SantasTavern) January 13, 2017,  @JoyceCarolOates I’m not even Christian and still find this a disgusting, bigoted generalization.  —   Cate (@ArmyofBlonde) January 13, 2017,  Then again, Oates has a long history of issuing questionable tweets in June of 2015, the National Book   expressed her outrage that director Steven Spielberg had posed for a photograph with what appeared to be a dead animal. So barbaric that this should still be allowed  …      No conservation laws in effect wherever this is? https:  .   —   Joyce Carol Oates (@JoyceCarolOates) June 9, 2015,    viewers, or anyone that has seen the 1993 film Jurassic Park, knew that Spielberg was posing with an animatronic dinosaur prop from the film. This guy thinks it’s cool to kill defenceless animals then take a selfie. Jerk. pic. twitter.   —   Chris Tilly (@TillyTweets) June 9, 2015,  In November, Oates was roundly mocked for issuing a tweet about ISIS. The author wanted to know whether there were any “celebratory or joyous” aspects of the murderous terrorist group, rather than the “puritanical and “punitive” aspects she had heard so much about.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
8594,"WORLD WAR 3 UPDATE: NATO PUTS 300,000 TROOPS ON HIGH ALERT For Confrontation With Russia",source Add To The Conversation Using Facebook Comments,0
8595,"Putin Takes On The NWO, October 2016","Putin Takes On The NWO, October 2016 # thinkbig 18 
Let me get this straight - if leaders of the world combined forces, we could alleviate poverty and the constant fear of terrorism? Could the Middle East be left alone, and not pillaged for oil, sending millions of refugees into Europe, creating an unprecedented cultural catastrophe in waiting? Could certain players on the global arena stop financing terror groups abroad, thus removing the threat entirely? But wait, there's more - Mr Putin is not calling for war with ""the others"", because only WE are the good guys? Unlike Nobel Peace Prize holder over there. Tags",0
8596,This City Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad - The New York Times,"Fairies can be so fickle. One night, all you want to do is break a spell. The next, with ice in your veins and a malicious flourish, you put a curse into action. On Thursday, Sara Mearns, the glamorous New York City Ballet principal, made an unlikely debut: the evil Fairy Carabosse in “The Sleeping Beauty. ” Her usual role, which she performed Wednesday, is the Lilac Fairy, Princess Aurora’s shimmering protector who counteracts Carabosse’s curse of death. Ms. Mearns, 31, is no polite ballerina, but an    dancer who reacts on the spot through her deep connection with music. Speaking twice in her dressing room on Thursday  —   once during intermission and later after her brief, ferocious appearance in the second act  —   Ms. Mearns reflected on the two roles. “Carabosse is like spitfire  —   short and sweet,” she said. “With the Lilac Fairy, I feel very empowered. You’re sort of in charge of the whole extravaganza. You’re always there. ” After a parting hug so she could take her bow  —   “Don’t get caught in the wing,” she said, referring not to the stage but to the appendage on her glittering black dress  —   she headed back out. For the record, the crowd roared. Ms. Mearns grinned with delight. Here are edited excerpts from the conversation. Who did you model Carabosse on?  I wanted her to be the Maleficent Disney [animated] version where she just stands there. She’s actually somewhat nice and doesn’t scream in the beginning. Peter [Martins, the ballet master in chief] told me: “Carabosse is just as beautiful as the Lilac Fairy. You should be above it all. But what’s different is that your soul is evil. ” Your rage seemed to bubble up inside of you. Is that what it felt like?  Yes. I actually didn’t think that was going to happen! When I’ve seen people do that, I’ve been like, there’s no way that I could get myself to do that. I would feel so stupid. And then when I got onstage, there was no one standing in front of me. I was just like, oh my God, this feels right. What did you not want Carabosse to be? I didn’t want to come out screaming like a crazy person. I feel like I have a really different approach. The music makes you want to go there because it’s so powerful  —   it makes you want to scream. The costume does it. You just standing there already does it. You just have to rein it in. It was hard, but once I really committed to the way I was going to do it, I felt comfortable. Was the experience what you thought it would be like?  Yes and no. I was waiting for this thrill of being evil onstage. I was more nervous than I thought I would be. I don’t think I’ve actually done a character role that doesn’t require dancing. There was such a different nervousness, such a different placement of your feet and your stance. Lilac Fairy is so much a part of me that I can grab it at a moment’s notice, but Carabosse is so much deeper and harder to find that it took everything out of me. I actually get more tired doing this because my whole body is so tense. You can’t hide behind your dancing, which is your comfort zone. Were you dancing with your hands?  Yes. The first time I had used the nails was in the stage rehearsal, and I saw how much you can do because your fingers are much longer than they normally are. I came up with this thing that I was doing on my chest. [She drummed her fingers slowly.] That part made me laugh.  I came up with it in the shower this morning. I felt like my hands were dancing instead of my feet. Your nails are scary. What are they? They’re plastic fingers, and we have to tape them on. In the dress rehearsal, I lost two nails when I pulled off [the master of ceremonies] Catalabutte’s wig because I didn’t tape them right. I can’t really feel my fingertips right now because they’re so tight, but it’s good. They won’t fall off. Does Carabosse produce a different kind of adrenaline than the Lilac Fairy?  Yes. Dancing adrenaline is excitement  —   it’s like, I can’t wait to do those steps, I can’t wait to have that feeling. This is deeper. It’s a   thing happening. You transform your soul to a dark place. You’re not really happy when you come offstage. I couldn’t tell if you were annoyed because you had to do an interview, or if you were still in character.  [Laughs.] No. I’m still so mad! When you come off, you’re not like, I did such a great job. You’re simmering. With Carabosse, you can really go for it. You can scare people, throw people, just do whatever. I want to shock them.",0
8597,Just One Raw Egg Per Day Reduces The 5th Leading Cause of Death,"By Natasha Longo When it comes to recommendations on healthy food choices, the last reputable source is often public health. This usually stems from a lack of integrity and biased conclusions forced... ",0
8598,Pack Your Bags: 18 Celebs Who Said They Would Leave If Trump Won,"Since even before the presidential primaries began, the idea of a Donald Trump presidency made some celebrities threaten they would leave the country if it happened. Here are 18 celebrities who pledged to flee the United States and live in exile in the event of a Trump win. Let’s make them to stick to it! 
Via Yournewswire 1. Barbra Streisand 

“I can’t believe it. I’m either coming to your country if you’ll let me in, or Canada,” the singer told 60 Minutes in an interview in August. Streisand has been a vocal supporter of Clinton’s candidacy, and appeared at a high-profile fundraiser for the candidate in New York City earlier this year.
2. Bryan Cranston 

“I would definitely move. It’s not real to me that that would happen. I hope to God it won’t,” Cranston said in October of the possibility of a Trump victory. The Breaking Bad star suggested he would take a permanent vacation to Vancouver.
3. Miley Cyrus 

The young pop star said she would “move out da country” if Trump, whom she called a “ f*cking nightmare ” were to win the election.
“My heart is broken into a 1 pieces…I am moving if this is my president! I don’t say things I don’t mean!” she wrote in an Instagram post.
4. Lena Dunham 

The Girls star said there is a “ 100 percent chance ” she will pick up and move to Canada if Trump prevails on Election Day.
“I love Canada. I think that it’s a great place, and there’s an area in Vancouver that I find beautiful and appealing, and I can conduct business from there,” the actress and Clinton surrogate said.
5. Amy Schumer 

The comedian and Trainwreck actress said Spain would be her destination of choice if Trump wins the presidency.
“My act will change because I will need to learn to speak Spanish,” Schumer said in an appearance on the BBC’s Newsnight in September. “Because I will move to Spain or somewhere. It’s beyond my comprehension if Trump won. It’s just too crazy.”
6. Jon Stewart 

The former Daily Show funnyman may want to connect with billionaire space pioneer Elon Musk if Trump wins; he told People magazine last year that he would consider “getting in a rocket and going to another planet, because clearly this planet’s gone bonkers.”
7. Cher 

The same goes for pop icon Cher, who wrote on Twitter that she would be moving to Jupiter if Trump wins. The “Believe” singer has appeared with Hillary Clinton at campaign events this year.
8. Chelsea Handler 

The comedian and talk-show host said she had already made a contingency plan in the event of a Trump win.
“I did buy a house in another country just in case,” Handler said in an interview on ABC’s Live with Kelly and Michael in May. “So all these people that threaten to leave the country and then don’t — I actually will leave that country.”
9. Samuel L. Jackson 

“If that motherf*cker becomes president, I’m moving my black ass to South Africa,” he later told Jimmy Kimmel.
10. Whoopi Goldberg 

The comedian and The View co-host has repeatedly trashed Trump on the ABC daytime talk show.
“Listen, he can be whatever party he wants to be,” she said during an episode in January. “What he can’t be is he can’t be the guy that says it’s your fault stuff isn’t working. That’s not the president I want. Find a way to make stuff work.”
“Maybe it’s time for me to move, you know. I can afford to go,” she added.
11. Neve Campbell 

The Scream and House of Cards actress said she would move back to her native Canada if Trump wins the election.
“They see someone off the cuff and broad, and they think ‘ok, that’s the voice we need, just someone honest,’” Campbell told the Huffington Post of the motivation behind the Republican candidate’s support. “But his honesty is terrifying.”
12. Keegan-Michael Key 

The Key and Peele star also said he’d flee north to Canada in the event of a Trump presidency.
“It’s like, 10 minutes from Detroit,” the comedian told TMZ in January. “That’s where I’m from; my mom lives there. It’d make her happy too.”
13. George Lopez 

“If he wins, he won’t have to worry about immigration. We’ll all go back,” the Latino comedian and TV star told TMZ shortly after Trump announced his candidacy in 2015.
14. Ne-Yo 

The R&B singer said he’d be moving to Canada “straight away” if Trump wins.
“Me and Drake gonna be neighbors if Donald Trump becomes president,” the singer told TMZ in October.
15. Rev. Al Sharpton 

The civil rights activist told attendees at a Center for American Progress event in February that he would be looking for flight reservations if Clinton did not triumph on Election Day.
“I’m also reserving my ticket to get out of here if he wins. Only because he’d probably have me deported anyhow,” Sharpton said.
16. Raven Symoné 

The former View co-host and Disney Channel star is probably already on a flight out. During a February episode of the talk show, the actress said she would move to Canada “if any Republican gets nominated.”
17. Amber Rose 

Where would she move? Unspecified.
“I can’t even think about it! I’m moving, I’m out! I can’t. And I am taking my son with me!” she told US Weekly.
18. Ruth Bader Ginsburg 

The Supreme Court Justice claimed she will move to New Zealand.
“I can’t imagine what the country would be with Donald Trump as our president… Now it’s time for us to move to New Zealand,” she told The New York Times.
",0
8599,America’s Kosher Conservatives are Alarmed at the Sight of Real Conservatism,"Diversity Macht Frei October 29, 2016 
Conservatism is the defence of ancestral peoplehood. It is an affirmation of a people’s uniqueness, their culture, traditions, values and trans-generational connectedness; in short, their ethnic identity. In America, however, thanks to infiltration and subversion of the movement by Jewish intellectuals, conservatism has been defined as its opposite. Instead of affirming ancestral peoplehood, this ersatz or kosher conservatism denies it; furthermore, it depicts genuine conservatism – the attempt to preserve a people’s distinctiveness – as somehow shameful or morally tainted. This it accomplishes by expansively redefining the peoplehood to embrace outsiders. In place of a time-honoured community linked by genetic descent, the new criteria for “tribal” belonging become shallow and abstract: place of birth; an administrative status; a bit of paper from the government; a list of “values”, usually ones such as “openesss” or “tolerance” that are simply disguised demands for ethnic self-dissolution. 
This redefinition of European, and only European, peoplehood into something abstract is a form of intellectual genocide, one largely effected by Jewish intellectuals who have mastered the art of manipulating Europeans by evoking shame responses. And insofar as this intellectual redefinition of our peoplehood prevails in the public conversation, which it does to the point of being almost unchallenged, it forms the basis for government policies that must necessarily bring about an actual genocide in which the ancestral ethnic community is dissolved through an influx of outsiders. Since, according to the rules of kosher conservatism, Europeans are not allowed to define themselves as an ancestral community, they cannot defend themselves as such. 
What we see in the Trump movement and the various populisms springing up around Europe is a response to this twin genocide, the intellectual and the actual, being perpetrated on Europeans by Jewish intellectuals whose ideas have achieved an ascendancy in our public conversation. These kosher conservatives are mortified by the sight of genuine conservatism, the element of ethnic self-defence that is manifest in the Trump movement. Here neo-con (((David Brooks))) of the New York Times laments the good old days when the goy knew their place. 
I feel very lucky to have entered the conservative movement when I did, back in the 1980s and 1990s. I was working at National Review, The Washington Times, The Wall Street Journalâs editorial page. The role models in front of us were people like Bill Buckley, Irving Kristol, James Q. Wilson, Russell Kirk and Midge Decter. 
… The Buckley-era establishment self-confidently enforced intellectual and moral standards. It rebuffed the nativists like the John Birch Society, the apocalyptic polemicists who popped up with the New Right, and they exiled conspiracy-mongers and anti-Semites, like Joe Sobran, an engaging man who was rightly fired from National Review. 
Source 
Sobran was one of the old-school, proudly Christian, conservatives who attempted to resist the Jewish takeover of the American conservative movement, failed and paid the price for his failure. Here are some extracts from his New York Times obituary. 
Joseph Sobran, a hard-hitting conservative writer and moralist whose outspoken antipathy to Israel and what he saw as the undue influence of a Jewish lobby on American foreign policy led to his removal as a senior editor of National Review in 1993, died on Thursday in Fairfax, Va. He was 64 and lived in Burke, Va. 
Mr. Sobran (pronounced SO-brun), one of the conservative whiz kids whom William F. Buckley draft-picked for National Review straight out of college, made his mark with witty, thoughtful essays on moral and social questions. He was an unapologetic paleoconservative, opposed to military intervention abroad, big government at home and moral permissiveness everywhere. 
… In the mid-1980s he ran into trouble with Mr. Buckley for the first time after writing several columns critical of American policy in the Middle East. Matters came to a head in 1993. Mr. Sobran, unhappy with National Reviewâs support for the 1991 Persian Gulf war, and with Mr. Buckleyâs criticism of his writing on Jews and the Middle East, attacked Mr. Buckley in his âWashington Watchâ column in The Wanderer, a traditionalist Roman Catholic weekly. When informed by National Reviewâs editor in chief, John OâSullivan, that the column amounted to a letter of resignation, Mr. Sobran was fired. 
Mr. Buckley, angry that Mr. Sobran had included conversations from a private dinner that the two had had, and stung by the depiction of him as kowtowing to Manhattanâs social elite, wrote in a letter to The Wanderer that the column âgives evidence of an incapacitation moral and perhaps medical, which news is both bad, and sad,â adding that Mr. Sobranâs criticisms were âa breath-catching libel.â 
The two men later reconciled. Mr. Sobranâs isolationist views on American foreign policy and Israel became increasingly extreme. He took a skeptical line on the Holocaust and said the Sept. 11 terror attacks were a result of American foreign policy in the Middle East, which he believed that a Jewish lobby directed. Not surprisingly, he spent much of his time defending himself against charges of anti-Semitism. 
âNobody has ever accused me of the slightest personal indecency to a Jew,â he said in a speech delivered at a 2002 conference of the Institute for Historical Review. âMy chief offense, it appears, has been to insist that the state of Israel has been a costly and treacherous âallyâ to the United States. As of last Sept. 11, I should think that is undeniable. But I have yet to receive a single apology for having been correct.â 
Source 
Brooks laments the corrosion of the establishment media monolith that has allowed the dumb goy plebs to have a voice. 
The conservative intellectual landscape has changed in three important ways since then, paving the way for the ruination of the Republican Party. First, talk radio, cable TV and the internet have turned conservative opinion into a mass-market enterprise. Small magazines have been overwhelmed by Rush, OâReilly and Breitbart. 
Todayâs dominant conservative voices try to appeal to people by the millions. You win attention in the mass media through perpetual hysteria and simple-minded polemics and by exploiting social resentment. In search of that mass right-wing audience that, say, Coulter enjoys, conservatism has done its best to make itself offensive to people who value education and disdain made-for-TV rage. 
Itâs ironic that an intellectual tendency that champions free markets was ruined by the forces of commercialism, but that is the essential truth. Conservatism went down-market in search of revenue. It got swallowed by its own anti-intellectual media-politico complex â from Beck to Palin to Trump. Hillary Clinton is therefore now winning among white college graduates by 52 to 36 percent. 
SourceÂ 
That more highly educated Europeans now tend disproportionately to embrace their own destruction is the result of their heightened exposure to Jewish sophistry through academia and Establishment media. 
All over (see here and here for other examples), the Kosher conservatives are wringing their hands in anguish at the Trump movement, hoping it will go away soon. But the ethnic anguish the Trump movement channels is not going away any time soon, driven, as it is, by the harsh reality that Europeans are being turned into ethnic minorities in almost all of their ancestral living spaces. Even if Trump falls by the wayside, their anguish will continue to deepen and seek other forms of expression.",0
8600,The FBI Is the Regime’s Secret Police,"By Andrew P. Napolitano October 27, 2016 
When FBI Director James Comey announced on July 5 that the Department of Justice would not seek the indictment of Hillary Clinton for failure to safeguard state secrets related to her email use while she was secretary of state, he both jumped the gun and set in motion a series of events that surely he did not intend. Was his hand forced by the behavior of FBI agents who wouldn’t take no for an answer? Did he let the FBI become a political tool? 
Here is the back story. 
The FBI began investigating the Clinton email scandal in the spring of 2015, when The New York Times revealed Clinton’s use of a private email address for her official governmental work and the fact that she did not preserve the emails on State Department servers, contrary to federal law. After an initial collection of evidence and a round of interviews, agents and senior managers gathered in the summer of 2015 to discuss how to proceed. It was obvious to all that a prima-facie case could be made for espionage, theft of government property and obstruction of justice charges. The consensus was to proceed with a formal criminal investigation. 
Six months later, the senior FBI agent in charge of that investigation resigned from the case and retired from the FBI because he felt the case was going “sideways”; that’s law enforcement jargon for “nowhere by design.” John Giacalone had been the chief of the New York City, Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., field offices of the FBI and, at the time of his “sideways” comment, was the chief of the FBI National Security Branch. 
The reason for the “sideways” comment must have been Giacalone’s realization that DOJ and FBI senior management had decided that the investigation would not work in tandem with a federal grand jury. That is nearly fatal to any government criminal case. In criminal cases, the FBI and the DOJ cannot issue subpoenas for testimony or for tangible things; only grand juries can. 
Giacalone knew that without a grand jury, the FBI would be toothless, as it would have no subpoena power. He also knew that without a grand jury, the FBI would have a hard time persuading any federal judge to issue search warrants. A judge would perceive the need for search warrants to be not acute in such a case because to a judge, the absence of a grand jury can only mean a case is “sideways” and not a serious investigation. 
As the investigation dragged on in secret and Donald Trump simultaneously began to rise in the Republican presidential primaries, it became more apparent to Giacalone’s successors that the goal of the FBI was to exonerate Clinton, not determine whether there was enough evidence to indict her. In late spring of this year, agents began interviewing the Clinton inner circle. 
When Clinton herself was interviewed on July 2 — for only four hours, during which the interviewers seemed to some in the bureau to lack aggression, passion and determination — some FBI agents privately came to the same conclusion as their former boss: The case was going sideways. 
A few determined agents were frustrated by Clinton’s professed lack of memory during her interview and her oblique reference to a recent head injury she had suffered as the probable cause of that. They sought to obtain her medical records to verify the gravity of her injury and to determine whether she had been truthful with them. They prepared the paperwork to obtain the records, only to have their request denied by Director Comey himself on July 4. 
Then some agents did the unthinkable; they reached out to colleagues in the intelligence community and asked them to obtain Clinton’s medical records so they could show them to Comey. We know that the National Security Agency can access anything that is stored digitally, including medical records. These communications took place late on July 4. 
When Comey learned of these efforts, he headed them off the next morning with his now infamous news conference, in which he announced that Clinton would not be indicted because the FBI had determined that her behavior, though extremely careless, was not reckless, which is the legal standard in espionage cases. He then proceeded to recount the evidence against her. He did this, no doubt, to head off the agents who had sought the Clinton medical records, whom he suspected would leak evidence against her. 
Three months later — and just weeks before Clinton will probably be elected president — we have learned that President Barack Obama regularly communicated with Clinton via her personal email servers about matters that the White House considered classified. That means that he lied when he told CBS News that he learned of the Clinton servers when the rest of us did. 
We also learned this week that Andrew McCabe, Giacalone’s successor as head of the FBI Washington field office and presently the No. 3 person in the FBI, is married to a woman to whom the Clinton money machine in Virginia funneled about $675,000 in lawful campaign funds for a failed 2015 run for the Virginia Senate. Comey apparently saw no conflict or appearance of impropriety in having the person in charge of the Clinton investigation in such an ethically challenged space. 
Why did this case go sideways? 
Did President Obama fear being a defense witness at Hillary Clinton’s criminal trial? Did he so fear being succeeded in office by Donald Trump that he ordered the FBI to exonerate Clinton, the rule of law be damned? Did the FBI lose its reputation for fidelity to law, bravery under stress and integrity at all times? 
This is not your grandfather’s FBI — or your father’s. It is the Obama FBI. 
Reprinted with the author’s permission. The Best of Andrew P. Napolitano Tags: Andrew P. Napolitano [ send him mail ], a former judge of the Superior Court of New Jersey, is the senior judicial analyst at Fox News Channel. Judge Napolitano has written nine books on the U.S. Constitution. The most recent is Suicide Pact: The Radical Expansion of Presidential Powers and the Lethal Threat to American Liberty . To find out more about Judge Napolitano and to read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit creators.com. Copyright © 2016 Andrew P. Napolitano",0
8601,The Spiritual Alchemy of Every Day Stuff,"The Spiritual Alchemy of Every Day Stuff Nov 20, 2016 1 0 
You could work on your spiritual self in a secluded temple, or high in the most remote mountains as an ascetic hermit, but there is a surprising opportunity to use your every-day life as a way to blow the doors off of corporeal existence and arrive in the blissful state of full awakening. You can turn lead to gold, if you just know how. This is the true secret of alchemy. 
Father Francis Tiso , a PhD in Buddhist studies has said, “Everyday stuff that we go through, good bad or indifferent, is of extreme value. It’s like gold. It is jewels, but only through spiritual practice do you develop the sensitivity, which is innate, so its really like bringing out the sensitivity, to know that. To know that this moment is the only one that you are going to get, and that it’s wide open, luminous and blissful.” Spiritual Alchemy – Fishing for Pearls 
Alchemists have been around for ages, certainly before the age of Christ. These spiritual chemists were looking for ways to obtain the ‘holy grail.’ The gold of the early alchemists was found by uniting the physical body with the soul. This is considered the original ‘trinity’ which informs Buddhism, gnostic Christianity, Taoism, and many other alchemical sciences, and it is a science we all have access to. 
The church became threatened with alchemy because it offered a number of tools in which to find the true pearls of wisdom – distinct teachings that could show people how to awaken their dormant kundalini. 
Alchemy was developed in ancient Egypt and China, and has been tied to the fertility of the Nile River basin as well as an understanding of what happens to the consciousness after death. Sadly, much of early information on alchemy was lost when the Christians invaded Egypt and burned the library at Alexandria . Others claim these secrets were not really burned , but simply moved to the Vatican and other places where they could be kept secretly. Nonetheless, there were anywhere between 40,000 to 600,000 scrolls of alchemical knowledge that were either destroyed or hidden . 
This knowledge has not been completely destroyed though. It has been carried across the world, to Egypt, India and China, to the Middle East, Greece, Rome, The British Isles, Nigeria, Ethiopia, and other Asian, European, and African cultures. 
At its heart, alchemy is just a type of transformation – of turning one type of matter into another. The alchemists of medieval times focused on trying to turn lead into physical gold, but they were missing the point. The true treasure of alchemy is in creating a sustained state of illumination and enlightenment. Three Tools Needed to Perform Alchemy 
Just as in physical alchemy, there are three requirements. You must have a container, a substance to fill it, and a fuel. In spiritual alchemy, it is no different. Our awareness is the container. Our gross awareness, with all its beliefs, psychological patterns, emotional blockages, and stalled energies which keep us from seeking truth is where we start. 
The fuel is a heightened state of consciousness, which can be invoked or attuned to with simple awareness exercises. By placing, for instance, those aspects of our being which are no longer serving us, such as emotional wounds or beliefs of our unworthiness, into our awareness, and bringing the fires of transformational consciousness from within the subtle realms, to our assistance, we can transform those wounds. We are alchemists, then, turning our gross consciousness into ‘gold.’ How does this work in every day life, then? 
We can look to the practices of many ancient cultures to understand the simple wisdom of alchemy. 
Any advanced esoteric school — whether it was Christian Gnosticism, Taoism, that can gather ‘qi’ from the morning dew , or the Hindus and Jainists of India that can literally live on the breath alone (called breatharians ) — reveals to the secrets of cultivating the energy which can turn lead (the dull consciousness) into gold (the fully awakened, original Self). 
These practices are simply the most advanced versions of paying attention, and developing awareness. In the modern world, most of our primordial life energy escapes us, and dissipates throughout the day. When we focus our awareness, we draw in immense amounts of Universal energy. 
Universal energy flows into the etheric body through the chakras, which translates from Sanskrit to mean ‘spinning wheel of energy.’ 
Cosmic chi can also be drawn in through the lungs (hence breatharians can learn to exist on only air and a little water.) The practice of Chi Kung, for example, is simply energy management. The practice of Chi Kung is simply meant to teach us to refuel the body, which is connected to the Universal energy. More specifically, there are 3 types of Chi described in Taoism, and other Chinese martial arts: Jing Chi – known as our ‘original Chi or inherited Chi’ which is passed down to us from our parents Gu Chi – or digestive Chi, which is derived from the food and drink we ingest Da Chi – or Cosmic Chi, which is drawn in through the lungs 
Similarly, yogic practices help us to remove impediments to the flow of the Universal Qi (chi) throughout our bodies. This system uses the term ‘ prana ’ instead of Qi. 
In both systems of developing Universal energy inherent within us, the tributaries that this energy flows through the body must be cleared. In Chinese medicine they are called meridians, in yoga, they are called nadis. Regardless of their names, there is a framework within the physical body to disseminate the Universal life force – to distribute Qi or prana. 
So, let’s apply this ancient wisdom to an every-day scenario. First, we wake up from sleep. We rarely put nourishing foods in our bodies. Our minds start to race, considering all the things we should do before the sun goes down. This is the first place that our original Qi dissipates. If we were to lay in bed for just five minutes, breathing deeply, cultivating energy in our abdomens, and then letting a sense of calm permeate our consciousness, we’d already be changing the tempo of the day, as well as the likelihood that the rest of our actions will be Qi-building, instead of Qi-destroying. 
Next, we gulp down dead foods that contain no life-force, and rush to work or an appointment. Every healthy food we eat contains the life-force also, and can aid in developing our own energy levels, or continue to deplete them. Sprouted seeds and legumes, along with fresh fruits and vegetables contain the highest levels of life-force, as evidenced in Kirlian photography . All other foods pale in comparison. If we don’t eat organic, live foods, we miss out on an easy opportunity to build our life force. 
Then, if we rush through the day, sitting at a computer for eight of the precious hours within our waking time, without moving our bodies – without dancing, practicing martial arts , or doing yoga, for example, we miss out on yet another opportunity to build our life force. As a side benefit to practicing Qi Gong, or yoga, we also get sick less frequently, and enjoy a better mood – when we are happy, and joyful, this vibration helps to promote a higher life force, also. 
Additional practices like meditation , pranayama , tantric sex , mudras , listening to high-vibrating music, spending time in nature , laughing , and more, can all add to our life force energy. Even our slee p can be used as a means to awaken our consciousness from its lowered state. The philosopher’s stone is a legendary alchemical substance capable of turning base metals such as mercury or lead into gold or silver. 
If you haven’t already surmised, almost every waking moment is an opportunity to practice alchemy – to make gold from lead. It doesn’t matter if you are having lunch with friends, or deciding how to spend your free time on a Saturday. You can choose to be aware, and to support the alchemical transformation of your consciousness. Though the ancient texts likely contained secrets which would expedite the process, there are simple acts we can participate in every day to find the priceless treasure of spiritual alchemy.",0
8602,Rise of Mandatory Vaccinations Means the End of Medical Freedom,"posted by Eddie Mandatory vaccinations are about to open up a new frontier for government control. Through the war on drugs, bureaucrats arbitrarily dictate what people can and can’t put into their bodies, but that violation pales in comparison to forcibly medicating millions against their will. Voluntary and informed consent are essential in securing individual rights, and without it, self-ownership will never be respected. The liberal stronghold of California is trailblazing the encroaching new practice and recently passed laws mandating that children and adults must have certain immunizations before being able to attend schools or work in certain professions. The longstanding religious and philosophical exemptions that protect freedom of choice have been systematically crushed by the state. California’s Senate Bill 277 went into effect on July 1st, 2016, and marked the most rigid requirements ever instituted for vaccinations. The law forces students to endure a total of 40 doses to complete the 10 federally recommended vaccines while allowing more to be added at any time. Any family that doesn’t go along will have their child barred from attending licensed day care facilities, in-home daycares, public or private schools, and even after school programs. Over the years, California has developed a reputation for pushing vaccines on their youth. Assembly Bill 499 was passed in 2011 and lowered the age of consent for STD prevention vaccines to just 12 years old. Included in the assortment of shots being administered was the infamous Gardasil , which just a few years later was at the center of a lawsuit that yielded the victims a $6 million settlement from the U.S. government, which paid out funds from the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program . The Vaccinate All Children Act of 2015 is an attempt to implement this new standard nationwide, and although it has stalled in the House, it will likely be reintroduced the next time the country is gripped by the fear of a pandemic. The debate surrounding vaccinations is commonly framed as a moral struggle between the benefits to the collective and the selfish preferences of the individual. But since the outbreak scares of Zika , measles , and ebola , the rhetoric has taken a turn toward authoritarianism. It’s commonly stated by the CDC and most mainstream doctors that the unvaccinated are putting the health of everyone else at risk, but the truth isn’t so black and white . The herd immunity theory has been consistently used to validate the expansion of vaccine programs, but it still doesn’t justify the removal of choice from the individual. The classic exchange of freedom for perceived safety is a no brainer for the millions of Americans who are willing to use government to strap their neighbors down and forcibly inject them for the greater good. Anyone who expresses concern about possible side effects is immediately branded as conspiratorial or anti-science. Yet controversial claims that certain vaccine variants cause neurological disorders like autism have led some people to swear off inoculations altogether. This all-or-nothing dynamic has completely polarized the issue and prevents any reasonable discussion from taking place. Either you accept all of the CDC’s recommended 69 doses of 16 vaccines between birth and age 18, or you want to bring back measles, polio, and probably the black plague. On the other extreme side of the debate, if you fail to acknowledge all vaccines as dangerous, you’re an ignorant sheep. Through the internet, disinformation has become widespread and created a movement of people that have written off all the benefits accomplished through immunizations. These individuals are unable or unwilling to separate the science from the shady institutions that develop and distribute new vaccines. Even if thimerosal and mercury based preservatives cause adverse reactions in some patients, it doesn’t detract from the advantages vaccine technology provides. In this debate, like most others in the US, both sides are swept up in emotion and ignorance. Regardless, the public’s trust in vaccinations has been eroded by the reputations of those companies producing them. Pharmaceutical giants like Merck and Pfizer make billions from the distribution of these shots, and the potential profits after a mandate are enough to corrupt the morals of almost anyone. In one example, former CDC director Dr. Julie Gerberding left her post at the government agency in 2009 to work in Merck’s vaccine division. An investigative report published by the British Medical Journal last year found the CDC downplays its ties to the pharmaceutical industry. Further, by buying the support of politicians like Hillary Clinton — who received more donations from pharmaceutical companies and their employees than any other candidate this year — these huge companies are able to expand their influence in directing government policy . Maintaining control over what we put into our own bodies is a fundamental right, but for now, standing up to these government decrees only means ostracism from the education system and criticism from peers. In the future, however, the punishments for disobedience will likely only grow stricter. An Orange County doctor named Bob Sears is already in the crosshairs of California’s medical board after excusing a two-year-old from future vaccinations. The mother expressed concern that her daughter had an adverse reaction to a previous shot, describing the child as becoming limp “like a ragdoll” for 24 hours after the last dose. Dr. Sears’ alternative treatment recommendations break from the rules dictated by S.B. 277, and now his reputation, as well as his career, are in jeopardy. This new authority to strip doctors of their medical licenses for simply going against the state-imposed standards opens the door for the persecution of medical professionals who resist any government regulation. A vaccination is an invasive medical procedure that can have different effects on each and every individual. The Nuremberg Code’s first principle is voluntary consent, but it seems the lessons of history have been completely forgotten by today’s leaders. The transition of these shots from “recommended” to “required” is well underway, and those who think the ends justify the means are willing to forcibly make sure everyone else complies. The new benchmark set by California symbolizes a precedent that could be mimicked across the nation. Without having the discretion to choose which medications are injected into your body — or your child’s — how can anyone convince themselves they are free? This overreach and collusion can often be dismissed as a trivial issue, but the fact that voluntary consent is under attack speaks volumes to the extent that state power has metastasized. source:",0
8603,O’Reilly on Sessions Saga: Democrat Hypocrisy ’Is on Full Display’ - Breitbart,"Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “The O’Reilly Factor,” host Bill O’Reilly weighed in on the allegations that Attorney General Jeff Sessions failed to acknowledge meeting with the Russian ambassador during his confirmation hearing earlier this year.  O’Reilly declared Sessions was right to recuse himself from any investigations involving the 2016 Trump presidential campaign. However, he said this situation exposed hypocrisy of Democrats, who were silent on   General Loretta Lynch’s recusal when   presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton was being investigated for her use of an unauthorized server while secretary of state. Transcript as follows: O’REILLY: Hi, I am Bill O’Reilly. Thanks for watching us tonight. Attorney General Jeff Sessions recuses himself in the Russian investigation. That is a subject of this evening’s “Talking Points” memo. Okay. Here’s the deal. The Democratic Party in much of the national press wants to produce evidence that the Trump campaign colluded with the Russian government in defeating Hillary Clinton. There is no question about that. The cost of the Russian hacking, a serious issue, there were hearings held in Congress. And by extension, when then Senator Jeff Sessions testified at his confirmation hearing for Attorney General, the Russian issue came up. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) SEN. AL FRANKEN (D) MINNESOTA: If there is any evidence that anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russian government in the course of this campaign, what will you do? JEFF SESSIONS (R)   SENATOR: Senator Franken, I am not aware of any of those activities. I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians. And I am unable to comment on it. (END VIDEO CLIP) O’REILLY: Now, last night, “The Washington Post” publish a story that said,   Sessions did meet with the Russian ambassador twice last year. But if you are listening closely, the question was about the Trump campaign, not the former senators duties on the Armed Services Committee. Today in a press conference, the Attorney General reiterated that he was answering the Russian question in the context of the Trump campaign. He said he did nothing wrong, told the truth, but is recusing himself from the case. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) SESSIONS: My staff recommended recusal. They said that since I had involvement with the campaign, I should not be involved in any campaign investigation. I have studied the rules and considered their comments and evaluations. I believe those recommendations are right and just. Therefore, I have recused myself in the matters that deal with the Trump campaign. (END VIDEO CLIP) O’REILLY: “Talking Points” believes Mr. Sessions did the right thing. The FBI is currently investigating whether Russians influence the presidential vote and he was involved. The investigation has to be above reproach. And that is why the Attorney General is now out of it. One footnote. Not one single Democrat in Congress, not one, called for   General Loretta Lynch to recuse herself from the Hillary Clinton investigation after she met with Bill Clinton at a Phoenix Airport. There was absolutely no call for recusal by the Democrats, so once again, hypocrisy is on full display. Now, here is what should happen going forward. The FBI should continue with its investigation and Director Comey should testify in front of Congress. If during that testimony there is evidence that the Trump campaign colluded with the Russians in any way, then, a special prosecutor should be appointed. That is what should happen. A methodical investigation by the FBI and a determination by Congress whether a special independent probe is necessary. I think that is a fair, honest, and efficient game plan in this intense political climate. Finally, even though the press does want to destroy President Trump, the American people should want to know, we should want to know if there were any secret dealings with the Russians during the campaign. That is a very important story that should be defined. And that is the memo. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
8604,"Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. - The New York Times","“Homeland,” a series always conscious of current events, tries for some enforced topicality in its sixth season, which begins on Sunday on Showtime. Moving out of the fall for the first time, the show has a story line pegged to its new winter slot and to the recent election: The season is set during a presidential transition, with a   whose relationship to intelligence agencies is dicey. Not even the most prescient of shows can see the future perfectly, though. The fictional incipient president is a woman (played by Elizabeth Marvel) and her politics appear to be dovish: She floats the idea of the United States’ pulling all its troops out of the Middle East. Those details put quite a distance between “Homeland” and the reality of the real   Donald J. Trump. But it’s not gender or   views that make the show feel out of tune with the times. It’s the courtesy the characters exhibit as they argue and negotiate, their automatic respect for the traditional processes of government. Life, at the moment, is scarier than fiction, and compared with the wholesale disintegration of civility taking place in Washington, “Homeland” looks quaint. It’s as if it were happening in another century. And that’s not a bad thing. There’s something comforting about the normalcy of plot and counterplot, action and intrigue. Those have always been the series’s strong points, not ideas, and it may be easier to focus on them without worrying about how closely the story is mimicking events. This peripatetic show is set for the first time in New York, where the former C. I. A. officer Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) is working for an outpost of the German foundation that employed her in Season 5. Otto Düring (Sebastian Koch) her boss and (as far as we know) unrequited admirer, asks why she’s wasting her time doing   work, helping Muslim Americans negotiate the legal system. The answer is that it’s where she can keep an eye on her soul mate, Quinn (Rupert Friend) who’s living in a veterans’ hospital after being   last season. The show’s usual roles have been reversed: Quinn is a   mess, and Carrie, who appears to be safely on her meds, is the caretaker. By the end of the season premiere, Quinn has moved into her basement.   episodes of “Homeland” tend to be a bit labored, as the elaborate machinery of the plot is put into place, and having only two episodes to review (presumably a defense against spoilers) makes it impossible to tell how   the machinery will be. Sunday’s premiere introduces two plot strands that we know will eventually, somehow, converge: A young Muslim video blogger (J. Mallory McCree) is arrested on what seem to be shaky grounds, and Dar (F. Murray Abraham) worries about a C. I. A. mission that needs to be completed quickly. Who’s the mole? When will Saul (Mandy Patinkin) stop doubting Carrie? In “Homeland” (as in “24,” also from the executive producer Howard Gordon) we look forward to the questions almost as much as to the answers. In the meantime, there’s more than enough pleasure to be had from the cast to keep us interested. Mr. Abraham and Mr. Patinkin, as his   C. I. A. colleague Saul, have perfected their partnership: Their scenes together are little masterpieces of gamesmanship and exasperation. Mr. Friend’s performance of   addiction may not convince every viewer, but it is, counterintuitively, fun to watch  —   he brings the same edge of sardonic humor to Quinn the junkie that he brought to Quinn the killing machine in past seasons. And Ms. Danes continues to deliver an interesting and sympathetic portrayal of a character whose trademark is her lack of humor. That’s a far more impressive trick than telling the future.",0
8605,"Equal Parenting Rights, A synopsis of the facts","License DMCA In a recent advancement, 12 men are in the process of going legal against the state of Utah in the Federal court challenging a law which allows mothers to put their babies up for adoption without the biological father's consent, or knowledge.
Our family court system must re-access this provision and make amendments in a way that establishes the fact that fathers are an integral part of a child's life. Every other weekend and one night a week is not a parent child relationship for sure and hence, cannot be considered as equal parenting. Until the courts cease ordering visitation and start affiliating the fathers with the same rights as mothers, children of divorce will continue to suffer. 
Children's best interest lies in equal parenting. Even after a couple goes through a divorce, equal parenting must be advocated for children's best interest. Some reasons for this are listed below; Fatherless children are at a dramatically greater risk of drug and alcohol abuse, mental illness, suicide, poor educational performance, teen pregnancy, and criminality."" Source: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, National Center for Health Statistics, Survey on Child Health, Washington, DC, 1993. ""Teenagers living in single-parent households are more likely to abuse alcohol and at an earlier age compared to children reared in two-parent households."" Source: Terry E. Duncan, Susan C. Duncan and Hyman Hops, ""The Effects of Family Cohesiveness and Peer Encouragement on the Development of Adolescent Alcohol Use: A Cohort-Sequential Approach to the Analysis of Longitudinal Data"", Journal of Studies on Alcohol 55 (1994). ""The absence of the father in the home affects significantly the behavior of adolescents and results in the greater use of alcohol and marijuana."" Source: Deane Scott Berman ""Risk Factors Leading to Adolescent Substance Abuse"", Adolescence 30 (1995) Researchers in Michigan determined that ""49 percent of all child abuse cases are committed by single mothers."" Source: Joan Dotson and Sharon Shay, ""A Study of Child Abuse in Lansing, Michigan"", Child Abuse and Neglect, 8 (1984). 
Such studies and reports as mentioned above are many and we will provide additional data in future articles. We started Fathers4Justice in an effort to garner Father's rights against the corrupt courts and address the concerns regarding the family law, including child custody and child support that affect fathers and their children. There is a serious need for a change of the law since a decision about a child's future, its well-being cannot and should not be taken by the mother alone. It's high time that equal parenting rights must be brought into implementation. - Advertisement -",0
8606,هل تلتزم واشنطن بقواعد اللعبة في سوريا؟ - RT Arabic,"هل تلتزم واشنطن بقواعد اللعبة في سوريا؟ 
تاريخ النشر: 26.10.2016 | 12:20 GMT | أعلنت هيئة الأركان للقوات المسلحة الروسية 25 أكتوبر/تشرين الأول، عن تمديد تعليق ضربات القوات الجوية الفضائية الروسية في محيط حلب، والذي دخل حيز التنفيذ يوم 18 أكتوبر/تشرين الأول. 
وتواصل روسيا اتخاذ خطوات أحادية الجانب ترمي إلى تخفيف الأزمة الإنسانية في حلب. 
وسبق للولايات المتحدة وروسيا أن قامتا بمحاولات مشتركة للتأثير على أطراف النزاع: على دمشق من جهة، وعلى فصائل المعارضة السورية من جهة أخرى. لكن تنفيذ الاتفاقات الروسية الأمريكية بهذا الشأن حمل طابعا أحاديا بقدر كبير، إذ لم تتمكن الولايات المتحدة من إقناع المعارضين بالوفاء بالاتفاقات بشكل كامل. 
هدنة فبراير 
في يوم 22 فبراير/شباط عام 2016، أعلنت روسيا والولايات المتحدة عن نظام وقف إطلاق نار بسوريا، دخل حيز التنفيذ يوم 27 من الشهر نفسه. وبحلول هذا الموعد، انضمت القوات السورية الحكومية إلى الهدنة. RT 
لكن واشنطن لم تتمكن من ضمان التزام إلا جزء معين مما يسمى بـ""المعارضة المعتدلة""، بشروط الهدنة. وواصل 20 فصيلا مسلحا آخر العمليات القتالية، متجاهلة الاتفاقات الروسية الأمريكية. 
وحسب بيانات من المصادر المفتوحة، سُجّل في الفترة بين 27 فبراير/شباط و1 سبتمبر/أيلول عام 2016، 2031 خرقا للهدنة، ما أدى إلى مقتل ما يربو عن 3500 عسكري من الجيش السوري وقرابة 13 ألف مدني. كما أصيب جراء تلك الهجمات قرابة 9 آلاف عسكري وما يربو عن 25.5 ألف مدني بجروح مختلفة. 
في سياق تبادل المعلومات حول فصائل المعارضة بسوريا، قدم الجانب الروسي قائمة بـ47 فصيلا. أما القائمة التي قدمها الجانب الأمريكي، فضمت 138 فصيلا. ومن قائمة ""المعتدلين"" التابعة للعسكريين الأمريكيين، كان فصيلان اثنان يتبعان تنظيم ""داعش""، و8 فصائل أخرى كانت تدخل في قوام التحالف بقيادة ""جبهة النصرة"". RT 
ولم تقدم واشنطن أي معلومات حول حدود المناطق التي تنشط فيها ""الفصائل المعتدلة"" في قوام ""جبهة النصرة""، ولم يتم الفصل بين الإرهابيين والمعارضين حتى الآن. 
وخلال الفترة التي مضت على دخول الهدنة حيز التنفيذ، تمكن المسلحون من استعادة قدراتهم القتالية، وواصلوا هجماتهم على الجيش السوري والهجمات الإرهابية ضد المدنيين. RT 
وحسب المعلومات المتوفرة، كانت القوات الجوية الفضائية الروسية توجه يوميا ما يصل إلى 150 ضربة إلى مواقع ""داعش"" و""جبهة النصرة""، فيما لم تتجاوز كثافة غارات التحالف بقيادة واشنطن توجيه 15 ضربة يوميا إلى مسلحي ""داعش""، مع تجاهل تام من قبل طائرات التحالف لمواقع ""جبهة النصرة"". 
وسمحت هذه التهدئة لجناح ""القاعدة"" السوري، بزيادة عدد الهجمات الإرهابية ضد المدنيين إلى الضعفين بالمقارنة مع عدد الأعمال الإرهابية في عام 2015. 
وبمساندة القوات الجوية والفضائية الروسية، تمكن الجيش السوري من تحرير 586 مدينة وبلدة من أيدي المسلحين، فيما تم القضاء على قرابة 35 ألف إرهابي 
اتفاقات سبتمبر 
في سبتمبر/أيلول عام 2016، وضع وزيرا الخارجية الروسي سيرغي لافروف والأمريكي جون كيري حزمة جديدة من الاتفاقات الرامية إلى استئناف عملية تسوية النزاع في سوريا. 
ونصت الاتفاقات الروسية الأمريكية على فتح ممر إنساني في حلب، وسحب القوات الحكومية وقوات المعارضة من طريق الكاستيلو، والتخطيط لتوجيه ضربات مشتركة إلى مواقع ""داعش"" و""جبهة النصرة"". RT RT 
على الرغم من تصريحات ممثلي التحالف الذين أكدوا أنهم يتمتعون بتأثير كبير على زعماء فصائل المعارضة، خرقت المعارضة ""المعتدلة"" الهدنة في الفترة 12- 19 سبتمبر/أيلول، 302 مرة، ما أدى إلى مقتل 83 مدنيا، وإصابة 252 آخرين. 
كما بقي الجانب الأمريكي عاجزا عن التأثير على المعارضة من أجل تنظيم إجلاء المدنيين من حلب. وقام المسلحون بتفخيخ المخارج من المناطق الخاضعة لسيطرتهم، ولم يسمحوا للسكان المسالمين بمغادرة المدينة. كما رفض الإرهابيون السماح لقوافل المساعدات الأممية بالدخول إلى المدينة. 
وواصل الطيران الروسي العملية ضد الإرهابيين، وهو كان يوجه ما يصل إلى 150 ضربة يوميا إلى مواقع ""داعش"" و""جبهة النصرة"". أما التحالف الدولي فكان يوجه أقل من 10 ضربات يوميا إلى مواقع ""داعش""، ولم يستهدف ""جبهة النصرة"" على الإطلاق. RT 
على الرغم من أن البيانات المذكورة أعلاه، تدل بوضوح على عجز الولايات المتحدة والتحالف الذي تقوده واشنطن، عن ممارسة أي تأثير على فصائل المعارضة، وهو أمر أدى إلى تردي الوضع الإنساني في حلب، إلا أن واشنطن ألقت باللوم الكامل على موسكو. RT 
أكثر من مرة اتهم الأمريكيون وحلفاؤهم الأوروبيون روسيا بانتهاك التزاماتها، وبالتهرب من المفاوضات، والسعي إلى إحراز الانتصار بسوريا بطرق عسكرية. وأعلنت وزارة الخارجية الأمريكية في نهاية المطاف عن تعليق قنوات الاتصال مع روسيا بشأن سوريا، ولم تحتفظ واشنطن إلا على قنوات الحوار بين العسكريين الروس والأمريكيين من أجل منع وقوع صدامات في المجال الجوي السوري. 
مصادر متطابقة تعليمات استخدام خدمة التعليقات على صفحات موقع قناة ""RT Arabic"" (اضغط هنا) العناوين ",0
8607,Donald Trump Used Legally Dubious Method to Avoid Paying Taxes - The New York Times,"Donald J. Trump proudly acknowledges he did not pay a dime in federal income taxes for years on end. He insists he merely exploited tax loopholes legally available to any billionaire  —   loopholes he says Hillary Clinton failed to close during her years in the United States Senate. “Why didn’t she ever try to change those laws so I couldn’t use them?” Mr. Trump asked during a campaign rally last month. But newly obtained documents show that in the early 1990s, as he scrambled to stave off financial ruin, Mr. Trump avoided reporting hundreds of millions of dollars in taxable income by using a tax avoidance maneuver so legally dubious his own lawyers advised him that the Internal Revenue Service would most likely declare it improper if he were audited. Thanks to this one maneuver, which was later outlawed by Congress, Mr. Trump potentially escaped paying tens of millions of dollars in federal personal income taxes. It is impossible to know for sure because Mr. Trump has declined to release his tax returns, or even a summary of his returns, breaking a practice followed by every Republican and Democratic presidential candidate for more than four decades. Tax experts who reviewed the newly obtained documents for The New York Times said Mr. Trump’s tax avoidance maneuver, conjured from ambiguous provisions of highly technical tax court rulings, clearly pushed the edge of the envelope of what tax laws permitted at the time. “Whatever loophole existed was not ‘exploited’ here, but stretched beyond any recognition,” said Steven M. Rosenthal, a senior fellow at the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center who helped draft tax legislation in the early 1990s. Moreover, the tax experts said the maneuver trampled a core tenet of American tax policy by conferring enormous tax benefits on Mr. Trump for losing vast amounts of other people’s money  —   in this case, money investors and banks had entrusted to him to build a casino empire in Atlantic City. As that empire floundered in the early 1990s, Mr. Trump pressured his financial backers to forgive hundreds of millions of dollars in debt he could not repay. While the cancellation of so much debt gave new life to Mr. Trump’s casinos, it created a potentially crippling problem with the Internal Revenue Service. In the eyes of the I. R. S. a dollar of canceled debt is the same as a dollar of taxable income. This meant Mr. Trump faced the painful prospect of having to report the hundreds of millions of dollars of canceled debt as if it were hundreds of millions of dollars of taxable income. But Mr. Trump’s audacious   maneuver gave him a way to simply avoid reporting any of that canceled debt to the I. R. S. “He’s getting something for absolutely nothing,” John L. Buckley, who served as the chief of staff for Congress’s Joint Committee on Taxation in 1993 and 1994, said in an interview. The new documents, which include correspondence from Mr. Trump’s tax lawyers and bond offering disclosure statements, might also help explain how Mr. Trump reported a staggering loss of $916 million in his 1995 tax returns, portions of which were first published by The Times last month. United States tax laws allowed Mr. Trump to use that $916 million loss to cancel out an equivalent amount of taxable income. But tax experts have been debating how Mr. Trump could have legally declared a deduction of that magnitude at all. Among other things, they have noted that Mr. Trump’s huge casino losses should have been offset by the hundreds of millions of dollars in taxable income he surely must have reported to the I. R. S. in the form of canceled casino debt. By avoiding reporting his canceled casino debt in the first place, however, Mr. Trump’s $916 million deduction would not have been reduced by hundreds of millions of dollars. He could have preserved the deduction and used it instead to avoid paying income taxes he might otherwise have owed on books, TV shows or branding deals. Under the rules in effect in 1995, the $916 million loss could have been used to wipe out more than $50 million a year in taxable income for 18 years. Mr. Trump declined to comment for this article. “Your email suggests either a fundamental misunderstanding or an intentional misreading of the law,” Hope Hicks, Mr. Trump’s spokeswoman, said in a statement. “Your thesis is a criticism, not just of Mr. Trump, but of all taxpayers who take the time and spend the money to try to comply with the dizzyingly complex and ambiguous tax laws without paying more tax than they owe. Mr. Trump does not think that taxpayers should file returns that resolve all doubt in favor of the I. R. S. And any tax experts that you have consulted are engaged in pure speculation. There is no news here. ” Mr. Trump financed his three Atlantic City gambling resorts with $1. 3 billion in debt, most of it in the form of high interest junk bonds. By late 1990, after months of escalating operating losses, New Jersey casino regulators were warning that “a complete financial collapse of the Trump Organization was not out of the question. ” By 1992, all three casinos had filed for bankruptcy, and bondholders were ultimately forced to forgive hundreds of millions of dollars in debt to salvage at least part of their investment. The story of how Mr. Trump sidestepped a potentially ruinous tax bill from that forgiven debt emerged from documents recently discovered by The Times during a search of the casino bankruptcy filings. The documents offer only a partial description of events, and none of Mr. Trump’s tax lawyers agreed to be interviewed for this article. At the time, Mr. Trump would have been   to pay tens of millions of dollars in taxes. According to assessments of his financial stability by New Jersey casino regulators, there were times in the early 1990s when Mr. Trump had no more than a few million dollars in his various bank accounts. He was so strapped for cash that his creditors were apoplectic when they learned that Mr. Trump had bought Marla Maples an engagement ring estimated to be worth $250, 000. It is unclear who first glimpsed a way for Mr. Trump to dodge a huge tax bill. But the basic maneuver he used was essentially a new twist on a contentious strategy corporations had been using for years to avoid taxes created by canceled debt. The strategy, known among tax practitioners as a “   swap,” relies on mathematical sleight of hand. Say a company can repay only $60 million of a $100 million bank loan. If the bank forgives the remaining $40 million, the company faces a large tax bill because it will have to report that canceled $40 million debt as taxable income. Clever tax lawyers found a way around this inconvenience. The company would simply swap stock for the $40 million in debt it could not repay. This way, it would look as if the entire $100 million loan had been repaid, and presto: There would be no tax bill due for $40 million in canceled debt. Best of all, it did not matter if the actual market value of the stock was considerably less than the $40 million in canceled debt. (Stock in an effectively insolvent company could easily be next to worthless.) Even in the opaque, rarefied world of gaming impenetrable tax regulations, this particular maneuver was about as close as a company could get to waving a magic wand and making taxes disappear. Alarmed by the obvious potential for abuse, Congress and the I. R. S. made repeated efforts during the 1980s to curb this brand of tax wizardry before banning its use by corporations altogether in 1993. But while policy makers were busy trying to stop corporations from using this particular ploy, the endlessly creative club of elite tax advisers was inventing a new way to circumvent the ban, this time through the use of partnerships. This was the twist that was especially beneficial to Mr. Trump. Wealthy families like the Trumps often own real estate and other assets through partnerships rather than corporations. Mr. Trump, for example, owned all three of his Atlantic City casinos through partnerships, an arrangement that allowed casino profits to flow directly to his personal tax returns when times were good. But what if times were bad? What if Mr. Trump’s casino partnerships could not repay hundreds of millions of dollars they owed to bondholders? And what if the bondholders were persuaded to forgive this debt? Wouldn’t that force the partnerships  —   i. e. Mr. Trump  —   to report hundreds of millions of dollars of taxable income in the form of canceled debt? Enter the tax advisers with their audacious plan: Why not eliminate all that taxable income from canceled debt by swapping “partnership equity” for debt in exactly the same way corporations had been swapping company stock for debt? True enough, the I. R. S. and Congress had clearly signaled their disapproval of the basic concept. Fred T. Goldberg, who was the I. R. S. commissioner under George Bush, recalled in an interview that the I. R. S. frowned on partnership    swaps for the same reason it objected to corporate    swaps. “The fiction is that the partnership interest has the same value as the debt,” he said. Lee A. Sheppard, a contributing editor to Tax Notes, wrote in 1991 that trying to find a legal justification for this tactic was akin to proving “the existence of the Loch Ness monster. ” On the campaign trail, Mr. Trump boasts of his mastery of tax loopholes and claims no other candidate for the White House has ever known more about the tax code. This background, he argues with evident disgust, gives him special insight into the way wealthy elites buy off politicians and hire   lawyers and accountants to rig the tax system  —   just as, he claims, they rig elections. That insight was on display in 1991 and 1992 when he was laying the groundwork to make a   tax bill disappear. Before proceeding with his plan, Mr. Trump did what most prudent taxpayers do: He sought a formal tax opinion letter. Such letters, typically written by highly paid lawyers who spend entire careers mastering the roughly 10, 000 pages of   statutes that make up the United States tax code, can provide important protection to taxpayers. As long as a tax adviser blesses a particular tax strategy in a formal opinion letter, the taxpayer most likely will not face penalties even if the I. R. S. ultimately rules the strategy was improper. The language used in tax opinion letters has a specialized meaning understood by all tax professionals. So, for example, when a tax lawyer writes that a shelter is “more likely than not” going to be approved by the I. R. S. this means there is at least a 51 percent chance the shelter will withstand scrutiny. (This is known as an “M. L. T. N. ” letter in the vernacular of tax lawyers.) A “should” letter means there is about a 75 percent chance the I. R. S. will not object. The gold standard, a “will” letter, means the I. R. S. is all but certain to bless the tax avoidance strategy. But the opinion letters Mr. Trump received from his tax lawyers at Willkie Farr  Gallagher were far from the gold standard. The letters bluntly warned that there was no statute, regulation or judicial opinion that explicitly permitted Mr. Trump’s tax gambit. “Due to the lack of definitive judicial or administrative authority,” his lawyers wrote, “substantial uncertainties exist with respect to many of the tax consequences of the plan. ” One letter, 25 pages long, analyzed seven distinct components of Mr. Trump’s proposed tax maneuver. It found only “substantial authority” for six of the components. In the stilted language of tax opinion letters, the phrase “substantial authority” is a red flag that the lawyers believe the I. R. S. can be expected to rule against the taxpayer roughly   of the time. In other words, Mr. Trump’s tax lawyers were telling him there were at least six different reasons the I. R. S. would probably cry foul if he were audited. In anticipation of that possibility, the lawyers even laid out a fallback plan that would have allowed Mr. Trump to spread the pain of a large tax hit over many years if the I. R. S. ultimately balked. It is unclear whether the I. R. S. ever challenged Mr. Trump’s use of this specific tax maneuver. According to a financial disclosure statement prepared by Mr. Trump’s accountants, he was under audit by the tax authorities as of 1993, only a year after he avoided reporting hundreds of millions of dollars in taxable income because of this legally suspect tactic. But the results of that audit are unknown, and the agency declined to comment on Monday. Regardless of whether the I. R. S. objected, Mr. Trump’s tax avoidance in this case violated a central principle of American tax law, said Mr. Buckley, the former chief of staff for Congress’s Joint Committee on Taxation, who later served as chief tax counsel for Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee. “He deducted somebody else’s losses,” Mr. Buckley said. By that, Mr. Buckley meant that only the bondholders who forgave Mr. Trump’s unpaid casino debts should have been allowed to use those losses to offset future income and reduce their taxes. That Mr. Trump used the same losses to reduce his taxes ultimately increases the tax burden on everyone else, Mr. Buckley explained. “He is double dipping big time. ” In any event, Mr. Trump can no longer benefit from the same maneuver. Just as Congress acted in 1993 to ban    swaps by corporations, it acted in 2004 to ban    swaps by partnerships. Among the members of Congress who voted to finally close the loophole: Senator Hillary Clinton of New York.",0
8608,Is America On The Brink Of Civil War?,"Is America On The Brink Of Civil War? 11/07/2016 
PJ MEDIA 
Valerie Jarrett—Barack Obama’s closest consigliere who has lived in the lap of luxury in and out of the White House—is calling for James Comey’s head because the FBI director reopened the matter of Hillary Clinton’s emails only days before the election. 
As we all know, Comey did this after some 650,000 digital missives, many from Clinton’s server, were discovered on Anthony Weiner’s laptop by the NYPD. 
Obama, however, is a bit uneasy about Jarrett’s hawkishness toward Comey. 
“Valerie argued that Comey was interfering deliberately in the election process and had to be stopped,” a source told The New York Post . The same source said Obama, though, is “worried about the consequences of taking such an action – the tsunami of outrage that would come his way, and possibly become a major footnote, or worse, in the history of the presidency.” 
Ah, those legacy problems, not that the president has much of one outside the comically named Affordable Care Act, which is about as popular as stomach cancer. 
Nevertheless, he’s right about the tsunami of outrage. In fact it’s an understatement. The bad news is this: As miserable as this endless election season has been, the aftermath is likely to be far worse. You don’t have to be Nostradamus to see that putting the American Humpty Dumpty together again is going to be a herculean task. Our country could be permanently fractured in ways few of us would have anticipated even a year ago. Anything is possible now. 
If Hillary Clinton is elected, the very next day millions of Americans will be watching to see what will happen with the FBI and the Justice Department. Since we can now assume this will be a close election, that would be nearly half the voters in this country, sixty to seventy million people, almost all of whom believe Clinton, the woman a few weeks from inauguration as president, should have been charged with serious crimes and belonged behind bars, not in the White House. 
Moreover, many have seen the WikiLeaks that reek of collusion between the Clintonistas and officials at the FBI and Justice, not to mention with virtually all the mainstream media outlets that were distrusted to begin with and are now reviled. 
If that’s not an explosive situation, what is? And we don’t know what Assange et al have in store for us after the election. Just now we learned that the Clinton Foundation accepted—while Her Ladyship was secretary of State and in honor of Bill’s birthday—an unreported one million dollar donation from that paragon of women’s and gay rights, Qatar. This is chump change in the grand Clinton scheme of things, but another reminder of their unending greed and corruption. More importantly, as Tyler Durden points out, this time there should be legal consequences for the foundation—or would be normally in a country governed by the rule of law. 
Only we’re not anymore. 
This and a thousand other things put Obama, quite possibly liable himself from the email disclosures, and his attorney general Lynch behind a treacherous eight ball going forward, because they are not dealing with a few thousand disgruntled people, but those many millions. If they were to go ahead with Jarrett’s suggestion, take Comey’s head (i. e. fire him) and replace him with a yet more complaisant successor, who knows what would happen? 
But if they don’t, and even if they do, the investigation may reveal things so shocking the nation will never be the same. Rumors have been flying that are so extreme that even a ten percent accuracy rate could ignite a firestorm. 
The problem for all of us is that there is literally nothing Clinton can do to get out of this box, even if, as many predict, Obama pardons her. The corruption is so pervasive there is no way short of an actual military putsch to stop the continuing revelations. And such an action would itself unleash … well, you know the title of this article. 
Would a Trump victory save us from all this? No one knows. Dennis Prager perhaps put it best. When you have two doors and behind one is a man-eating lion and the other one may or may not have such a lion, which door do you choose? Unless you want to commit suicide, the answer is self-evident.",0
8610,A Personal Trainer for Heartbreak - The New York Times,"After a traumatic breakup, Julia Scinto, a fashion designer in Manhattan, found herself searching online sites far and wide, looking for any available resource to help her feel better. “I even considered hypnosis,” said Ms. Scinto, who designs women’s wear for Macy’s private label. Instead, she discovered Mend, an app and online community that serves as part personal trainer, part online refuge for the brokenhearted. On the Mend app, users are introduced to an animated avatar of the Mend founder, Ellen Huerta, and her reassuring voice offers guidance on how to move forward, with topics like “detoxing” from your ex redefining your sense of self  —   even how to get a better night’s sleep. “It’s this charming and endearing voice of a friend,” Ms. Scinto said. “And there’s a line, ‘We never get tired of hearing about your breakup,’ and those words are like an oasis in the desert. ” Geri Dugan, who works as a psychiatric nurse practitioner in Chicago, knows all too well the mixed emotions that come after a love affair ends. After being stunned by a relationship that didn’t work out, she said, she felt like an “emotional basket case. ” Ms. Dugan found Mend through Ms. Huerta’s podcast “Love Is Like a Plant. ” Now, for more than eight months, she has been applying Mend’s daily regime, which includes monitoring one’s   journaling exercises, a Spotify playlist and a book club on Good Reads. She has also navigated through difficult days with support from Mend’s Facebook group. It “really helped normalize the experience,” Ms. Dugan said, adding, “I’m even recommending it to some of my patients going through things like divorce. ” In her Santa Monica, Calif. office, just blocks from the Pacific, Ms. Huerta, 30, with a tumble of dark hair and giant blue eyes, admitted that she had always been drawn to matters of the heart. “Mend started very organically after I went through a breakup,” she said between sips of her   rooibos tea. “I had a lot of resources at my disposal  —   I had supportive friends and access to therapy  —   but I still was having such a hard time moving forward. ” Ms. Huerta, identified by the name Elle on Mend, found online sites that offer breakup advice to be disappointing, with generic insights like “It just takes time” or wearisome directives like “Post a photo on social media of yourself with someone new. ” She said she set out to build a better digital experience for the newly solo, where users could shake their feeling of helplessness and take action. As a former Google employee, she was familiar with the tech field and took her cues from fitness and   apps. “We are taking those parts of our lives very seriously,” she said. “Yet we weren’t doing that with our love lives, which is at the core of who we are. ” Mend started as a newsletter focused on recovering from heartbreak. Now the company is working with Silicon Beach’s highly selective business accelerator MuckerLab (whose portfolio includes tech companies like TaskRabbit and the Black Tux). MuckerLab invested seed money in Mend and assists Ms. Huerta with business development, including product design and marketing. Still less than a year old, the app has been downloaded in more than 100 countries, and many Mend users return for the supportive community, which spills over with tales of solidarity. “One of my personal missions is to erase the shame and taboo of heartbreak as something to just get over,” Ms. Huerta said. One way she addresses that is by drawing on her background in science. (She has a degree in geosciences from Wellesley, and her father is a geophysicist.) She counsels the Mend community that it’s not just emotion that causes a wave of intense feelings, it’s also biology. “It’s different for everyone,” Ms. Huerta said, “but when you go through a separation with someone who you have been intimate with, your body can tell that there’s been a separation. You’re giving off hormones, and they are giving off hormones, over time you become addicted to that source of   hormones. ” She pointed to a 2016 study published in the Frontiers in Psychology journal, in which researchers found that romantic love stimulates the same area of the brain as addiction does, with symptoms like euphoria, craving and emotional and physical dependence. Love’s addictionlike qualities, the study states, have developed in humans to encourage procreation and, thus, our very existence. Although much of Ms. Huerta’s advice for Mend users is grounded either in science or in her own romantic mistrials, and she encourages a range of options, like meditation and   teas, she firmly believes in the magic and mystery of love, which no data, chart or study can pinpoint. It is that belief that will inform a Mend app update scheduled to roll out in the spring. One sentiment remains: “It’s true what they say,” Ms. Huerta said. “Love really is the drug. ”",0
8611,Refugee Launches Lawsuit Against Facebook After Selfie Used for Memes - Breitbart,"Syrian refugee Anas Modamani filed a lawsuit against Facebook after his selfie with German Chancellor Angela Merkel was used in allegedly “defamatory” posts on the platform. [“Mr. Modamani has filed for an injunction in a court in Würzburg, in the southern German state of Bavaria, that would require Facebook to remove any content linking him to terrorism,” reported the New York Times on Monday. “His lawyer,   Jun, says that although his client deleted the photograph and requested that it be taken down in some postings, it still appears on other people’s social media pages and in fake news reports accusing him of having links to terrorism. ”  “I took the selfie because my hobby is taking photos,” said Modamani to The Independent in January. “It was for me, not for other people. ” “I came to Germany because I wanted to live in peace, away from danger,” he continued. “I don’t want anyone to continue using my photo on Facebook. I want to live in peace without any problems. ”",0
8612,Katy Perry Sparks Outrage with Joke Comparing ‘Old Black Hair’ to Obama,"Pop singer Katy Perry is once against facing fierce backlash online after jokingly comparing her “old black hair” to former President Barack Obama. [“Oh, someone says, ‘I miss your old black hair,’” the “Firework” singer said in an Instagram video over the weekend. “Oh, really? Do you miss Barack Obama as well? Oh, Okay. Times change. Bye! See you guys later. ”  Perry has since deleted the Instagram video. The joke, however, did not go over well, with many social media users taking offense to Perry likening her old hairstyle to the first black U. S. president. I’m sure we can all do without @katyperry right ? ?? #Loser pic. twitter.   —   DJ SCREAM (@DJSCREAM) April 30, 2017,  Katy Perry joke was just very tasteless. What does black hair have to do with Barack Obama  …      …      …      …      …    . .just bad.  —   Nia (@faggerella) April 30, 2017,  @katyperry 😒 that was very disrespectful what you said about Obama I’m very disappointed smh,  —   TrE (@dat_leo_mYcAh) May 1, 2017,  Wow Katy Perry. The reference to former Pres. Obama was offensive  a poor, tasteless attempt at humor. Your privilege is showing.  —   Paris C. (@pariscarerra) April 30, 2017,  Katy Perry really fucking tried it with that white ass joke. What does Barack Obama have to do with your dry ass white hair?  —   Ᏸecca🕊 (@MJStarLover) April 30, 2017,  people are not reaching with this Katy Perry   ”joke”it wasn’t outwardly racist but it was a microagression with racial undertones,  —   Kadevin. (@SupaastarJones) April 30, 2017,  @katyperry look at this bald headed scalawag ass bitch. . Your lame ass haircut had nothing to do with Obama. Even ur friends didn’t laugh🙄 https:  .   —   🌹Muva moon 🌙 (@_zolarmoon) April 30, 2017,  katy perry is such a mess first she copied daft punk now she’s got an ugly haircut and is dissing obama omg,  —   miggy (@sehunfat) April 30, 2017,  Wow Katy Perry. The reference to former Pres. Obama was offensive  a poor, tasteless attempt at humor. Your privilege is showing.  —   Paris C. (@pariscarerra) April 30, 2017,  What does black hair have to do with Barack Obama? You’re cancelled @katyperry.  —   Tonio The Divo ♕ (@_JayAntonio) April 30, 2017,  One Twitter user pointed out that President Obama has more Grammy Awards than Perry, who has been nominated 13 times. Sometimes when I think that the world is an awful place, I remember that Barack Obama has more Grammys than Katy Perry, and I feel better.  —   Steph (@stphfrndz) April 30, 2017,  Perry supported Obama’s reelection in 2012. To be sure, not everyone was offended by her joke. @PerezHilton @katyperry y’all twisted this up. she wants Obama back but can’t have him back  …    the same way people want her old hair  won’t get it back   its gone,  —   Jessica (@Jes00sica) May 1, 2017,  Katy Perry meant she wants Obama back and can’t have him same way ppl want her black hair and won’t get it back   …     Christ ppl lol,  —   Wally Szczerbiak (@findingwhitney) April 30, 2017,  Perry has increasingly found herself on the receiving end of online fury for what appear to be innocuous social media posts. Last month, the    star came under fire after posting an image of a Hindu goddess on her Instagram page, captioning the photo “current mood. ”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
8613,What We Know and What We Don’t Know About the Zika Cases in South Florida - The New York Times,"Zika transmission has been confirmed in two neighborhoods in the Miami area, and pregnant women have been advised to avoid both locations. Federal health officials have also suggested that pregnant women and their sexual partners consider avoiding the entire Miami area. Zika infections are also occurring in Puerto Rico and in Latin American and Caribbean countries. • The vast majority of Americans have little to fear from the Zika virus. For almost everyone, including older adults, young children and people with compromised immune systems, it is a mild disease that usually causes nothing more serious than a low fever and an itchy rash. But because it can cross the placenta and attack fetal brain cells, it is dangerous to unborn children. Health officials have emphatically advised pregnant women to do everything they can to avoid it. • Although thousands of Americans have returned from Latin America and the Caribbean with the virus, almost all have recovered within a week or two. A few have passed it to sexual partners, but in nearly all cases, those partners have also recovered quickly. • Once people have had Zika, they are immune to the virus. They cannot get it again or pass it to their child. It is not yet known whether this immunity is for life, but it appears to be  . • People can also pass the virus to Aedes aegypti mosquitoes, which can spread it to other people. So far, that type of transmission has been found only in one small area of the continental United States, in   County. How far it will spread is unknown, but   diseases in that region normally begin to decline only when cold weather kills mosquitoes or makes them dormant. • Although Aedes aegypti mosquitoes have been found in 30 states in the past, it is unusual to find them in large numbers or for long periods anywhere except along the Gulf Coast and in parts of Hawaii. Mosquitoes can pick the virus up from a human during the roughly   period that it is in a person’s blood. •   people in southern Florida are believed to have caught the Zika virus from local mosquitoes. Of those, health officials believe 25 were bitten in or near Miami’s Wynwood neighborhood and five were bitten in or near the South Beach section of Miami Beach. In the remaining cases, some of them as far as 70 miles away, it is unclear where the patients were infected. Most of the   cases were found in local residents, but some were not detected until visitors had returned home to New York, Texas or Taiwan. • Intense   efforts, including aerial spraying, truck and backpack foggers, water treatments to kill larvae and requests to homeowners to empty   containers, have been conducted in the Wynwood area since July. Aedes aegypti mosquito populations there have been reduced, but not eliminated. Control efforts will be intensified in Miami Beach, but aerial spraying cannot be included because the area has too many tall buildings and too much wind. Tourists and residents will be asked to wear repellent, but officials acknowledge that avoiding bites will be difficult because people there often wear shorts and bathing suits. • The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have advised pregnant women to avoid both affected neighborhoods, and also suggested that pregnant women and their sexual partners stay away from all of   County. • Obstetricians in the area have been asked to distribute “Zika prevention kits” to pregnant women. They contain insect repellent, condoms, mosquito nets and other items to help prevent   and sexual transmissions. • No cases of   syndrome, or other immediate but rare consequences of Zika infection, have been detected. Studies from other areas suggest that   syndrome occurs in about one out of 4, 000 infections. The syndrome, a form of ascending paralysis that is usually temporary, can strike anyone but is more common in men and people over 50. • How much of southern Florida now has mosquitoes transmitting Zika is undetermined. There can be long delays between the time transmission starts and when it is detected. Most victims have silent infections and are never tested. When symptoms do occur, they can take three to 10 days to appear. Testing can take another two weeks and then, to confirm local transmission, officials must interview people about their travel histories. The state has many kinds of mosquitoes and only a fraction of the relevant species, Aedes aegypti, need to be infected to sustain an epidemic. In fact, no mosquitoes containing the virus have been found in Florida, but officials said they are not surprised. Finding an infected mosquito is like finding “a needle in a haystack,” officials have said. • How long cases will continue to occur is also unknown. The C. D. C. has said it expects Zika outbreaks to resemble those of similar viruses, like dengue and chikungunya, because they are carried by the same mosquito. In 2009, three dengue cases were found in Key West, the first occurrence of dengue in Florida since 1934. Although the Florida Keys Mosquito Control District rolled out a huge campaign, employing helicopter sprayers, backpack foggers, larvicide and teams of officers, the outbreak lasted two years. During that outbreak, 90 symptomatic cases were confirmed and blood samples showed that 5 percent of Key West had been infected. Key West is a small vacation island with a wealthy, highly educated population.   County has a population of 2. 7 million. • How many of the Florida cases are in pregnant women.",0
8614,Fix Is In: House Committee on ’Russian Hacking’ Includes Only DNC-Hired Tech Experts,"A list of witnesses scheduled to appear at a House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Open Hearing on “Russian Active Measures” contains a glaring problem: the only technical experts scheduled to testify are from CrowdStrike. CrowdStrike is a firm hired by the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and has become the primary source of the narrative about “Russian hacking” of the 2016 election and has acted as a mouthpiece for the Democrats since last June. [The initial witness list released by House Intelligence includes a number of intelligence officials, all appointed during the Obama administration, such as former CIA Director John Brennan, former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, and former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, but the sole technical people on the invitation list are two representatives of CrowdStrike, President Shawn Henry, and the   Dmitri Alperovitch.  Breitbart News has interviewed tech experts who do not agree with the CrowdStrike assessment or Obama administration’s claims that the   hacks clearly committed by Russian state actors, with much criticism aimed at the   Joint Analysis Report (JAR) “Grizzly Steppe” that was released at the end of December. As ZDNet reported after the JAR report was released by the Obama administration on the same day that they announced sanctions against Russia: The JAR included “specific indicators of compromise, including IP addresses and a PHP malware sample. ” But what does this really prove? Wordfence, a WordPress security company specializing in analyzing PHP malware, examined these indicators and didn’t find any hard evidence of Russian involvement. Instead, Wordfence found the attack software was P. AS. 3. 1. 0, an      hacking tool. The newest version, 4. 1. 1b, is more sophisticated. Its website claims it was written in the Ukraine. Mark Maunder, Wordfence’s CEO, concluded that since the attacks were made “several versions behind the most current version of P. A. S sic which is 4. 1. 1b. One might reasonably expect Russian intelligence operatives to develop their own tools or at least use current malicious tools from outside sources. ” True, as Errata Security CEO Rob Graham pointed out in a blog post, P. A. S is popular among   hackers. But it’s “used by hundreds if not thousands of hackers, mostly associated with Russia, but also throughout the rest of the world. ” In short, just because the attackers used P. A. S. that’s not enough evidence to blame it on the Russian government. Independent cybersecurity experts, such as Jeffrey Carr, have cited numerous errors that the media and CrowdStrike have made in discussing the hacking in what Carr refers to as a “runaway train” of misinformation. For example, CrowdStrike has named a threat group that they have given the name “Fancy Bear” for the hacks and then said this threat group is Russian intelligence. In December 2016, Carr wrote in a post on Medium: A common misconception of “threat group” is that [it] refers to a group of people. It doesn’t. Here’s how ESET describes SEDNIT, one of the names for the threat group known as APT28, Fancy Bear, etc. This definition is found on p. 12 of part two “En Route with Sednit: Observing the Comings and Goings”: As security researchers, what we call “the Sednit group” is merely a set of software and the related network infrastructure, which we can hardly correlate with any specific organization. Unlike CrowdStrike, ESET doesn’t assign     to a Russian Intelligence Service or anyone else for a very simple reason. Once malware is deployed, it is no longer under the control of the hacker who deployed it or the developer who created it. It can be   copied, modified, shared and redeployed again and again by anyone. Despite these and other criticisms from technical experts with no political axe to grind, the House Intelligence committee has called no independent cybersecurity professionals to challenge the Democrats’ claims of “Russian hacking” that have been repeated ad naseum by the media. Instead of presenting   to allow the general public to make up their own minds, the House committee has invited Shawn Henry and Dmitri Alperovitch from CrowdStrike, The danger is especially high since the subject involves technical details that the public —  and, frankly, most politicians —  don’t understand and can be easily fooled about. A presentation with no rebuttal at all from other technical experts will lead to even more disinformation being given to the American people. There are a number of reasons to be skeptical of the objectivity of CrowdStrike’s assessments. As Esquire reported in a long profile piece, the DNC specifically used Alperovitch and Henry as part of an   publicity plan related to the hacking in early June 2016: The DNC wanted to go public. At the committee’s request, Alperovitch and Henry briefed a reporter from The Washington Post about the attack.   …     Alperovitch told me he was thrilled that the DNC decided to publicize Russia’s involvement. “Having a client give us the ability to tell the full story” was a “milestone in the industry,” he says. “Not just highlighting a rogue  ’s actions but explaining what was taken and how and when. These stories are almost never told. ” The Esquire piece also indicates that as the election wore on, the Obama administration was also using Alperovitch and CrowdStrike’s claims to push the Democrat narrative that the Russians were behind the attack: On October 7, two days before the second presidential debate, Alperovitch got a phone call from a senior government official alerting him that a statement identifying Russia as the sponsor of the DNC attack would soon be released. (The statement, from the office of the director of national intelligence and the Department of Homeland Security, appeared later that day.) It is worth noting that CrowdStrike and Alperovitch’s story has evolved over time to match a Democrat narrative. In an article in Inc. on June 14, 2016, titled “Why the DNC Hired This Cybersecurity Firm to Fight Russian Spies,” Alperovitch claimed that the purpose of the DNC hack was to expose Donald Trump: On Tuesday, it was revealed that the Russian government is implicated in a security breach of the Democratic National Committee’s computer network, through which opposition research on the bombastic presidential candidate was lifted. “Every world leader is trying to figure out who Mr. Trump is, especially if he’s elected president, and they want to know what his foreign policies would be. Russia is no exception,” says Dmitri Alperovitch,   and CTO of CrowdStrike. His firm was hired to manage the breach. “The actors are also interested in any other information the DNC might have in their opposition research to use it against Trump if he becomes president,” says Alperovitch, who leads the Intelligence, Technology and CrowdStrike Labs teams. There is no justification for a technical expert like Alperovitch ascribing motives to the hackers or making statements about what “world leaders” think. It is simply outside his area of expertise, but the point of the Democrats using Alperovitch and Henry to promote their “Russian hacking” narrative is to provide a technical veneer to their story to score political points. Shawn Henry, the other House witness from CrowdStrike scheduled to testify on March 20 before House Intelligence, said on his LinkedIn page that he also works for NBC News, where he says his role is to “advise NBC News on all aspects of national, homeland, and cyber security, to include   appearances on all NBC, MSNBC, and CNBC News programs. ” He added that he is to “regularly appear on Nightly News, The Today Show, and MSNBC news programming. ” CrowdStrike also has a financial connection to one of Hillary Clinton and the Democrats’ most   supporters in Silicon Valley: Google. In 2015, CrowdStrike raised $100 million in a new round of financing, according to the New York Times, which reported that “the investment was led by Google Capital, one of the technology giant’s venture capital arms, in its first cybersecurity deal. ” As Breitbart News reported, the WikiLeaks releases showed that Eric Schmidt, executive of Google Capital parent company and financier Alphabet, appeared to be working directly with the Clinton campaign. All of this makes the reliance of the House Committee and the media on CrowdStrike disturbing, but even worse, earlier this year, BuzzFeed reported that the FBI did not examine the servers of the Democratic National Committee but, instead, based their assessment on CrowdStrike’s evaluation: Six months after the FBI first said it was investigating the hack of the Democratic National Committee’s computer network, the bureau has still not requested access to the hacked servers, a DNC spokesman said. No US government entity has run an independent forensic analysis on the system, one US intelligence official told BuzzFeed News.   …     The FBI has instead relied on computer forensics from a   tech security company, CrowdStrike, which first determined in May of last year that the DNC’s servers had been infiltrated by   hackers, the U. S. intelligence official told BuzzFeed News.   …     “CrowdStrike is pretty good. There’s no reason to believe that anything that they have concluded is not accurate,” the intelligence official said, adding they were confident Russia was behind the widespread hacks. Despite that claim by an unnamed intelligence official, there is reason to believe that what CrowdStrike has concluded is not accurate. At this point, however, the House Committee and the American people will not see it. Breitbart News has requested an interview with Dmitri Alperovitch, but at press time there was no response. The House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence says that initial witness invitation lists “may be expanded or modified as warranted. ” Follow Breitbart News investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan.",0
8615,"A Celebrity Z-List? Yes, It Exists - The New York Times","When Sofia Richie chopped her hair and visited a doctor’s office recently, Us Weekly was there. Not to be outdone, People heralded Mindy McKnight as “the voice for millennial moms. ” And In Touch offered an “adorable” picture of Sarah Wright Olsen’s infant napping next to a plush rabbit. Meet the striving celebrity underclass that has risen to dominate the gossip machine. Aspiring models,   reality show stars,    actors, YouTube vloggers and viral news subjects can now all curry coverage just by replenishing their social media accounts with photos of their babies, their butts or both. These are people you’ve probably never heard of  —   or have a nagging suspicion you might have, but don’t quite know why. For the record, Ms. Richie is a teenager best known for appearing on Justin Bieber’s Instagram account (not to mention being Lionel Richie’s daughter). Ms. McKnight films hair tutorials on YouTube. And because In Touch didn’t bother to explain who Ms. Wright Olsen even is, I Googled it. Turns out that after a supporting role on the   NBC sitcom “Marry Me,” she now runs a parenting blog. These   have crept onto our radar through our supermarket tabloids and Facebook news feeds, and a crop of publications has emerged to cover them, whether sincerely or satirically. The relentless Instagram gossip outpost The Shade Room airs their dirty laundry, the deliciously absurd podcast “Who? Weekly” pokes fun at their claims to fame, and Time Inc. ’s shiny new digital celebrity site, Instant. me, hopes to build on their brands. It used to be that the only way a   person could land in the pages of the glossy celebrity magazines was to lose 100 pounds, serve as some heartwarming testimony to    American values, or be murdered. But in the early aughts, the magazines started diversifying their coverage of Hollywood’s leading Jens and Bens with stories on the romantic dupes and plastic surgery nightmares of reality television. Now, as the rise of social media demolishes the leverage that celebrity tabloids once had over their most famous subjects, the gossip industry keeps defining celebrity downward. (After all, no magazine can match the reach of Taylor Swift’s more than 90 million Instagram fans or Kim Kardashian West’s 47 million Twitter followers.) When Ms. Kardashian West first rose to prominence, commentators sneered that she was “famous for nothing. ” The accusation seems quaint now: Tabloids have moved on from covering reality television stars like Ms. Kardashian West to following reality TV supporting characters, former reality TV stars, friends and exes of former reality TV stars  —   even people who post their own family dramas straight to YouTube. These days, gossip sites are also fueled by figures largely famous for doing nothing much. Jeremy Meeks, whose image went viral when Twitter swooned for his hot mug shot, has popped up on the websites of Us Weekly and People since his release from prison earlier this year. Instagram models like Ms. Richie, Sahara Ray and Bronte Blampied can milk months of coverage out of a couple of shots of themselves posing with Mr. Bieber. And Refinery29 recently ran a   spread on the “Gucci Gang,” a group of four stylish      Parisian girls whose central accomplishment is attracting a combined 50, 000 Instagram followers. As the de facto crew leader, Angelina Woreth, put it, “It’s easy to hate us, actually, because we are not doing something, we’re not really doing anything. ” Across the web, a new gossip press further enables these lesser celebrity castes. Drama generated by the young stars of YouTube, Vine and Musical. ly churns through nimble aggregation centers like Superfame and Trending All Day. The freewheeling Guru Gossip forum cuts through the glittery facade of online beauty gurus, while Get Off My Internets deflates the egos of the   set. And The Shade Room, a   gossip site focusing on black celebrities, pulls in 6. 1 million Instagram followers. While it posts plenty of news on known quantities (Beyoncé, Drake, Kevin Durant) it recognizes that some of the juiciest material comes from the smaller players (Tameka Harris, Karlie Redd, Keke Wyatt) who keep their names circulating on Twitter by spilling their guts on Instagram. Then there is “Who? Weekly,” the cutting podcast in which the hosts, Lindsey Weber and Bobby Finger, guide listeners through celebrity’s confounding new frontier. The podcast’s name derives from the typical reaction of a layperson to reading a noncelebrity’s name in the news. As the hosts explained in a handy primer published in July, “the subjects of gossip coverage can be divided into two categories: Whos (as in: *furrows brow* Who?) and Thems (as in: ‘Oh, them. ’)” On a recent episode, they take on Brittany Farrar, the   of Aaron Rodgers’s little brother, Jordan Rodgers (who is now dating the “Bachelorette” star JoJo Fletcher) who recently accused Jordan of cheating in a series of Instagram posts. “Why are we still hearing about her?” Ms. Weber asked. Mr. Finger replied: “Because she wants us  —   she did her due diligence in making sure we talked about her. ” And just like that: A Who was born. Legacy media companies are dancing as fast as they can to keep up. In May, Time Inc. debuted Instant. me, dedicated to covering the foot soldiers of social media. Instant sells its subjects  —   a constellation of YouTube creators, Snapchat fitness models and   pets  —   as “The New Famous. ” It’s illustrated with a Tumblr aesthetic (dancing pizzas, glimmering diamonds, waving koalas) and littered with   emoji. The institutional voice is synergetic   like: “We’re hungryyyyyy and these slow cooker chicken tamales from Cooking Light sound amazinggggg. ” (Cooking Light is a Time Inc. property.) The site is sponsored exclusively by Degree, and every few minutes, Instant. me’s social stars jump eagerly into a deodorant ad. Instant’s prerogative is to constantly surface social faces (the recurring segment “Who to Follow” offers dossiers on emerging talents) while inspiring Instant viewers to join their ranks (“Just the Tip,” another segment, gives advice on how to build your own social fandom). A   can watch Instant. me for hours without seeing a recognizable name, and that’s kind of the point. “The goal with Instant is for my grandmother to be able to go onto the site and enjoy herself and get caught up,” Kirstin Benson, Instant’s editorial director, told Adweek in July. Time Inc. has started a kind of   publication on the   just as the internet has atomized celebrity into a zillion tiny fandoms. Few people are typically energized by the generic category of “social media figure. ” They get their kicks by closely following a select few of their favorite stars, the stars’ friends and family, and a network of (often infighting) fans. The obsessive monitoring of all these channels drums up sufficient drama to create an enduring story line, even if only a few thousand people can manage to follow along. Plus, the setup provides fans the illusion of power in determining which Whos become Thems (Blac Chyna, a rap video vixen engaged to Rob Kardashian, is on her way toward   recognition) and which seem destined to fade into permanent obscurity (I’m sorry, Sarah Wright Olsen). But these modern fandoms produce grist for   too. There’s something deliciously surreal about monitoring the online movements of the barely famous, a class of people who are just unpolished, desperate and savvy enough to act mad, sloppy and sexy. The fact that publications like People and Us Weekly are covering it with a straight face adds another absurd layer. Besides, these people are assaulting our social feeds every day whether we like it or not. Outlets like The Shade Room and “Who? Weekly” have managed to extract bits of hilarity, delight and shame out of that arid media landscape. They have intuited what the traditional tabloids don’t quite get: The pursuit of celebrity has emerged as a grand tabloid narrative in and of itself.",0
8616,Management sees woman’s untapped potential to work weekends,"Management sees woman's untapped potential to work weekends 02-11-16 A MANAGER has identified one of his employees as having what it takes to work most weekends. Nikki Hollis, a junior marketing executive, has been working at her current job for just three weeks, but her manager has already singled her out as being what he calls ‘a weekender’. Manager Denys Finch Hatton said: “Nikki has the lack of social life and deep fear of losing her job that will drive her to slog her guts out on more Saturdays and Sundays than she can count. “She is a great fit for the company and has already responded to subtle manipulations to stay late, even on a Friday. “With the right continued guilt-tripping from me, combined with a gradual build-up of workload and stress, I’m confident she has a very bright future working here at weekends.” The company currently runs a rewards scheme for weekend-working employees called ‘Go Hard But Don’t Go Home’, which offers vouchers at an office cafe with the same name. 
Save",0
8617,Crooked Hillary Campaign Used A Green Screen At Today’s Low Turnout Rally In Coconut Creek FL,"  Crooked Hillary Campaign Used A Green Screen At Today’s Low Turnout Rally In Coconut Creek FL When you watch this video of Crooked Hillary's speech from yesterday here in Florida, you will see some amazing things. First, you will see a background section that is in 2-D and not 3-D, like a projected image on a wall would look. Why would that be? Well, that happens in what we call green screen technology, and in this case, poorly done green screen.   26, 2016 Crooked HIllary holds phony rally with pretend background people via green screen 
When you watch this video of Crooked Hillary’s speech from yesterday here in Florida, you will see some amazing things. First, you will see a background section that is in 2-D and not 3-D, like a projected image on a wall would look. Secondly, you see when anyone steps in front of that background, there appears a darkened halo around them. Why would that be? Well, that happens in what we call green screen technology , and in this case, poorly done green screen. Hillary Clinton Rally in Coconut Creek, Florida using green screen: 
Start watching at the 1:03:00 mark to see where Crooked Hillary starts speaking. 
Another salient clue that she used a green screen is that when she turns around to wave to these people, they are mere feet away and yet she shakes hands with none of them. Why, because they weren’t there. Liberal news rag CNN is infamous for pretending to be in a location but in reality it’s nothing more than green screen. CNN did it here , here , and also here . The handheld video camera exposes the lie: 
Look in the viewfinder of the video camera filming Crooked Hillary – it’s black behind her yet in the official video it’s filled with people. Hmm…awake yet, America? 
Lastly, if you look close at the end of the video , you will see the real people behind her with cameras, but then the main group of people behind them are flattened out in 2-D because they are not actually there. Hillary’s rally was uber-tiny so it’s little wonder they had to resort to green screen: Clinton supporters beginning to enter Broward College for Hillary Clinton early voting rally in Coconut Creek #tcpalm pic.twitter.com/8HhLkFltks 
— Eric Hasert (@TCPalmHasert) October 25, 2016 
 ",0
8618,"Suburban G.O.P. Voters Sour on Party, Raising Republican Fears for 2018 - The New York Times","ALPHARETTA, Ga.  —   A gray mood has settled over   voters in some of the country’s most reliably Republican congressional districts, as the party’s stumbles in Washington demoralize them and leave lawmakers scrambling to energize   supporters in a series of   elections. While the next nationwide elections are not until 2018, Republicans have grown fearful that these voters are recoiling from what they see as lamentable conditions in Washington: a government entirely in Republican hands that has failed to deliver on fundamental goals like overhauling the health care system. Early missteps by President Trump and congressional leaders have weighed heavily on voters from the party’s more affluent wing, anchored in    suburbs around major cities in the South and Midwest. Never beloved in these precincts, Mr. Trump appears to be struggling to maintain support from certain voters who backed him last year mainly as a way of defeating Hillary Clinton. Interviews with   voters in four suburban districts  —   in Georgia, Kansas, Minnesota and New Jersey  —   revealed a sour outlook on the party. These voters, mainly white professionals, say they expected far more in the way of results by now, given the Republican grip on power in the capital. In opinion polls, they consistently give Mr. Trump mediocre approval ratings, even as he remains solidly popular with   whites. In the past,   presidents have suffered grievous losses in midterm elections, when their party’s voters have stayed home while the opposition party has marched to the barricades. Former President Barack Obama saw Democrats lose 63 House seats in 2010 after Republicans and disaffected independents stampeded to the polls and grumbling Democrats did not. It is too early to say if the same dynamic is afflicting Mr. Trump. But already, Republicans have strained to prop up their candidates in a pair of special House elections in the areas around Atlanta and Wichita, Kan. both in districts that have voted overwhelmingly Republican in past congressional races. Republicans spent nearly $100, 000 in   ads boosting Ron Estes, a candidate in Kansas, who won a relatively narrow victory Tuesday night as turnout from the party’s voters slumped. Wary national Democrats invested little money in the race, prompting criticism from activists seeking to fight Mr. Trump’s party on every possible front. Republicans may face a tougher test next week in Georgia, where both parties have poured millions into contesting the seat vacated by Tom Price, Mr. Trump’s new health and human services secretary. At a   shopping mall outside Atlanta, Eric Riehm, 48, said he was beginning to question the point of casting his ballot for Republicans. “The vote seems to matter less and less, because nothing can be done, just like repealing Obamacare,” said Mr. Riehm, who works in information technology sales and voted for Mr. Trump. That malaise cuts across regional lines: In the New Jersey district held by Representative Leonard Lance, a Republican, Joe Boyle, 61, said he took a dim view of Mr. Trump but still hoped he would turn things around. Mr. Boyle, who said he usually votes Republican, faulted the party for failing to “do the homework” on health care, and criticized lawmakers for focusing on their own interests instead of forging bipartisan agreements. “It’s all about ‘me,’ not about the better good of the overall population,” said Mr. Boyle, who recently retired as a marketing executive at Johnson  Johnson. Of Mr. Trump, he added: “He’s a mess. ” Where Democratic activists have flocked to   races, hustling to volunteer, donate money and quickly cast their ballots in   periods, Republicans have seen no comparable energy on their side. They have taken special measures to drum up interest: In Kansas, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas held a   rally to draw attention to the race, and Mr. Trump praised Mr. Estes on Twitter on Tuesday morning. But in an illustration of the rising frustration among    Republicans, Mr. Cruz received his loudest ovation when he rebuked his own party. “We have a Republican president, we have a Republican House, we have a Republican Senate  —   how about we act like it!” he demanded. Mr. Estes ultimately won by 7 points, compared with a nearly   victory margin last fall for the district’s previous congressman, Mike Pompeo, who now leads the C. I. A. And the enthusiasm gap between the parties was on vivid display: Mr. Estes won 62 percent fewer votes than Mr. Pompeo did last fall, while the Democratic vote was only 32 percent lower than in November. Should Republican voters remain so demoralized  —   and Democrats so fired up  —   it could imperil dozens of congressional seats that are usually safe. Midterm elections typically turn on which party is more enthusiastic about sending a message in the past special elections have served as political omens, like when former Senator Scott Brown’s upset win in Massachusetts in 2010 foreshadowed a building conservative wave. Republican anxieties run deeper than just the House. The gloomy environment has hampered their recruiting in a number of   Senate seats, alarming the Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, according to Republican officials who have spoken to him, who insisted on anonymity to describe those conversations. Joel McElhannon, a Republican strategist in Georgia, said intraparty wounds from the presidential race remained raw in areas Republicans badly need to win, making it difficult for them to turn out their voters. “It makes it hard to energize the broader Republican base when there are still these unresolved conflicts,” said Mr. McElhannon, predicting: “You’ll see it in various suburbanized districts throughout the country. ” Far from Atlanta, along the shoreline of Lake Minnetonka, Minn.  —   where the accents could scarcely be more different, but the taste in   cars and   politics is the same  —   voters in Representative Erik Paulsen’s   district voiced a similar sense of unease. Mr. Paulsen has been   easily since managing a victory the year Mr. Obama was first elected president. But Hillary Clinton won his district by 10 points in November, making it terrain that could turn competitive if centrist voters recoil from the G. O. P. That would mean a   insurrection from the type of voters strolling along Lake Street in Wayzata or dropping off their dogs at the Lulu and Luigi grooming parlor, as Jackie Carley did with Tiny Bubbles and Viggo, two of her rescues. Ms. Carley, a   moderate, said she would be more likely to support a congressman who would slow or halt the president’s agenda. “I’m a Minnesota person so I don’t want to be rude, but I’m not a fan,” Ms. Carley, a     said of Mr. Trump. Others were less diplomatic. “It’s a mess,” said Gretchen Gilbertson, 51, a    mother out walking her own dog, Pancake. “Congress can’t get anything done, and our president is a buffoon. ” Ms. Gilbertson vowed to do whatever she could to send Mr. Trump a message of disapproval in next year’s election. Paul Anderson, a state senator from nearby Plymouth, Minn. said voters there would judge their congressman on his own record. But for Mr. Paulsen to win   Mr. Anderson suggested, he would probably “have to separate himself at some point from Trump. ” It remains to be seen if Democrats can fully exploit the turbulent environment. They hoped last fall that Mr. Trump’s unpopularity would drag down   Republican candidates across the country, but the party won full control of government. And Democrats may face a tricky balancing act if the explosion of energy on the left collides with the native sensitivities of the    districts they aim to win. Representative Josh Gottheimer, a moderate Democrat who captured a   seat in the New Jersey suburbs last November, said he believed even some conservatives would be “  to voting for Democrats, with the right approach. ” “You have to find a very     approach and one that is not ideologically rigid on either side,” Mr. Gottheimer said. “People are so fired up on the left, too, you have to make sure you are responsive there as well. ” In Georgia, the Democrat running for Congress, Jon Ossoff, has tried to walk that line, promising in ads to check Mr. Trump’s power, while also pledging to cut wasteful spending. He faces a fractious array of Republicans in an open primary on Tuesday. While the district easily   Mr. Price, Mr. Trump barely carried it against Mrs. Clinton. Strolling briskly past Banana Republic and Orvis storefronts, Helen Thompson, 72, said she was dismayed that Republican disorder had endangered the seat. “I think the Republican Party needs to get together  —   they need to get their    together,” she said. “I love Donald Trump, but I just wish he’d keep his mouth shut sometimes and I wish he’d listen to the people who know what they’re doing. ” Ms. Thompson, who worked at a brokerage firm before retiring, said she had voted early in the special election for Dan Moody, a former state senator, from a throng of candidates that includes Karen Handel, a former county commissioner in Fulton County, and Judson Hill, a former state senator. Other voters were less committed: Edward Holben, 62, an engineer on his way into Whole Foods, said he was not following the race closely but expected to vote Republican. Yet Mr. Holben said he was turned off by partisan rancor in Washington, and unsure of Mr. Trump’s ability to enact major legislation. He called the attempt to restructure the health care system so inept he was unsure Republicans were ever determined to pass it. “You want a   rating?” Mr. Holben asked of the Congress. “How about a  ?”",0
8619,Best of Luck With the Wall,"Best of Luck With the Wall Share on Facebook Tweet 
A voyage across the US-Mexico border, stitched together from 200,000 satellite images. Directed by Josh Begley. Read more here . [watch video below]",0
8621,"Comment on “Mommy am I Going to Die?” Mom Calls 9-1-1 for Paramedics, Cop Shows Up, Shoots 4-yo Daughter by Suzanne Morrison Dixon","Why isn’t that PIG son of a diseased whore not in jail? Don Duncan 
Shouldn’t you post the follow up with this? SFCRetired 
If they are so in fear for their lives that they must shoot every family pet that approaches them, they need to find themselves another job. Suzanne Morrison Dixon 
Ain’t that the truth! I understand that some dogs are protective and can be aggressive, especially when something chaotic is happening in front of them. So, had the officer shot the little girl and killed her, would people be outraged? Or, would the officer be defended? I have no doubt there would be any accountability and people would say “He was just doing his job. His life was in danger. He feared for his life.” Give me a break! I agree with you though! Cops should never shoot their guns for any other reason than to injure, or kill and ONLY if their lives are really in danger. We have way too many trigger happy cops that shoot first and ask questions later. Sad thing is, this is what they are being taught to do. I know a few people who dropped out of BLET because of what they were being taught to do. They were also taught how to shoot and kill and how to make it justified. One of the BLET teachers was actually fired because of things he was saying and teaching his students to do. A student actually voice recorded him during class and when the accusation came out, before anyone knew about the voice recording, the officer teacher, the sherrifs dept. and the community, said that it was preposterous these accusations were being made against one of the most dedicated, and long time serving, officer. Then, when the recordings were released, people were just soooo shocked and couldn’t believe it! I mean, officers are honest and would never do things like lie and commit illegal activities, or cover up things, or plant evidence, or commit murder, or sexually assault women. No, because all cops are good and everything they do is justified. People need to wake up and smell the coffee. There are plenty of amazing officers who take their position seriously and live by their oath. But there are also lots of cops who are horrible people. Who are criminals with a badge and a license to kill, who have no damn place being a cop. Cops are human beings just like everyone else….they definitely can already be corrupt, or become corrupt. There are way too many cops out there who feel they are above the law. Sgt. Grimsley USMC 
The officer has not been disciplined??? What? How? Freak accident or not, a little girl got shot. The cop needs to explain himself. Publicly. 2broke4 her 
I cant remember the law as the actual way it goes but in general cops arent liable for there inept actions.. that is why they use the fearing for my life saying! While I was in Denver in 1992 to 1994.. a Black male with a criminal record running away from cops on a foot pursuit, got cornered by one cop in an multiple level Apartment complex. no outlet.. the man stopped put his hands in the air.. he was wearing only, tennis shoes and a pair of shorts.. as witnesses stated and they all said the same thing.. the cop drew down on him..the man turned around slowly with his hands in the air, no weapons on him.. he started begging for the cop not to shoot him.. the cop shot and killed him, while the tenants of the complex watched from their windows.. the cop claimed he feared for his life.. the chief of Police stated it was a good kill and IA cleared him of the shooting.. due to public outcry, 6 months later, the DA submitted to the Grand Jury a murder charge and the Grand Jury came back with a Charge for the DA, murder in the first degree! I left Colorado by then so I dont know the end result! Suzanne Morrison Dixon 
And that happens way too much unfortunately. More of these incidents are being brought to attention thanks to smartphones…It sickens me though that even with proof of what cops have done, they still are hardly ever held accountable. Too many cops play arrestor, judge, jury, and executioner. It is sickening. Social Trending",0
8622,G.O.P. Seeks Criminal Inquiry of Hillary Clinton’s Testimony to Congress - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Republican leaders asked the Justice Department on Monday to open a criminal investigation into whether Hillary Clinton lied to Congress in testimony last fall about her private email server, opening a new front in their   attacks on the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee. The Republican request, five days after the department closed a yearlong investigation into Mrs. Clinton’s handling of classified information in the emails, threatens to shadow her through the campaign and perhaps even into the White House if she is elected. In a letter Monday evening, House Republicans asked the Justice Department to determine whether Mrs. Clinton had “committed perjury and made false statements” during her appearance in October before a special House panel on the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya. The letter was signed by Representatives Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah, who leads the Oversight Committee, and Robert W. Goodlatte, Republican of Virginia, who leads the Judiciary Committee. The Justice Department declined to comment on the request. In a Twitter post, Brian Fallon, a spokesman for the Clinton campaign, called the Republican request “another futile, partisan attempt to keep this issue alive now that the Justice Dept has declared it resolved. ” Mrs. Clinton has said she regrets the decision to use a private email server for official communications as secretary of state, but she has defended the truthfulness of her public remarks. Legal analysts said that while it appeared unlikely the F. B. I. would ultimately find enough evidence to prosecute Mrs. Clinton on charges of lying to Congress, there might be enough to warrant opening an investigation. That alone could prove damaging to her campaign. Republicans have seized on a number of contradictions between what Mrs. Clinton told Congress about her private email server and what the F. B. I. found in its investigation. Mrs. Clinton told the House Select Committee on Benghazi, for instance, that she had turned over all her “ ” emails to the State Department and that “nothing” in the more than 60, 000 emails routed through her private server “was marked classified at the time I sent or received it. ” The F. B. I. investigation found that, in fact, there were “thousands” of   emails that her lawyers did not turn over, and that a handful of emails were marked classified at the time  —   although the State Department now says they should not have been. Still, it would be difficult for prosecutors to show that she intended to mislead Congress  —   a high legal bar  —   and that she should be criminally prosecuted for it. In eight hours of testimony during a marathon   session of the Benghazi committee, Mrs. Clinton was careful to hedge a number of answers about her email system by saying that she was basing her statements on information from her lawyers. “There’s not a snowball’s chance in hell that she’d be convicted of anything,” Rusty Hardin, a prominent Texas lawyer, said in a telephone interview. Mr. Hardin won an acquittal of the baseball pitcher Roger Clemens in 2012 when the Justice Department  —   acting on a similar referral from Congress  —   accused him of lying to Congress about his use of steroids. Mr. Hardin said that “somewhere in that 11 hours, there might be something that turned out wasn’t accurate, but she’d have to be certifiably insane to intentionally mislead them when there’s a criminal investigation going on. ” Michael Bopp, a Washington lawyer who has examined similar referrals from Congress, said that criminal charges against Mrs. Clinton appeared doubtful because of the difficulty in establishing whether she intended to lie to Congress, rather than simply making statements that later proved untrue. “I do think they’re going to feel obligated to open an investigation,” he said, “but it will be difficult to bring a case. ” Republicans sent a separate letter on Monday to James B. Comey Jr. the F. B. I. director, criticizing his decision not to seek criminal charges in the case and asking him to explain his thinking. For Democrats, the threat of another   investigation was more evidence of what they see as a partisan witch hunt meant to derail Mrs. Clinton’s campaign. “The F. B. I. said there was no case, but the Republicans just try and keep it alive,” Henry Waxman, a former Democratic congressman from California, said in a telephone interview. Mr. Waxman, who sought a Justice Department investigation in the Clemens case, predicted that prosecutors would decline to move forward against Mrs. Clinton and that Republicans would then “complain that the Justice Department is acting on political reasons. ” Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, the   Democrat on the Oversight Committee, said that Republicans “are now completely unloading on Secretary Clinton with everything they’ve got  —   right before the presidential conventions. ” It is fairly unusual for members of Congress to refer cases to the Justice Department for criminal investigation. One of the last major referrals came in 2014, when the   House Ways and Means Committee voted to seek a criminal investigation against Lois Lerner, who was a central player in accusations that the Internal Revenue Service improperly targeted conservative nonprofit groups. After an investigation, the Justice Department declined last year to bring charges against her or anyone else. At a hearing last week before the House Oversight Committee, Mr. Comey was asked by Republicans whether Mrs. Clinton’s public statements  —   both to Congress and elsewhere  —   appeared to contradict what the F. B. I. had found. Representative Mark Meadows, Republican of North Carolina, said to Mr. Comey that based on those contradictions, “isn’t it a logical assumption she may have misled Congress, and we need to look at that further?” “I can understand why people would ask that question,” Mr. Comey said. He drew guffaws from some Republicans when he said that while he believed Mrs. Clinton had testified truthfully to the F. B. I. in a closed interview this month, his investigators had not examined the separate question of whether she lied under oath to Congress in her testimony. Mr. Comey told Mr. Chaffetz that such an inquiry would require a formal referral from Congress. “You’ll have one,” Mr. Chaffetz told him. “You’ll have one in the next few hours. ” Like many things in Congress, the referral did not move quite as quickly as predicted. It took the Republicans two business days to put in their demand  —   which, for Congress, was still pretty fast.",0
8623,"Once Again, Justice Breyer Presses Case Against Death Penalty - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Continuing his sustained critique of the American capital justice system, Justice Stephen G. Breyer on Monday issued an unusual dissent from the Supreme Court’s decision not to hear the case of a Florida death row inmate who said his conviction had been based on flawed evidence and false testimony. Justice Breyer did not discuss the evidence against the inmate, Henry P. Sireci. Instead, he again urged his colleagues to reconsider the use of the death penalty, which he said was unreliable, arbitrary and shot through with racism. In the process, he addressed two other recent death penalty cases, from Ohio and Alabama, in which he said the court had also gone astray. In Mr. Sireci’s case, Justice Breyer returned to a longstanding concern, saying the court should have considered whether the inmate’s four decades on death row violated the Eighth Amendment’s ban on cruel and unusual punishment. “He has lived in prison under threat of execution for 40 years,” Justice Breyer wrote of Mr. Sireci. “When he was first sentenced to death, the Berlin Wall stood firmly in place. Saigon had just fallen. Few Americans knew of the personal computer or the internet. And over half of all Americans now alive had not yet been born. ” “Forty years is more time than an average person could expect to live his entire life when America constitutionally forbade the infliction of cruel and unusual punishments,” Justice Breyer wrote. Justice Breyer  has long been troubled  by what he said were excessive delays between death sentences and executions. “It is difficult to deny the suffering inherent in a prolonged wait for execution,” Justice Breyer wrote in a dissent in 1999, adding that “our Constitution was written at a time when delay between sentencing and execution could be measured in days or weeks, not decades. ” In response at the time, Justice Clarence Thomas said he found that argument unpersuasive. “I am unaware,” Justice Thomas wrote, “of any support in the American constitutional tradition or in this court’s precedent for the proposition that a defendant can avail himself of the panoply of appellate and collateral procedures and then complain when his execution is delayed. ” Justice Breyer also used his dissent on Monday in Sireci v. Florida, No.   to explain his thinking about two other cases. He said he would have agreed to hear the case of an Ohio death row inmate, Romell Broom, who had sought to avoid a second attempt to execute him after a first one had gone awry. “Medical team members tried for over two hours to find a usable vein, repeatedly injecting him with needles and striking bone in the process, all causing ‘a great deal of pain,’” Justice Breyer wrote of the first attempt to execute Mr. Broom, quoting a court decision. “The state now wishes to try to execute Broom once again. Given its first failure, does its second attempt amount to a ‘cruel and unusual’ punishment?” Justice Breyer said the question was at least worthy of the court’s attention, and he suggested that the answer was yes. But the Supreme Court on Monday declined to hear the case, Broom v. Ohio, No.  . As is their custom, the justices in the majority gave no reasons for turning down the case. Justice Elena Kagan indicated that she had voted to hear it, but she did not join Justice Breyer’s dissent. Justice Breyer is the court’s leading critic of the death penalty. In a sweeping   dissent last year, he urged the court to take a fresh look at the constitutionality of the punishment. On Monday, he summarized part of his critique. “As I and other justices have previously pointed out,” Justice Breyer wrote, “individuals who are executed are not the ‘worst of the worst,’ but, rather, are individuals chosen at random, on the basis, perhaps of geography, perhaps of the views of individual prosecutors, or still worse on the basis of race. ” He gave one recent example of another case in which he said he would have granted review. On Thursday, he wrote, “this court, by an equally divided vote, denied a stay of execution” to Ronald B. Smith, an Alabama man who was sent to death row after the trial judge rejected the jury’s    vote in favor of a life sentence. Mr. Smith was executed that night.",0
8624,Turkey Seeks to Rid Education of Erdogan Opponents After Coup Attempt - The New York Times,"ISTANBUL  —   The Turkish authorities extended their purge of state institutions on Tuesday, suspending more than 15, 000 employees of the education ministry for suspected links to a failed military coup last week. Shortly after the suspensions were announced, the High Education Board ordered the resignation of more than 1, 500 deans from universities across the country and revoked the licenses of 21, 000 teachers, Turkish officials said. By Tuesday night, the government of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan had either purged or detained nearly 35, 000 members of the military, security forces and judiciary in an effort to remove from the government bureaucracy and   loyalists of Fethullah Gulen, a Muslim cleric whom the government has accused of orchestrating Friday’s coup attempt. Prime Minister Binali Yildirim likened Mr. Gulen’s followers to a “parallel terrorist organization. ” “We will dig them up by their roots so that no clandestine terrorist organization will have the nerve to betray our blessed people again,” Mr. Yildirim told Parliament on Tuesday. The purges of educational institutions are intended to blunt the influence of followers of Mr. Gulen, a rival of Mr. Erdogan’s who has been in   exile in Pennsylvania since 1999. Mr. Gulen has inspired an international network of schools, including more than 160 public charter schools in the United States, which have won grants from the federal government. But Mr. Gulen’s movement has said it has no direct ties to these schools and he has denied involvement in the coup. Western diplomats have criticized Turkey for the sweeping expulsions and arrests in the wake of the attempted coup, urging Mr. Erdogan’s government to remain committed to democratic principles including respect for human rights and for the rule of law. Turkish officials say their response is appropriate considering that the plotters have been accused of trying to kill or capture the president. “It took several thousand soldiers to carry out this coup attempt,” the president’s spokesman, Ibrahim Kalin, said on Tuesday. “We have seen many of them on the streets and there are those that hijacked helicopters and  . Many of those shot at innocent people and blocked the roads. ” “Then there were the generals that planned the coup and declared martial law,” he continued. “It is only natural that we apply the rule of law to arrest these people on charges of treason and trying to change the constitutional order of the country illegally. ” The Turkish government also widened its crackdown on news outlets sympathetic to Mr. Gulen by canceling licenses on Tuesday for a number of radio and television channels. Earlier this year, this Turkish authorities seized Turkey’s most popular newspaper, Zaman, after a court ruling placed it under state control. The newspaper was closely associated with Mr. Gulen and had become fiercely critical of Mr. Erdogan and his government.",0
8625,White Ethnomasochism: The Movie, ,0
8626,"Donald Trump Cuts Consumer Spending by Illegal Immigrants, Laments Federal Reserve Member - Breitbart","President Donald Trump should expand the economy by welcoming illegal immigrant consumers, rather than by boosting Americans’ wages and productivity, says a growing chorus of establishment voices on Wall Street, the federal government, and industry. [“There are millions of [illegal] immigrants living in this country   …     [who] are not going out and shopping,” because of Trump’s enforcement policies, said Robert Kaplan, the head of the Federal Reserve of Dallas, and a voting member of the Federal Reserve which regulates the economy by adjusting interest rates.  “They are staying home,” Kaplan complained during a May 31 presentation at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York. “They’re afraid if they go out they may not come home. ” Advocates for greater immigration rarely describe legal and illegal immigrants as imported customers. But those advocates are often quick to declare that enforcement of immigration laws will reduce consumer spending in the United States, to the disadvantage of businesses. For example, one   advocacy group declared in March 2017 that: The Partnership for a New American Economy (PNAE) for instance, estimates that undocumented [illegal] immigrants wielded $157. 3 billion in purchasing power as of 2014 —  which is money spent in numerous U. S. businesses. The PNAE is a   group run by major business leaders who stand to gain from more imported consumers. That demand for imported consumers is also echoed by Wall Street advisors, such as Mark Zandi, at Moody’s Analytics, who predicted that reduced immigration would lower housing prices. In 2015, Google chairman Eric Schmidt bluntly called on the federal government to import more consumers. “Most stock markets assume modest growth, so how are you over a couple of decades to deal with the fact that   of your [aging] customers are going to go away?   …     Well, one [way] is to produce more customers through immigration,” he said, adding that companies could also grow if they export more products and services. But business will get more consumers in American once a better economy draws more absent Americans from the sidelines and into the economy, said an official at Trump’s Office of Management and Budget. “We do expect consumption growth to be faster going forward than it has been in recent years, but this is more a   of faster economic growth overall spurred by productivity growth,” said an official. “As firms invest more because of the Administration’s policies, labor productivity growth will rise and overall output will be higher.  This is the main source of the increased growth in consumption that we expect,” he added. Business executives and their allies are already complaining that Trump’s immigration policies are nudging up Americans’ wages, as well as reducing consumer spending. For example, Patrick Harker, president of the Federal Reserve of Philadelphia, recently complained that Trump’s immigration policies are forcing up wages by enabling a labor shortage. “We’re feeling real tightness [in the labor market] and part of this is related to immigration policy,” he said. “Tightness” is the term used to describe a shortage in workers in the labor market. In a “loose” market for labor, workers compete against other workers for jobs, so allowing employers to pay lower wages. In a tight market, where there are plenty of unfilled jobs, employers must bargain with employees by offering higher wages and benefits, plus better condition and treatment. That “tight labor market” pressure also prods employers to find, recruit and train marginalized workers, including some of the millions of   men who have quit the labor market since 2008.  A tight labor market also pressures employers to invest in boost their workers’ productivity by buying   machinery, such as tractors, forklifts, and robots. In turn, higher productivity means the employees can be paid more while still creating profits for Wall Street investors. Overall, the economy grows in line with growing productivity and growing population, either born or imported.  The last time the nation achieved a tight labor market was in the late 1990s, just before President George W. Bush largely ended enforcement of immigration in 2001. The head of Trump’s main budget office, former Rep. Mike Mulvaney, recently dismissed business complaints about a tight labor market. Millions of Americans have fallen out of the labor market since the 2000s, he pointed out, saying “if you created economic opportunity and jobs that they want, they would come back. ” “So I’m not worried about the tightness of the labor supply,” Mulvaney told The Wall Street Journal. The OMB official told Breitbart: The participation rate among     averaged 84. 0 percent in 2000, but by 2016 had dropped to 81. 3 percent.  If the same labor force participation rate had obtained in this age demographic in 2016 as it had in 2000, that would imply an extra 3. 4 million people working [and consuming] in 2016.  This is only a rough, but illustrative, indicator of the number of people who could hypothetically be in the labor force if we had maintained the peak participation rate that we had achieved in 2000. In fact, that huge number of missing workers are caused by the   government policies, admitted a top economic advisor to President Barack Obama. “This [dropout] is caused by policies and institutions, not by technology,” said  Jason Furman, an economist who chaired Obama’s Council of Economic Advisors. “We shouldn’t accept it as inevitable,” he told a Brookings Institute expert, Dave Wessel in August 2016. Furman continued: The fraction of prime age men who are working or looking for work has fallen continuously since the 1950s. In the early 1950s, 98 percent of men in that age bracket had a job   …     [or] were actively looking for one. Today, that fraction has fallen down to 88 percent.   …     Understand it is quite large. The difference between a recession and a normal economic period is maybe two percentage points on the employment population ratio   …     so this is something that is more like 10 percentage points   …     The fraction of prime age men who are working or looking for work has fallen continuously since the 1950s. In the early 1950s, 98 percent of men in that age bracket had a job   …     [or] were actively looking for one. Today, that fraction has fallen down to 88 percent. In another measurement, dubbed the “employment to population ratio,” the percentage of   men is stuck at 85. 3 percent, well below the 89. 7 percent rate in 1999, leaving at least 2 million men sidelined and out of sight.  Take a closer look at the   EPOP from today’s #JobsReport with @EconomicPolicy’s Autopilot Economy Tracker https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Teresa Kroeger (@teresakroeger) June 2, 2017,  In April, Kaplan called for the work participation be raised via additional   training of workers  —   not via higher wages that would encourage workers to get their own training. He said: Although the labor force participation rate for   workers is about 88 percent for college graduates and 81 percent for those who have attended some college, it is only 76 percent for those with a high school diploma and only 66 percent for those who have less than a high school diploma. In short, where there is substantial labor slack in the economy, it is highly correlated with segments of the population with lower levels of educational attainment. While there are a variety of reasons for this correlation, individuals in these segments would benefit from additional skills training in order to be more productive members of the workforce. The U. S. employment rate for   men lags far behind the rate in   Germany. During the 2016 campaign, Trump promised to change immigration rules to favor Americans, saying: When politicians talk about “immigration reform” they mean: amnesty, cheap labor and open borders. The   [2013] immigration bill was nothing more than a giveaway to the corporate patrons who run both parties. Real immigration reform puts the needs of working people first  —   not wealthy globetrotting donors. We are the only country in the world whose immigration system puts the needs of other nations ahead of our own. Since his election, Trump has sharply reduced the inflow of illegal immigrants  —   but has not yet penalized companies that employ illegals. He has begun   reforms to the   programs, such as the   program, but has not tried to slow or pause legal immigration. Each year, the federal government provides companies with 1 million new legal immigrants, plus 1 million temporary   such as   and   workers. This inflow loosens the labor market, to the huge disadvantage of working Americans, and especially the four million Americans who enter the workforce each year. For example, the inflow of cheap labor cuts Americans’ wages and salaries by roughly $500 billion per year, nearly all of which is transferred to company owners and investors, according to data provided by the National Academies of Sciences in 2016. Also, the NAS report shows that federal, state and local government provide legal and illegal immigrants with at least $56 billion of taxpayer cash and aid each year, nearly all of which flow back into companies selling food, shelter, autos, retail products, and other consumables. So far, there is no hard data evidence of a national surge in Americans’ wages, despite handwringing about labor shortage by business groups.  But there are a growing number of anecdotes about employers grudgingly raising wages, although mostly for     workers. According to May 31 edition of the Federal Reserve’s “Beige Book”: Labor markets continued to tighten, with most Districts citing shortages across a broadening range of occupations and regions. Despite supply constraints impeding the ability of firms to attract and retain qualified workers, most Districts reported that employment continued to grow at a modest to moderate pace. Similarly, most firms across the Districts noted little change to the recent trend of modest to moderate wage growth, although many firms reported offering higher wages to attract workers where shortages were most severe. A manufacturing firm in the Chicago District reported attracting better applicants and improving retention for its unskilled workforce by raising wages 10 percent   …     Respondents in several sectors [in the Boston region] mentioned tight labor markets. None of our manufacturing contacts reported any significant hiring moves either up or down. A maker of envelopes said that they expected to hire significantly in the near future but not right now. Several manufacturing contacts said it was hard to find qualified workers. A manufacturer of semiconductors and related goods said that they had to raise starting wages to fill vacant positions in New England. A manufacturer of furniture said that retaining new hires was a major challenge as some workers quit within days of being hired. Staffing firms continued to report strong labor demand and tight labor supply. They singled out the following positions as particularly hard to fill: systems administrator, network engineer, and medical assistant. All contacted staffing firms indicated that bill and pay rates had increased  …      Pennsylvania staffing firms have remained very busy since the start of the year. Contacts from staffing firms in labor markets with lower unemployment rates have noted greater wage pressure, while contacts operating in markets with higher unemployment rates report minimal wage pressure  …     [Near Cleveland,] High turnover remains an issue in the freight transportation industry. In order to retain drivers, one firm increased driver pay by 3 cents per mile, equating to a 7. 5 percent wage increase. Attracting qualified applicants for   manufacturing jobs is difficult, and many newly hired workers prove to be unreliable. That said, competition for   workers is strong and is driving up starting wages  …     [In Richmond] Generally, contacts reported labor shortages for computer scientists, computer engineers, data scientists, welders, and technicians. Also, more manufacturers had  difficulty finding quality workers for technical roles. Wages increased modestly for firms in most industries, and employment agencies said that clients had started to increase wages for positions that remained unfilled  …     There are also some anecdotes about companies which respond to wage pressure by buying   machinery  —   much of which is made by Americans workers. According to Bloomberg: At Task Force Tips, which makes   nozzles, a   robot performs a task a person used to do, grabbing a   valve from a miller and handing it off to a mechanized partner that feeds it into the final processor. By adding a dozen bots over the past four years, McMillan said, he’s been able to keep the family business thriving in the face of stiff competition from   countries including China. And the company payroll in Valparaiso, Indiana, has stayed steady at about 250. Task Force Tips doesn’t fire anyone when it brings in a robot, McMillan said. Instead, people are   for jobs such as machine operator or technician. That keeps morale up and allows employees to see the machines as an advantage, gadgets that can do menial chores humans find tedious  …     But many other companies are hoping imported labor can keep wage increases off the table. The Wall Street Journal reported:  Ariens Co. a maker of lawnmowers and snowblowers, faces a bottleneck in its plans to raise production 40%. It can’t find enough workers. The Brillion, Wis. company bused some Somali refugees from nearby Green Bay to help, but they weren’t enough, and it is spending up to $15, 000 a month on recruiting. “We see the demand right in front us,” said Chief Executive Dan Ariens. “It’s very frustrating. ” Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart. com",0
8627,"With Comic Book, Celebrities Pay Tribute to Orlando Victims - The New York Times","The comic book author and screenwriter Marc Andreyko felt unfathomable horror when he heard the news of the June 12 mass shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Fla. Feeling compelled to help, he posted on Facebook a suggestion to create a comic book that would benefit the victims. The result is “Love Is Love,” a   anthology filled with original work by contributors both familiar and unexpected. The book, which will be available Dec. 28, includes pages from the documentarian Morgan Spurlock, the actor Matt Bomer, the comedians Patton Oswalt and Taran Killam, and other entertainers. “I went through my Rolodex  —   to use a word for something that doesn’t even exist anymore  —   and looked for people who I’m friends with and had name value,” Mr. Andreyko said. “I want this book to be in as many hands as possible. ” Proceeds from the book, which will cost $9. 99 and be available in comic stores and for download online (with additional pages) will benefit Equality Florida, which has set up a fund for the victims of the Pulse shooting and their families. Mr. Andreyko, 46, said the inspiration for the book could be traced to his childhood. He fondly recalled the musical acts that came together for benefit concerts such as Band Aid and Live Aid and the song “We Are the World. ” He noted that the format of the book  —   no story is over two pages long  —   had been chosen to help lure contributors who had tight schedules. But Mr. Andreyko found the biggest motivator was the act of expression. “It was therapeutic,’’ he said. “By doing the art, it was purging for us. ” The offerings are diverse: There are stories that directly address the victims, some pinups, wistful ruminations and more. Brian Michael Bendis, one of Marvel’s most prolific writers, teamed up with his oldest daughter, Olivia, to capture a glimmer of a moment from the shooting at Pulse. They came up with a   spread of revelrous dancers and a lone person in shadow looking upon them. “The idea that someone could stand in the middle of that club full of joy and fun and be drowning in madness was something we couldn’t get past,” Mr. Bendis said. Michael Avon Oeming drew the artwork, and Taki Soma colored it. Mr. Spurlock, who is working on a documentary about superheroes for the History Channel, wrote a   story, with art by Kieron Dwyer, in support of the nation’s dedicated police officers. Mr. Spurlock said officers were sometimes tarnished as a group because of the actions of a few. “These guys still have to show up and do their jobs,” he said. One of the most unusual contributions comes by way of J. K. Rowling, who allowed the use of a quote from “Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. ” It serves as a caption to an image of Harry and his friends drawn by Jim Lee, a   of DC Comics. The pairing seemed only natural, Mr. Andreyko said. “If we get the   author on the planet, we need the biggest artist,” Mr. Andreyko said. Mark Chiarello, a senior vice president of art and design at DC, added a watercolor rainbow flag to the drawing. The quote is by Albus Dumbledore, the headmaster of Harry’s school, who Ms. Rowling has said is gay, and drives home the point of the anthology: “Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open. ”",0
8628,Clinton Campaign Circulated Paul Ryan Relative as Possible Supreme Court Pick,"Another reason as to why Ryan tried to sabotage Trump’s campaign? 
Paul Joseph Watson Prison Planet.com October 27, 2016 Hillary Clinton’s campaign circulated the name of one of Paul Ryan’s relatives as a potential Supreme Court pick, suggesting a conflict of interest that could feed in to the Republican Speaker of the House’s dislike for Donald Trump. An email released in part 19 of the Wikileaks Podesta dump features an article sent by Hillary advisor Sara Solow to Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and Hillary’s foreign policy advisor Jake Sullivan on February 29, 2016. The piece draws attention to Ketanji Brown Jackson, a judge on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. “She was confirmed by without any Republican opposition in the Senate not once, but *twice*. She was confirmed to her current position in 2013 by unanimous consent – that is, without any stated opposition. She was also previously confirmed unanimously to a seat on the U.S. Sentencing Commission (where she became vice chair),” reads the email. “Her family is impressive. She is married to a surgeon and has two young daughters. Her father is a retired lawyer and her mother a retired school principal. Her brother was a police officer (in the unit that was the basis for the television show *The Wire*) and is now a law student, and she is related by marriage to Congressman (and Speaker of the House) Paul Ryan.” Earlier this month, Ryan said that he would no longer defend or campaign for Donald Trump. A poll released this week found that nearly two thirds of Republicans trust Donald Trump more than Ryan to lead the GOP. Many Trump supporters speculated that Ryan was involved in the leaking of the infamous Billy Bush tape, in which Trump made lewd comments about women, as part of a plot to sabotage the Republican nominee’s campaign. Could the fact that one of his relatives is being touted as a likely Clinton Supreme Court pick be another reason as to why Ryan – who has been accused by many of being in bed with the Washington establishment – has abandoned his support for Donald Trump? 
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:",0
8629,Dollar’s Decline Will Be the “Wild Card” Play of 2017,"by Peter Schiff, Schiff Gold : 
Next to Donald Trump’s economic policies, one of the most spirited economic debates at the moment involves which direction the dollar will move in the coming months. While Goldman Sachs is predicting the dollar and euro will reach a value equivalency by Q4 of 2017, other analysts see the greenback trending downward next year. 
The dollar has risen 4.4% against the euro and 2% against a basket of world currencies since Trump’s win on November 8, according to Fortune. Big moves within securities and bonds markets since Trump’s victory are creating a general sense of uncertainty, making predicting anything a difficult task. 
But for market veterans like Jim Paulsen of Wells Capital Management and Peter Schiff of Euro Pacific Capital, the dollar’s demise is clear given inflationary anticipations mixed with short and long-term interest rate increases. 
Paulsen recently described the weakening dollar as “the big wild card in 2017,” according to CNBC, and stating, “As inflation expectations go north, that’s a deterrent and a negative for the US dollar,” he said. Underpinning Paulsen’s theory are historical trends in funds rate increases. “There [have] been five major increases in the funds rates since the 1970s, and every one of them, when the Fed raised rates, the dollar came down.” 
Schiff said he sees higher interest rates, stemming from inflationary pressures, as detrimental to the dollar. Despite the spike in bond yields, investors seem to be looking to Trump’s fiscal stimulus and tax cuts to provide demand side pressure, increasing consumer spending. Schiff explains: “So far the stock market is remaining oblivious to the spike in bond yields because they think the stimulus that might result from tax cuts and spending increases will be enough to offset the drag of higher interest rates. I think they are woefully mistaken.” 
Paulsen also sees at a weak dollar providing a good opportunity for international investments. A weak dollar means US exports will be less competitive. Overseas markets could benefit as a result. Paulsen provides his analysis: 
“I think those markets are under-owned, they’ve under-performed for several years … They’re better relative values,” Paulsen said. “They have younger earnings cycles than the more mature cycle in the United States. They’re going to have longer policy support than the United States will.” 
A weak dollar will mean gold is likely to grow in value. Schiff thinks the recent drop if bullion’s price is only a head fake, stating: “people who are betting on the dollar and betting against gold have no idea the impact of higher interest rates. Buying gold and silver in the coming weeks could put investors looking to diversify their portfolio ahead of the curve.",0
8631,It’s Not Just Fox: Why Women Don’t Report Sexual Harassment - The New York Times,"A male colleague grabbing her leg. Another one suggestively rubbing her back. Others at work dinners discussing who they’d want to sleep with. Jane Park talked about experiencing all of this behavior in her career in business consulting and strategy. Never has she reported any of it to human resources or management. “It’s made into such a big deal that you have to make a decision: Do you want to ruin your career? Do you want this to be everything that you end up being about?” said Ms. Park, who is now chief executive of Julep, a beauty company she founded. “What you really want to happen is that it doesn’t happen again. ” Her choice is more common than not, social science research shows. Employers, judges and juries often use women’s failure to report harassment as evidence that it was not a problem or that plaintiffs had other motives. But only a quarter to a third of people who have been harassed at work report it to a supervisor or union representative, and 2 percent to 13 percent file a formal complaint, according to a   of studies by Lilia Cortina of the University of Michigan and Jennifer Berdahl of the University of British Columbia Sauder School of Business. Mostly they fear retaliation, and with good reason, research shows. In response to a New York Times report this month of payouts to women who had accused the Fox news host Bill O’Reilly of sexual harassment, 21st Century Fox, Fox News’s parent company, said: “No current or former Fox News employee ever took advantage of the 21st Century Fox hotline to raise a concern about Bill O’Reilly, even anonymously. ” In interviews, women who worked at Fox said they didn’t complain to human resources because they feared they would be fired. Some women who experience harassment confront the perpetrator or confide in friends or family, the   found. But the most common response is to avoid the person, play down what happened or ignore the behavior. Some don’t report a problem because they don’t think their experience qualifies as illegal harassment. An analysis of 55 representative surveys found that about 25 percent of women report having experienced sexual harassment, but when they are asked about specific behaviors, like inappropriate touching or pressure for sexual favors, the share roughly doubles. Those numbers are broadly consistent with other survey findings. Many victims, who are most often women, fear they will face disbelief, inaction, blame or societal and professional retaliation. That could be hostility from supervisors, a bad reference to future employers or the loss of job opportunities. Their fears are grounded in reality, researchers have concluded. In one study of   employees,   of workers who had complained about mistreatment described some form of retaliation in a   survey. “They become troublemakers  —   nobody wants to hire them or work with them anymore,” Ms. Berdahl said. Paradoxically, official harassment policies and grievance procedures often end up creating obstacles to women’s ability to assert their rights, according to research by   Marshall, a sociologist at the University of Illinois. “That is in part because companies put them into place as mini litigation defense centers,” Ms. Marshall said. “The way employers deal with it is to prepare to show a court or jury that they did everything they could, rather than to protect women in the workplace. ” There are many ways that company cultures discourage people who are harassed from reporting it. Sometimes the harasser is a superstar  —   someone who makes the company so much money that he feels powerful and uninhibited in his behavior because the company has considerable incentive to look the other way. The more someone has a reputation for harassing, the less likely a woman is to complain, Ms. Berdahl said: “It’s natural to conclude that if he’s been getting away with this for a long time, then the organization tolerates it, so why become the problem yourself by going to H. R.?” Other times the human resources department has no interest in helping the employee  —   or there is no such department at all. This is common in Silicon Valley, where companies grow so fast  —   and where disdain for   bureaucracy runs so deep  —   that human resources officials often serve only to recruit employees. In February, a former Uber engineer, Susan Fowler, wrote that when she reported to the Uber human resources department that her manager had tried persuading her to have sex with him on her first official day on her new team, the department declined to take action. It said she could change teams or accept what would probably be a poor performance review from the manager. Uber has a new human resources executive and is doing an internal investigation. Ellen Pao, a former partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield  Byers, described an atmosphere of sexism and harassment at the venture capital firm  —   with little recourse. In fact, it had no human resources department. She sued and lost a   trial. Organizations that are very hierarchical or masculine can breed more harassment, and less reporting of it, according to studies, because gendered power dynamics are a big driver. That’s one reason that harassment has been rampant  —   and underreported  —   in the military. Most sizable companies have policies banning sexual harassment and require some sort of training in what it is and how to report it. But much of the training has been shown to be ineffective, and at worst can backfire. The best way to avoid sexual harassment and ensure that it’s reported when it happens is to bake it into company culture, from the top leaders on down, executives and researchers say. “When you have an effective H. R. department that is supported by leadership, people feel safe about reporting harassment,” said Bettina Deynes, vice president for H. R. at the Society for Human Resource Management, a professional association. “It has a lot to do with the type of H. R. department: The motive is not the legal liability, but the culture you want. ” Culture is a squishy concept, but companies can do concrete things. One counterintuitive idea is to reward managers when complaints of harassment increase in their department, because it means they’re creating an environment where people are comfortable reporting it, according to a frank report published in June by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Here are some other ideas from the commission and researchers in the field: ■ Authorize dozens of employees throughout the organization to receive complaints, so that people can report to someone they’re comfortable with. ■ Hire an ombudsman. ■ Promote more women to positions of power. ■ Train people not in what not to do, but in how to be civil to colleagues, and how to speak up as a bystander  —   and have senior leaders attend the training sessions. ■ Put in proportional consequences, so that   instances can be handled with conversations instead of firings or legal action. Ms. Pao, now the chief diversity and inclusion partner at the Kapor Center, a research, advisory and investment group that tries to make the tech industry more diverse, says she is pessimistic that company cultures will change unless it starts at the very top. “If you could fix the problem, then everybody could move on and thrive,” she said. “But often it’s not just the one bad player, so you may want to get out of the culture. ”",0
8632,Comment on PC Lunacy: BBC cast black Nigerian actress as English queen by josephbc69,"Posted on October 27, 2016 by Dr. Eowyn | 20 Comments 
Yesterday, I watched the first of 3 Netflix DVDs of the 2016 British TV series, The Hollow Crown: The Wars of the Roses — a BBC adaptation of William Shakespeare’s Henry VI and Richard III plays on a turbulent period (1455 and 1487) in English history of foreign and civil wars when two rival branches of the royal House of Plantagenet, those of Lancaster and York, fought for control of the throne of England, while England fought France in the Hundred Years War. 
The TV series boasts an impressive roster of actors, including Benedict Cumberbatch (he’s in DVDs #2 and #3), Hugh Bonneville (of Downton Abbey fame), Michael Gambon ( Harry Potter ‘s Professor Albus Dumbledore), and Judi Dench. 
About a quarter or third into the Hollow Crown DVD, while on an English siege of France, the Duke of Somerset (a leader of the Lancaster “red rose” faction, portrayed by Shakespeare as one of the bad guys) came upon a “fair maiden” in a castle — Margaret, a daughter of the Duke of Anjou. Struck by Margaret’s beauty, Somerset proposed a scheme to Margaret — that she marry the young English King Henry VI, in exchange for the independence from English rule of the French regions of Anjou and Maine. England at the time had conquered and controlled various parts of northern France. 
Long story short: Margaret the “fair” maiden of French Anjou would marry Henry VI and become Queen Margaret, who plotted and schemed with the Lancaster faction. 
Even though the scene of the encounter of Somerset and Margaret was dimly lit and Margaret’s face was partly obscured by a hideous mop of long black hair, I could see what was wrong: Margaret was not a young maiden, but a middle-aged woman. History says Margaret of Anjou was 15 when she married King Henry VI, who was 23. ( Henry VI had become king when he was only 9 months old, upon the sudden death of his father, King Henry V.) Margaret was not fair or beautiful by any stretch of the imagination. Margaret was black, with stereotypical negroid features. 
15-year-old Margaret of Anjou, France, was played by a 47-year-old actress — Sophie Okonedo , a British actress who was born in London of a Nigerian father and a Jewish mother. In an “exclusive” to the UK Express , May 6, 2016, Hollow Crown director Dominic Cooke explained the decision to cast Okonedo in “what is considered to be a traditionally white role,” saying that Okonedo was simply “the best person” for the part: 
“Well, in the theatre we’ve been doing this for donkeys years. I think Sophie is the best person in this country to play that part, I really do. Her visceral power and range is so extraordinary – that’s what I was really looking for. It might be surprising for TV audiences to adjust to the idea that what they are watching is a myth, right. So it’s the best actor and I know from the theatre that that works and I’ve done it many, many times. I don’t think that you can do a piece of work that is about who we are as a society and just have white people doing it. I hope that she is so brilliant in the part that that will be the thing people talk about in the end. I feel we should always be making sure that we’re being open-minded, when making drama, about the casting possibilities. I think the sense of impatience there is in culture about all these issues is actually very healthy. You want the world you’re showing on screen to reflect the world you’re in and we live in a plural world, so our stories have to include the widest possible range of people.” The reporter for the Express article writes: Sophie’s casting comes at a time when the lack of ethnic minorities within the British film and television industry is being called into question. Recall that in the lead up to the 2016 Academy (Oscar) Awards, blacks in Hollywood complained that no blacks were nominated for an acting award. 
Just you wait. 
Any day now, there’ll be a Hollyweird movie with a black actress playing Jacqueline Kennedy. And if you point out that Jackie was not black, but white, you’ll be called . . . . 
You guessed it.",0
8633,Border Patrol Agents Bust Hearse Full of Weed,"Border Patrol agents found tens of thousands of   of marijuana stashed inside a hearse. [Willcox Border Patrol Agents arrested a    U. S. citizen attempting to smuggle 67 pounds of marijuana into the United States from Mexico on Saturday evening, CBP Arizona reported.  Agents working at the State Route 80 Immigration Checkpoint near Tombstone stopped the hearse and after further investigation, decided to inspect the vehicle. During questioning, agents noticed several inconsistencies in the suspect’s story at which point they decided to bring in a Border Patrol   to check the vehicle for possible narcotics. The service dog alerted agents to the presence of narcotics in the vehicle, and after searching the hearse, found multiple bricks of marijuana hidden inside a casket worth an estimated $33, 000. The driver attempted to mask the smell of the marijuana by mixing the bricks in with bags of manure. Border Patrol agents seized the vehicle after placing the man under arrest for alleged narcotics smuggling. Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra.  ",0
8635,GERMANY: Christian priest gets stoned by illegal alien Muslim children shouting “Allahu Akbar”,"GERMANY: Christian priest gets stoned by illegal alien Muslim children shouting “Allahu Akbar” The Ethiopian vicar was visiting the town of Raunheim on the outskirts of Frankfurt when the pre-teens started throwing stones at him. The three Muslim children, aged between 10 and 12-years-old, shouted “Allahu Akhbar” as they threw the stones, the other priest who was visiting from a nearby church said. UK Express Dressed in traditional priest’s gear and wearing a cross around his neck, the 47-year-old was walking to the Russian Orthodox chapel in Frankfurter Straße with a local priest, who wished to remain anonymous, when he was attacked. Both priests tried to take photos of the children with their mobile phones, but the youngsters were too quick and managed to escape. Raunheim social worker Dr Isack Majura said he was going to do everything possible to get hold of the children. He said: “What happened is absolutely unacceptable.” (Get used to it) There have been a number of news reports of Christians facing attacks by Muslims at German camps, such as a case from October 2015 where a convert to Christianity was reportedly beaten unconscious with a baton by Muslim refugees at a camp in Hamburg-Eidelstedt. For example, a report earlier this year revealed that there had been no less than 743 reported attacks by Muslims upon Christians in invader centers in Germany. Yesterday, Express.co.uk revealed pupils at a girl’s primary school in the German ski resort of Garmisch-Partenkirchen are being forced to chant “Allahu Akhbar” and “there is no God but Allah.” A father of a pupil claimed his daughter had been “forced” by teachers to memorize the Islamic chants. Weeks before, parents complained their children’s nursery was refusing to acknowledge “Christmas rituals” such as putting up a Christmas tree or singing carols to accommodate the “diverse (Muslim) cultures” of other pupils. In Germany, Christian refugees have to be separated from Muslim refugees because they are being peesecuted by the Muslims in the asylum centers.",0
8636,Inexcusable Obama admin. abstains from UN vote to condemn U.S. embargo of Cuba,"Print 
[Ed. – Far from striking any blows with this move, the administration actually craps on both U.S. credibility and the making of foreign policy by the U.S. federal government. There were two and only two correct ways to behave in this situation. One, vote against the resolution and veto it on the UNSC. Two, change U.S. policy the lawful way, by putting legislation through Congress and crafting a government agreement to end the embargo. The Obama administration chose to be passive-aggressive — and therefore slimy, weasely, and dishonorable. Exit question: was this betrayal of both the American and Cuban people a signal of what may be in store for Israel , and a pending UN resolution “condemning settlements”?] 
For the first time ever, the United States abstained from voting on a United Nations resolution condemning America’s embargo on Cuba. 
This breaks decades of bipartisan support for U.S. law on the international stage. It shows just how far the Obama administration is willing to take its misguided and ill-informed Cuba policy. 
For the past quarter century, the Castro regime annually introduced a U.N. General Assembly resolution blaming America’s trade embargo for the island’s chronic economic and social problems and calling for the end of the embargo. Until Wednesday, the U.S. has always voted against the resolution, often standing virtually alone in defense of human rights and democracy for the Cuban people.",0
8637,DNC Head Leaked 2nd Debate Question to Hillary,"DNC Head Leaked 2nd Debate Question to Hillary October 31,   
We're not talking about Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the ex-muppet in charge of the DNC who was forced to resign because of the way the DNC rigged the process to favor Hillary. This is Donna Brazile who was brought in to replace her to bring back integrity to the DNC. Since Brazile is another Clinton loyalist, that was never going to happen. 
But the latest leak reveals that Brazile had passed along a second debate question to Hillary. All this just emphasizes how fraudulent and rigged the whole debate process was. 
Another leaked email has emerged showing Democratic National Committee boss and former CNN contributor Donna Brazile sharing a debate question in advance with the Hillary Clinton campaign -- despite Brazile's persistent claims to the contrary. 
CNN announced in a statement soon after the email became public Monday that Brazile had tendered her resignation and the network accepted it on Oct. 14, days after the controversy over Brazile tipping off the Clinton campaign initially broke. 
According to documents released Monday by WikiLeaks, Brazile sent Clinton Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri an email titled, “One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash,” the night before the March 6 CNN primary debate in Flint, Mich. 
“Her family has lead poison and she will ask what, if anything, will Hillary do as president to help the ppl of Flint,” Brazile wrote. 
The following night, Lee-Anne Walters, a mom whose twin boys stopped growing and whose daughter lost her hair during the Flint water contamination crisis, posed a question to both Clinton, the eventual Democratic presidential nominee, and her primary opponent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. 
Clinton responded with a lengthy answer that moderator Anderson Cooper had to twice interrupt in an attempt to keep to the agreed-upon time limit. 
How pervasive is this kind of thing in the process? We're getting a snapshot of how Clinton's people rigged the process and faked the results to favor them at every turn.",0
8638,Rock star Roger Waters said to lose $4m over anti-Israel activism,"  Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Rock star Roger Waters said to lose $4m over anti-Israel activism By Ian Greenhalgh on October 28, 2016 [Editor’s note: This sorry tale of the persecution of a famous musician due to his moral stance against the fascist, racist, genocidal apartheid state of Israel starkly illustrates why so many others choose not to speak out – they know that they will be attacked and it will probably end up hurting them financially, in Water’s case, to the tune of 4 million dollars. As Waters himself said in an interview, celebrities are ‘scared shitless’ to criticise Israel. Ian] Rock star Roger Waters said to lose $4m over anti-Israel activism 
Roger Waters’ anti-Israel activism has cost the British rock star millions of dollars and an American Express sponsorship, the New York Post reported. 
The credit giant took off the table a $4-million sponsorship of Waters’ 2017 tour in North America following his partisan and anti-Israel rhetoric this month at a festival that American Express sponsored, according to the tabloid’s report Thursday. 
“Roger is putting on a huge show. The company was asked to sponsor his tour for $4 million, but pulled out because it did not want to be part of his anti-Israel rhetoric,” an unnamed source from American Express is quoted as saying. 
But an official spokesperson for the firm said it never formally offered to sponsor Waters’ 2017 tour. “When we were approached with the options, we passed on making a bid,” the spokesperson said. 
At the “Oldchella” festival, Waters used his time on stage to blast the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and to call for a boycott against Israel, according to the Post. 
“F - - k Trump and his wall,” Waters said at that event, calling Trump “arrogant, lying, racist, sexist.” He then voiced his solidarity with students protesting for Palestinians. He also urged people to support the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement against Israel. 
Waters did not reply to requests for a reaction by the Post. 
Earlier this year, Waters said during an interview that celebrities are afraid to “speak out against Israel’s policies,” as he termed it, because of what he described as financial consequences attached to doing so. 
“I’ve talked to a lot of them, and they are scared s - - tless. If they say something in public, they will no longer have a career. They will be destroyed,” he said. 
Waters, the 69-year-old co-founder of the classic rock group Pink Floyd, has been widely criticized for his anti-Israel activities and accused of espousing anti-Semitic symbols, though he has denied doing so. 
In a 2013 concert in Brussels, Waters performed on a stage featuring a giant pig balloon emblazoned with a Star of David, among other symbols. 
The Simon Wiesenthal Center called Waters “an open hater of Jews.” And the Anti-Defamation League’s then leader, Abraham Foxman, in an open letter to Waters earlier this month, said his “views on Israel are in fact colored by offensive and dangerous undercurrents of anti-Jewish sentiment.” Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Ian Greenhalgh on October 28, 2016, With 474 Reads Filed under World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . Both comments and pings are currently closed.",0
8639,"Trump Picks Scott Pruitt, Climate Change Denialist, to Lead E.P.A. - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump has selected Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general and a close ally of the fossil fuel industry, to run the Environmental Protection Agency, signaling Mr. Trump’s determination to dismantle President Obama’s efforts to counter climate change  —   and much of the E. P. A. itself. Mr. Pruitt, a Republican, has been a key architect of the legal battle against Mr. Obama’s climate change policies, actions that fit with the  ’s comments during the campaign. Mr. Trump has criticized the established science of   global warming as a hoax, vowed to “cancel” the Paris accord committing nearly every nation to taking action to fight climate change, and attacked Mr. Obama’s signature global warming policy, the Clean Power Plan, as a “war on coal. ” Mr. Pruitt has been in lock step with those views. “Scientists continue to disagree about the degree and extent of global warming and its connection to the actions of mankind,” he wrote in  National Review earlier this year. “That debate should be encouraged  —   in classrooms, public forums, and the halls of Congress. It should not be silenced with threats of prosecution. Dissent is not a crime. ” A meeting on Monday between the   and former Vice President Al Gore may have given environmental activists a glimmer of hope that Mr. Trump was moderating his campaign stance. Mr. Trump told New York Times editors and reporters that he does “think there is some connectivity” between human activity and a warming planet. With the choice of Mr. Pruitt, that hope will have faded. “During the campaign, Mr. Trump regularly threatened to dismantle the E. P. A. and roll back many of the gains made to reduce Americans’ exposures to industrial pollution, and with Pruitt, the   would make good on those threats,” said Ken Cook, head of the Environmental Working Group, a Washington research and advocacy organization. “It’s a safe assumption that Pruitt could be the most hostile E. P. A. administrator toward clean air and safe drinking water in history,” he added. Mr. Pruitt, 48, is a hero to conservative activists, one of a group of Republican attorneys general who formed an alliance with some of the nation’s top energy producers to push back against the Obama regulatory agenda. Fossil fuel interests greeted Mr. Trump’s selection with elation. “Attorney General Scott Pruitt has long been a defender of states’ rights and a vocal opponent of the current administration’s overreaching E. P. A. ,” said Laura Sheehan, a spokeswoman for the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity, which works on behalf of the coal industry. “Mr. Pruitt will be a significant voice of reason when it comes to energy and environmental regulations. ” At the heart of Mr. Obama’s efforts to tackle climate change are a collection of E. P. A. regulations aimed at forcing power plants to significantly reduce their emissions of   carbon dioxide pollution. Mr. Trump cannot unilaterally cancel the rules, which were released under the 1970 Clean Air Act. But a legally experienced E. P. A. chief could substantially weaken, delay or slowly take them apart. Beyond climate change, the E. P. A. itself may be endangered. Mr. Trump campaigned on a pledge to greatly shrink  —   or even dismantle  —   it. “We are going to get rid of it in almost every form,” he once pledged. Mr. Pruitt may be the right man to do that. As attorney general, Mr. Pruitt created a “federalism unit” in his office, explicitly designed to fight President Obama’s health care law and environmental regulations. “You could see from him an increasing effort to delegate environmental regulations away from the federal government and towards the states,” said Ronald Keith Gaddie, a professor of political science at the University of Oklahoma. Although Mr. Obama’s climate rules were not completed until 2015, Mr. Pruitt and a handful of other attorneys general began planning as early as 2014 for a coordinated legal effort to fight them. That resulted in a   lawsuit against the administration’s rules. A decision on the case is pending in a federal court, but it is widely expected to advance to the Supreme Court. As Mr. Pruitt has sought to use legal tools to fight environmental regulations on the oil and gas companies that are a major part of his state’s economy, he has also worked with those companies. A 2014 investigation by The Times found that energy lobbyists drafted letters for Mr. Pruitt to send, on state stationery, to the E. P. A. the Interior Department, the Office of Management and Budget and even President Obama, outlining the economic hardship of the environmental rules. The close ties have paid off for Mr. Pruitt politically: Harold G. Hamm, the chief executive of Continental Energy, an Oklahoma oil and gas company, was a   of Mr. Pruitt’s 2013   campaign. Mr. Pruitt, who grew up in Kentucky, moved to Oklahoma to go to law school. An avid baseball fan, for eight years he   and managed the Oklahoma City Redhawks, a minor league team. He won a seat in the Oklahoma Legislature and opened a small legal office, which he called Christian Legal Services, to challenge government actions that he saw as compromising individual rights. As he ran for attorney general of Oklahoma in 2010, he made clear that he intended to use his power as the state’s top law enforcement official to attempt to force the E. P. A. to back down, convinced that it was wrongly stepping on state government powers. “There’s a mentality emanating from Washington today that says, ‘We know best.’ It’s a     strategy, a    kind of approach, and we’ve got to make sure we know how to respond to that,” Mr. Pruitt was quoted as saying during his election campaign in 2010. But that campaign, once Mr. Pruitt was sworn in, quickly became an opportunity to work secretly with some of the largest oil and gas companies, and the state’s   electric utility, to try to overturn a large part of the Obama administration’s regulations on air emissions, water pollution and endangered animals, documents obtained by The Times show. As attorney general, Mr. Pruitt took the unusual step of jointly filing an antiregulatory lawsuit with industry players, such as Oklahoma Gas and Electric, the   electric utility, and the Domestic Energy Producers Alliance, a nonprofit group backed by major oil and gas executives, including Mr. Hamm. Behind the scenes, he was taking campaign contributions from many of the industry players on his team, or helping deliver even larger sums of money to the Republican Attorneys General Association, which he became the chairman of. Mr. Pruitt’s office also began to send letters to federal regulators  —   including the E. P. A. and even President Obama  —   that documents obtained through open records requests show were written by energy industry lobbyists from companies including Devon Energy. Mr. Pruitt’s staff put these ghostwritten letters on state government stationery and then sent them to Washington, moves that the companies often then praised in their own news releases, without noting that they had actually drafted the letters in the first place. Mr. Pruitt understood that he was being painted as a tool of industry, but in interviews and his own writing, he rejected that analysis, saying that he at times formed alliances with private sector players that shared his views  —   and was determined to help the energy industry and individual citizens in his home state. “It is the job of the attorney general to defend the interests and   of the citizens and state of Oklahoma,” Mr. Pruitt’s office said in a statement in 2014 to The Times. “This includes protecting Oklahoma’s economy from the perilous effects of federal overreach by agencies like the E. P. A. The energy sector is a major driver of the Oklahoma economy. ” Mr. Pruitt repeatedly explained that he thought states themselves were in the best position to regulate local industries, be it oil and gas companies, or other players that might affect the local environment, such as Devon Energy, which has been a contributor to his political causes, and which he has helped push back against federal regulations. With so much at stake, Mr. Pruitt’s confirmation hearings promise to be heated. “At a time when climate change is the great environmental threat to the entire planet, it is sad and dangerous that Mr. Trump has nominated Scott Pruitt to lead the E. P. A. ,” said Senator Bernie Sanders, independent of Vermont, who sits on the committee that must confirm him. “The American people must demand leaders who are willing to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels. I will vigorously oppose this nomination. ”",0
8640,Dan Rather on Trump Policy Shifts: ’Jumping Around Like a Frog in a Hot Skillet’ - Breitbart,"Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” during a discussion about the perceived policy changes between President Donald Trump’s campaign and administration, former CBS “Evening News” anchor Dan Rather likened Trump to a frog “jumping around” in a hot skillet.  Rather said, “In terms of policy, including foreign policy, President Trump has been jumping around like a frog in a hot skillet. He’s reversed himself on any number of things. He questioned NATO and now he’s all in favor of NATO. He said the U. S. military is a disaster during the campaign now he’s for the military. He questioned the Federal Reserve, now he is maybe reappointing the head of the Federal Reserve. There’s a long list of these things. Chinese currency, first he said China is a currency manipulator. Now he says they aren’t currency manipulators. There’s a lot going on behind the scenes. This business of jumping around from place to place. Being unpredictable is sometimes helpful for a leader. But, if you are this unpredictable, you run the risk of running a dysfunctional presidency. That’s what Donald Trump is battling at the moment. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
8641,"In a Walt Whitman Novel, Lost for 165 Years, Clues to ‘Leaves of Grass’ - The New York Times","Readers who picked up The New York Times on March 13, 1852, might have seen a small advertisement on Page 3 for a serial tale set to begin the next day in a rival newspaper. “A RICH REVELATION,” the ad began, teasing a rollicking story touching on “the Manners and Morals of Boarding Houses, some Scenes from Church History, Operations in  . ,” and “graphic Sketches of Men and Women” (presented, fear not, with “explanations necessary to properly understand what it is all about”). It was a less than tantalizing brew, perhaps. The story, which was never reviewed or reprinted, appears to have sunk like a stone. But now comes another rich revelation: The anonymously published tale was nothing less than a complete novel by Walt Whitman. The   “Life and Adventures of Jack Engle,” which was discovered last summer by a graduate student, is being republished online on Monday by The Walt Whitman Quarterly Review and in book form by the University of Iowa Press. A   tale of an orphan’s adventures, it features a villainous lawyer, virtuous Quakers,   politicians, a sultry Spanish dancer and more than a few unlikely plot twists and jarring narrative shifts. “This is Whitman’s take on the city mystery novel, a popular genre of the day that pitted the ‘upper 10 thousand’  —   what we would call the 1 percent  —   against the lower million,” said David S. Reynolds, a Whitman expert at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York. But it also, Mr. Reynolds and other scholars who have seen it say, offers clues to another mystery: how a workaday journalist and mostly conventional poet transformed himself into the author of the sensuous, philosophical, wildly experimental and altogether unclassifiable free verse of “Leaves of Grass. ” “It’s like seeing the workshop of a great writer,” said Ed Folsom, the editor of The Walt Whitman Quarterly Review. “We’re discovering the process of Whitman’s own discovery. ” That transformation was one that Whitman himself wished to obscure. He said little about the early 1850s, when he hung a shingle as a carpenter in Brooklyn and published almost nothing, working instead on what became the 1855 first edition of “Leaves of Grass. ” Later, he all but disowned his successful 1842 temperance novel “Franklin Evans or The Inebriate,” and had little interest in seeing his short fiction revived. “My serious wish,” he wrote in 1882, “were to have all those crude and boyish pieces quietly dropp’d in oblivion. ” In 1891, when a critic was planning on republishing some of his early tales, he was blunt: “I should almost be tempted to shoot him if I had an opportunity. ” That doesn’t faze Zachary Turpin, the graduate student at the University of Houston who found the “Jack Engle. ” In fact, this is the second time archival lightning has struck Mr. Turpin. Last year, he announced the discovery of “Manly Health and Training,” a previously unknown     treatise that Whitman published in The New York Atlas in 1858. “A friend joked that that’s what would be on my gravestone,” Mr. Turpin said. The library of lost American literature includes many “known unknowns,” as Mr. Turpin put it (channeling Donald H. Rumsfeld) like Herman Melville’s “The Isle of the Cross” (the eighth and final novel he may, or may not, have finished) and Whitman’s “The Sleeptalker,” a seemingly completed 1850 novel he discusses in his letters, but which does not survive. Mr. Turpin has made a specialty of looking for the “unknown unknowns,” using vast online databases that compile millions of pages of   newspapers. One day last May, he entered some names and phrases from fragmentary notes for a possible story concerning an embezzling lawyer named Covert and an orphan named Jack Engle  —   one of many entries in Whitman’s voluminous notebooks that the online Walt Whitman Archive had deemed to have no clear connection to any known published material. Up popped the advertisement that included the name Jack Engle. The serial was to run in The Sunday Dispatch, a New York paper Whitman was known to have contributed to. “My   was really tingling,” Mr. Turpin said. Mr. Turpin ordered a scan of the first page from the Library of Congress, which held the only known (and as yet undigitized or microfilmed) copy of that day’s Dispatch. A month later, he was stunned to open a file showing a yellowing page containing “Jack Engle” and other names from Whitman’s notes. “I was at my  ’ setting up a Pack ’n Play, when the email arrived,” he recalled. “From that day until now, I’ve had this simmering inside me. ” The   tale, published in six   installments, may not belong in the American literary canon. “It’s not a great novel, though it’s not a bad read either,” said Mr. Reynolds, the author of “Walt Whitman’s America. ” Mr. Turpin called it “rollicking, interesting, beautiful, beautiful and bizarre,” with antic twists, goofy names and suddenly revealed conspiracies that recall “a   Thomas Pynchon” or even, he ventured, “It’s a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World. ” This may sound a long way from “Leaves of Grass. ” But Jack Engle and the other raffish young male characters, Mr. Reynolds said, are reminiscent of the     persona  —   “Walt Whitman, an American, one of the roughs”  —   he created with “Leaves of Grass. ” And then there’s Chapter 19, which Mr. Folsom called “a magical moment. ” Here, Jack enters the cemetery at Trinity Church in Lower Manhattan, and the madcap plot grinds to a halt in favor of reveries about nature, immortality and the oneness of being that strikingly echo the imagery of Whitman’s great work. “Long, rank grass covered my face,” says Jack, the   narrator. “Over me was the verdure, touched with brown, of trees nourished from the decay of the bodies of men. ” Jack wanders among those bodies of men, copying out the inscriptions of the tombstones of Alexander Hamilton, the War of 1812 hero Capt. James Lawrence (of “Don’t give up the ship!” fame) and other lost lives. Then, he exits onto the streets, where “onward rolled the broad, bright current”  —   and quickly and rather indifferently wraps up his own story. “Throughout the novel, you constantly see Whitman wandering off the plot, looking for life in all the nooks and crannies of the city,” Mr. Folsom said. “With the visit to the cemetery, where all plots end, it’s as if he’s suddenly lost interest in all plots  —   or at least this plot. ” Today, we think of the radically expansive free verse of “Leaves of Grass,” with its wandering “I” who “contains multitudes,” as one of the fixed signposts in American literary history. But in his notebooks from the early 1850s, Mr. Turpin noted, Whitman was toying with other forms for his great work. “You see him asking, Should it be a novel? Or a play, with thousands of people onstage, chanting in unison?” he said. “It’s amazing to think that ‘Leaves of Grass’ could have taken a different form entirely. ” Mr. Turpin said the graveyard chapter put him in mind of “Crossing Brooklyn Ferry,” one of the most famous poems in “Leaves of Grass,” where Whitman declares, “I am with you, you men and women of a generation, or ever so many generations hence. ” But when asked how it felt to be the first in many generations to read Whitman’s   novel, Mr. Turpin reached for another   line. “Whitman said something really great: ‘Nothing is ever really lost, or can be lost,’” he said. “You really do start to believe it after a while. ”",0
8642,IF HILLARY CLINTON IS CHARGED WITH OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE SHE COULD GO TO PRISON FOR 20 YEARS,"Home › POLITICS › IF HILLARY CLINTON IS CHARGED WITH OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE SHE COULD GO TO PRISON FOR 20 YEARS IF HILLARY CLINTON IS CHARGED WITH OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE SHE COULD GO TO PRISON FOR 20 YEARS 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] MICHAEL SNYDER -In the world of politics, the cover-up is often worse than the original crime. It was his role in the Watergate cover-up that took down Richard Nixon, and now Hillary Clinton’s cover-up of her email scandal could send her to prison for a very, very long time. When news broke that the FBI has renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, it sent shockwaves throughout the political world . But this time around, we aren’t just talking about an investigation into the mishandling of classified documents. I haven’t heard anyone talking about this, but if the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice. That would immediately end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life. 
I have not seen a single news report mention the phrase “obstruction of justice” yet, but I am convinced that there is a very good chance that this is where this scandal is heading. The following is the relevant part of the federal statute that deals with obstruction of justice … 
Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsified, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under Title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. 
If Hillary Clinton is sent to prison for 20 years, that would essentially be for the rest of her life. 
I have a feeling that the FBI is going to find a great deal of evidence of obstruction of justice in Huma Abedin’s emails. But unfortunately there is not likely to be a resolution to this matter before November 8th, because according to the Wall Street Journal there are approximately 650,000 emails to search through… 
As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton ’s email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. 
Of those 650,000 emails, an inside source told Fox News that “ at least 10,000 ” would be of interest to the investigation. 
At this point, FBI officials have not even begun searching through the emails, because a search warrant has not been secured yet. The following comes from CNN … 
Government lawyers haven’t yet approached Abedin’s lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not. 
Either way, government lawyers plan to seek a search warrant from a judge to conduct the search of the computer, the law enforcement officials said. 
But the FBI is reportedly already searching a laptop that was co-owned by Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin, and no warrant was necessary for that search because Weiner is cooperating with the FBI. 
Many have been wondering why FBI Director James Comey would choose to make such a bold move just over a week until election day. Surely he had to know that this would have a dramatic impact on the election, and it is unlikely that he would have done so unless someone had already found something really big. In addition, Comey was reportedly eager to find an opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his peers at the FBI. The following is an excerpt from a Daily Mail article that was written by Ed Klein, the author of a recently released New York Times bestseller about the Clintons entitled “ Guilty As Sin “… 
‘The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn’t recommend an indictment against Hillary,’ said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 
‘Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,’ said the source. ‘They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.’ 
According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 
He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
So what happens next? 
In the most likely scenario, the FBI will not have time to complete the investigation and decide whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton before the election. This means that we would go into November 8th with this scandal hanging over the Clinton campaign, and that would seem to be very good news for Donald Trump. 
However, it is possible that once the FBI starts searching through these emails that they could come to the conclusion very rapidly that charges against Clinton are warranted, and if that happens we could still see some sort of announcement before election day. 
In the unlikely event that does happen, we could actually see Hillary Clinton forced out of the race before November 8th. 
Once again, this appears to be very unlikely at this point, but it is still possible. 
If Clinton was forced to step aside, the Democrats would need to come up with a new nominee, and that process would take time. In an article later today on The Most Important News I will reveal who I believe that nominee would be. 
In such a scenario, the Democrats would desperately need time to get their act together, and so we could actually see Barack Obama attempt to delay or suspend the election . The legality of such a move is highly questionable, but Barack Obama has not allowed a little thing like the U.S. Constitution to stop him in the past. 
This week is going to be exceedingly interesting – that is for sure. 
The craziest election in modern American history just keeps getting crazier, and I have a feeling that even more twists and turns are ahead. 
It sure seems ironic that Anthony Weiner is playing such a central role this late in the story, and I can’t wait to see what is in store for the season finale. Post navigation",0
8644,"Seattle Judge Did Not Stop President Trump’s 50,000 Limit on Refugees - Breitbart","Federal District Court Judge James Robart’s ruling on Friday placed a temporary restraining order (TRO) on many elements of President Trump’s executive order temporarily banning refugees from all countries and blocking the issuance of visas from seven Middle Eastern companies. [It did not, however, put a stop to what may be the most significant element of the executive order, Section 5 d, which limited the number of refugees allowed to enter the United States in FY 2017 to 50, 000.  By doing so, even the federal judge who has most broadly asserted powers to limit the executive powers exercised by President Trump acknowledged what legal experts on both sides of the issue have long known: The Refugee Act of 1980 grants the president the sole authority to determine the number of refugees allowed into the country in a year. That spells bad news for   advocates. In the four months and five days since FY 2017 began on October 1, 2016, a total of 32, 968 refugees have legally entered the country. That means that over the next seven months and 23 days that remain in FY 2017, the maximum that can come into the country is 17, 032, or slightly more than 2, 000 month. That contrasts significantly with the 8, 000 plus per month that have arrived in FY 2017 to date, and the 7, 000 per month that arrived in FY 2016, when a total of 84, 995 refugees legally entered the country. Although Washington State Attorney General Robert W. Ferguson’s complaint for declaratory and injunctive relief, filed in United States District Court, Western District of Washington on January 30, criticized all the key elements of the executive order as unconstitutional, his prayer for relief specifically did not request a temporary restraining order halting Section 5( d) which stated: Pursuant to section 212( f) of the INA, 8 U. S. C. 1182( f) I hereby proclaim that the entry of more than 50, 000 refugees in fiscal year 2017 would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, and thus suspend any such entry until such time as I determine that additional admissions would be in the national interest. Judge Robart’s temporary restraining order (TRO) signed on February 3, ordered: (a) Enforcing Section 3( c) of the Executive Order( b) Enforcing Section 5( a) of the Executive Order( c) Enforcing Section 5( b) of the Executive Order( d) Enforcing Section 5( c) of the Executive Order( e) Enforcing Section 5( e) of the Executive Order to the extent Section 5( e) purports to prioritize refugee claims of certain religious minorities. Notably, Robarts did not go beyond the prayer for relief in the complaint filed by the Washington State Attorney General, which was joined prior to his order by the Attorney General for the state of Minnesota, and made no attempt to challenge President Trump’s legal and constitutional authority to set an annual limit on the number of refugees allowed to enter the country. Robarts did take the unusual step to grant the TRO “on a nationwide basis. ” Robarts explained in his order: Although Federal Defendants argued that any TRO should be limited to the States at issue (see Resp. at 30) the resulting partial implementationof the Executive Order “would undermine the constitutional imperative of ‘a uniform Rule of Naturalization’ and Congress’s instruction that ‘the immigration laws of the United States should be enforced vigorously and uniformly. ” Texas v. United States, 809 F. 3d 134, 155 (5th Circ. 2015). Many other important elements of the executive order also remain standing after Judge Robart’s ruling, among them: Sec. 3 (a) Suspension of Issuance of Visas and Other Immigration Benefits to Nationals of Countries of Particular Concern. The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall immediately conduct a review to determine the information needed from any country to adjudicate any visa, admission, or other benefit under the INA (adjudications) in order to determine that the individual seeking the benefit is who the individual claims to be and is not a security or   threat. Sec. 4 (a) Implementing Uniform Screening Standards for All Immigration Programs. The Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall implement a program, as part of the adjudication process for immigration benefits, to identify individuals seeking to enter the United States on a fraudulent basis with the intent to cause harm, or who are at risk of causing harm subsequent to their admission. Sec. 5 (g) State and local jurisdiction involvement, It is the policy of the executive branch that, to the extent permitted by law and as practicable, State and local jurisdictions be granted a role in the process of determining the placement or settlement in their jurisdictions of aliens eligible to be admitted to the United States as refugees. To that end, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall examine existing law to determine the extent to which, consistent with applicable law, State and local jurisdictions may have greater involvement in the process of determining the placement or resettlement of refugees in their jurisdictions, and shall devise a proposal to lawfully promote such involvement. Judge Robart’s past conduct has raised some eyebrows. “According to a video posted on the federal court’s website, Robart said “black lives matter” during a court hearing in August 2016. Citing FBI statistics, he said, “Police shootings resulting in deaths involved 41% black people, despite being only 20% of the population living in those cities,” CNN reported. Then there’s the question of whether he should have recused himself from hearing this case. At his confirmation hearings in 2004, Sen. Orrin Hatch revealed that Robart had done “pro bono work” for refugees. Mr. Robart has exceptional qualifications for the Federal bench. After graduating from Georgetown University Law Center in 1973 where he was the administrative editor of the Georgetown University Law Review, he joined the law firm of Lane, Powell, Moss  Miller, which is now known as Lane Powell Spears Lubersky LLP. Mr. Robart became a partner in that firm in 1980, and subsequently became the   partner and later the sole managing partner —  a position that he holds today. During his time at the firm, Mr. Robart has specialized in complex commercial litigation with an emphasis on class actions, securities, and employment law. He brings a wealth of trial experience to the Federal bench after trying in excess of 50 cases to verdict or judgment as sole or lead counsel, and he has been active in the representation of the disadvantaged through his work with Evergreen Legal Services and the the independent representation of Southeast Asian refugees. The question of recusal was apparently not raised by attorneys from the Department of Justice during the pleadings before Judge Robarts, but it may arise on appeal.",0
8645,"Chart Of The Day: Sorry, Mario! The Printing Press Can’t Fix The Welfare State","Chart Of The Day: Sorry, Mario! The Printing Press Can't Fix The Welfare State By David Stockman. Posted On Monday, November 21st, 2016 
David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
8647,Trump Aides Address His Wiretap Claims: ‘That’s Above My Pay Grade’ - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump has no regrets. His staff has no defense. After weeks of assailing reporters and critics in diligent defense of their boss, Mr. Trump’s team has been uncharacteristically muted this week when pressed about his explosive  —   and so far    —   Twitter posts on Saturday accusing President Barack Obama of tapping phones in Trump Tower during the 2016 campaign. The accusation  —   and the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, and the former national intelligence director, James R. Clapper Jr. emphatically deny that any such wiretap was requested or issued  —   constitutes one of the most consequential accusations made by one president against another in American history. So for Mr. Trump’s allies inside the West Wing and beyond, the tweetstorm spawned the mother of all messaging migraines. Over the past few days, they have executed what amounts to a strategic political retreat  —   trying to publicly validate Mr. Trump’s suspicions without overtly endorsing a claim some of them believe might have been generated by Breitbart News and other   outlets. “No, that’s above my pay grade,” said Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary and a feisty Trump loyalist, when asked on Tuesday at an   briefing if he had seen any evidence to back up Mr. Trump’s accusation. The reporters kept at him, but Mr. Spicer pointedly and repeatedly refused to offer personal assurances that the president’s statements were true. “No comment,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions said earlier in the day. Last week, Mr. Sessions recused himself from any investigations involving the Trump campaign’s contacts with Russia. “I don’t know anything about it,” John F. Kelly, the homeland security secretary, said on CNN on Monday. Mr. Kelly shrugged and added that “if the president of the United States said that, he’s got his reasons to say it. ” Representative Devin Nunes, Republican of California and the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, and Senator Richard M. Burr, Republican of North Carolina and the chairman of the Senate intelligence panel, have said they will add Mr. Trump’s request to   inquiries into intelligence community leaks. But Mr. Nunes and Mr. Burr said they had not seen specific evidence backing up Mr. Trump’s claim. Other Hill Republicans have responded with similar verbal shrugs. Senator John Cornyn of Texas, a member of the Intelligence Committee, said on Tuesday that he “didn’t know what the basis” of Mr. Trump’s statement was. Mr. Trump’s Twitter posts, viewed with amazement outside the West Wing bubble, often create crises on the inside. That was never truer than when Mr. Trump began posting from his weekend retreat at his    estate in Florida shortly after sunrise on Saturday. His groggy staff realized quickly that this was no typical Trump broadside, but an allegation with potentially   implications that threatened to derail a coming week that included the rollout of his redrafted travel ban and the unveiling of the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. It began at 6:35 a. m. with a Twitter post reading: “Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!” Three other posts quickly followed, capped by a 7:02 rocket that read: “How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is  . Bad (or sick) guy!” That led to a succession of frantic staff conference calls, including one consultation with the White House counsel, Donald F. McGahn II, as staff members grasped the reality that the president had opened an attack on his predecessor. Mr. Trump, advisers said, was in high spirits after he fired off the posts. But by midafternoon, after returning from golf, he appeared to realize he had gone too far, although he still believed Mr. Obama had wiretapped him, according to two people in Mr. Trump’s orbit. He sounded defiant in conversations at    with his friend Christopher Ruddy, the chief executive of Newsmax Media, Mr. Ruddy said. In other conversations that afternoon, the president sounded uncertain of the procedure for obtaining a warrant for secret wiretaps on an American citizen. Mr. Trump also canvassed some aides and associates about whether an investigator, even one outside the government, could substantiate his charge. People close to Mr. Trump had seen the pattern before. The episode echoed repeated instances in the 2016 presidential campaign. During the primary contests, Mr. Trump seized on a false National Enquirer article that raised a connection between the father of Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and John F. Kennedy’s assassin, Lee Harvey Oswald. Later, Mr. Trump justified it to skeptical campaign aides by saying, “Even if it isn’t totally true, there’s something there,” according to a former campaign official. Over the weekend, aides to Mr. Trump decided the only real solution to the presidential Twitter posts was to kick the allegations to Congress. On Sunday, Mr. Spicer issued a statement saying that the matter was effectively closed and that the president would not address it again until the intelligence committees had released their findings  —   which could be many months away. But that has not quieted the uproar. Mr. Comey was incensed by Mr. Trump’s accusation because it implied that the F. B. I. had broken the law, and he pressed the Justice Department, unsuccessfully, to deny it. On Tuesday, even as Mr. Spicer was telling reporters that the matter was above his pay grade, he said the president had “absolutely” no intention of taking back his accusations. Mr. Trump has not spoken to Mr. Comey about the matter, Mr. Spicer said, offering a muted response when asked if the F. B. I. director retained the president’s confidence. “I have no reason to believe he doesn’t,” Mr. Spicer said, adding that Mr. Trump “has not suggested that to me. ” Mr. Spicer bristled when pressed by a reporter to weigh in on the veracity of the president’s wiretapping allegation. “I get that that’s a cute question to ask,” he said. “I think we’ve tried to play this game before. I’m not here to speak for myself. I’m here to speak for the president of the United States and our government. ”",0
8648,"Russian Agent Killed Lawmaker in Kiev, Ukraine Officials Say - The New York Times","The assassin who gunned down a prominent Russian opposition figure on a sidewalk in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev was identified by Ukrainian officials on Friday as a    Russian agent. Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to the country’s interior minister, identified the agent as Pavel Parshov, who had undergone “a special course at a school for saboteurs,” he said in a Facebook post. The gunman was himself grievously wounded by a bodyguard for the target, Denis N. Voronenkov, and subsequently died in the hospital. The allegation was immediately dismissed by Dmitri S. Peskov, the spokesman for the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, as “absurd. ” Mr. Voronenkov was a member of the Russian Parliament before defecting to Ukraine last year with his wife, Maria Maksakova, also a politician. He had offered to testify for the prosecution in a criminal case against Viktor F. Yanukovych, the former   president of Ukraine who was driven from office by street demonstrators in 2014. He promised to deliver an insider’s account of the Kremlin’s deliberations and actions during the annexation of Crimea the same year. A former prosecutor before joining Parliament, Mr. Voronenkov had socialized with people in Mr. Putin’s circle, including Vladislav Surkov, a political adviser to Mr. Putin who attended Mr. Voronenkov’s wedding. The Ukrainian National Guard released a statement saying that Mr. Parshov had enlisted and served from 2015 to 2016, before being dismissed for breach of contract. His exact offense was not specified. Critics and opponents of Mr. Putin and his Kremlin cronies have been assassinated in a variety of ways over the years, often in spectacular fashion so as to send a message, Kremlin watchers say. The most celebrated was the poisoning of Alexander V. Litvinenko with a rare and deadly radioactive isotope, polonium 210, administered in a drink in the Millennium Hotel in London in 2006. When the prominent opposition figure Boris Y. Nemtsov was murdered in 2015, his body fell on the sidewalk of a bridge with the Kremlin and the domes of St. Basil’s Cathedral as a backdrop. Sometimes the killings are more prosaic. Numerous potential witnesses to the death of Sergei L. Magnitsky, a lawyer who died of neglect in a Russian prison, have disappeared, been poisoned or suffered “heart attacks” that were later found to be the result of ingesting a rare Chinese herb.",0
8650,BREAKING : Desperate Iraqi Christians PRAY for a TRUMP VICTORY – TruthFeed,"BREAKING : Desperate Iraqi Christians PRAY for a TRUMP VICTORY BREAKING : Desperate Iraqi Christians PRAY for a TRUMP VICTORY Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 7, 2016 Donald Trump is the ONLY one who can rid the world of ISIS. 
After all, Hillary, Qatar, and the Saudis created them, so trust me, with her, ISIS isn’t going anywhere. 
The world knows this – Americans need to understand it as well – Hillary is a foreign policy wrecking ball of failure. 
She’s made a massive mess of everything in the Middle East – Lybia being the biggest DISASTER yet. 
Thanks in large part to Hillary Clinton’s disastrous decisions, we live in a SCARY world. 
She’s destabilized an entire continent (Africa) and caused a massive migration of these refugees, which are destroying Europe. 
…..and now, she wants to go to war with Russia. 
She’s a warmongering NIGHTMARE. 
The Christians people in Iraq who have felt the WRATH of ISIS “get it.” 
They’re praying for a Trump victory. 
Join them in prayer and VOTE. 
If we vote, we win. First mass in over two years in the city of Qaraqosh, Iraq. pic.twitter.com/QrAyqmfifv 
— Ali Ajeena (@AliAjeena) November 3, 2016 
From Express.co 
IRAQI Christians will pray for Donald Trump’s election victory after they condemned US Government for “abandoning” them to the barbaric terror of Islamic State. 
The Christian community in the latest Iraqi town to be freed from ISIS have opened up about how they were terrorised at the hands of the twisted jihadi militants. 
The once-bustling Qaraqosh, which boasted of more than 50,000 Christian residents, was recaptured from the jihadis last week. 
Residents who stayed in the town have described how ISIS told every Christian to pay a massive tax, convert to Islam or face execution… 
…Those who survived the terror have now voiced their outrage that President Obama refused to protect them when Iraq’s largest Christian city fell to ISIS more than two years ago. 
A man in the village said he hopes Donald Trump – a widely favoured candidate in the town – will bring a different approach to Iraqi Christians. 
He told the camera: “Obama has never helped the Christians. In fact, he despises them. In the last 26 months, he has shown he despises all of them. 
“But we have hope in the new president, Trump. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First ! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. ",0
8651,Hillaryous! Huckabee Compares Clintons to THESE Famous Mobsters.,"Hillaryous! Huckabee Compares Clintons to THESE Famous Mobsters. Posted at 4:11 pm on October 29, 2016 by Evie L. 
The Clintons, much like a mob family, have managed to avoid being caught or held accountable for any of its many, serious wrongdoings — except there’s another infamous mob family who bested the Clintons in one particular way. Difference between Clintons and Sopranos? Sopranos didn't leave an email trail. 
— Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) October 28, 2016 
After news broke Friday about the FBI re-opening the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails due to her use of a private and unsecured server, the former Republican Arkansas governor tweeted that the only difference between the Democratic presidential nominee, her husband Bill Clinton and the fictional mob family from the popular HBO series “The Sopranos” was that the Sopranos “didn’t leave an email trail.” Trending",0
8652,Afrofuturism: The Next Generation - The New York Times,"In the September issue of W magazine, Rihanna was cast as Tomorrow, an otherworldly warrior queen and champion of the downtrodden, resplendent in diamonds and foil. A month earlier, at the MTV Video Music Awards, Beyoncé projected a similarly astral vibe. Flanked on the stage by twin columns of attendants, she was a galactic goddess in a white ermine cape. In November, on “Saturday Night Live,” her sister, Solange Knowles, flaunted a   headdress of crystals and   braids, looking every inch a regal visitor from distant planet. Each was in her way a beacon of Afrofuturism, a social, political and cultural genre that projects black space voyagers, warriors and their heroic like into a fantasy landscape, one that has long been the province of their mostly white counterparts. [See more Year in Style articles] Familiar to some, exotic to others, the term refers loosely to an unlikely fusion of parts: Egyptian and other   mythologies, mysticism and magical realism with Afrocentricity, modern technology and science fiction. A freighted concept in more ways than one, it gained traction this year, muscling its way into the pop cultural mainstream via the intertwined worlds of entertainment, art and style. In part, Afrofuturism, an aesthetic dating roughly from the 1970s, has taken on a new public face through a new generation of recording artists  —   Erykah Badu, Missy Elliott and Janelle Monáe among them  —   who have given it not only a voice, but also a look. You will likely know it when you see it: a     of cyborg themes, loosely tribal motifs, android imagery and gleaming metallics that might be appropriate for a voyage to Pluto’s outer reaches. Its latest incarnation seems timely, if not downright inevitable. “With the diversity of the nation and world increasingly standing in stark contrast to the diversity in futuristic works, it’s no surprise that Afrofuturism emerged,” writes Ytasha L. Womack, who chronicled and popularized the evolution of the genre in her 2013 book, “Afrofuturism: The World of Black   and Fantasy Culture. ” “But when, even in the imaginary future,” she goes on, “people can’t fathom a person of   descent a hundred years into the future, a cosmic foot has to be put down. ” The internet has lent the movement a force unknown in previous incarnations. A visual metaphor for empowerment on sites like the Afrofuturist Affair and influential Instagram accounts like Inkrayable_girafe, it permits black men and women to take charge of their image. Today, Ms. Womack writes, “a fledgling filmmaker can shoot his   web series on a $500 DV cam, post it on YouTube, and promote it on Instagram and Twitter. ” Lina Iris Viktor, a   artist in New York who paints queenly   with a futuristic edge, picked up the thread. “The internet democratized the playing field,” she said. “Now the voices you hear are authentically ours. Instead of everybody else telling you stories, explaining to you what our work is about, we are telling you what it’s about. ” An Afrofuturist narrative is embedded as well in a recent flurry of museum shows. On view through November at El Museo del Barrio were the fashion illustrations of Antonio Lopez, a pioneer in the genre whose works of the ’70s and ’80s featured a multiracial cast of robotlike figures and astronauts propelled into a   Tomorrowland. It is a brave new world, as a review in The New York Times noted in June, “in which race and gender were fluid, and existing social inequities corrected or transcended. ” Afrofuturism is a current in the multimedia installations of the artist Saya Woolfalk, whose utopian universes and Empathics, a future race fusing  —   and all but erasing  —   racial and ethnic boundaries, were featured this year in shows at the Brooklyn Museum, a light show in Times Square and, just this month, an installation at Art Basel Miami Beach. Afrofuturist allusions crop up less overtly in the sprawling canvases of Kerry James Marshall, whose exhibition at the Met Breuer, through Jan. 29, includes idealized portraits of   Boy and Girl Scouts wreathed in halos of the kind often seen on   heroes. This summer, the movement flexed its muscle at the megaplex, where “Captain America: Civil War” featured the Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman) a superhero who in 2018 will star in “Black Panther” as the king and protector of the imaginary nation of Wakanda. Afrofuturism’s resurgence could not be more timely, arriving as it does in a climate perceived as indifferent, if not downright inimical, to racial and ethnic minorities. In her book, Ms. Womack recalls a time when black or brown   characters were all but invisible in the culture at large. As a girl, she would fantasize that she was Princess Leia of “Star Wars. ” “While it was fun to be the chick from outer space in my imagination,” Ms. Womack writes, “the quest to see myself or browner people in this space age, galactic epic was important to me. ” It was in the absence of minorities from pop lore, she goes on, “that seeds were planted in the imaginations of countless black kids who yearned to see themselves in   spaceship too. ” Count among them Tim Fielder, a New York graphic artist and animator whose   illustrations, produced over a   span, drew visitors last spring to “Black Metropolis,” at the Gallatin Galleries at New York University. Mr. Fielder’s pioneering cartoon narratives  —   notably those of “Matty’s Rocket,” his spirited black female cosmonaut, who will lift off next year in graphic novel form  —   are particularly relevant now, he maintained: “They let young artists know that they’re not on dangerous turf, that someone has gone there before them. ” Afrofuturism’s epic imagery offers youth a mirror, Mr. Fielder said. “These kids are able now to see themselves in environments that are expansive, both technologically and in terms of social mores and gender,” he said. They also see themselves newly reflected in the comic books that remain a potent form of Afrofuturist expression. Last spring, the Black Panther, lately of “Captain America,” was resurrected by Marvel as the noble protagonist of his own comic book series, written by   Coates, the author of “Between the World and Me. ” And this year, Riri Williams, an   teenage superheroine with an M. I. T. degree, will slip into the fabled power suit in the “Iron Man” comic series. Such vanguard characters can trace their genesis to early champions of Afrofuturism, paramount among them Sun Ra, the jazz composer, poet and philosopher who incorporated   themes into his music and his seminal film, “Space Is the Place,” a   tale of interplanetary time travel. Afrofuturism owes as important a debt to the writer Octavia Butler, whose 1979   “Kindred,” posits an alternate reality in which an   heroine is transported from   Los Angeles to early   Maryland. It owes a debt as well to the music of George Clinton and Parliament Funkadelic, with their prophetic lyrics in “Mothership Connection”: Time to move on Light years in time Ahead of our time. Afrofuturist themes were revisited in the ’90s, but still as a genre without a name until the cultural critic Mark Dery formally christened it in his 1994 essay “Black to the Future,” after which it flourished for a time before retreating to the shadows. Now the movement has returned in force, beamed down to the concert stage. Last month, the ’70s disco diva Grace Jones, Afrofuturism’s   mascot, toured in the British Isles, her stage persona, covered    in tribal paint and feathers, a reprise of her    performance at the Afropunk Fest in Brooklyn last year. On a broadcast of “The Tonight Show” in February, the singer FKA Twigs seemed to alight from the clouds swathed in a incandescent white. Her costume,   in crystals, was created with Grace Wales Bonner, a London designer whose work in the past has been rife with Afrofuturist allusions. In her “Lemonade” album, released in April, Beyoncé reigns in an   utopia, leading a phalanx of women in ethereal white dresses that simultaneously conjure ancient and   societies. The style world, too, has now embraced the movement, if only, perhaps, to reinforce its stature as an arbiter of cool. For the W September cover and   editorial feature shot by Steven Klein, Rihanna’s    costumes were cobbled from scratch. “She’s a   a queen,” said Edward Enninful, the magazine’s fashion and style director. “A queen does not wear clothes off the runways. ” Instead she wears an otherworldly pastiche of vanguard creations by Gareth Pugh, Prada, Proenza Schouler and others, clothes conceived, Mr. Enninful said, to emphasize Rihanna’s majestic persona. “It’s a look that many young black females out there haven’t seen before,” he said. Riccardo Tisci of Givenchy was among the first to integrate Afrofuturist imagery into his runway shows. Two years earlier, he signed Ms. Badu as the   face of the brand. Mr. Tisci followed up repeatedly, most recently with a fall 2016 line replete with cosmological symbols, including that familiar Afrofuturist talisman, the Egyptian Eye of Horus. Calvin Klein released a fall advertising campaign starring the rapper Young Thug, dressed in flares and a fitted pinstripe chasuble, its neckline embellished with an   orb. A recent campaign from Chanel featured Willow Smith festooned in Afrofuturistic jewels. Others are advancing this   aesthetic in more subtle ways, thrusting aside clichés as they go. “Afrofuturism has to become something more than just an idea of black people in shiny metallic clothing,” said Michelle Busayo Olupona, the   designer behind Busayo NYC, a label incorporating Afrofuturist themes in a   abstract way. “In my own work, I try to create an aesthetic and style evocative of the past but very much grounded in the now. ” Ms. Olupona said her abstract, Afrocentric designs, some incorporating fantasy fauna and futurist imagery, “suggest ways in which we can differentiate ourselves. ” “What they say about the future,” she continued, “is that we’re always going to be here. ” Another showcase for contemporary, less literal interpretations of Afrofuturism is 9J, a boutique and gallery recently sprung up on Bruckner Boulevard in the South Bronx. It aims to usher in the movement’s next wave, with items like a ribbed   sweater worthy of “Star Wars,” created by a local designer Jesenia Lopez   Birkenstock platforms covered in feathers and Swarovski “gems” and an outsize headdress of spiraling silver wire. These pieces mingle technology, fantasy and Afrocentric themes with a streamlined   opulence. The shop’s owner, Jerome LaMaar, whose line, 5:31 Jérôme, has drawn   clients like Beyoncé and the model Hailey Baldwin, wore     goggles the other week while presiding at the opening of Africollision, an installation at 9J that eschewed the     hallmarks of old school Afrofuturism. “We want to play with the idea of what is tribe, what is Africa, what is the future, and mix it all up without being predictable. ” Mr. LaMaar insisted. “Who wants to see what’s already been done?”",0
8653,Pro-‘Brexit’ City of Sunderland Glad to Poke Establishment in the Eye - The New York Times,"SUNDERLAND, England  —   In places like Sunderland, with its   shipyards silent and dead and its citizens leery of both London and Brussels, the idea of the European Union never really took hold. Although the     city in England’s northeast heartland benefited from the bloc, the campaign that became known as “Brexit” found many adherents and brought   grievances into the open. And when the decision to pull out of the European Union sent markets into a tailspin, Ken Walker, a retired construction worker, was unfazed. “I don’t have any money in the stock market,” Mr. Walker, 59, said as he drank a pint of beer in a pub. “So what’s it to me?” The pub, called the Speculation, still had “Vote Leave” posters on its walls, and a fellow drinker exclaimed “Aye!” and banged the counter in agreement. Sunderland stunned the country when voters overwhelmingly opted to leave Europe in Thursday’s referendum, by 61 percent to 39 percent. It was a far higher vote for Britain’s exit than pollsters had predicted, and it was the first sign that Prime Minister David Cameron’s gamble on staying in the bloc had lost. Sunderland’s citizens seem to have voted against their own interests. Not only has the city been a big recipient of European money, it is also the home of a Nissan car factory, Britain’s largest, and automobiles produced there are exported, duty free, to Europe. The plant, which absorbed workers from the dying shipyards after it opened 30 years ago, became a symbol of the benefits of European Union membership, and Nissan opposed the British exit. Yet Edward Pennal, 64, a former army mechanic who voted to leave, took the uncertainty in stride, dismissing it as scaremongering. “No, I can’t see them cutting off ties,” he said of Nissan, because the company has received government grants to stay in Sunderland. And the pound’s fall is a good thing for exports, he said. “I was very pleased with the result. ” Sunderland’s decision was also a vote against the Labour Party, which pushed for Britain to remain in the union but is no longer seen by many voters in Sunderland as a champion of the working class. Instead, they and   voters across Britain are increasingly moving right over the issue of immigration, switching to the     U. K. Independence Party, which campaigned for the exit so Britain could control its borders. Nationwide, young voters provided much of the support for the Remain campaign, but that was not the case in Sunderland. John Todd, 18, an information technology apprentice, voted for the first time, and said he supported the U. K. Independence Party. “We’re segregated from the south, and the north is a barren wasteland,” he said, wearing a heavy black leather jacket with metal studs despite the summer heat. “It’s us against them. ” “The E. U. is a mystery to us,” he added. “We’ve never heard about it up here. ” The outcome of the vote in the large section of industrial northeast England that includes Sunderland exposed deep regional divisions and a rift between classes  —   a working class that feels it has lost out from globalization, and a more mobile, educated class of people who have prospered from free trade and movement. Similar trends are emerging in France, where Marine Le Pen’s National Front has had success in poor cities across the country’s former industrial heartland. Now, Ms. Le Pen is calling for a similar referendum in France to pull out of the European Union. In Sunderland, a city of 273, 000 on the North Sea coast, there were few signs of “bregret” or “regrexit”  —   terms shared on social media to describe the pangs of remorse some felt as they watched billions of dollars get wiped off world markets.   voters said they had nothing to lose because they had little to gain from globalization in the first place. “Give Brexit a chance,” said Maria Taylor, 58, a florist on a street where rows of brick houses, a legacy of the Industrial Revolution, shove against one another. “It can’t get worse than what’s been going on already,” she added. In Washington, a   neighborhood close to the Nissan plant, shops on   Street appeared as if out of a time warp: a hairdresser with bonnet hair dryers, a candy shop where a single ceiling bulb illuminates rows of dusty containers filled with   sweets. To people like Mr. Walker, the turmoil in the financial markets was a distant rumble, a problem for the rich “down south” in London and for those with enough resources to take a bet on the vast flows of speculative money that shift around the globe. As deindustrialization and other factors have hollowed what was once a manufacturing stronghold, the region has struggled to catch up with its wealthier southern neighbors despite efforts by recent governments to bridge the divide. “All the industries, everything, has gone,” said Michael Wake, 55, forklift operator, gesturing toward Roker Beach, once black from the soot of the shipyards. “We were powerful, strong. But Brussels and the government, they’ve taken it all away. ” In 1988, the Conservative government of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher closed the last of the shipyards that once lined the River Wear. The European Union contributed a 45 million pound, or $60 million, aid package to help   workers, but Sunderland never recovered from the loss. It consistently has one of the highest unemployment rates in the country, about 9 percent. The referendum, Mr. Wake said, was an opportunity to “poke the eye” of Mr. Cameron and the London establishment. Fears over job security from an influx of cheap European laborers was another motivation. Heather Govan, 28, a decorator, said cheap labor helped big businesses by keeping costs down, but not   people like her. Some residents, however, said they had benefited from European Union membership. “I’m shocked  —   it’s bad for the industry,” said John Thompson, 53, who has worked for more than 30 years in a components factory. “There is a lot of uncertainty now, and people who were going to invest here are going to think twice. ” Many engineers in the shipbuilding industry took jobs at Nissan. They became part of an upwardly mobile class able to afford houses along the now   beach. To them and their families, the European Union is appealing. They can swim at the Sunderland Aquatic Center, a £20 million project with an   pool that the European Union helped finance. They can send their children to the sleek, modern Sunderland University campus, which also received union financing. European Union money also helped establish Sunderland Software City, a business center that offers support and advice to aspiring software entrepreneurs. However splashy these projects may be, they remain largely inaccessible to Sunderland’s working class. Many cannot afford the £30 monthly fees at the Aquatic Center, and people in the nearby Washington neighborhood said they had never set foot inside. As for Sunderland University, the tuition, which the government recently raised, is too much for many young people. “All the money is going back to the rich,” said Ms. Taylor, the florist. “The working class is completely hammered. They’ve sold us down the river. ” John Hall, 54, a neighbor, looked determined. “All the people here are looking out for their grandchildren,” he said, adding, “In 20 years’ time, it would be a better place for them. ” “We’re big, we’re strong enough,” he said. “It might be hard, but we’ll still eat. ”",0
8654,"His Predecessor Gone, Gambia’s New President Finally Comes Home - The New York Times","BANJUL, Gambia  —   A week after he was inaugurated in another country, Adama Barrow landed in Gambia on Thursday afternoon, setting foot inside his own national borders for the first time as the new president. Throngs of supporters, some holding Gambian flags, lined the roads to greet Mr. Barrow, who had flown in from Dakar, Senegal, where he had fled more than a week earlier out of security concerns after his predecessor, Yahya Jammeh, refused to step down. As he entered Banjul, the capital, Mr. Barrow, dressed in all white, poked out of a white Land Cruiser surrounded by military vehicles and waved to onlookers. “Today is freedom day,” said Mariama Bah, a nurse from Serekunda, a town nearby, who came to the airport to welcome President Barrow. “We now have a president that we can be proud of. ” Mr. Barrow defeated the longtime president, Mr. Jammeh, in a surprising outcome to an election in December. Mr. Jammeh, who had been in power since 1994, when he led a successful coup, initially accepted defeat. A few days after the vote, he changed his mind, declared the election results invalid and vowed to use the power of his military to stay in charge. It took repeated personal overtures from West African presidents and finally a regional coalition of troops that crossed into Gambia to persuade Mr. Jammeh, known for human rights abuses, to step down. He flew out of the country on Saturday, accompanied by a cargo plane containing his   and other luxury automobiles, and has settled in Equatorial Guinea, which has its own record of human rights violations. Mr. Barrow’s arrival capped a tense period for many Gambians who had feared a bloody end to the presidential standoff. Tens of thousands of residents had been so worried that they fled the country, though many have already returned. But Mr. Jammeh still has supporters left in Gambia, and some residents worry that divisions could lead to problems in the new administration. Mr. Barrow has dismissed his predecessor’s supporters as a minority. Most of all, many residents said they were weary of the regional troops who were still roaming the capital. They had arrived at the statehouse to search it and make sure all was safe for Mr. Barrow’s return, but their presence on the streets was unsettling to many. Mr. Barrow’s aides said the soldiers were likely to remain in Gambia for weeks as the new administration makes the transition. Some Gambians worried that it was still too early for Mr. Barrow to come home. “Yahya Jammeh was not acting alone,” said Ishmael Ceesay, 24, a mobile phone salesman in Serekunda. “His people are still around. ” Mr. Barrow’s aides said the president would stay at a private residence until the regional troops finished securing the statehouse. Mr. Jammeh’s rule penetrated the psyche of many Gambians who feared him, so much so that thousands fled years ago. Their departure further damaged an already shaky economy that Mr. Barrow has said will be a priority for him. Mr. Jammeh jailed journalists and his opponents, some of whom died in prison, carried out hunts for people believed to be witches and forced patients to stop taking medication so he could test what he said was his homemade cure for AIDS  —   herbs, prayers and a banana. Residents of Gambia talked about Mr. Jammeh only in hushed tones, and rarely in public, and even some members of the diaspora said they were convinced he was monitoring their communications. Mohamed Jalloh, who sells fabric at the entrance to the statehouse, said he had spent the past two decades praying a bullet would not come flying toward him. “Yahya Jammeh brought so much fear in us,” Mr. Jalloh said. The paranoia was evident even this week, with Mr. Jammeh hundreds of miles away, when a Gambian newspaper reported that he had left toxins in the vents in the statehouse to poison his successor. Mr. Barrow’s team said the report was false. For many Gambians, the pain of Mr. Jammeh’s rule was all too real. Some residents said part of Mr. Barrow’s new job would be comforter in chief. Mr. Barrow has vowed to create a truth and reconciliation commission to look into injustices during Mr. Jammeh’s more than   administration. On Wednesday afternoon in Brikama, the region where Mr. Barrow received the most votes, three women sat on a long wooden bench. They wore yellow #GambiaHasDecided   a motto adopted by the opposition that wanted Mr. Jammeh to leave. Like many others across Gambia, each of the women said a relative had been killed by security forces loyal to Mr. Jammeh. As they sold sugar at the market, the three spoke of their losses. It was during the 2011 presidential election campaign that Nyima Jabang’s father, an ambulance driver, was tortured and killed while in custody at the National Intelligence Agency. His crime: driving two men to a hospital who had been wounded at a rally in a clash between Mr. Jammeh’s party and the main opposition party, the United Democratic Party. The next day, the brother of Nyima Sanyang, another of the friends selling sugar, was arrested by security forces in connection with the campaign clash and was beaten to death. The third woman, Bintu Sonko, 30, described the long, speeding motorcades that carried Mr. Jammeh and his aides, who would toss packets of cookies to supporters. In 2013, Ms. Sonko’s son, Lamine, 7, heard Mr. Jammeh’s cars approaching. He ran out with his friends to wave to the passing president. Lamine darted into the street to catch a cookie and was struck and killed by a car in the motorcade. “They did not even stop,” Ms. Sonko said. “They kept going and throwing cookies at the rest of the kids. We can’t even report the matter to the chief or the police. ” “That was my only child. ”",0
8655,Bill Gross and Pimco Settle Suit Over His Ouster - The New York Times,"NEWPORT BEACH, Calif.  —   A bitter legal war between the bond investor William H. Gross and Pimco, the company he built into one of the biggest asset managers in the world, is over. A lawyer representing Mr. Gross filed a request in California state court on Monday to dismiss the investor’s lawsuit over his 2014 ouster. The terms of the settlement were not disclosed, although both sides noted in a joint statement that “any proceeds from the suit will be donated to charity. ” People briefed on the matter said that Pimco would pay more than $80 million to the William and Sue Gross Family Foundation. Mr. Gross, who helped found the firm in 1971, will add from his own fortunes to make the contribution total more than $100 million, some of these people said. Pimco did say that it would dedicate a room in his headquarters here to its founders and that Mr. Gross would be named a “director emeritus. ” “Bill Gross has always been larger than life,” Dan Ivascyn, Pimco’s chief investment officer, said in the statement. “Bill has had an enormous influence on Pimco and the careers of many who have passed through its halls,” he added. In the joint statement, Mr. Gross said: “Pimco has always been family to me, and, like any family, sometimes there are disagreements. I’m glad that we have had the opportunity to work through those. ” Those cordial words stand in stark contrast to the invectives that were lobbed at each after Mr. Gross sued the firm in October 2015, accusing it of breach of contract and breach of covenant of good faith and fair dealing. Yet the litigation had been a frustrating distraction for Pimco as it sought to recover from the damage done by Mr. Gross’s departure. Since his exit in September 2014, Pimco’s assets have slid to $1. 47 trillion, from more than $2 trillion at the peak. For Mr. Gross, the settlement comes as he seeks to refurbish his image and start again at a competitor, Janus Capital Group. Details that emerged on his split with Pimco portrayed him as erratic and authoritarian before and after he was forced out. The settlement may also provide some sort of resolution psychologically for the investor, who has said he closely monitors his performance against Pimco and is “fixated” on proving it was wrong to force him out. In his lawsuit, Mr. Gross had claimed that he was wrongfully pushed out as the chief investment officer by a “cabal” of greedy partners among the company’s top executives. The colorfully worded lawsuit took particular aim at Mohamed   the firm’s former chief executive, and Mr. Ivascyn. “Driven by a lust for power, greed, and a desire to improve their own financial position and reputation at the expense of investors and decency, a cabal of Pimco managing directors plotted to drive founder Bill Gross out of Pimco in order to take, without compensation, Gross’s percentage ownership in the profitability of Pimco,” the complaint said. Pimco executives’ “improper, dishonest, and unethical behavior must now be exposed. ” Pimco had called the suit “legally groundless” and asked for its dismissal. “Pimco has moved forward since Mr. Gross’s resignation,” the firm said in 2015. “It is time for him to do the same. ” Pacific Investment Management Company, or Pimco, has also been working to distance itself from the events of 2014. With diminished money under management generating fees, the asset manager, based in Newport Beach, Calif. has trimmed its work force to 2, 200 from about 2, 400 in 2014. It has also closed some funds to decrease costs. Emmanuel Roman, the former chief of the British hedge fund manager Man Group, started as chief executive in November. He took over for Douglas Hodge, the former chief operating officer who was tapped to lead the company after Mr.  ’s departure. In the three years that Mr. Roman led Man Group, he helped stabilize its business and made multiple acquisitions as it aimed to push into the United States markets and expand its global reach to institutional clients. He joined Pimco at a critical time for the money manager, as it tried to assure investors that a   manager could weather a downturn in   markets, as interest rates rose. Clients began to pull money from the Pimco Total Return fund in 2013, while Mr. Gross was still at the helm, as the Federal Reserve signaled it would end its stimulus programs, roiling bond markets. The firm’s flagship total return fund underperformed most peers that year and the next, data from Morningstar show. The departures of Mr.   and Mr. Gross within the span of seven months accelerated client withdrawals. That year, investors pulled more than $100 billion from Total Return, once the world’s biggest mutual fund. Withdrawals have since slowed as performance steadied, and assets now stand at $74. 2 billion. In its first full year without Mr. Gross, returns surged to rank 15th among comparable funds, according to Morningstar, but fell below the middle of the pack last year. This year it has ranked in the top decile of comparable funds, Morningstar data show. The Pimco Income Fund, managed by Mr. Ivascyn, tells a different story. For the past five years, its performance has beaten benchmarks and most comparable funds, and as a result, clients have poured money into it. This year, it surpassed Pimco Total Return as the company’s biggest fund. At Janus, Mr. Gross started an “unconstrained” fund, which has attracted just under $2 billion. Performance in the new fund fared better than most of its peers in 2015 and 2016, including the similar fund at Pimco,   by Mr. Ivascyn. This year it has trailed competitors. Mr. Gross’s complaint took aim at those in line to succeed him, including Mr. Ivascyn, who the suit claimed threatened to resign if Mr. Gross was not forced out, and Mr.  . Mr.   has served as chief economic adviser to Pimco’s parent company, the German insurer Allianz, since he left in March 2014. The complaint portrays Mr. Gross as a defender of   investment products, Pimco’s traditional focus, while Mr.   and Mr. Ivascyn pushed to take on more risk in   products in the interest of bigger bonuses. The suit also said that top Pimco executives were motivated to unseat Mr. Gross for his 20 percent cut of the bonus pool, which in 2013 alone was $300 million. Pimco recently resolved other outstanding litigation from the same time period, paying $20 million to settle with the Securities and Exchange Commission over claims it did not properly value securities in its   fund version of Total Return. The company did not admit any wrongdoing, and it will retain an independent compliance consultant as part of the agreement.",0
8656,"""Europe Has No Future"" Putin Slams Austria Migrant Child Rape Injustice","
In a truly shocking twist, the Supreme Court of Austria has decided to acquit the Iraqi man, “that may not have realised the 10-year-old Austrian boy did not want to be sexually abused by him.” Amir, 20, was visiting the Theresienbad pool in the Austrian capital of Vienna in December 2015, as part of a trip to encourage integration, when the rape incident occurred.
Europe, if you can’t stand up for your children, who will? Of course there is the fact that Western Europe has supported the US in their violent destruction of the Middle East over the past 20 years. Is it a guilty conscience that seems to appease the blatant criminal activity on behalf of some newcomers? Or are they George Soros puppets implanted into the judicial system that are at work?
Russia is a multicultural and multi-religious society, and has been for 1000 years. The law applies to everyone equally – whether you’re a Crimean Tatar or a Slavic Russian – every Russian citizen is ‘native’ as such and subject to the same protocols.
A migrant has just raped a child in one of the European countries. The court found him “NOT GUILTY” based on two things: the migrant did not understand the language of his host country, and he did not understand that the boy – and it was a boy – didn’t want this.
Vladimir Putin was outraged when he heard about the incident and here’s what he had to say:
It doesn’t fit into my head what on Earth they’re thinking over there. This is the result of the dilution of national values [identity].
I can’t even explain the rationale – is it a sense of guilt before the migrants? What’s going on? It’s not clear.
But a society that cannot defend its children today has no tomorrow. It has no future.
So relying on their [migration policy] experience is not the best thing to do, if I can be frank.
But we have a 1000 year history of forming a multicultural society – our understanding of [these intricacies] is much deeper.

",0
8657,Interview: Why did Quito cut Assange’s access to the Internet?,"Interview: Why did Quito cut Assange’s access to the Internet? 02.11.2016 
Professor Doctor Mads Andenæs, a Norwegian lawyer and president of the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention, comments in the following interview with Edu Montesanti, for Pravdareport, on the Ecuadorian government's decision to cut off Julian Assange's Internet access. 
Assange was granted political asylum in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London in 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden or the United States; the Australian journalist has access to the Internet denied since October 17, less than 24 hours after releasing John Podesta e-mails, the Chairman of the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign. 
Through official statement, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the South American country said it ""respects the principle of non-intervention in the affairs of other countries"", which led Quito to temporarily cut off Assange's access to the Internet. Print version Font Size 
At the same time, the Ecuadorian government stressed its commitment to protect ""victims of political persecution"" like Assange, and intended to ""safeguard his life and physical integrity."" Denying having suffered any external pressure for cutting the Internet, in line with the speech of US Department of State, the Ecuadorian Foreign Minister assured: ""We reaffirm that the protection of the Ecuadorian State will continue as the circumstances that led to the granting of such asylum remain."" 
WikiLeaks states that several US sources say that there has been pressure exerted by Washington on Rafael Correa’s government to restrict Assange's access to the Internet. 
Edu Montesanti: How do you evaluate the decision of the Ecuadorian government to deny Julian Assange's access to the Internet? President Rafael Correa claims that his country will not interfere in foreign elections: such a measure is really democratic? 
Mads Andenæs: That has surprised me. President Correa is one of my heroes, and I cannot understand well this latest measure. I understand that this latest measure is alarming to Assange. And it should be for all of us. 
Edu Montesanti: WikiLeaks tweeted after the incident: ""Multiple US sources tell us John Kerry asked Ecuador to stop Assange from publishing Clinton docs during FARC peace negotiations,"" while the United States Department of State denied the accusation, and President Correa said he acted on his own, and does not give in to foreign pressures. In your opinion, Professor Mads, Washington really pressured Quito, as says Assange? 
Mads Andenæs: There has been pressure, no doubt. What you cite here sounds credible, but again I only know what I have read in the papers. 
Edu Montesanti: Do you think the government of Ecuador will restrict journalistic work of WikiLeaks, in general? 
Mads Andenæs: I hope not. 
Edu Montesanti: Do you think Assange's asylum is running a risk? 
Mads Andenæs: No I really hope not. But it is worrying that so much pressure is brought to bear on the Ecuadorians. I am increasingly worried that Assange is not safe anywhere, in asylum or not. He has very good reasons to resist extradition. Remember that two UK Supreme Court justices dissented in the judgment about the extradition to Sweden, and the reporting judge and one of the Supreme Court justices in Sweden held the request illegal because it was disproportionate. 
Professor Andrew Ashworth, Oxford, advised that the Swedish request did not allege facts that constituted a criminal offence under English law. Professor Liora Lazarus, Oxford has held that Assange's detention is in vioaltion of international law, the chair of the English Bar Association Human Rights Committee, Kirsty Brimelow QC and the general counsel at Human Rights Watch Dinah PoKempner have all supported the ruling by the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention. The UK and Sweden should now just comply with international law as applied by the UN. 
Edu Montesanti: Do you fear that if the Ecuadorian opposition, pro-US, wins the 2017 presidential election, Assange will be extradited to America? 
Mads Andenæs: I really hope that they will not win, and if they do, that they will not renege on the asylum. Fear - yes strong reasons for much fear in this case. 
Edu Montesanti",0
8658,Re: The Election Of Donald Trump Is Already Having An Enormous Impact On The Economy,"The Election Of Donald Trump Is Already Having An Enormous Impact On The Economy   14th, 2016 
  sent shockwaves through the U.S. economy and the U.S. financial system. Since November 8th, the Dow has hit a brand new all-time record high , the U.S. dollar has strengthened greatly, and bank stocks are way up. But not all of the economic news is good news. Unlike stocks, bonds have reacted very negatively to Trump’s election victory. The past week has been an absolute bloodbath for bond traders, and as you will see below this is going to have dramatic implications for all U.S. consumers moving forward. 
Over just a two day period, more than a trillion dollars was wiped out as bond yields spiked all over the globe. As CNN has noted , this type of “violent reaction” in the bond market has only happened three other times within the past ten years… 
The rate on 10-year Treasury notes has surged to 2.3%, from 1.77% before the election. Last week’s spike in Treasury rates was so big, that it had only happened three times before in the last decade. 
BlackRock’s Russ Koesterich called it a “violent reaction.” 
The move stands to have broad repercussions for all Americans. Not only will the U.S. government have to pay more to borrow money, but mortgage rates and car loan costs should also rise. That’s because Treasuries are used as the benchmark for many other forms of credit. 
As interest rates rise, virtually everyone in our society is going to feel the pain. 
Those that need an auto loan in order to purchase a vehicle are going to find that loan payments are significantly higher than they were before. 
Credit card rates will also go up, and those just getting out of school will discover that their student loan payments are even more suffocating. 
But the biggest impact will be felt in the housing market. The average rate on a 30-year fixed mortgage just hit the psychologically-important 4 percent barrier, and that could mean big trouble for the housing market in 2017 … 
The average contract rate on the popular 30-year fixed mortgage hit 4 percent, according to Mortgage News Daily, a level most didn’t expect to see until the middle of next year. Rates have now moved nearly a half a percentage point higher since Donald Trump was elected president. 
“The situation on the ground is panicked. Damage control,” said Matthew Graham, chief operating officer of Mortgage News Daily. “People were trying to lock loans quickly last week and are now facing a tough choice to lock today or hope for a bounce. Many hoped for a bounce last week heading into the long weekend and we obviously didn’t get it.” 
Rising interest rates was one of the key factors that precipitated the financial crisis of 2008, and many fear that it could happen again. 
And without a doubt, this rise in rates is going to affect the affordability of homes that are already on the market … 
“If you’re going to buy a house and your mortgage payment went up by $200 or $300, you may buy a smaller house. There’s impact on interest rate sensitive sectors, like autos and housing, and also corporate bonds themselves, where financial engineering has helped juice up the equity market,” said George Goncalves, head of rate strategy at Nomura. 
In addition, rising rates will make it more difficult for those with adjustable rate mortgages to keep their homes. Foreclosure activity was already up 27 percent during the month of October, and many are projecting that we could see another giant spike in foreclosures during the months ahead that is similar to what we saw during the last financial crisis. 
Many Trump supporters don’t really care what the rest of the world thinks of our new president, but this is an area where what the rest of the world thinks really, really matters. 
The truth is that the rest of the planet is not all too fond of Trump, and if that makes them a lot less eager to lend us money that is a major problem. 
The only way that we can maintain our massively inflated debt-fueled standard of living is to continue to borrow gigantic mountains of money from the rest of the world at ultra-low interest rates. 
If the rest of the world starts demanding higher rates of return now that Trump is president, we are going to experience economic pain on a scale that most Americans don’t believe is possible. 
One of our big lenders has been China, and right now they are deeply   a Trump presidency might mean. Trump has talked very tough about trade with China, and the Chinese are gearing up for a major trade war. The following comes from CNBC … 
During his election campaign this year, Trump spoke of a 45 percent import tariff on all Chinese goods while failing to outline how it would work. Should any such policy come into effect, China will take a “tit-for-tat approach”, according to an opinion piece in the Global Times , a newspaper backed by the Communist party. 
“A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus. U.S. auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and U.S. soybean and maize imports will be halted. China can also limit the number of Chinese students studying in the U.S.,” the Global Times article read. 
Most Trump supporters assume that since Trump has been a very successful businessman that he will be able to strengthen the U.S. economy. 
But it isn’t that simple. 
The only reason we are able to live the way that we live today is because we have been able to borrow trillions upon trillions of dollars at irrationally low interest rates. 
The moment the rest of the world decides that they are not going to loan us money at irrationally low interest rates any longer the game is over, and it won’t really matter who is in the White House at that point. 
So watch interest rates very carefully. If they keep going up, it is inevitable that a major economic slowdown will follow no matter what economic policies the new Trump administration implements. November 14th, 2016 | Tags: Bank Stocks , Bond Crash , Bond Traders , Bonds , Donald Trump , Economic News , Feel The Pain , Financial , Foreclosure , Foreclosure Activity , Foreclosure Activity Rising , Foreclosure Help , Foreclosures , Foreclosures Rising , Good News , Home Foreclosures , Pain , Stocks , The Dollar , The Dow , The Pain , The Stock Market , The U.S. Dollar , The U.S. Economy , The U.S. Financial System , Trump , U.S. Consumers | Category: Housing Crash , The Economy   » mleblanc138 
Crash and burn house prices, crash and burn. Houses go sky high while wages remain stagnant, not sustainable. Time for a correction, an excessive correction. Genada 
To lose weight you have to take some pain. Eat less, work out. Same goes with making our economy work for Americans. We are going to need to take some pain to be able to improve the economy and make it work for every American and not just the top. 
The rates had to go up, they couldn’t really go down anymore and it’s going to have some negative impacts but those impacts are due to living beyond our means and making bad choices. Now we will need to pay for that a bit. 
Lack of lending from others will require us to produce at all and that’s a good thing. Producing at home will lead to more jobs and make us less depend on others less. 
Then the final major truth about the world economy is and you have detailed many times is that the world’s debt is far in excess of what can be payed. It’s time for write downs and admit this. Then after the pain of that to put things in place to prevent this from happening again. retired22 
Ultimately we have them all by the gonads. With the EU sinking into bankruptcy America will be the last major consumer market left standing The American consumer economy is over 70% of the total economy! The exporting nations have no where else to sell their consumer products & raw materials,they will need to keep the American economy afloat! As for the debt,it will never be paid,it will be rolled over indefinitely. Also,…there will be financial chaos around the world when America drops the hammer on the outside world. Most of the big money from outside will be drawn to America for security,…South Florida is already a haven for wealthy Venezuelans who had money parked here for hard times in their homeland.California is in a similar situation with offshore Chinese wealth! Most of the world is part of a global financial system based on American dollars as the world’s reserve currency.A large part of the world are,in effect, provinces in an American financial empire,.America is their banker,they can’t extricate themselves from the Dollar & America. Paul Anders 
Bottom line, is one day soon this house of cards is coming down…Trump or no Trump. But if he can drain the swamp and get the political cesspool back on track, I think it’s worth the pain. Pain is coming sooner or later anyways… retired22 
The main thing is to get rid of the Central Bankers & get a leash on the F.I.R.E economy,which is mostly huge overhead & is sucking the life out of the real productive economy! If it takes pain in the correction we will need to handle it if we want to turn the economic corner! CASTIEL 
Screw the chinks….. screw those stupid and ignorant liberals…… screw the elites…….I hope they all burn….. Scott",0
8659,Pointless winner won’t let £500 prize change his life,"Pointless winner won’t let £500 prize change his life 27-10-16 THE joint winner of a £1000 jackpot on BBC series Pointless has said that he won’t let his new wealth change him. Norman Steele, who won £500 after splitting his prize with workmate Tom Booker, will even keep his current job as a postman. He said: “I could have earned a million pounds on some fancy ITV game show, but doing it on the BBC means so much more. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m going to spend, spend, spend, mainly on a return train journey to Manchester. “It’ll be cab there and cab home, which will set me back another £75, and, of course, a slap up, three-course meal for two at Pizza Express with several glasses of house white. “On the way home, I’ll visit our local and buy a pint for all the regulars. No crisps, mind, I don’t want them to get ideas. “Then I’ll go home, have a bath and think about how I’m going to spend my remaining £3.73.” 
Share:",0
8660,Dr. David Duke & Farren Shoaf – Countdown 7 days left to Trump’s Presidency and the critical first primary to send Dr. Duke to the U.S. Senate!,"Dr. David Duke & Farren Shoaf – Countdown 7 days left to Trump’s Presidency and the critical first primary to send Dr. Duke to the U.S. Senate! October 31, 2016 at 10:11 am 
Dr. David Duke & Farren Shoaf – Countdown 7 days left to Trump’s Presidency and the critical first primary to send Dr. Duke to the U.S. Senate! 
Today Dr. Duke had radio talk show host Farren Shoaf as his guest for the hour. They went into the various criminal aspects of the revelations about Hillary Clinton. In addition to the outrages of Hillary’s support for ISIS via massive weapons shipments to Saudi Arabia, Mr. Shoaf pointed out that the media failing use the words “obstruction of justice,” which was actually the crime that forced Richard Nixon from the White House. 
Mr. Shoaf also raised the fact that never before has there been a major party candidate for president whose criminality was so obvious BEFORE the election, yet more than 40% of voters appear ready to put her in the oval office. 
This is a great show. Please share it widely. 
Our show is aired live at 11 am replayed at ET 4pm Eastern and 4am Eastern. 
Click on Image to Donate! 
And please spread this message to others.",0
8661,Texas Dems Stage Hunger Strike Over Sanctuary City Crackdown,"Democrats and open border advocates are staging a hunger strike in Texas against the State’s proposed   city bill. Its backers are asking for support using #FastAgainstSB4. [One Texas Democrat said a communion wafer on Sunday was the last meal she is going to have until after Wednesday when the Texas House debates the bill.  Thank you @Victoria4Texas for leading the  #FastAgainstSB4! Don’t forget to wear black when you head to ATX on Wed. to #FillTheGallery! pic. twitter.   —   Texas Young Dems (@TexasYDs) April 24, 2017,  Representative Victoria Neave ( ) announced her intention to conduct the   fast after Mass at the Cathedral Shrine of the Virgin of Guadeloupe in Dallas. She encouraged people to “wear black when you head to ATX on Wed. to #FillTheGallery. ” The Texas House will debate the sanctuary city bill on Wednesday. Those with the “Indivisible” movement in Texas tweeted, “We’ve gotten word from several people who will join @Victoria4Texas’ fast in solidarity. ” The group wants those who plan to fast to tag them so they can retweet. We’ve gotten word from several people who will join @Victoria4Texas‘ fast in solidarity. Planning to #FastAgainstSB4? Tag us so we can RT. https:  .   —   Indivisible #Txlege (@IndvsbleTXLege) April 24, 2017,  The movement in the state and the country follows the “Indivisible Guide” whose stated mission is “stopping Trump from implementing an agenda built on racism, authoritarianism, and corruption. ” Indivisible chapters have   all over Texas. Their guide also provides “A local strategy targeting individual Members of Congress. ” The guide is written in English and Spanish, and there is audio as well as written versions. House members are being urged “to do everything possible to #StopSB4. ” Today, I’m joining @Victoria4Texas in the #fastagainstsb4. Now, it’s time for the @TexasHDC to do everything possible to #StopSB4 pic. twitter.   —   Jay Malone (@jmmalone2305) April 24, 2017,  SB 4 was passed by the Texas Senate in early February, right after the start of the new legislative session. The House State Affairs Committee held a hearing on March 15 after holding the “emergency item” for almost a month. More than 600 people signed up to testify. Democrat organized witnesses who testified were overwhelmingly against the legislation. The committee approved the bill by a vote of   along partisan lines. The bill was placed on the emergency calendar for April 26 after being considered in Calendars on April 20. As reported by Breitbart Texas, the   version extracts the teeth of the bill by cutting the provisions that would strip state criminal justice grants to renegade cities and counties. It also removes civil liabilities from government officials who did not honor immigration detainers and released criminal aliens that later commit crimes. The House version bars law enforcement officers from asking a person about their immigration status unless they have been arrested. Texas Governor Greg Abbott listed addressing sanctuary cities as an emergency item during his 2017 State of the State Address before a joint session of the legislature in January. As reported by Breitbart Texas, he told the members of the Texas House and Senate, “Elected officials don’t get to pick and choose which laws they obey. ” The Governor responded after SB 4 was passed in February by reiterating that message and stating, “As Governor, I will not tolerate sanctuary city policies that put the citizens of Texas at risk. ” Apparently expressing his desire for the bill’s passage, Abbott tweeted to the Texas House on March 19, “It’s time to get this Sanctuary city bill passed  to my desk for signing. ” It’s time to get this Sanctuary city bill passed  to my desk for signing. #txlege #tcot https:  .   —   Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) March 19, 2017,  The communications director for Texas Speaker of the House Joe Straus responded to a Breitbart Texas inquiry in December by stating, “Speaker Straus will work with fellow House Members, Governor Abbott, and law enforcement to ensure that there are no sanctuary cities in Texas. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.",0
8662,OMG! Video of Michelle Obama’s Angry Tirade Against Hillary Went VIRAL Overnight,"OMG! Video of Michelle Obama’s Angry Tirade Against Hillary Went VIRAL Overnight Oct 28, 2016 Previous post HILLARY WANTS THIS DELETED FOREVER! Michelle Obama was praised by the mainstream media all day long yesterday after she attacked Trump as a sexist, cruel bigot. Well, a video just surfaced that will absolutely expose her as a lying hypocrite. It already has 19 Million views! You might remember the First Lady’s is known for her slogan, “When they go low, we go high…” Well she might need to change her slogan… In the video, Michelle Obama PERSONALLY 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK",0
8663,Comment on Facebook Daughter’s Day Hoax Is A Sign Of The Times by para kazanmak,"Subscribe My daughter and me 
Yesterday was National Daughter’s Day! I know this because Facebook told me so; well, maybe not Mark Zuckerberg himself, but all my friends on Facebook were posting pictures of their daughters and celebrating National Daughter’s Day so it must be true, right? 
Actually, I Googled it, and guess what??? September 24 is NOT National Daughter’s Day…According to Wikipedia , National Daughter’s Day is August 11th. This little snippet in Wikipedia also stated that National Daughter’s Day originated from the Bible. I have done some more digging, and honestly, I can’t find proof for either the day or the fact that the Bible calls for it. So it got me to thinking… 
How did a day, which didn’t actually exist, go viral in just a few hours on Facebook? There has to be a need which something like this fills or else the entire Facebook population wouldn’t have jumped on it so quickly. 
Then it hit me. We love our daughters! It really is that simple. We love our daughters so much that we felt we needed to tell them so publicly on Facebook. I saw some of the cutest baby pictures and some of the sweetest words of love scroll through my Facebook feed yesterday. Mothers and fathers discussing how sweet their little girls were and exclaiming pride in the women they had become. All ages were represented. It was really quite moving, and it was a wonderful change from the politics and hatred I normally see there. 
My question is, why did we need to create a fictitious holiday to say these things. We all know our society is in desperate need of love, but yesterday also proved that our society is desperate to show love. It is OK to tell the world you love your daughter, or for that matter, your son, your wife, your husband, your life partner, your best friend, your ex, your mailman, your mother, your dog, or your local friendly hardware store worker. You don’t need a special occasion or an official day. We don’t have to all agree it is OK to do it on that particular day. 
Just love. Show it openly. Tell the world and Facebook. Do it every day. It’s in your DNA. You need it. 
I declare today National I Am Going To Post About Who I Love Day…every day. 
By the way… My daughter, Mallory, is intelligent, beautiful, and compassionate, and I am blessed that she calls me Mom. Just thought I would throw that in since it is National I Am Going To Post About Who I Love Day! Now faith, hope, and love remain—these three things—and the greatest of these is love. 1 Corinthians 13 About Melanie Tubbs 
Melanie Tubbs is a professor, pastor, mother, Mimi, and true Arkansas woman. She lives with six cats and two dogs on a quiet hill in a rural county where she pastors a church and teaches history at the local university. Her slightly addictive personality comes out in shameful Netflix binges and a massive collection of books. Vegetarian cooking, reading mountains of books for her seminary classes, and crocheting for the churches prayer shawl ministry take up most of her free time, and sharing the love of Christ forms the direction of her life. May the Peace of Christ be with You. Connect",0
8664,Khodorkovsky: Putin is not going to cozy up to Washington,"Print version Font Size The number of predictions about the state of affairs in the US-Russian relations after the presidential election in the United States continues to grow. Former oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky did not stay aside and predicted that there would be nothing good in the US-Russian relations after the election, regardless of who wins the vote. If Hillary Clinton takes office as president, the relations between Russia and the United States will deteriorate further. According to the ex-oligarch, Putin was originally prepared for Clinton's victory in the election, therefore, he has been allegedly trying to damage the relations between the two countries during the recent months. The logic is as follows: ""He'd better to go down to the bottom so that she could make only one step - up."" ""If Mrs. Clinton wins, then the bottom that Putin sees will not be the real bottom. She knows how to hit Putin to make him fall even lower. She has an extensive experience, and she will not forgive - I'm talking about the American establishment here - she will not forgive interference in the internal electoral process in the United States,"" Mikhail Khodorkovsky, the head of Open Russia told Politico . When Khodorkovsky speaks about Clinton's ""extensive experience"" does he have Libya in mind? And of course, it is only Hillary Clinton, who knows all about the real bottom. If the Russian president was originally prepared for the victory of the former Secretary of State, then it is not clear why he would need to interfere in the ""internal electoral process."" Did he want to cause even greater damage to the US-Russian relations to give Clinton a chance to start it all over again? Or Putin? Or both? Why would he need to interfere, if she would not ""forgive?"" Noteworthy, on the eve of election day in the USA, former US ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul gave an interview to Russian media. McFaul stated in the interview that he did not think of Hillary Clinton as a supporter of a hard line course against Russia.""I think the claim that the fear-mongering that Trump himself and Trump supports say to scare American voters that Secretary Clinton is going to start a war with Russia is completely absurd, completely has nothing to do with the reality. Only a total crazy person would start a war with Russia,"" McFaul told Interfax . Clinton understands that there will be no war between the U.S. and Russia, ""she is not crazy,"" he added. ""I think she takes a very pragmatic approach to defend America's national interests and security and economic interests of our allies,"" McFaul said. ""She's not going to become president to say ""it is my goal to improve relations with Russia"". What is she's going to do instead is she is going to say that ""it is my goal with Russia to accomplish policy items A, B and C."" And then she is going to decide which strategy, which instrument of policy [will achieve that]. Sometimes it will be engagement and sometimes [it will] be containment,"" Michael McFaul said, Interfax reports. Unlike the former ambassador, Mikhail Khodorkovsky does not leave Hillary Clinton any room for maneuver. What if Donald Trump leaves? There will not be anything good for Russia anyway, Khodorkovsky believes. A conflict between the two countries will be highly likely as well, because Putin is not going to cozy up to Washington. ""We all know people like Trump, and it is unlikely that Putin will play up to Trump's ambition, like, for example, Kadyrov (Chechen President - ed.) plays up to Putin's ambition,"" Khodorkovsky said.What does Kadyrov got to do with it? Is it just because his name rings the bell in the West? According to Khodorkovsky, it is difficult to predict what will happen after Putin refuses to subordinate Russia to Trump's will. ""Putin will not be able to do this, so it means that a conflict with Trump is inevitable.""Why is the ex-oligarch confident that the Republican candidate will wish to subjugate Russia? What does he know about Trump's thoughts on Russia? Does Khodorkovsky know something that everyone else does not know? The former oligarch does not expect anything positive in relations between Russia and the United States, and it seems that this is the most desirable option for him. Anton Kulikov",0
8665,Russian navy honors Cuban independence leader and Soviet soldiers,"Russian navy honors Cuban independence leader and Soviet soldiers October 28, 2016 TASS cuba , navy The patrol ship Yaroslav Mudry. Source: Mil.ru 
Russian sailors from the Baltic Fleet’s Yaroslav Mudry frigate and the Lena tanker paid tribute to Cuba’s national hero, Jose Marti, and to Soviet soldiers, the Baltic Fleet’s spokesman Roman Martov told TASS. 
""In the port of Havana, the Baltic Fleet sailors laid wreaths at monuments dedicated to Cuba’s independence leader, Jose Marti, and to Soviet soldiers,"" Martov said, noting it was the first call of Russia’s Baltic Fleet warships at the port of Cuba’s capital in the post-Soviet era. 
During the visit, the group’s commanders held talks with defense officials from the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces’ external relations department, commanders of the Revolutionary Navy and representatives of Havana’s Mayor’s Office. The sailors also visited the city’s historic district and museums. In the meantime, the Yaroslav Mudry frigate hosted tours onboard the ship for Havana’s local residents and tourists. 
The Yaroslav Mudry set sail on a lengthy voyage from the Russian city of Baltiysk on June 1, in line with the Russian Navy’s combat training plan.",0
8666,"James Cartwright, Ex-General, Pleads Guilty in Leak Case - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   James E. Cartwright, a retired Marine Corps general who as vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff served as a key member of President Obama’s national security team, agreed to plead guilty on Monday to lying to the F. B. I. about his discussions with reporters about Iran’s nuclear program. General Cartwright entered the guilty plea before Judge Richard J. Leon of Federal District Court for the District of Columbia. As part of the deal, prosecutors and defense lawyers agreed that under sentencing guidelines, the punishment could range from a $500 fine to six months in prison. However, the government reserved the right to argue for a higher sentence, and the judge is not bound by the guidelines. Judge Leon set a sentencing hearing for Jan. 17. During the   hearing, General Cartwright spoke stoically and in a calm voice, answering “Yes, sir” to a series of questions posed by the judge to make sure he understood what he was doing. He did not speak to reporters afterward, but in a statement said that he was not the original source of the information. “It was wrong for me to mislead the F. B. I. on Nov. 2, 2012, and I accept full responsibility for this,” General Cartwright said. “I knew I was not the source of the story and I didn’t want to be blamed for the leak. My only goal in talking to the reporters was to protect American interests and lives I love my country and continue to this day to do everything I can to defend it. ” His lawyer, Gregory B. Craig, said in a statement that his client had spoken to journalists after they had already reported their stories and that his motive was to prevent publication of information that might have harmed national security. The investigation focused on leaks to reporters for The New York Times and Newsweek. For General Cartwright, who was known as “Obama’s favorite general” before his retirement in 2011, the plea amounts to a stunning fall. It also adds a new twist to a surge of   criminal cases in the Obama era. The case grew out of a period of political furor over leaks in the summer of 2012, when numerous books and articles appeared about Mr. Obama’s national security record during his first term. Republicans in Congress accused the White House of deliberately leaking government secrets, endangering national security to make Mr. Obama look tough in an election year. The administration denied that charge, and the attorney general at the time, Eric H. Holder Jr. appointed two United States attorneys to look into two specific disclosures, one of which was the cyberattack on Iran’s nuclear program. NBC News reported in 2013 that the Iran cyberattack investigation was focused on General Cartwright. The cyberattack was Operation Olympic Games, a joint United   effort to sabotage Iranian nuclear centrifuges with a computer virus sometimes called Stuxnet. A description of it was contained in “Confront and Conceal,” a book by David E. Sanger, a New York Times reporter, that was also adapted as an article published by The Times. “In researching his book ‘Confront and Conceal’ and his stories for The New York Times, David E. Sanger relied on multiple sources in Washington, Europe, the Middle East and elsewhere. Most of them spoke on the condition of anonymity,” The Times said in a statement on Monday. “As in the past, neither The Times nor Mr. Sanger will discuss whether a particular person was a source or the sourcing of particular information that was published, beyond what has been disclosed in our stories and in the book,” the statement continued. “Reporting like this serves a vital public interest: explaining how the United States is using a powerful new technology against its adversaries and the concern that it raises about how similar weapons can be used against the U. S. We will continue to pursue that reporting vigorously. “We are disappointed that the Justice Department has gone forward with the leak investigation that led to today’s guilty plea by General Cartwright,” it added. “These investigations send a chilling message to all government employees that they should not speak to reporters. The inevitable result is that the American public is deprived of information that it needs to know. ” Prosecutors also accused General Cartwright of lying about his conversations with another reporter, Daniel Klaidman, then of Newsweek. They said that the general had falsely told investigators that he had never discussed an unnamed country with Mr. Klaidman, but that he had sent an email to that reporter that “confirmed certain classified information relating” to that country in February 2012. Mr. Klaidman wrote an article in February 2012 about the Obama administration’s policy toward disrupting the Iranian nuclear program, including a section about a conversation between General Cartwright and Mr. Obama in early 2009 about various covert sabotage efforts. The list included cyberwarfare programs to damage centrifuges. He declined to comment on Monday. It was reported by Foreign Policy in the fall of 2013 that General Cartwright had been stripped of his security clearance. But with no official word from the Justice Department since then, it had seemed that the case was being handled administratively rather than criminally. On Monday morning, however, federal prosecutors filed criminal information against General Cartwright stating that on Nov. 2, 2012, investigators showed him “a list of quotes and quotations from David Sanger’s book, a number of which contained classified information,” but that he falsely told investigators that “he was not the source of any of the quotes and statements” and that “he did not provide or confirm classified information to David Sanger. ” General Cartwright’s guilty plea  —   not for leaking, but for lying to agents pursuing an investigation into an apparent leak  —   was reminiscent of the case prosecutors brought during the George W. Bush administration against I. Lewis Libby, a former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney. Mr. Libby was charged with lying about his conversations with journalists to investigators looking into the disclosure of a C. I. A. official’s identity, but was not charged over the leak itself. Before General Cartwright’s plea, the Obama administration had already brought criminal charges in more than twice as many cases involving leaks of government secrets to the news media as were brought under all previous presidents combined. They included eight officials it charged under the Espionage Act, although in some cases that charge was dropped. In a ninth   case in the Obama era, the government struck a deal with David H. Petraeus, a prominent retired general who served as director of the C. I. A. He pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of mishandling classified information related to accusations that he let his biographer read notebooks containing national security secrets, although she did not publish any of them. Mr. Petraeus also admitted to lying to the F. B. I. but he was not charged with that offense under his plea deal. He paid a fine and was sentenced to two years of probation.",0
8667,Humana Plans to Pull Out of Obamacare’s Insurance Exchanges - The New York Times,"Humana announced on Tuesday that it would no longer offer health insurance coverage in the state marketplaces created under the federal health care law, becoming the first major insurer to cast a   vote over selling individual plans on the public exchanges for 2018. President Trump immediately seized on the company’s decision as evidence that the Affordable Care Act needed to be repealed and replaced. “Obamacare continues to fail,” he said on Twitter. The company’s decision is likely to set off a contentious debate about who is to blame for the market’s current shakiness. While the president and Republicans have vowed to undo the health care law, they have yet to come up with a solid plan. Insurers are complaining loudly about the uncertainty surrounding what will happen in the coming years, even though many states’ exchanges have showed some signs of stability. Several major insurers have said they cannot begin to decide whether to offer coverage next year until the government clarifies if and how it plans to change the rules. Based in Louisville, Ky. Humana is not a major player in the individual exchanges and is among the national insurers, like Aetna and UnitedHealth Group, that have struggled to make money in the market. The company has steadily scaled back its presence, selling policies for 2017 in just 11 states. In early January, the company said the number of its customers buying coverage through the exchanges had dropped to about 150, 000, a small fraction of the roughly 12 million individuals who initially signed up for coverage through the exchanges. The company’s main focus has been selling private insurance under Medicare. Humana released word of its withdrawal on Tuesday after it announced that it would no longer pursue a merger with Aetna, another large insurer. The Justice Department won a legal challenge against the combination last month. The company cited an “initial analysis of data” about the type of customers who signed up for its plans this year, and it said that it saw no evidence that the market was improving but that it was “seeing further signs of an unbalanced risk pool,” as customers with expensive medical conditions continued to enroll as compared with healthy people. Humana’s move “could be a harbinger of things to come,” said Sabrina Corlette, a research professor at Georgetown University who studies the health insurance market and who has warned that the lack of clarity from Congress and the Trump administration could result an exodus by insurers. “These insurance companies are having to make business decisions in an environment of great uncertainty,” Professor Corlette said. “They’re not required to participate in these markets. ” Humana did not immediately respond to requests for comment, but the decision was also clearly intended to tell its shareholders and others how it viewed its future as a   company. “They’ve been pulling out of the market for a couple of years,” said Gary Claxton, a policy analyst for the Kaiser Family Foundation, who said it was not clear how much the current uncertainty might have affected the company’s thinking. “I don’t really think this was their future. ” On the same day, the fallout from the Justice Department’s decision to block the merger of two other large insurers, Anthem and Cigna, resulted in a lawsuit by Cigna seeking $13 billion in damages from Anthem. The two companies have been reluctant partners, and Anthem had recently vowed to appeal the judge’s decision to support the challenge by the Justice Department.",0
8668,What Lessons America Can Learn From This Election Cycle - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"What Lessons America Can Learn From This Election Cycle Close With the 2016 presidential election now concluded after 18 months, Americans can look back for lessons on how to move forward as a nation. Here’s what the nation can learn from this election cycle: 
How the old elementary school is holding up 
It’s possible to start from great wealth and privilege and rise to the highest office in the land 
Americans have a great capacity for forgiveness when it comes to sexual assault 
Your father/son/brother/mother/daughter/uncle/aunt is a fucking moron 
Never pick up the phone from an unknown number within six months of Election Day 
Mankind is a fickle creature whose intentions are often contradictory and harmful to the self 
Gary Johnson was the governor of New Mexico 
There’s a slight chance America is not yet a post-racial society 
For as little as $3, you can receive unwanted emails every day indefinitely 
That while conservative fiscal reform through spending restraint and privatization could theoretically lead to economic growth, a more liberal program of tax relief for impoverished citizens, restricting corporate inversions, and enforcing exit taxes on businesses operating abroad also has reason for implementation 
It’s only a matter of time until Eric Trump turns 35 
You don’t want to find out who else lives in this country Share This Story: WATCH VIDEO FROM THE ONION Sign up For The Onion's Newsletter 
Give your spam filter something to do. Daily Headlines ",0
8669,"QUIZ – Which Matters Most to Mental Health? Rain, Temperature, Sunshine or Pollution","By Heather Callaghan, Editor There’s no denying that nature – and our exposure to it – has a profound effect on our mental well-being. Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) is only... ",0
8670,6 More State Workers Charged in Flint Water Crisis - The New York Times,"FLINT, Mich.  —   State prosecutors filed criminal charges against six more government workers here on Friday in connection with Flint’s water contamination crisis, accusing them of concealing urgent information about the lead that was leaching into the city’s drinking water and doing nothing to stop it. The charges bring to nine the number of public employees criminally charged in the public health crisis, all midlevel bureaucrats or lower. Flint residents have been outraged that   officials have so far escaped any consequences. But the Michigan attorney general, Bill Schuette, hinted at a news conference on Friday that charges against   officials might follow, saying that investigators were “moving up the chain” and “going where the truth takes us, period. ” The widening inquiry comes as Flint’s residents continue to cope with the effects of the contamination. Concerns about the water emerged more than two years ago, but residents’ complaints were brushed off until last fall, when Gov. Rick Snyder acknowledged the scope of the problem. Tests continue to show that unfiltered tap water is still not safe to drink, and public health workers are trying to monitor thousands of Flint children who may have been exposed to high levels of lead, which can profoundly affect growth, behavior and intelligence over time. Mr. Schuette said the employees charged Friday  —   three from Michigan’s Department of Health and Human Services and three from its Department of Environmental Quality  —   all “attempted to bury or cover up, to downplay or hide information” about the lead contamination that began in April 2014, when Flint began using the Flint River as its water supply to save money. “Their story was, there is nothing wrong with Flint water and it was perfectly safe to use,” said Mr. Schuette, a Republican who is seen as a possible candidate for governor in 2018. “In essence, these individuals concealed the truth. They were criminally wrong to do so. ” The accused include Liane Shekter Smith, who led the state environmental agency’s Drinking Water and Municipal Assistance unit until she was fired in February. Prosecutors said she withheld information about the severe health risks of using the water after the lead contamination was underway and failed to protect the citizens of Flint. She was charged with one count of misconduct in office, a felony punishable by up to five years in prison, and one count of willful neglect of duty, a misdemeanor. The other Department of Environmental Quality employees charged were Adam Rosenthal, a water regulator who prosecutors said doctored reports about lead levels in Flint’s water, and Patrick Cook, another regulator they said misled officials with the federal Environmental Protection Agency about the city’s water quality. Both men were charged with misconduct in office and conspiracy. Mr. Cook was also charged with willful neglect of duty, and Mr. Rosenthal with tampering with evidence. Also charged were Nancy Peeler, the Early Childhood Health Section manager in the state’s Department of Health and Human Services Robert Scott, a data analyst for the department and Corinne Miller, a state epidemiologist. Prosecutors said the three employees learned last July of a spike in the number of Flint children with elevated blood lead levels but concealed the results. After seeing an internal report showing the increase, Mr. Schuette said, Ms. Peeler and Mr. Scott “produced a bogus report” that showed no worrisome rise in lead levels. Ms. Miller, who was the state’s top epidemiologist but has since left the job, instructed others not to take action on the initial report, Mr. Schuette said. The three are charged with one count each of misconduct in office, conspiracy and willful neglect of duty. The four employees charged Friday who were still working for the state were suspended without pay. Todd Flood, the special counsel for the investigation, noted that on the same day that the health officials learned about the spike in blood lead levels, July 28 of last year, the environmental officials charged were doctoring water quality reports, and he hinted at a broader conspiracy. “You have two agencies manipulating reports on the same day,” Mr. Flood said, “and that lock step, going to stage left, that seems significant to me. ” Mr. Schuette, who said last month that investigators were having trouble getting documents they had requested from Governor Snyder’s private lawyers, said they had since had “great constructive dialogue” with Mr. Snyder’s team. The investigators refused to say whether they had interviewed Mr. Snyder, but one, Andrew Arena, said, “Nobody’s off limits, and the facts will take us to the truth. ” He likened the investigation to an organized crime case, which starts with   people with the expectation that they can lead them to those at the top. “You don’t start at the top with organized crime,” Mr. Arena said. “That’s what we’re doing here. ” Flint began using the Flint River as its water supply to save money, but state regulators failed to require the city to add chemicals to prevent pipe corrosion, causing lead to leach into the water system. Brian P. Morley, a lawyer for Ms. Shekter Smith, said he was “surprised at these charges” and expected his client to plead not guilty. A lawyer for Ms. Miller declined to comment other defendants did not immediately return calls. Two other state employees and a Flint municipal employee  —   Michael Prysby, a district engineer with the environmental quality department, Stephen Busch, a district supervisor in the same department, and Michael Glasgow, Flint’s utilities manager  —   were charged in April in connection with the lead contamination. Mr. Glasgow has since agreed to cooperate with investigators in exchange for reduced charges. A report last month from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that children drinking Flint water had a nearly 50 percent higher chance of elevated blood lead levels during the   period that the city was using river water. A local pediatrician, Dr. Mona   completed her own study in September 2015 and was the first to publicly warn of the spike in lead levels. The investigators said they were also investigating a possible connection between the water contamination and an outbreak of Legionnaires’ disease that sickened at least 87 people in the Flint region, with nine known deaths, from June 2014 through October 2015. “You can rest assured that that is on our radar every day,” Mr. Flood said. “That is an investigation that is ongoing, and we have the best experts in the world working with us. ”",0
8671,The Cavs That LeBron James Assembled Are Getting Clobbered - The New York Times,"OAKLAND, Calif.  —   Before excuses are made for LeBron James, before the bulk of the blame for consecutive horror shows at Oracle Arena is heaped on a supporting cast of Cleveland Cavaliers that has turned to dust when removed from a comfy Eastern Conference refuge, it must be reiterated that this was the team the King himself courted. This was the crew James left Miami for, the one he reconfigured with   leverage upon returning home and then stood by approvingly when a coach with an impeccable (albeit limited) N. B. A. record was dismissed for a replacement with no   record at all. That is not to say that Tyronn Lue, who slid over into David Blatt’s   seat midseason, is the primary reason  —   if a reason at all  —   that the Cavaliers are down, two games to none, against the Golden State Warriors in the N. B. A. finals and, thus far, are embarrassing themselves. Losing in the finals to a Golden State team that won a record 73   games, if that is the inevitable result, would be no disgrace. But if the series continues this way, and so far it has not been remotely competitive, the epitaph for the Cavaliers’ season should be: This is the team James wanted, and assembled. After waiting outside the interview room for Lue to finish with reporters on Sunday night, James sat down, removed his sunglasses, picked up the microphone as if he were hosting a charity event and took responsibility for Game 2’s   obliteration of his team on top of the      beating it took in Game 1. He called himself out for carelessness with the ball, for committing seven of his team’s 17 turnovers in Game 2, for not making life easier for his overwhelmed teammates. “I’m not disappointed in our guys or frustrated,” he said. “I’m one of the guys who kind of always wants to shoulder the blame and take the blame when we don’t play as well as we should. It’s just who I am, and I’ve got to be better. ” Sloppy as he was, James was still the best performing Cavalier, with Richard Jefferson, a    role player, as the  . Against the Warriors, that was a formula for the disaster Game 2 became in the third quarter, with the Cavaliers sending most of the East Coast to bed early with an unconditional, emotionless surrender. After Game 1, Lue said it was mandatory that the Cavaliers pick up the pace on offense. After Game 2, James cited the turnovers and the Cavaliers’ inability to get back and set up their defense. This sounded good, but, well, whatever. The Warriors scored only 14   points to the Cavaliers’ 11, and who cannot see that the Cavaliers, on defense, have no clue how to deal with the Warriors in their   sets? The Warriors had 55 assists in the two games here. The Cavaliers had 32. This disparity speaks to an athletic Golden State defense of interchangeable parts but also to Cleveland’s lack of the same and its poor defensive habits. When the ball and bodies start moving, the Cavaliers look like   children scrambling to find a seat in a game of musical chairs. Klay Thompson takes two dribbles toward the lane, kicks it out to a scorching Draymond Green, and the Cavaliers’ rotation is too slow, or nonexistent. “He drove and kicked, and their defense was collapsing,” said Green, who torched the Cavaliers for 28 points, with five  . Collapsing was the right characterization, literally and figuratively. Forget Stephen Curry. Green and Andre Iguodala, who both play at forward, look like   point guards, shredding Cleveland’s defense with pinpoint passing for uncontested shots at the rim. On the Warriors’ last possession of the third quarter, the ball whipped around the perimeter, touching the hands of all five players before Thompson nailed a 3. The Cavaliers should have sued for whiplash. “These guys put you in so many mental positions where you have to figure it out, and they make you pay for it when you don’t,” James said. He has always been a willing and able defender, but what can we say about Kyrie Irving, who habitually loses his man, and J. R. Smith, who loses his focus and occasionally his mind? Irving was supposed to carry an offensive load in this series, ease the burden on James. He has taken 36 shots and made 12. Kevin Love was forced out of the game with a possible concussion after taking an inadvertent elbow to the head from Harrison Barnes. There was more to the story. Love had his back to Barnes, bracing to rebound a   attempt by Thompson. He was also   allowing Barnes to leap over him, another illustration of how difficult it has been for the Cavaliers to hide Love’s lack of athleticism. Love is just one example  —   although the most egregious  —   of what can happen when a player, even the very best player, enjoys the kind of executive leverage James has had since rejoining the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014. The denials from his camp and the Cleveland front office have naturally been vehement. They say James did not insist on trading Andrew Wiggins, the No. 1 pick of that year’s draft, to Minnesota for the overrated Love, a deal that deprived the Cavaliers of a superior young athlete James might have mentored. Nor, they contend, did James badger the Cavaliers’ general manager, David Griffin, into trading for the compulsively erratic Smith  —   who scored a combined 8 points in the two games here  —   or point a thumb down on the status of Blatt after publicly emasculating him during the 2015 playoffs. But agents who have had business with the Cavaliers speak of Griffin’s telling them he would get back to them after checking matters with James. League people remind you that Michael Jordan never had such power in Chicago and, based on the personnel decisions he opposed, probably would not have won six titles if he did have it. James has been and remains a superb player spokesman for the league in ways that Jordan never was. On Saturday, speaking of Muhammad Ali, he said, among other things gracious and smart, “I would never compare myself to Muhammad Ali because I never had to go through what those guys had to go through back in those times. ” He can and has affected his community in ways that his predecessors could not, thanks to staggering wealth and corporate support. But the one thing he  —   or any player  —   should never be is in charge of a franchise. He was not in Miami, where Pat Riley ruled, and James just happened to win two rings. Let’s remember that the Warriors looked ragged and lost in recent consecutive blowouts in Oklahoma City. But based on what we saw here, the Cavaliers had better win both games in Cleveland, or summer vacation will begin by early next week. And that is when we will learn how James really feels about the team he chose, the players he pushed for. Will he accept the blame then, or put the cool sunglasses back on and turn an executive thumb down?",0
8672,Study: Statin Cholesterol-lowering Drug Use Linked to Increase in Parkinson’s Disease,"Medscape 
Excerpts: 
BALTIMORE — New findings from a large national claims database show the use of cholesterol-lowering statin drugs to be associated with an increased risk for Parkinson’s disease (PD), contrary to previous research suggesting the drugs have a protective effect for PD. 
“We identified 20,000 Parkinson’s disease patients and looked at whether using statins was associated with a higher or lower risk, and we found people using statins have a higher risk of the disease, so this is the opposite of what has been hypothesized,” senior author Xuemei Huang, MD, PhD, vice chair for research at Penn State College of Medicine, Hershey, Pennsylvania, told Medscape Medical News . 
While high cholesterol has been shown to have a protective effect on the risk for PD, the role of statin use has been the subject of debate. Published on October 31, 2016",0
8673,"Before G-20, Obama Tries to Smooth Things Over With Turkey - The New York Times","HANGZHOU, China  —   President Obama sought on Sunday to heal a rift with Turkey, expressing his wholehearted support for its president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in the wake of a failed effort to oust him and promising America’s help in bringing the coup plotters to justice. Mr. Obama’s comments, after he met with Mr. Erdogan before a Group of 20 summit meeting here, seemed calculated to smooth over hard feelings in Turkey, where some officials had blamed the United States for fomenting the July 15 uprising by elements of the military. He said nothing about Mr. Erdogan’s crackdown after the coup, in which tens of thousands of people were  arrested. And his reference to helping Turkey bring the perpetrators of the uprising to justice was not accidental: Mr. Erdogan is demanding that the United States extradite Fethullah Gulen, a Turkish Muslim cleric living in Pennsylvania whom he accused of inciting the coup. “This is the first opportunity that I’ve had to meet face to face with President Erdogan since the terrible attempted coup,” Mr. Obama said, facing the Turkish leader across a long table. “We’re glad you’re here, safe, and that we are able to continue to work together. ” He papered over the fact that Turkey’s interests have diverged recently from those of the United States, particularly in Syria, where Turkish forces have intervened to prevent Syrian Kurds from making further gains in the northern part of the country. The Kurds are trained and equipped by the United States, which views them as critical in the military campaign against the Islamic State. But Mr. Erdogan fears they are trying to create an unbroken Kurdish corridor just south of Turkey’s border with Syria. The Syrian Kurds have links to Turkish Kurds, who have been fighting his government. Mr. Erdogan said it was important for the United States and Turkey to fight against all terrorist groups, not just the Islamic State. He mentioned the acronyms of two Syrian Kurdish groups. “We have to embrace the same stance against all terrorist organizations around the world,” he said. “Our hope is never to see a belt of terrorism, a corridor of terrorism emerging in or around our region. ” Still, Mr. Erdogan was more conciliatory to Mr. Obama than he had been toward Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. when Mr. Biden traveled to Turkey last month. Mr. Biden apologized for not having visited sooner, but Mr. Erdogan sat   complaining that Mr. Gulen used his home in Pennsylvania as a base to destabilize the Turkish government. On Sunday, Mr. Erdogan did not repeat those claims. He merely said that the Turkish government planned to submit additional legal evidence against Mr. Gulen to the Justice Department, which will recommend to a federal judge whether to extradite him. Mr. Erdogan noted that the Justice Department had sent officials to Turkey to investigate the case. Earlier in the day, Mr. Obama held his first meeting with Britain’s new prime minister, Theresa May. He reassured her, as he had her predecessor, David Cameron, that Britain’s vote to leave the European Union would have no effect on its relationship with the United States.",0
8674,300 Marines to Aid Fight Against Taliban in Spring - The New York Times,"KABUL, Afghanistan  —   Approximately 300 United States Marines will return this spring to help fight a resurgent Taliban in the southern Afghan province of Helmand, the site of a yearslong bloody campaign, American officials in Afghanistan said on Saturday. An American military spokesman in Kabul said the Marines would replace an Army unit stationed in Helmand, and would offer training and advice to members of the Afghan military and the national police. “The Marine rotation is to replace soldiers currently here conducting the train, advise and assist mission,” said Brig. Gen. Charles H. Cleveland, a spokesman for United States forces in Afghanistan. “We’re very pleased that the Marines will rotate in, as they have tremendous institutional history in the region. ” The Marines were last in Helmand, a hotbed of Taliban fighters and poppy cultivation, in October 2014. Since then, Afghan forces, suffering from leadership woes and plagued by corruption, have struggled to hold territory, with district after district falling to the Taliban. For months now, the insurgents have been at the gates of the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah. The Afghan military welcomed the news of the Marines’ return. “We have been asking our foreign counterparts in security meetings to increase the level of their troops in Helmand Province to help us on the battlefields,” said Shakil Ahmad, an Afghan Army spokesman. Mr. Ahmad said the security situation in region was rapidly deteriorating. The Taliban appeared unfazed by the news of the Marines’ return. “Our mujahedeen continued their progress in the presence of tens of thousands of Americans and other invading forces,” said Qari Yousef Ahmadi, a Taliban spokesman. “A few hundred other soldiers won’t become an obstacle on the way of our progress. ” Fewer than 8, 400 American troops are currently in Afghanistan, deployed either through NATO to train Afghan forces or as part of a smaller American counterterrorism mission. President Obama declared the United States combat mission in Afghanistan over in December 2014. But in the past year, as violence has spread across the country, the line for the American military between consulting and fighting has increasingly blurred. At the peak of a troop surge in 2011, there were about 20, 000 Marines fighting across Helmand alongside thousands of British soldiers. Western troops fought the Taliban village to village, and tried to win civilians’ hearts and minds by doling out cash for bridges and roads. The Taliban recently told Lashkar Gah residents to store food items, warning that they would once again cut off Helmand’s main highway to the regional economic hub, Kandahar Province. Unlike in the past, fighting between government troops and the Taliban has not diminished with the coming of this year’s winter. Many fear that when fighting intensifies in the spring, the Taliban will be starting from a position of strength around several provincial capitals. Ensuring that Afghan leaders take advantage of the winter to improve leadership and root out corruption will be critical to how they tackle Taliban pressure in the spring, American officials said.",0
8675,Lifelong Dream No Match For First Brush With Adversity - The Onion - America's Finest News Source,"Report: Friend Has Been Going By Middle Name This Whole Fucking Time CALABASAS, CA—Astounded that it had never come up at any point in the six years they had known each other, local woman Lucy Reed, 25, reported Tuesday that her friend Nicole Silberthau had apparently been going by her middle name this whole fucking time. Cake Just Sitting There Take It CHICAGO—Assuring you that there was nothing to worry about and not a soul around who would see you, sources confirmed Tuesday that a large piece of chocolate cake was just sitting there and that you should go ahead and take it. Man Approaches Box Of Powdered Doughnuts Like Snake Discovering Unguarded Clutch Of Bird Eggs ASHEBORO, NC—Quietly slinking into his office’s break room after spying the unattended confections from afar, area marketing associate Dan Keegan reportedly approached a box of powdered doughnuts Monday like a pine snake discovering an unguarded clutch of bluebird eggs. Reality Of Fatherhood Never Truly Dawned On Man Until He Held Newborn Son’s Hospital Bill MISSOULA, MT—Describing how he suddenly found himself overwhelmed by a flood of intense emotions, local man Mike Bentzen told reporters Monday the reality of fatherhood didn’t truly set in for him until the moment he held his newborn son’s hospital bill. All-Business Adult In Halloween Shop Beelines It Straight For Pinhead Mask BROOKLINE, MA—Without so much as glancing at the seasonal store’s wide selection of other Halloween-themed merchandise, all-business 34-year-old Brian Aubin reportedly strode right past several aisles of costumes and accessories Friday and beelined it straight for the Pinhead masks. ",0
8676,Trump Talks Tough on U.S.-China Trade but Delays Real Action - The New York Times,"SHANGHAI  —   President Trump appeared to follow through on Friday on his promises to get tough on trade with China, less than a week before he is to meet with President Xi Jinping of China. In two executive orders, Mr. Trump called for tighter enforcement of tariffs imposed in   and   trade cases, as well as a comprehensive review of the United States trade deficits  —   measures that reflect America’s economic tensions with China. A pair of earlier presidential Twitter posts played to the tough talk: Mr. Trump said next week’s meeting with China “will be a very difficult one,” given the “massive trade deficits” and “job losses. ” But beneath the surface, the moves betrayed a trade policy in disarray, with the administration troubled by staffing deficiencies and a lack of consensus over strategic direction. With more talk than action, the orders so far seem more like a delaying tactic that gives administration officials the time to come up with a unified trade policy, which has eluded them so far. The delays in instituting an overall trade policy, particularly the 90 days for reviewing trade deficits, could also have geopolitical advantages. By putting off decisions on economic policy, Mr. Trump gets an opportunity to focus next week with Mr. Xi on North Korea. American officials are increasingly concerned that North Korea may already have mounted a nuclear weapon on an intercontinental ballistic missile that can reach the United States or will very soon be able to do so. During his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump criticized China for unfair trade practices, accusing it of draining millions of jobs from the United States through a huge imbalance. In Mr. Trump’s view, that deficit was fed by Chinese currency manipulation, government subsidies to exporters and other directives aimed at giving China’s homegrown players an edge. The executive orders, though, do not really address those problems. The   review of the trade deficit, described as a comprehensive examination of the products and countries responsible for the gap, looks more like an economics classroom exercise than a foundation for policy. While portrayed as a new approach, it is the latest in a very long lineup of federal reports on trade. Every year, the Office of the United States Trade Representative produces a voluminous report on foreign failures to protect intellectual property and another massive report on foreign trade barriers. The United States International Trade Commission, a separate federal agency, is constantly being asked by administrations and by Congress to produce lengthy reports on specific issues. And the Commerce Department produces a very detailed monthly report on trade statistics that includes data by country and by industry. As for improving enforcement, that is a somewhat technical issue. In the order, Mr. Trump wants to ensure that the steep tariffs imposed in   and   cases are collected. Over the years entrepreneurs have been suspected of setting up new companies in the United States to import goods, often from China, in the monthslong period after the government imposes such tariffs but before their exact amount is calculated. The companies bring the goods into the United States and sell them, and then the companies disappear or file for bankruptcy before the final duties can be collected. “There are many unscrupulous tricks of the trade being used  —   especially by China  —   to evade   duties and thus continue cheating through the use of dumping and subsidies,” said Thomas M. Sneeringer, a former steel industry lawyer who is now the president of the Committee to Support U. S. Trade Laws, a manufacturing trade group. “These include falsifying the country of origin, transshipping, misclassifying products and outright criminal fraud. ” But these cases aren’t an economic game changer. As little as 1 percent of American imports are covered by steep tariffs, and the actual effect of illegal violations of these tariffs is far narrower still. “They’re politically sensitive, but in terms of the overall trade balance, they’re going to have a limited effect,” said Alan Wolff, a former American trade official who is now a senior counsel at the law firm Dentons. What really could make a difference for the trade deficit would be if the United States imposed a     tax. Such a move would essentially impose a tax on goods from other countries. It would strike at the heart of the trade deficit. Each year, the United States buys $4 worth of Chinese goods for each $1 worth of American goods that China buys. The   tax has strong similarities to the way China and the European Union assess taxes. The combined value of import tariffs and average state sales taxes in the United States is just 9 percent. Import taxes plus value added taxes  —   a kind of sales tax  —   total 27 percent in China and roughly 25 percent in Western Europe. Above all, the Trump administration still has not made the most fundamental strategic decision. Will the main priority on trade be a   tax as part of tax reform in Congress? Or will the main priority be a long series of narrow,   trade disputes? Peter Navarro, the director of Mr. Trump’s National Trade Council, and Wilbur Ross, the choice for commerce secretary, appear to favor a more aggressive approach like the border tax. Others, like Gary Cohn, the head of the National Economic Council, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, could have a moderating influence. Chinese officials have been watching the issue with rapt attention. Zhong Shan, China’s new minister of commerce, was asked at a news conference during the National People’s Congress annual session in early March which of two difficult outcomes he might prefer. A   tax would impose a heavy financial burden on Chinese exports and the Chinese economy, but it might result in limited diplomatic friction. The tax would amount to a single action by the United States and would apply equally to trade with all foreign countries  —   not just China. A flurry of   trade restrictions by the United States might not add up to a lot of money, because bilateral trade is divided into thousands of categories. But it could produce a long series of diplomatic confrontations. Mr. Zhong, in the usual fashion of trade ministers, did not address the question directly, endorsing a continuation of existing trade relationships. “No protectionism,” he said, “serves the interests of the two countries. ”",0
8677,Geena Davis Talks About ‘The Exorcist’ and Women Onscreen - The New York Times,"By her own admission, Geena Davis is not the norm when it comes to gender disparity onscreen. “I’ve been really lucky to play a lot of important roles in movies, and I got to be really cool things,” she said, ticking off a list that includes a baseball phenomenon (“A League of Their Own”) a pirate captain (“Cutthroat Island”) and, perhaps the coolest of them all, a housewife on the lam in “Thelma and Louise. ” Now she’s Angela Rance, a Chicago hotel manager, wife and mother of two daughters, in Fox’s “The Exorcist,” a retooling of the 1973 horror classic with a debut on Friday. She turns to her priest (Alfonso Herrera) when something in her home seems amiss. By the time “Tubular Bells” plays, you can be sure some heads are going to spin. It’s the kind of tantalizing role that Ms. Davis, now 60, had spent the last decade searching for since “Commander in Chief,” in which she played the first female president of the United States. And she knows it’s rare. In 2007, she founded the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media to study how girls and women are presented onscreen, which she discussed in a phone interview from Los Angeles, where she lives with her husband, daughter and twin sons. These are edited excerpts from that conversation. The pilot is scary, but I hear the show gets even scarier. We’re blown away, because every time we get the next script we’re like, “Oh my God, now what’s happening?” It’s going to get hella scary. [Laughs] There’s evil afoot, and the story grows to be far beyond what happens in our family. Had you seen the original movie? I was scarred for life when it came out. I already had enough problems with ghosts under the bed, ghosts in the closet and believing in every possible superstition. Seeing that added to the pile. Why did you found your gender institute? The impetus was my daughter. I was very aware of the lack of great female characters in film, because I was living it. And when “Thelma and Louise” came out, the reaction was so overwhelming that it made me realize how few opportunities we have for women to feel like that coming out of a movie  —   to feel empowered and inspired by the female characters. I had no clue that children’s media in the 21st century would be wildly imbalanced. And as a mother, I was horrified because what message is that sending to kids from the very beginning if the female characters are narrowly stereotyped or hypersexualized or not even there at all? How do you make your point? I go to meetings at the guilds and networks and studios and production companies and present the research in a private and collegial way. And the reaction is fantastic, because they’re shocked and horrified, and they want to make change. You recently introduced a tool that can measure not only how much time women are onscreen but also how much they speak. What have you learned? Women are not only fewer characters and have fewer lines, but they’re onscreen less when they are speaking than men. In other words, they were cutting to a male or something else when the females were talking  —   enough so that it was noteworthy. Many women said “Thelma and Louise” changed their lives. What about yours? It dramatically changed my life, because that’s what made me so interested in how women are represented onscreen and wanting to help change that. And this is my passion now.",0
8678,America’s Ruling Elite Has Failed and Deserves to Be Fired,"Leave a reply Charles Hugh Smith – The sole output of America’s Establishment/Ruling Elite is self-serving hubris. America’s Ruling Elite is freaking out because a significant percentage of the American public is trying to fire them. The Ruling Elite has failed and deserves to be fired, and deep down, they know it–and this awareness of their self-serving failure fuels their panic and their loathing of the non-elite Americans who are trying to fire them. If you think this chart of soaring student loan debt is a sign of “success,” you are 1) delusional 2) protected from the dire consequences of this failure 3) getting your paycheck from this failed system. That in a nutshell is the state of the nation: those who are protected from the consequences of failure are loyal to the Establishment, as are the millions drawing a paycheck from systems they know are irredeemable failures. Let’s review the central institutions of the nation: 1. Healthcare: a failed system doomed to bankrupt the nation. 2. Defense: a failed system of cartels and Pentagon fiefdoms that have saddled the nation with enormously costly failed weapons systems like the F-35 and the LCS. 3. Higher Education: a bloated, failed system that is bankrupting an entire generation while mis-educating them for productive roles in the emerging economy. (I cover this in depth in The Nearly Free University and the Emerging Economy and Get a Job, Build a Real Career and Defy a Bewildering Economy .) 4. Foreign policy: Iraq: a disaster. Afghanistan: a disaster. Libya: a disaster. Syria: a disaster. Need I go on? 5. Political governance: a corrupt system of self-serving elites, lobbyists, pay-to-play, corporate puppet-masters, and sociopaths who see themselves as above the law. In Why Our Status Quo Failed and Is Beyond Reform , I explain why the only possible output of these systems is failure. The sole output of America’s Establishment/Ruling Elite is self-serving hubris. In the open market, failed leadership has consequences. Customers vanish and the enterprise goes bankrupt, or shareholders and employees rally to fire the failed leadership. In our state-cartel system, failed leadership only tightens its grip on the nation’s throat. The Deep State can’t be fired, nor does it ever stand for election. The two political parties are interchangeable, as are the politicos who race from fund-raiser to fund-raiser. It’s tempting to blame the individuals who inhale the wealth and power of our failed system, but it’s the system, not the individuals, though a more corrupt, craven, self-serving lot cannot easily be assembled. In broad brush, the Establishment and its Ruling Elite are still fighting World War II. The solution to the Great Depression and fascism was to cede complete control of the economy, the media and the social order to the central state. Tens of millions of people were aggregated into vast industrial corporations or the Armed Forces. Everyone heard the same “news” and had the same limited choices of work and consumption. It was easier for the federal government to control a handful of cartel-corporations and unions, and this cemented the state-cartel system that remains dominant today. But the world and the economy changed, and this model was no longer efficient or effective. Sprawling corporations with captive domestic markets started facing global competition, and networks of interchangeable suppliers were much more efficient than vertically organized corporations. Adding layers of government bureaucracy to manage increasing complexity was no longer effective or affordable as labor costs rose and the efficiencies of networks outpaced cumbersome hierarchies. People lost faith in their government and their cartel-corporations because the truth broke through the state-managed propaganda. Industrial corporations were revealed as greedy polluters; auto manufacturers churned out vehicles with scant care for safety, and the federal government lied to the citizens about the war in Vietnam, and much else. The Internet was the stake through the heart of this inefficient, ineffective state-cartel hierarchy. The Internet enabled a level of transparency that was impossible in the old state-cartel model in which everyone watched the same three TV networks and read the same managed “news.” Consumers could now access the experience of other consumers directly, bypassing the filtering mechanisms of a complicit state and the corporate PR/marketing machinery. Governments were pressured to (very reluctantly) make public all sorts of material that was safely private in the good old days of backroom dealing and sweetheart contracts with pals. The central state’s resistance to transparency only reinforced the public’s loss of trust. The more money and power the state grabbed, the greater the level of corruption and self-serving insider dealing. The more the state managed the private cartels of banking, Big Pharma, higher education, the military-industrial complex, healthcare insurers, etc., the more costs soared while the quality of the output plummeted. The current self-serving Ruling Elite deserves to be fired for its abject failure of leadership. The nation desperately needs leaders who understand the economy and nation are in the midst of a new industrial/digital revolution that favors networks over hierarchy and transparency over state-cartel corruption. Unfortunately, as I explain in Resistance, Revolution, Liberation: A Model for Positive Change , the central state has no mechanisms for devolving power to decentralized networks, or surrendering either power or budgets. The central state only knows how to aggregate more power and skim more money from the private economy. The last failed remnants of the state-cartel hierarchies left over from World War II must implode before we can move forward. Healthcare, defense, pharmaceuticals, higher education, the mainstream media and the systems of governance must all decay to the point that no one can be protected from the destructive consequences of their failure, and no paychecks can be issued by these failed systems. Only then can we face the reality that failure has consequences.",0
8679,"Jeff Sessions Confirmed as Attorney General, Capping Bitter Battle - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Senator Jeff Sessions was confirmed on Wednesday as President Trump’s attorney general, capping a bitter and racially charged nomination battle that crested with the procedural silencing of a leading Democrat, Senator Elizabeth Warren. Mr. Sessions, an Alabama Republican, survived a    vote, 52 to 47, in the latest sign of the extreme partisanship at play as Mr. Trump strains to install his cabinet. No Republicans broke ranks in their support of a colleague who will become the nation’s top law enforcement official after two decades in the Senate. But the confirmation process  —   ferocious even by the standards of moldering decorum that have defined the body’s recent years  —   laid bare the Senate’s deep divisions at the outset of the Trump presidency. At the same time, the treatment of Ms. Warren, who was forced to stop speaking late Tuesday after criticizing Mr. Sessions from the Senate floor, rekindled the   politics that animated the presidential election and the women’s march protesting Mr. Trump the day after his inauguration last month. Mr. Sessions cast his final vote as a senator to note that he was present for Wednesday’s tally. His confirmation was met by applause from his colleagues, including a few Democrats, on the Senate floor. “I can’t express how appreciative I am for those of you who stood by me during this difficult time,” Mr. Sessions said shortly after the vote. “By your vote tonight, I have been given a real challenge. I’ll do my best to be worthy of it. ” Democrats spent the hours before the vote on Wednesday seething over the rebuke of Ms. Warren, of Massachusetts, who had been barred from speaking on the floor the previous night. Late Tuesday, Republicans voted to formally silence Ms. Warren after she read from a 1986 letter by Coretta Scott King that criticized Mr. Sessions for using “the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens” while serving as a United States attorney in Alabama. Since Mr. Trump announced his choice for attorney general, Mr. Sessions’s history with issues of race had assumed center stage. A committee hearing on his nomination included searing indictments from black Democratic lawmakers like Representative John Lewis of Georgia, the civil rights icon, and Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey, who broke with Senate tradition to testify against a peer. For weeks, Republicans rejected suggestions that Mr. Sessions could not be trusted on civil rights, arguing that he had been tarnished unfairly over accusations of racial insensitivity that have dogged him since the 1980s. “Everybody in this body knows Senator Sessions well, knows that he is a man of integrity, a man of principle,” Senator Dan Sullivan, Republican of Alaska, said during the debate on Wednesday afternoon. The “twisting” of Mr. Sessions’s record offended him, he said, even as Democrats continued their attacks on the nominee. As the 84th attorney general, Mr. Sessions brings a sharply conservative bent to the Justice Department and its 113, 000 employees. A former prosecutor, he promises a focus aligned with Mr. Trump in pushing a “law and order” agenda that includes tougher enforcement of laws on immigration, drugs and gun trafficking. Civil rights advocates worry, however, that he will reverse steps taken by the Obama administration in the last eight years to bring more accountability to police departments, state and local governments, and employers. Advocates point to his history of votes against various civil rights measures, as well as the accusations of racial insensitivity. Senator Patty Murray, a Washington Democrat, said on Wednesday that on civil rights, immigration, abortion, criminal sentencing guidelines and a range of other issues, Mr. Sessions had been far outside the mainstream and had pushed “extreme policies” often targeting minorities. That criticism peaked with Tuesday night’s rebuke of Ms. Warren, based on an arcane Senate rule that prevents members from impugning the character of a fellow senator, as she read the letter from Mrs. King, the widow of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Mrs. King wrote the letter in response to Mr. Sessions’s 1986 nomination for a federal judgeship, for which he was ultimately rejected in part because of accusations that he had been insensitive to minorities as a prosecutor. Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican majority leader, led the objection against Ms. Warren. His explanation afterward  —   “She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted”  —   instantly became a liberal rallying cry,   Ms. Warren as a leading voice of Democratic resistance to Mr. Trump. “What hit me the hardest was, it is about silence,” Ms. Warren told a group of civil rights leaders on Wednesday at the Capitol. “It’s about trying to shut people up. It’s about saying: ‘No, no, no. Just go ahead and vote. ’” Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, said on Wednesday that the censure was “totally, totally  ” and that it reflected an “   attitude” emanating from the White House. He and other Democrats said it served to mute legitimate criticism of Mr. Sessions’s record on civil rights and racial issues  —   one of their main avenues of attack at his contentious nomination hearing last month. The vote on Mr. Sessions came a day after Senate Republicans broke through a bottleneck in Mr. Trump’s nominees by approving Betsy DeVos, the embattled Republican donor, as education secretary with the help of a tiebreaking vote by Vice President Mike Pence. With Mr. Sessions’s confirmation, votes are expected in coming days on the nominations of Representative Tom Price of Georgia for secretary of health and human services and Steven T. Mnuchin for Treasury secretary. Mr. Sessions’s path to confirmation hit another snag that riled Democrats and energized opponents of his nomination: Mr. Trump’s dramatic firing of the acting leader of the Justice Department. Last week, Mr. Trump abruptly dismissed Sally Q. Yates, the acting attorney general, setting off a fierce backlash from Democrats against Mr. Sessions’s nomination to fill her job permanently. Ms. Yates, a holdover from the Obama administration, had refused to defend Mr. Trump’s controversial order barring travel by some foreigners, which is now tied up in litigation in federal courts. Democrats seized on her firing to say that Mr. Sessions is too close to the president to be independent or stand up to him. As the first senator to support Mr. Trump’s   bid for president last year, Mr. Sessions became an influential campaign adviser. While he pledged repeatedly not to be “a mere rubber stamp” for the White House, Democrats asserted that he would not be willing to challenge legally questionable policies like the travel ban or the president’s threats to reinstitute the use of torture on terrorism suspects. The arguments failed to sway any Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee, which voted, 11 to 9, along party lines last week to approve Mr. Sessions’s nomination. Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who leads the Senate Judiciary Committee, expressed confidence that Mr. Sessions would be a “fair and evenhanded” attorney general and would make good on his pledges to enforce even the laws he voted against in the Senate. “There should be no question,” Mr. Grassley said, “that he is more than qualified to be the nation’s top law enforcement officer. ”",0
8680,"Your Wednesday Evening Briefing: Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, EgyptAir - The New York Times","(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. President Obama returned to Elkhart, Ind. the first city he visited after taking office, to celebrate it as a showcase for his economic policies’ success. He took his most forceful stance yet on the presidential election, accusing Republicans of aiming to help the rich at the expense of the struggling middle class. He did not mention Donald Trump by name, but railed against his pledge to roll back rules on Wall Street. _____ 2. Hillary Clinton also attacked Mr. Trump. She cited testimony from former employees portraying Trump University as unscrupulous and predatory and called him “a fraud. ” Above, a rally in New Jersey. On Thursday, she plans to use a speech in San Diego to lay out the damage a Trump presidency could do to national security. Meanwhile, the list of prominent Republicans who say they will not attend the Republican National Convention keeps growing. _____ 3. A French naval vessel picked up a signal believed to be from a data recorder belonging to EgyptAir Flight 804, the jet that crashed into the Mediterranean on May 19. Officials said it could take days to locate the source precisely, and then more time for underwater robots and sonar equipment to hunt for wreckage. _____ 4. Switzerland opened a   rail tunnel  —   the world’s longest and deepest  —   clearing the way for a   rail link under the Alps. The E. U.’s transportation minister called the Gotthard Base Tunnel “a milestone in European rail history. ” The new route should cut an hour off the   trip between the economic hubs of Zurich and Milan. _____ 5. It’s been nine years since the seventh and last “Harry Potter” book came out. One of our   stories today looks at how J. K. Rowling has kept her creative hand in   like outing Dumbledore as gay a few years ago. And her “official” eighth installment is nigh. “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child,” a play in which the boy wizard is all grown up, begins previews in London next week. _____ 6. A huge wildfire is still ripping through western Canada. But the flames are out in the city of Fort McMurray, a hub of the   industry. Thousands of residents are being allowed back, if only to document damage for insurance claims. Crews are spraying sealant over toxic ash and rubble, and the government is working on a rail plan to remove masses of refrigerators and freezers ruined by spoiled food. _____ 7. Uber, Silicon Valley’s most valuable private business, has collected billions from investors over the last three years as it seeks to build a global empire. Now, Saudi Arabia is in, too, with $3. 5 billion, Uber’s biggest single infusion. The Saudis are seeking to expand their economy beyond oil. _____ 8. A strange, gruesome murder in Plano, Tex. played out partly on social media. This man told the police that he’d made a suicide pact with his girlfriend but that she’d “chickened out,” so he stabbed her to death. He also posted photos of each of them after the fact. He has been charged with murder, and Facebook has been criticized for leaving the photos up for 36 hours. _____ 9. The Syrian government eased limits on aid convoys, allowing the first trucks with food and medicine to reach the besieged   town of Daraya, on the outskirts of Damascus. Aid groups said the government was simply trying to stop the U. N. from turning to airdrops. Some critics have accused the government of trying to starve its opponents. _____ 10. Finally, many Americans worried about high blood pressure try to limit their salt intake, but the table shaker isn’t the problem. Processed and prepared foods tend to send sodium levels off the charts. The F. D. A. released voluntary guidelines for food manufacturers and restaurants urging gradual reductions. Public health advocates say the standards could eventually help avert thousands of heart attacks and strokes. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com.",0
8681,"Cuomo Commutes Sentence of Judith Clark, Driver in Deadly Brink’s Robbery - The New York Times","Judith Clark, who drove a getaway car in the infamous 1981 robbery of a Brink’s armored car in Rockland County, N. Y. that left a guard and two police officers dead, went into prison defiant, with seemingly little chance of getting out. The judge who sentenced her saw her as beyond rehabilitation, giving her a minimum of 75 years in prison and all but ensuring she would die there. But Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, citing what he called Ms. Clark’s long sentence and “exceptional strides in  ” commuted her sentence on Friday. Mr. Cuomo’s action does not undo Ms. Clark’s conviction on   murder and robbery charges, but it reduces her sentence to 35 years to life and makes her eligible for parole in 2017. If Ms. Clark is freed, it would be in recognition of her evolution from radical to model prisoner, and serve as a coda to a notorious case that was among the last gasps of violent   extremism seen in the 1960s and 1970s. Ms. Clark, 67, must still win over the parole board, and law enforcement groups are expected to fight her release. Ms. Clark’s efforts to obtain clemency have gained wide attention in recent years, particularly as other participants in the Brink’s robbery have been released or granted parole hearings. Two of those involved, Mutulu Shakur, the stepfather of the rapper Tupac Shakur and described as the ringleader of the holdup, and David Gilbert, a leader of the Weather Underground who was also involved, remain incarcerated. Mr. Cuomo noted that Kathy Boudin, now a professor at Columbia University, was released in 2003 after receiving a    as part of a plea deal. The commutation was part of a raft of clemencies announced by the governor on Friday, which were hailed by a wide swath of criminal justice advocates. About 100 people who had finished serving time for nonviolent crimes they had committed as minors were pardoned, and the sentences of several other inmates were commuted. The clemency actions were the largest number by a governor in the state’s history, a spokesman said. The governor met Ms. Clark, who had one of the longest sentences of those in the Brink’s case, during a prison visit this year. A range of people have attested to Ms. Clark’s transformation, including Elaine Lord, former superintendent of the Bedford Hills Correctional Facility for women, the   prison where she has spent almost all of her 35 years behind bars. Ms. Lord wrote to  . David A. Paterson in 2010 that she had seen Ms. Clark “change into one of the most perceptive, thoughtful, helpful and profound human beings that I have ever known, either inside or outside of a prison. ” A group of 13 former presidents of the New York City bar association signed a letter seeking clemency for her this year. In the years before the robbery, Ms. Clark had bounced from mainstream civil rights causes to a group called the May 19th Communist Organization, an offshoot of the Weather Underground that believed a   revolution was in the offing. She did not quickly renounce her radical ideology once in prison. Deemed a major security risk, she spent two years in solitary confinement after being caught helping to plan an escape. But her attitudes began to change. She earned bachelor’s and master’s degrees while incarcerated, and led educational programs for inmates, including a prenatal course and an   program. Her release has been opposed by law enforcement groups and by some relatives of the men who were killed in the robbery and ensuing search: Sgt. Edward O’Grady and Officer Waverly Brown of the Nyack police, and Peter Paige, a Brink’s guard. Ed Day, county executive of Rockland County, called the push for clemency for Ms. Clark, “a vicious slap in the face to every member of law enforcement. ” “The blood of Nyack police Sgt. Edward O’Grady, Officer Waverly ‘Chipper’ Brown and Brinks guard Peter Paige will be on her hands until the day she dies,” he said in a statement on Friday. “Judith Clark is a domestic terrorist. Her only place in a civilized society is behind bars. ” Ms. Clark’s lawyer, Steven Zeidman, said on Friday that his client was aware of the concerns of the victims’ families. “She’s grateful for this opportunity and is very ecstatic, but is very fully aware that it’s painful and difficult for those who lost loved ones that day,” he said. Though Ms. Clark did not fire any shots, she was a willing participant in the robbery, which the militant group viewed as an “expropriation” for what they called the Republic of New Afrika. According to her account from that day, she had parked in a corner of a mall in Nanuet where other members of the group attacked an armored car, grabbing $1. 6 million while leaving Mr. Paige dead and another guard in a pool of blood. Gunfire was also exchanged later with the police. Ms. Clark’s radicalism had hardened by the trial. She called herself a “freedom fighter” and called the court officers “fascist dogs. ” In an email on Friday, Edward J. O’Grady III, the son of the slain officer, said that he was still processing the news. He called his father a hero and said he felt the pain of his loss every day. But, he said, “the release of Judith Clark will take no more away from me and will bring no more hurt to my life. ” He also wrote about Ms. Clark’s daughter, Harriet, a lecturer at Stanford, who was 11 months old when her mother was arrested. “She did no more to deserve her lot than my sisters and I did to deserve ours,” he wrote. “If it brings an end to the suffering that Harriet has to deal with every day, then perhaps I can be happy for both of them, and I can assure you, I’ll still be able to sleep at night. ”",0
8682,"Bardot: ’You Can See Macron’s Lack of Empathy in His Cold, Steel Eyes’","The French film icon Brigitte Bardot has urged her fellow countrymen not to vote for Emmanuel Macron in France’s presidential election on Sunday, saying you can see his lack of compassion in “the coldness of his steel eyes”. [The animal rights campaigner tweeted to her followers that they should not vote Macron, fearing the situation for animals would deteriorate under his presidency.  “The contempt he gives to animal suffering can be seen in the total lack of empathy reflected in the coldness of his steel eyes. “Whilst the scandals are increasing, he takes the side of the animal breeders and the hunters against animal rights associations that are fighting with the lobbies that seem to have power over this candidate. ” One of the   sex symbols of the 1950s and 1960s, Bardot came out as a supporter of populist candidate Marine Le Pen at the beginning of the year. In a   interview with Le Figaro that touched upon cultural issues, Ms. Bardot was asked what she thought of contemporary culture. “We live in a period when everything is vulgar, ordinary, and mediocre,” Bardot said. “France no longer has the radiance, the majesty it had. ” When asked if she was close to Le Pen’s   migration party, the Front National, the actress responded: “I am very patriotic. I was raised by a father and a grandfather who fought for France and instilled in me a love of my homeland. I am not proud of what France is today  …     I’m not a ‘facho’ [fascist] any more than Marine Le Pen is. ” “Marine Le Pen has the will to take France in hand, to restore borders and give priority to the French. ” Acknowledged as a symbol of woman’s liberation, Bardot told Le Figaro she was against the Muslim face veil. “Communitarianism takes on too much importance. It is the culmination of thirty years of laxity. ” She is also a vocal opponent of Muslim halal slaughter, which often involves slaughtering an animal without stunning it, causing pain and distress before death. Regarded as a free speech activist, the    actress has faced trial five times between 1997 and 2008 for “inciting racial hatred” including for comments criticising mass Muslim immigration in France. On one of these occasions, she was convicted for “decrying the loss of French identity and tradition due to the ‘multiplication of mosques while our church bells fall silent for want of priests’”.",0
8683,Comment on Only Demented Imbeciles want a Killary Reign of Terror by Toby,"  SARTRE is the pen name of James Hall, a reformed, former political operative. This pundit's formal instruction in History, Philosophy and Political Science served as training for activism, on the staff of several politicians and in many campaigns. A believer in authentic Public Service, independent business interests were pursued in the private sector. As a small business owner and entrepreneur, several successful ventures expanded opportunities for customers and employees. Speculation in markets, and international business investments, allowed for extensive travel and a world view for commerce. He is retired and lives with his wife in a rural community. ""Populism"" best describes the approach to SARTRE's perspective on Politics. Realities, suggest that American Values can be restored with an appreciation of ""Pragmatic Anarchism."" Reforms will require an Existential approach. ""Ideas Move the World,"" and SARTRE'S intent is to stir the conscience of those who desire to bring back a common sense, moral and traditional value culture for America. Not seeking fame nor fortune, SARTRE's only goal is to ask the questions that few will dare ... Having refused the invites of an academic career because of the hypocrisy of elite's, the search for TRUTH is the challenge that is made to all readers. It starts within yourself and is achieved only with your sincere desire to face Reality. So who is SARTRE? He is really an ordinary man just like you, who invites you to join in on this journey. BREAKING ALL THE RULES hosts SARTRE Commentary. BATR.org and BATR.net Only Demented Imbeciles want a Killary Reign of Terror By Sartre on November 1, 2016 
The cross section of Hillary Clinton voters is a mixture of walking dead zombies, power hungry influence peddlers, money cartel thieves and establishment diehards willing to start a global confrontation to postpone an inevitable economic collapse. As for the first category; welfare recipients, government bootlickers and mentally deranged utopians survive in a subsistence existence or in a fantasy illusion. The corruption purveyors simply want to maintain their elitist system of institutional inequality. As for the tribe of international finance, their objective always remains the same. Pick the next stooge who can be controlled. Finally, for globalist who are frantic to continue their New World Order of worldwide oppression, the elevation of Hillary Clinton to the position of the mad hatter to achieve the mutual assured destruction that these Illuminati’s masters of the universe require to purge the “Little People” from the planet. 
Any opposition to this band of desperate and deranged desperados is portrayed as racist, xenophobic and defiant of the “Politically Correct” secular humanism culture. Here is the fundamental point of the conflict. The abandonment of the cannons of natural and common law has produced a didactic ineptness that thrusts humanity into a technocratic prison of a meaningless existence. Dante’s Inferno of basic extinction is the ultimate society that a capitulation to the rigged electoral fraud seeks to achieve. 
The bloody record of Killary Clinton earns her an especially prominent place in hell. Take your choice. She may descend into Level 7 , for “The violent, the assasins, the tyrants, and the war-mongers lament their pitiless mischiefs in the river, while centaurs armed with bows and arrows shoot those who try to escape their punishment” or Level 8- the Malebolge where “The magicians, diviners, fortune tellers, and panderers are all here, as are the thieves”. 
Of course this allegory of punishment falls on deaf ears for the Clintonistas . For them this blameless role model for social justice warriors can do no wrong. All the evidence and proof in the world is ignored or dismissed when your patron saint of the occult wears pants suits. 
The reason HRC is better known as Killary has a lot to do with the body count that follows her around. THE CLINTON BODY-COUNT and the ‘CLINTON DEATH LIST’: 33 SPINE-TINGLING CASES lists several of her enemies that dared defy the queen of mean. Now are these suspicious circumstances of such deaths just another right-wing conspiracy to bring down the Arkancide crime syndicate? 
To an objective investigator, engaging into an in-depth probe might just get one added to this long list. But why would a Clinton supporter care, she is the epitome of the liberated woman and placing her on the throne of feminism is far overdue. Accepting, if not savoring a little reign of terror is a small price to pay as long as the body count does not include your own person. 
During the French Revolution the sanguinary women, known as Tricoteuse , who sat and knitted while attending public guillotine executions have more in common with Robespierre than Marie Antoinette. These devotee libbers identified with the symbol of equality, while their crowned head of elitism disdainfully admonish the peasants: “Qu’ils mangent de la brioche”. 
Queen Marie Antoinette may not have really said, “Let them eat cake” but the regnant of the House of Clinton demonstrates throughout her entire life revealed her true sentiments; despise and contempt for the “Little People”. 
The knitting culture of the zombies cult of progressive authoritarianism is at the center of the public psychosis that follows the dictates of Hillary Clinton. Their identity is so caught up in the myth of collectivism that the very spirit of individual liberty is a necessary causality to join the Clinton demon worship. 
Look to the fictional character of Madame Defarge penned in A Tale of Two Cities for a synopsis of all that is wrong with Killary and her followers. Charles Dickens presents this viewpoint of the quintessential monster. 
“Her problem, it seems, is that Madame Defarge just doesn’t know where to draw the line. As far as she’s concerned, “justice” for the fate of her family isn’t just that the Marquis gets murdered. Justice should, she thinks, include the “extermination” of all of the Marquis’s family. Given her druthers, Charles, Lucie, and even little Lucie would fall under the sharp blade of La Guillotine. As Madame Defarge exclaims to her husband, “Tell the Wind and the Fire where to stop; not me!” (3.12.36). 
“It was nothing to her that an innocent man was to die for the sins of his forefathers; she saw, not him, but them. It was nothing to her that his wife was to be made a widow and his daughter an orphan; that was insufficient punishment, because they were her natural enemies and her prey, and as such had no right to live. To appeal to her, was made hopeless by her having no sense of pity, even for herself.” (3.14.33) 
So it comes as no surprise that when “The meeting between Lucie and Madame Defarge makes this absolutely clear: Lucie falls on her knees, begging for mercy on behalf of her child. Madame Defarge stares at her coldly. She doesn’t even stop knitting.” 
This example of the dark side of human nature is particularly relevant and applicable when analyzing the gender iniquity of the wicked witch. For femininity enablement to champion such abuse from a coldhearted degenerate is the biggest disappointment of this election cycle. Society should never condone or provide consent for anyone, male or female; who is such a habitual sociopath. 
The influence hucksters do not pretend to be altruistic . They would support Lucifer if they thought they would gain the riches of this world. As for the money changers, they are already archfiends in the Synagogue of Satan. Lastly, the globalist’s warmongers covet the mass eradication of billions to satisfy their lust for world transcendence. 
These three factions are the true irredeemables. The masses of the walking dead need to politically repent and seek civic redemption. This objective is not possible by voting for Hillary Clinton. 
If you do nothing else before the November 8, 2016 election watch the video, A Vote For Hillary is a Vote For World War 3 . No matter your ideological propensities, we all share a mutual objective. Prevent a nuclear war that will destroy all civilized life on the planet. After watching this presentation, every rational person must come to deal with the prospects of putting a psycho in command of the launch codes. 
Folks; Donald Trump is not the mad man. The schizoid is a systemic and immoral lunatic, who is ready to drop the beheading blade on all of America. Her similarity with Madame Defarge bleeds over to her decadent boosters, who are willing to sacrifice their family, friends and community for the joy of destroying our planet. 
For all the dissatisfied and frustrated citizens, who understand the colossal stakes of national survival intervene with any fellow acquaintance that has been indoctrinated to the propaganda of Hillaryland . Confront the zombies attitude and appeal to their individual self-interest. Put forth the prospect of not voting for Clinton, even if Trump would not be an option. 
Citizens will not be the only people voting. Non eligible people are being ushered into a ballot booth with predisposed programming to put Killary into the oval office. The establishment is revealing their real tyranny for any person, who is still alive and has the ability to assess the actual nature of this election. 
The power structure in ready to collapse and the global elites are prepared to start a world war to keep and protect their feudal system of coercion. Those who might survive will be the special and the anointed. The masses will be served up on the plate of expediency and necessity. 
Hillary Clinton has always been part of the gang of criminals, protected by the intelligence community, insider politicians and the legal system of corrupt lawyers and judges. Voting for her is a clear validation of pure mental illness. 
The fact that the discredited FBI is endeavoring to regain their credibility by reopening the criminal investigation into Killary Clinton’s attempt to hide her family’s pay to play scheme to sell out our country is dramatic. This development should provide ample reason to put any notion of voting for the diva of sleaze on hold. Thanks to the Wikileaks release of the illicit emails from the Clinton cabal, only a fool can vote for her. 
Come to grips with the prospects of knowingly elevating this lifelong criminal to become the commander-and-chief. Genuine national security cannot be scarified to allow a distrustful and compromised agent of foreign interests to become President. 
Killary is dead meat. She could never gain the confidence of the nation and her continued nihilistic conduct and her kleptocrat criminal violations cannot be tolerated or ignored any longer. If you really want to save the planet, you cannot cast your ballot for this known traitor. 
SARTRE – November 1, 2016",0
8684,"GOP Sen Lee: Not a ’Scintilla’ of Evidence of Collusion, Obstruction by Trump - Breitbart","Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” discussing FBI director James Comey testimony last week and the investigations into Russia’s role in the 2016 presidential election, Sen. Mike Lee ( ) said there was not a “scintilla” of evidence that President Donald Trump colluded with the Russians or obstructed justice.  Lee said, “Look, in this circumstance, if he’s got evidence of collusion bring it forward. If he’s got evidence of corruption, of obstruction, bring it forward. I have yet to see anything even a scintilla and so it’s time to wrap this up and time to move on. I don’t see any evidence of anything happening here and it is a result I think it’s time to move forward. ” He added, “I don’t see that that amounts to obstruction. I don’t see any evidence of intent to obstruct. I don’t see any indication that there was even the potential for corruption here or for obstruction of justice. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
8685,"For Fourth Time, Baltimore Opens a Trial in the Death of Freddie Gray - The New York Times","BALTIMORE  —   Two officers have been acquitted. Another had a deadlocked jury. And on Thursday, prosecutors in a courtroom here began their fourth attempt to convict a police officer in the fatal arrest of Freddie Gray, the black man who died of a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody last year. This time, the defendant is Lt. Brian Rice, the   officer present at Mr. Gray’s arrest, who, prosecutors said, knew the rules and “needlessly risked Mr. Gray’s safety and life” by failing to put a seatbelt on him in a police van that morning. “Because of the decisions that Lieutenant Rice made, Mr. Gray is dead,” said Michael Schatzow, the chief deputy state’s attorney for Baltimore City, in an opening argument that legal experts said did not introduce significant new details to a narrative that has so far failed to win any convictions. Mr. Gray’s death in April 2015 prompted violent protests here and put this city at the center of a national reckoning over race and policing that took on renewed intensity this week after killings of   men by police officers in Baton Rouge, La. and Falcon Heights, Minn. But it is rare that police officers are brought to trial, and even more so to convict them. Lieutenant Rice’s trial began with doubts that prosecutors had the evidence to secure convictions against any of the six officers charged in Mr. Gray’s death  —   especially after the acquittal last month of Officer Caesar R. Goodson Jr. the driver of the van in which Mr. Gray broke his neck, who had been charged with   murder. On the morning of April 12, 2015, as he was walking through a downtrodden section of West Baltimore with two friends, Mr. Gray began running after seeing Lieutenant Rice. The officer called for assistance to help chase Mr. Gray, who was arrested and loaded into a transport vehicle as a crowd formed. Mr. Gray was later found with a broken neck inside the van, after it had made several stops throughout the neighborhood. “This defendant is not an inexperienced officer who was ignorant of the rules that governed his conduct,” said Mr. Schatzow, the prosecutor, who said Lieutenant Rice was criminally negligent when he helped put a shackled and handcuffed Mr. Gray into the van at its second stop, but did not put a seatbelt on him, as Mr. Schatzow said, duty required. “He knew it, and he ignored it. ” Lieutenant Rice, 42, faces charges of involuntary manslaughter,   assault, reckless endangerment and misconduct in office. A second charge of misconduct was dropped by prosecutors on Thursday morning. Chaz Ball, a defense lawyer for Lieutenant Rice, described his client as an   veteran of the Baltimore police force with an interest in community policing. He cited what he called the “three Cs” of the case  —   “The crowd, the combativeness of Mr. Gray, and the confined space of the wagon”  —   and said that Lieutenant Rice had acted reasonably. “The   assessment that it was too dangerous to try to force Mr. Gray into a seatbelt wasn’t criminal negligence,” Mr. Ball said. “The evidence,” he added, “will show that Mr. Gray’s death was a tragic, freak accident nobody could have foreseen. ” Lieutenant Rice, like Officers Edward M. Nero, who was acquitted in May, and Officer Goodson, chose to waive his right to a jury trial and place his fate in the hands of Judge Barry G. Williams, once a police prosecutor himself. The judge ruled in Officer Goodson’s trial that there was insufficient evidence to show that his failure to place a seatbelt on Mr. Gray created serious risk to Mr. Gray’s life and led to his death. “I think the state is on notice that they’re going to have to work pretty hard to show that an officer’s failure to follow and ensure that someone is buckled in alone is enough to satisfy criminal negligence,” said David Jaros, an associate professor of law at the University of Baltimore who has been following the cases. “And we haven’t heard, in the opening anyway, about how they’re going to fill that evidence gap,” Mr. Jaros added. It was quiet outside the courthouse as defense lawyers concluded their opening arguments, where Arthur Johnson, a retired steelworker, stood on the sidewalk with a tattered sign reading “Justice for Freddie Gray. ” A stranger in a white   walked by and looked at Mr. Johnson’s sign. “They just had another senseless shooting,” the man said, and Mr. Johnson said that he, too, was feeling a sense of dèjá vu. “I hear it’s the same old, same old  —   it’s going to be the same result,” Mr. Johnson said of the proceedings in the courtroom. “All these people being victimized, and nobody being held accountable. It’s hard to be optimistic. ”",0
8686,Redstone’s Lawyers Argue That His Mental Health Is Irrelevant in Dispute - The New York Times,"In an unexpected twist in an already tumultuous legal fight, lawyers for Sumner M. Redstone argued in court filings on Friday that the competency of the ailing    mogul did not matter in the dispute over his $40 billion media empire. Regardless of whether or not Mr. Redstone had the mental capacity to oust two longtime confidants from the trust that will control his companies after he dies or is declared incompetent, the outcome would have been the same, his lawyers said. According to the filing, at least four of the seven trustees have supported and validated Mr. Redstone’s decision two weeks ago to oust Philippe P. Dauman, the chairman and chief of Viacom, and George S. Abrams, a longtime Viacom director, from the trust and the board of National Amusements, the private theater chain company through which Mr. Redstone controls Viacom and CBS. “Plaintiffs miscalculated not only Sumner’s resolve, but also the commitment of their fellow trustees to do the right thing,” Mr. Redstone’s lawyers said in the document, filed in Norfolk Probate and Family Court in Massachusetts. The revelation that a majority of trustees have ratified Mr. Redstone’s decision could present a significant blow to Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams in the   corporate battle they are waging for control of Mr. Redstone’s vast corporate holdings. It also presents a major victory for Shari Redstone, Mr. Redstone’s once ostracized, recently reconciled daughter, who has opposed Mr. Dauman’s leadership of Viacom. Les Fagen, a lawyer for Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams, said in a statement that “many undisclosed facts that will emerge concerning the conduct of Shari and her representatives. ” Mr. Fagen added that Friday’s court filings revealed that some trustees “have not seen Sumner for as long as ‘many years. ’” The court filing depicts Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams as partaking in a monthslong scheme, starting in the beginning of 2016, to betray Mr. Redstone out of the fear that Mr. Dauman would be fired. The document asserted that Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams, along with another trustee, retained a Boston law firm in late January for advice on what recourse they had if Mr. Redstone ousted them from the trust. The advice from the law firm was that the three men could avoid or contest their dismissal if they could prove that Mr. Redstone was incompetent and that he was manipulated by Ms. Redstone. “Road map in hand, plaintiffs no longer felt accountable even to Sumner as Viacom’s controlling shareholder,” the document states. The dismissals of Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams from the trust and the National Amusements board were viewed by industry observers as a harbinger of the firing of the Viacom board and, ultimately, the removal of Mr. Dauman as chief executive. Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams filed suit in Massachusetts, where the trust was settled, seeking to immediately block the moves. The suit challenges Mr. Redstone’s mental capacity, depicting him as suffering “profound physical and mental illness” and being subject to the undue influence of Ms. Redstone. It asserts that Mr. Redstone cannot read, write, do arithmetic or speak coherently. For their part, lawyers for Mr. Redstone filed a separate petition requesting that a Los Angeles court validate his decision. On Tuesday morning, Judge George F. Phelan of the Norfolk County Probate and Family Court in Massachusetts is scheduled to oversee a hearing on the motion by Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams to expedite the proceedings in the case. In the court filings on Friday, lawyers for Mr. Redstone asked that the judge reject the request to expedite proceedings and said that they planned to move to dismiss the case. They cited the agreement by a majority of the trustees to ratify the decision to oust Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams from the trust. Mr. Redstone’s lawyers also argued that the case should be heard by a judge in Los Angeles, where Mr. Redstone lives and took the action to remove Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams from the trust. The question of Mr. Redstone’s mental capacity remains in dispute. Mr. Redstone’s lawyers argued that the trust outlined specific procedures to determine incapacity and that those had not been activated at the time when Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams were dismissed. They cited the results of two recent exams by a geriatric psychiatrist hired by Mr. Redstone that concluded he had “legal mental capacity” and was not under the influence of others. On Thursday, Mr. Fagen said that the exam had been conducted by a “paid medical consultant and does not answer the question of whether Sumner Redstone had sufficient capacity. ”",0
8687,Politico: Democrats Complain DHS John Kelly Is Not Following Their Commands,"Democratic Senators think homeland security chief John Kelly is not doing enough to implement their Democratic priorities, according to a litany of partisan complaints showcased by Politico. [The Democratic priorities for Kelly include him ending the enforcement of immigration laws which keep Americans’ wages from disappearing in a flood of cheap labor and cheap drugs, him publicly backstabbing other leaders in President Donald Trump’s cabinet, and him sabotaging Trump’s   promise to build a border wall.   “I would like to think he would be a moderating force   …     He has an understanding of why people want to come to this country, so I would think, hopefully, that would be part of his thinking,” a disappointed Nevada Democratic Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto grumbled to Politico. “Look, we’ve had some arguments, the secretary and I,” Democratic Sen. Bob Casey told Politico. “I want to try to do whatever I can to work with him, but I think we probably have some basic differences. ” Instead of complying with the Democrats’ priorities, Kelly is building Trump’s border wall, and is complying with Trump’s “Hire American” priorities by declining to increase the annual inflow of roughly one million contract workers into the United States. “I know we already have large numbers [of contract workers] that come in and have been coming in over the years, but   …     in the current administration, this is all about American jobs versus people that come in and do the work,” Kelly told Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp at a June 6 hearing.  Kelly and Trump have made a few compromises with Democrats  —   but they have been gotten nothing in exchange except more Democratic hostility and growing worries among their   supporters.  For example, Trump has reversed a campaign promise to shutter the ‘Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals”   that now allows roughly 765, 000 illegals to work in the United States. “We are not, not, not targeting DACA registrants right now,” Kelly said June 7 at a hearing called by the House Committee on Homeland Security.  But neither Trump nor Kelly have got anything from the Democrats in exchange for this gift  —   no cash for the border wall, no promise to curb sanctuary cities, no commitment to reduce companies’ use of foreign contract workers, and no curbs on company hiring of illegals. Kelly does show his impatience with grandstanding by the legislators who try to make him do the unpopular things that they dare not do  —   such as importing more contract workers or turning a blind eye to more illegal immigration. One June 7, for example, at a hearing of the House Committee on Homeland Security, he told one legislator who complained about DACA program that: My [response] back to them is ‘If you feel so strongly about it, you clearly do, why don’t you do something about it? Why don’t you work with your colleagues, both sides of the aisle, because there is a lot of support for this and change the law and I’ll follow the law.’ According to Politico’s account of the Democratic complaints: Today, it’s tough to find anyone on the left willing to defend Kelly. He has alienated potential allies on Capitol Hill, including Democrats who voted to confirm him, and is endangering his reputation as a nonpartisan figure in a presidential administration that has relatively few. “I think Secretary Kelly has drank the ” said Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey, who was among the Democrats who voted to confirm Kelly in January. “He’s not the person who I thought I was voting for. ”   …     The secretary has said that if Democrats don’t like his enforcement of immigration laws, they should “change those laws” or “shut up. ” That bluntness has further infuriated Democrats, who note they have been trying for years to reform immigration laws but have been stymied by Republicans. Kelly owes his job to the fact that Trump ran against the Democrats’ very unpopular   “reform” of immigration laws that would have transferred even more money away from Americans’ pay packets over to Wall Street, according to Congress’ own budget office. He now looks secure in his job, but Senator Menendez is facing a criminal case that may end his tenure in the Senate this winter, long before Kelly packs his retirement bags.  So Kelly does his job amid growing Democratic complaints. “I have my marching orders from the president,” he told the House Committee on Homeland Security on June 7. ",0
8688,Hillary: “We Did Not Lose A Single Important Person In Libya”,"Email 

Hillary Clinton declared during NBC News’s Commander-in-Chief forum that no lives were lost in Libya when she made the move to take out dictator Muammar Gaddafi. Even so, the former secretary of state did not mention the fact that 11 months later four Americans – including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens – were killed in a terrorist attack in Benghazi that arose from the instability that the overthrow created. 
“That was one of the few situations in American foreign policy decision making processes where everybody came together to make sure we don’t make the wrong move, and the operation was a success, even Donald Trump supported it,” Clinton argued. “As with any operation of such magnitude, we had a few hiccups, but it was nothing out of the ordinary. As I’ve said, the operation was a success.” 
She continued, “So much so, in fact, that I’m proud to say that no important people were lost through it all, and when I say that, I say it with the utmost respect for all those who had to give their lives on both sides so that Libyans could be freed from the iron fist of Gaddafi. It would have been unrealistic to expect 0 casualties; however, the overall toll did not exceed expectations, with the greater amount of damage being on the side of the enemy.” 
“Politics can be a cruel line of work. That being said, I stand before you here, today, and I am proud to say that giving democracy to a people that have not had any contact with it for generations is a wonderful thing that makes all of the sacrifices worth it. And while we’re on the subject of sacrifices, thank God they did not include anyone important from the American delegation, including yours truly,” she said jokingly, causing the auditorium to laugh. 
She said, “But all jokes aside, I have to pay homage to the CIA, who has once again performed outstandingly and saved the day. Its agents’ work in the field is an immeasurable contribution and an asset that we would be wise to treasure for generations to come. If it hadn’t been for them, we would not have been able to perform the operation so cleanly and with such little impact to the surrounding nations. I am proud that the United States of America has an intelligence agency such as the CIA.” 
“I’m sure many here among you disagree with my position that one embassy is a small price to pay, a bargain, if you will, when it comes to ridding the world of another dictator and a terrorist. I would also like to remind everyone here that that price would have gone up immeasurably if we had sat idly by and allowed Gaddafi to rage on and cause death and destruction throughout the region. For better of worse, we acted and I am convinced no other dictator will ever again think about cheating the CIA out of a deal. Because, in the words of a personal friend of mine, who is a former CIA spook – shutting down arms dealers is easy; finding trustworthy partners among nation heads is the hard part,” she concluded.",0
8689,"In the Hamptons, a Small-Town Paper Is a Beacon in the Mayhem - The New York Times","EAST HAMPTON, N. Y.  —   When the leaves return to the trees outside David Rattray’s office window at The East Hampton Star, it means only one thing: “The beginning of the mayhem. ” And on Thursday morning, with the leaves an adolescent green, Mr. Rattray, The Star’s editor, gathered his staff in the paper’s central newsroom to hash out their coverage plans for this summer’s version of it, which would start in earnest over Memorial Day weekend. The Star newsroom is a tight space, with walls that have cracks from the day a couple of years ago when engineers showed up close to the paper’s deadline to tilt the   house back onto a proper vertical, a vital fix for a building Mr. Rattray’s family built in 1900. (The weekly paper still came out on time the newsroom staff just worked through the righting.) As Mr. Rattray ran through the story lineup for the next issue, the paper’s editor at large, Irene Silverman, who has worked there since 1968, tracked a daddy longlegs’ meandering path across her desk. First, there was the “Memorial Day Mayhem ” when the town government’s crackdown on wild partying in the township would be put to the test for the first time. Then there was a   battle royal playing out before zoning officials: Action on a new tennis court at the old Gardiner Estate was threatening to kill the om at the neighbor’s meditation house. But what really caught Mr. Rattray’s ear was word of $18 French fries at Duryea’s, a beloved old lobster shack in Montauk that had just received a St.   makeover from its new owner, the billionaire investor Marc Rowan. “I think there’s an editorial about $18 fries  —   about why, and for whom,” Mr. Rattray said. Some member of the Rattray clan has been running this meeting for 81 years  —   since the family bought the paper from the Boughtons, who bought it from its founder, George Burling, in 1890 for $100. The paper is still extra wide, like the original, and it has resisted the   appeal of shrinking down. But while in 1890 The Star served as a place to announce a local lad’s marriage “to the best girl in the country,” it now covers fights over housing for immigrants the school curriculum and the tensions among the superwealthy, the somewhat wealthy and the     who work for them. And somewhere along the way it picked up a logo under its masthead: “Shines for All. ” An alternative might be, “It Endures. ” Through the advent of the movie house, the radio, the television, glossy new magazines and now the Internet, The Star has continued to stand. And that’s a   testament to the central role that     newspapers can still play  —   even though, like its   brethren, it faces its worst, and possibly last, threat from the web. The Star, a paid weekly, is luckier than most in its class. Many big real estate brokers still view its great big print spreads as a good way to market their huge Hamptons properties. And Craigslist does not have enough of a presence here to kill off The Star’s classified listings. Advertising has given The Star enough resources to start a new    glossy magazine, East, and enough juice to maintain the paper’s mission, which is to “ask hard questions, not be afraid to make public officials angry,” Mr. Rattray said. But new competitors like Curbed. com, owned by Vox Media, and Patch, not to mention Facebook, have exerted pressure. Circulation is down to a maximum of 12, 000 from 16, 000, though many tens of thousands more read it online. “Our gross is about half of what it was at its peak” in 2006, Mr. Rattray told me as we sat in the garden behind the Star headquarters on Thursday, with the first of the holiday traffic trickling by on Main Street. With a shrinking advertising base, Mr. Rattray, a fit 53, has had to pare his staff and take on some of the more menial duties himself: helping with obituaries, letters to the editor (which are published in full, in keeping with a longstanding Star policy) and even the community and government calendars. He still has to find time to write the editorials, the latest of which favored the town’s moves against the “excesses of the summer bar and party scene”  —   the primary generator of mayhem. The scene has been stoked by what longtime residents see as an invasion of club promoters and developers with sensibilities that can seem more Manhattan than Montauk, a hamlet with a proud   fishing tradition. There were already signs of a public backlash after the town’s strict enforcement of state and local codes pushed one popular  —   and, in some quarters, infamous  —   club, Cyril’s Fish House, to shut down, and another, The Surf Lodge, to at least temporarily halt its concert lineup of big acts. But Mr. Rattray went ahead with his editorial anyway. “Without a   but fair   newspaper, the forces kind of arrayed against this place, the South Fork, would win,” Mr. Rattray said. “Maybe that’s arrogant to think, but it’s how I was raised. ” It’s also how Mr. Rattray is raising his three children  —   the oldest is 15  —   who he hopes will succeed him. But most young people interested in media careers seem drawn not to newspapers but to where the growth and opportunity are: modern   with their use of Instagram and Facebook and their new ways of working more closely with advertisers and making them part of the editorial content. I got to see that firsthand when I visited the young crew running Whalebone Media, who in about a year have built their own    media company. With the stylishly beachy sensibility of its surfer millennial founders, Whalebone publishes a free glossy lifestyle magazine with a circulation of 20, 000, and it tells prospective advertisers that it drew more than two million views through social media in its first several months of operation. Whalebone’s offices are sleek and new, with big windows facing Montauk Harbor. Its publisher, Eddie Berrang, and managing director, Bronson Lamb, began the company in conjunction with their friend Jesse James Joeckel’s   clothing brand, Whalebone. Mr. Joeckel founded the Whalebone Creative label in 2010 after designing   and logos for local surf shops. They went door to door to get enough sponsorship to publish the first issue of Whalebone magazine. Their first major advertiser: Soul Cycle, which had taken over the old   Montauk movie theater where the ticket taker also worked the popcorn machine. When I referred to Whalebone as a publication, Mr. Berrang, 34, corrected me. “The word ‘publication,’ it’s an antiquated term,” he said. “It’s just a dying medium. ” Whalebone has a robust web presence that will soon include a new retail site. The whole experience relies on what the company calls “submersive media”: The Whalebone crew designs sponsors’ ads to run seamlessly, and openly, in the editorial content, such that a gorgeous spread of old Montauk fishing photos in the latest issue of the magazine is prominently “presented by Chris Coleman with Saunders” real estate. Their young readers are unfazed by that sort of integration, they say. That’s good, because as traditional print advertising dwindles, media organizations everywhere have to come up with new ways to pay for their coverage. Yet newspapers like The Star can change only so much. Hard news missions preclude slow dancing with advertisers. With the more traditional model, Mr. Rattray says, “I can only see out about 18 months. ” Regardless of what happens after that, this much is true now: The Star still shines for all after 131 years, it endures. Its new media cousins should be so fortunate.",0
8690,Newly Approved GM Potatoes Have Potential to Silence Human Genes,"Late last week, the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) approved two new strains of genetically engineered potatoes. The potatoes, created by JR Simplot, have been engineered to resist potato blight,... ",0
8691,UKIP’s Paul Nuttall: ’Islamist Extremism is a Cancer Within Our Society’,"UKIP leader Paul Nuttall has used a landmark speech to brand Islamist extremism a “cancer within our society” proposing a range of robust actions to ensure it is “cut out”. [The Liverpudlian MEP described how, in the past, the police and MI5 had “foiled plot after plot in the nick of time” but are now “being overwhelmed by the impossible scale” of the problem.  He criticised an establishment which has been complacent in allowing Islamists to “set up home in Britain” since the 1980s, on the mistaken assumption that they would not attack the country which had given them shelter. Nuttall also singled out particular actions undertaken by Theresa May in her former role as Home Secretary for denunciation, such as the massive police cuts carried out at the behest of former Chancellor of the Exchequer Geroge Osborne, and the abolition of control orders in favour of weaker TPims at the behest of former Deputy Prime Minister and Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg. The moment in 2015 that @theresa_may was told her government attacks and cuts on police were dangerous, by a police officer of GMP. pic. twitter.   —   Andrew Scattergood (@AJScattergood) May 24, 2017,  Nuttall also condemned the establishment’s tendency to “whip up cries of racism” against individuals and group who attempted to raise the alarm against the growing threat posed by mass immigration and the promotion of multiculturalism over integration, as well as failure to openly acknowledge the problem. “For far too long politicians in this country have lacked the courage to name the source of terror in our midst,” he said. “It is Islamist extremism. ” He described how he was “condemned” by   opposition chiefs from Labour, the Liberal Democrats, the Greens, and the Scottish and Welsh separatist parties as recently as the June 1st general election debate in Cambridge. “Islamist extremism is a cancer within our society,” Nuttall repeated Tuesday, appearing to feel vindicated by the recent attacks in London. Pakistan Home of London Terrorist Who Came to UK as Child Refugee Raided, Had Access to Tunnels Under Parliament https:  .   —   Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) June 6, 2017,  Nuttall pledged to rapidly reverse the cuts to police numbers, estimating that it would cost £1. 2 billion to replace the 20, 000 constables who have been lost since the Tories returned to power in 2010. “In these times of terror we need more bobbies on the beat,” he said, emphasising the importance of the ordinary community policing which the Police Federation claima has “collapsed” in recent years, causing local intelligence to “dry up”. Nuttall also pledged to tackle the “rampant radicalisation within our prisons” by reversing cuts to prison funding and officer numbers, and to train 4, 000 new border guards to “properly control our borders”  —   which experts now believe to be “porous” particularly along the coast. Asked how he would fund these changes, along with a “major increase in resources for MI5” the UKIP leader pointed to £35 billion in savings identified in his party’s manifesto, mainly from reducing the ballooning foreign aid budget, cutting the controversial High Speed Rail 2 project, and changing the Barnett formula  —   described as a “terrible mistake” by its late creator  —   which sees Scotland receive higher levels of funding than elsewhere in Britain. Armed with a baton, our brave officer faced the London Bridge attackers. We’re extremely proud of him and every single emergency responder. https:  .   —   BTP (@BTP) June 4, 2017,  Nuttall also called for a national debate on whether or not we should “routinely arm our police” after a British Transport Police officer was forced to take on the three London Bridge attackers with an extendable baton, leaving him hospitalised and in a very serious condition. Nuttall suggested the time has come to accept we now live in different times and pointed out that in Brussels and Strasbourg, where his work as an MEP takes him regularly, armed police are a commonplace sight. THE ENEMY WITHIN: Scale Of Terror In The UK  —   23, 000 Suspects Monitored Including 400 Who Fought For ISIS In Syria https:  .   —   Fox Nation (@foxnation) June 4, 2017,  Nuttall also echoed Colonel Richard Kemp, a former COBRA committee member and commander of British forces in Afghanistan, in calling for Islamic State volunteers holding British nationality to have their “passport revoked [and] their citizenship removed” ensuring they “never be allowed to return to this country”. He said he would “make no apologies for taking nothing off the table to ensure our people are kept safe”. However, he stopped short of joining Colonel Kemp in calling for foreign nationals on the terror watch list to be deported or interned, and ruled out following U. S. President Donald Trump’s lead in attempting to impose restrictions on travel to and from failed states such as Libya and Syria, which have become major hotbeds of Islamic radicalism. That’s right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won’t help us protect our people!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017,  In terms of the growth of radical extremism at home, Nuttall said “we must demand more from the Muslim community itself,” referencing statistics which suggest that “only one in eight referrals to Prevent”  —   the government’s   programme  —   “come from the Muslim community itself”. He also accused the Labour Party of being “culpable” in thwarting efforts to counter extremism by opposing Prevent, singling out Greater Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham for his opposition to the programme in particular. The UKIP leader also demanded the Government “close down mosques where extreme Wahhabi or Salafist versions of Islam are preached” and to bar the funding of religious institutions in Britain by Saudi Arabia and Qatar the latter of which was recently isolated by key Arab nations for its alleged support for overseas extremism. Nuttall also urged officials to release the findings of an investigation into Saudi funding of British religious institutions in particular, which are reportedly being suppressed. Leaked Hillary Clinton emails show U. S. allies Saudi Arabia and Qatar supported ISIS https:  .   —   Salon (@Salon) October 12, 2016,  Finally, Nuttall acknowledged that Theresa May had been “complacent at best” as home secretary, but said that the dangers posed by the Tories “pales into insignificance” beside the prospect of a Labour Government in which Jeremy Corbyn and Diane Abbott would be responsible for national security. Corbyn, he alleged, had “gone out of [his] way to befriend terror groups both in Northern Ireland and the Middle East” throughout his political career. With only a few exceptions, including Kate Hoey, Kelvin Hopkins, and Frank Field, Labour candidates “cannot be trusted on Brexit and cannot be trusted on national security” he said. He advised voters to bear this in mind when considering who to vote for in constituencies where a UKIP candidate is not standing  —   but told journalists that this sort of “tactical voting” strategy was a   for this particular election.",0
8692,"Aldi Goes Fully Organic, Bans Pesticides And Rivals Whole Foods As Healthiest Grocery Store","Imidacloprid Sulfoxaflor Aldi has made a name for itself in recent years for being strict about removing certain pesticides and chemicals from its products, and they are going even further in their quest for quality. They are expanding their organic food brands, removing some artificial ingredients from products and adding more gluten-free items. They have removed certified synthetic colors, partially hydrogenated oils, and MSG from their private-label products (which make up 90% of sales). They have expanded their sales of fresh and organic meat and produce, including the “Never Any!” brand of meats that contain no added antibiotics, hormones, animal by-products or other additives. The chain will also expand the SimplyNature line (which is free of more than 125 artificial ingredients) and their gluten-free liveGfree brand. Their milk was free of artificial growth hormones, but now its yogurt, sour cream, cottage cheese, and other dairy products will be as well. They have begun to offer more high-end foods like artisan cheeses, smoked salmon, quinoa, and coconut oil. There are currently 1,500 Aldi stores in the U.S and the plan to open 500 more by 2018. With such a strong focus on health, they are set to become the leader in health supermarkets. Business Insider said: The grocery chain is expanding organic-food brands, removing some artificial ingredients from its products, and adding more gluten-free items in hopes of attracting more health-conscious shoppers. Neonics are systemic pesticides and they are one of the newest types of insecticide, used mostly in the last 20 years to control a variety of pests, especially sap-feeding insects, such as aphids on cereals, and root-feeding grubs. Related:",0
8693,"On Field and in Hometown, Neymar Tries to Change the Narrative - The New York Times","PRAIA GRANDE, Brazil  —   A Summer Games for children held its opening ceremony here Friday at the Neymar Jr. Institute, founded by the Brazilian soccer star who has accepted two Olympian responsibilities. The more public one involves the Rio Games, where Neymar, 24, will try to restore Brazil’s flagging soccer esteem. The country most synonymous with the sport has won five World Cups but never an Olympic gold medal. An opening   tie against South Africa on Thursday did nothing to heal lingering trauma from a devastating   loss to Germany at the 2014 World Cup, a national shame that even Neymar’s mother can refer to only euphemistically as “the situation. ” But Neymar is also attempting to resuscitate his ravaged childhood neighborhood in Praia Grande, a coastal city an hour outside São Paulo. The area surrounding his youth institute is beatifically called Garden of Glory, but it is a poor and dangerous community troubled by drugs, prostitution and a lack of good schools and jobs. The facility, with its classrooms, turf fields and high white walls, opened in December 2014, a few blocks from where Neymar once lived on B Street, playing soccer on a road that was not yet paved. He spent more than $6 million of his own money to build the institute, in addition to securing sponsors, officials at the institute said. Each day, before school or after, 2, 400 boys and girls ages 7 to 14 come at no cost for two hours. They read and write and work on computers and study English, Spanish and Portuguese. Older children come at night. Parents are invited, too, for vocational training. A dentist and doctors are available. On Wednesday, 32 children were given eyeglasses free of charge, officials said. And dozens rehearsed for Friday’s ceremony, twirling ribbons in the colors of the Olympic rings and preparing paper flags representing 78 countries. During the Rio Games and the Paralympics, the boys and girls will participate in a   featuring soccer, basketball, volleyball, swimming and judo. But institute officials stressed that this is a facility for developing opportunity, not athletes. “It is not a soccer school,” said Altamiro Bezerra, the institute’s finance director. “Neymar’s family wants to change the conditions here and give these children the basics: health and education and hope. When you are young, you need to believe in the future, that there is something good in the end. ” Away from this neighborhood, where Neymar lived from about 7 to 13, he has a more complicated relationship with Brazil. He is one of the world’s best players, elegant and cunning, immensely popular with his 55. 9 million followers on Instagram. Playing alongside Lionel Messi and Luis Suárez in a fearsome front line at the Spanish club Barcelona, he won a European Champions League title in 2015 after beginning his career at Santos, the Brazilian club made famous by Pelé. And yet, while wearing the yellow, green and blue of Brazil’s national team, Neymar is also a reminder of elusive success, even in his absence. He was not chosen as an    for the 2010 World Cup, when Brazil fizzled in the quarterfinals. He sat out with a broken vertebra in his back when Brazil lost to Germany in the semifinals in 2014. And at Barcelona’s request that he play only one tournament this summer, he vacationed during the Copa América Centenario in June. Without him, Brazil was ousted in group play and the team’s coach, Dunga, was fired. Recent    news about Neymar has also not always been flattering. In March, the Brazilian news media reported that he had been found guilty of tax fraud by a federal court in Rio in a case related to contracts with Santos, Barcelona and Nike. According to the reports, he was ordered to repay about $52 million in fines and back taxes. He has said he paid all the taxes he owed. After being grilled by reporters about his partying with  celebrities during the Copa América, Neymar said it was his business what he did on vacation. Tartly, he asked reporters: “Imagine you’re 24 years old, earning what I earn and having all that I have. Wouldn’t you be the same as me?” An Olympic gold medal would give Neymar a prize that even Pelé does not have. But Neymar also may need to deliver the gold to reaffirm his status as a superstar athlete and product endorser, said Milton Neves, a sports commentator at the Brazilian TV network Bandeirantes. “Neymar needs to win the Olympic gold medal more than the Brazilian team needs to,” Neves said. Soccer gold may be the most coveted prize for Brazil at the Rio Games, but it is only one of 28 sports, and it is not the spotlight event that it is at the World Cup. The men’s Olympic tournament is for players under 23 years of age, with three older players permitted on each team. Unlike the World Cup, Thursday’s opening match did not inspire people nationwide to leave work and gather in their yellow shirts and jerseys. Few sat at beach bars here, or in nearby Santos, to watch the game. Brazil could not muster a goal, even though South Africa played   after one of its players was ejected with 30 minutes remaining. “For us, the draw is a defeat,” Neymar told reporters. The Olympics arrive with Brazil engulfed in political and economic crises. Even a close friend of Neymar’s, Ciro Lopes, said he would not open his bar in Santos early for Thursday’s afternoon match. “With the economic crisis,” Lopes, 51, said, “people don’t have money. ” At the Neymar Jr. Institute, Ana Paula dos Santos made the sign of the cross Wednesday as she came to deliver an Olympic   to her granddaughter. If Brazil wins soccer gold, “it would cleanse my soul,” she said. “I could sleep peacefully. ” She was referring to the   loss to Germany two years ago, Brazil’s biggest defeat ever in the World Cup. The match, when it is spoken of at all, is simply referred to in dreary shorthand by its score: Sete a Um. Nadine Goncalves, 49, Neymar’s mother and the chief executive of his youth institute, said that as she watched that match at home with her injured son, she could see questioning in his face along with shock and sorrow: “What if I was there? Would I have been able to change what happened?” More than a match was lost that day. A brightness about Brazilian football dimmed, along with a certainty that flair and improvisation could always overcome an opponent’s technical and tactical resistance, said Flavio de Campos, a professor of the sociocultural history of soccer at the University of São Paulo. “People pinned their hopes on this magic thing that we believe our soccer has,” de Campos said. Many, probably most, Brazilians believe that an Olympic gold medal would come nowhere close to redeeming the embarrassment of the 2014 World Cup. “Erase  ? Never,” Nilson Luiz de Marco, 56, said as he stood near the Neymar Jr. Institute. “The only way is if we play Germany again and win  . ” Germany is also playing in the Olympic tournament, which could give Brazil a chance at an emancipating victory, or  —   shudder  —   another stunning defeat. If that happened, Bezerra, the Neymar Institute official, said with gallows humor, “let’s move to Germany. ” The children at the institute seemed far more excited about the   than any outcome at the actual Olympics. Guilherme Sousa Gomes, 9, said: “This place is safe. Outside it’s not safe. There are a lot of robbers walking around. ” Giovanna Moreira Andrade, 10, said her mother got a job showing other women how to apply makeup after taking a vocational class at the institute. Her life had gone “from worse to better,” she said. Her family has bought a barbecue grill, and she dreams of a pool.",0
8694,"Chinese Curb Cyberattacks on U.S. Interests, Report Finds - The New York Times","WASHINGTON  —   Nine months after President Obama and President Xi Jinping of China agreed to a broad crackdown on cyberespionage aimed at curbing the theft of intellectual property, the first detailed study of Chinese hacking has found a sharp   in almost daily raids on Silicon Valley firms, military contractors and other commercial targets. But the study, conducted by the iSight intelligence unit of FireEye, a company that manages large network breaches, also concluded that the   began a year before Mr. Obama and Mr. Xi announced their accord in the White House Rose Garden. In a conclusion that is largely echoed by American intelligence officials, the study said the change is part of Mr. Xi’s broad effort to bring the Chinese military, which is considered one of the main sponsors of the attacks, further under his control. As a result, the same political forces that may be alleviating the theft of data from American companies are also responsible for Mr. Xi’s stunningly swift crackdown on the Chinese media, bloggers and others who could challenge the Communist Party. “It’s a mixed bag,” said Kevin Mandia, the founder of Mandiant, now part of FireEye, which first detailed the activities of a People’s Liberation Army   called Unit 61398, that had been responsible for some of the most highly publicized thefts of American technology. “We still see semiconductor companies and aerospace firms attacked. ” But the daily barrage of attacks has diminished, which Mr. Mandia attributed to “public pressure” from, among others, the Justice Department’s decision to indict five members of the P. L. A. unit about a year after its activities were exposed. Today, Unit 61398 appears to be largely out of business, its hackers dispersed to other military, private and intelligence units. Many China scholars and legal experts remain skeptical that the Chinese are deterred by American indictments, since the P. L. A. officers are unlikely to see the inside of an American courtroom. But John P. Carlin, the assistant attorney general for national security, said the report validated his strategy. “The lesson is that when you figure out who has done this kind of theft, don’t fear making it public,” he said. “This is a slow process, but we are beginning to make people realize that even in cyberspace, laws and norms are applicable. ” Mr. Obama and Mr. Xi drew up their agreement narrowly. It covers intellectual property theft  —   Chinese cybercriminals have stolen everything from designs for the   fighter jet to the design of gas distribution networks  —   but not ordinary espionage against government targets. So, for example, the administration has not publicly talked about penalizing China for the theft of personal data on roughly 22 million Americans, whose   information was taken from the Office of Personnel Management. In fact, the administration has never publicly blamed China for that theft, although the director of national intelligence, James R. Clapper Jr. did talk about China’s role once, before he was told by the administration not to refer to any specific country. As recently as last week, senior administration officials were in Beijing trying to flesh out the agreement between the two presidents. Participants say that among the points of discussion was how to set up a hotline through which the two countries can alert each other to malicious software they have detected in global networks, with the expectation that Chinese and American investigators would work to find its source. Establishing such norms of behavior is far more likely to be effective than attempting to negotiate a treaty, according to outside experts who have been trying to devise the cyberequivalent of   agreements. “Treaties are not verifiable in the cyberarena,” said Joseph Nye, a Harvard professor known for his studies of how nations use “soft power,” who in recent years has turned to the problem of regulating activity in cyberspace. “The same code can be benign or a weapon depending on the user’s intent,” he said. For example, a   code that unlocks a cellphone is a protection for the user  —   and a potential weapon for a hacker. “So instead of focusing on the weapons, you have to focus on targets,” Mr. Nye said. “You start by saying that you don’t target something that has a clearly civilian use, like a power grid. ” Mr. Nye and Michael Chertoff, the secretary of Homeland Security during the Bush administration, who now runs a private firm that is deeply involved in cybersecurity, were among the lead authors of a report to be published on Tuesday by the Global Commission on Internet Governance that will describe those norms to the United Nations and other groups. Just how fundamentally the Chinese are changing is a matter of debate. There is some evidence, American intelligence officials say, that while the People’s Liberation Army is not stealing as much on behalf of Chinese   firms, much of the hacking activity has been shifted to the intelligence agencies, which can make the case that they are stealing national security secrets, not commercial information. Often, the difference is blurry, especially when the target is, say, the design of a satellite or a ship. Even after Mr. Obama and Mr. Xi announced their agreement last fall, American officials have said they have discovered malware in power grids, cellphone networks and other purely civilian targets. But it is unclear whether that malicious software is intended to collect information about users, shut the system down or both. The FireEye study concluded that as early as 2014, around the time of the indictment of the P. L. A. ’s officers and hackers, the Chinese government had already been modifying its approach to cyberoperations. The study of 72 Chinese hacking groups showed a sharp   in the volume of attacks. But as recently as March, FireEye saw efforts to obtain information on American military projects by stealing access credentials to a contractor, and there has been continual theft of personal information from health care providers. The Chinese hacking groups have also focused on   targets, including Russia, South Korea and Vietnam, and have sometimes aimed at targets related to the disputes over Chinese claims in the South China Sea. The report concludes that Chinese attacks have decreased in volume, but increased in sophistication. The result is that Chinese hackers are now acting more like Russian hackers: They pick their targets more carefully, and cover their tracks. “We see a threat that is less voluminous but more focused, calculated, and still successful in compromising corporate networks,” the report said.",0
8695,Trump breaks from stump speech to admire ‘beautiful’ Trump mask,"Trump breaks from stump speech to admire ‘beautiful’ Trump mask 11/07/2016 
POLITICO 
Midway through a stump speech riff lamenting that Hillary Clinton had appeared on stage with less-than-family-friendly musicians like Jay-Z and Beyonce, Donald Trump paused at an election-eve rally in Florida Monday morning to gawk at an attendee’s mask. 
“This is different than a Billy Graham crusade, but you know what? We’re all looking for the same thing. We’re looking for greatness for our country. We’re looking for religious liberty,” the Manhattan billionaire said before the rubber Trump mask caught his eye. “Look at this mask. Look at this mask. Oh wow. Wow, that’s beautiful. Look at that. Looks just like me.” 
Trump then left the podium for a few seconds as the mask made its way up to the stage. He returned to the microphone and held up the mask next to his own face, before examining it closer. He held it up once more time and joked “nice head of hair, I’ll say that,” before tossing it back. 
“Is there any place more fun to be than a Trump rally?” has asked the crowd before resuming his remarks, turning to his proposal to stimulate job growth in the U.S. by placing a tariff on companies who move production out of the country. 
The Sarasota, Florida, rally is the first of five for Trump on Monday. From Florida, he will head to events in North Carolina, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire and Michigan. He will be joined at the final two by his running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence.",0
8696,Cosmology/ Love & the Afterlife,"  Cosmology/ Love & the Afterlife Cosmology/ Love & the Afterlife Date Tuesday - November 22,   leading astrophysicist and director of the Hayden Planetarium, Neil deGrasse Tyson discussed the latest discoveries and research in astrophysics, and cosmology. Dark matter and dark energy continue to mystify the science and physics community. 85% of the gravity in the universe has no known source, and is attributed to unmeasurable dark matter, while dark energy is a mysterious pressure in the vacuum of space, making the expansion of the universe accelerate, he explained. Regarding the threat of asteroids hitting the Earth, he suggested working on ways to deflect any incoming bodies, rather than mitigating the aftereffects of a disastrous collision. 
Our early solar system was a turbulent place that may have had around 30 planets initially, with some colliding into each other. Such a collision was how our moon was formed, when a planet sideswiped Earth, he detailed. Other bodies may have become ""vagabond planets"" and left our solar system entirely. Interestingly, he noted that such runaway planets zooming through interstellar space could be more common than planets orbiting a star. He also touched on such topics as the Big Bang, the anomalous Tabby's Star, and the evolution of his documentary TV series Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey , which revived the brand originally presented by Carl Sagan.",0
8697,The Artist Peter Doig Wins a Case Involving a Painting’s Attribution - The New York Times,"The celebrated artist Peter Doig did not create a    landscape painting, despite the claims of the former corrections officer who owns it, a federal judge ruled on Tuesday. As a result, he was not responsible for destroying the plaintiffs’ plan to sell the work for millions of dollars. The ruling, after seven days of heated and sometimes bizarre testimony in federal court this month in Chicago, would appear to end one of the stranger art authentication cases in recent history. It had pitted Mr. Doig, a   artist whose works routinely sell for $10 million, against the owner of the painting and that man’s art dealer. They had accused Mr. Doig of falsely denying that he had created the work as a young man in Canada, thus scuttling their efforts to sell it. “Peter Doig could not have been the author of this work,” Judge Gary Feinerman said. Mr. Doig, who was not in court but called in to hear the ruling, said from Rome by telephone that he felt angry that he had been forced to prove he had not painted the work. “I feel a living artist should be the one who gets to say yea or nay and not be taken to task and forced to go back 40 years in time. It was painstaking to piece this together,” he said. Mr. Doig, 57, who was born in Britain and grew up in Canada and Trinidad, has created haunted, magical landscapes that have made him among the world’s most popular artists. During the trial, the former corrections officer, Robert Fletcher, sought to prove that the painting, an untitled acrylic on canvas of a rocky desert scene, signed “Pete Doige 76,” was an early work by Mr. Doig. Mr. Fletcher said he met Mr. Doig in the 1970s, when, he said, the artist was attending Lakehead University in Thunder Bay, Ontario, about 900 miles northwest of Toronto. According to Mr. Fletcher, they met again when Mr. Doig was serving a brief sentence for LSD possession at a nearby correctional center, where Mr. Fletcher saw him create the painting. Later, serving as Mr. Doig’s parole officer, Mr. Fletcher said he had helped the artist land a job and bought the painting for $100. Five years ago, a friend noticed the painting hanging on Mr. Fletcher’s wall and told him that the work was by a famous artist. In 2013, Mr. Fletcher and Peter Bartlow, the Chicago art dealer who agreed to help him sell the painting, filed suit in United States District Court for Northern Illinois, arguing that Mr. Doig was denying authorship because of a vendetta against Mr. Fletcher. Seeking nearly $8 million in damages and a court declaration that the work was authentic, Mr. Fletcher testified during the trial that he felt disrespected by Mr. Doig because the artist did not show any gratitude to Mr. Fletcher for setting him on a path toward fame and riches. Mr. Doig told the court that he had never attended Lakehead nor been incarcerated. Instead, he and his lawyers said the work in question was painted by another man, Peter Edward Doige, who died in 2012. One of Mr. Doige’s sisters produced evidence at trial that her brother was at Lakehead University, and testified that he was an inmate at the correctional center, that he liked to paint and that the signature on the work was his. And a former art teacher at the corrections center recalled watching it being painted by Mr. Doige over at least five weeks between 1976 and 1977. That the case ever went to trial surprised many in the art world. Authentication disputes tend to involve the works of dead artists. In this case, a very alive Mr. Doig found himself forced to prove that he did not create something. To show that he had not been in prison in the 1970s, Mr. Doig dredged up a school yearbook his mother’s letters about his appearing in “Romeo and Juliet” at his Toronto high school and working on oil rigs in western Canada and friends’ written testimony about his skiing in Utah. The plaintiffs’ response was to take up many hours of the trial with somewhat unorthodox efforts to demonstrate similarities between the painting and Mr. Doig’s works. The plaintiffs had also argued that rather than hiding youthful drug use  —   which Mr. Doig has admitted  —   or a prison past, the artist was embarrassed by the painting because he had used it as the basis for many other works. The plaintiffs’ case was weakened, art market experts said, because they could produce only one expert witness to authenticate the painting as a Doig. That witness, Mr. Bartlow, proved problematic: He was one of the plaintiffs, and  —   as revealed during the trial  —   had a 25 percent interest in any proceeds. The judge’s ruling said any similarities between the desert scene and Mr. Doig’s paintings were “purely coincidental. ” William F. Zieske, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, said they were disappointed by the ruling and had not decided yet whether to appeal. “I still think the painting may be authentic,” he said. Had the decision gone against Mr. Doig, its effects would have reverberated throughout the art world, experts said. Such a decision could have set an uncomfortable precedent, potentially emboldening others to claim that a seemingly familiar painting on a living room wall was in fact by a   artist. “Other artists will be breathing a big sigh of relief,” said Nicholas M. O’Donnell, a Boston art lawyer.",0
8698,What You Should Watch This Weekend: ‘The Night Of’ and ‘The Circus’ - The New York Times,"Welcome to Watching, The New York Times’s    guide. We comb through releases big and small to email readers twice a week with our timely recommendations. You can browse previous guides here, and to receive recommendations straight to your inbox, sign up here. Stay tuned for our upcoming website. I’m still obsessed with a recent and revolting New York mystery: How did 50   crabs wind up on a subway car? It’s so bizarre and deeply gross. I feel like I’m in Act II of “Macbeth,” when everything goes haywire and the horses start eating one another. This weekend I’ll continue indulging my current obsession with Australian TV. I finished “Wentworth” and “Please Like Me,” and now I’m on Season 2 of the political satire “Dreamland. ” If I’m not careful, “Claire” is going to become “ ” in my brain forever. Have a great weekend. Team Watching and I are, as ever, here for you: watching@nytimes. com. “Run Mama Run” (Watch on ESPN) Watch if you like sports stories and being impressed. Sarah Brown is a   runner trying to make the U. S. Olympic team just 16 weeks after giving birth. “Run Mama Run,” a   web series about her, is fascinating, and the final episode is still in production, since the Olympic track and field trials wrap up Sunday. Beyond the sheer athleticism depicted in “Run,” the series also nods at that unusual spot in culture that Brown occupies: Industry upon industry is built around telling women, especially mothers, what they’re doing wrong. We also venerate athletes to the point that we don’t see them as real people  —   thus allowing us to obsess over their choices in ways that would be creepy and unacceptable for just a private citizen. And there’s Brown, right in the center. “The Circus: Inside the Greatest Political Show on Earth,” Sunday, Showtime, 8 p. m. (The first 13 episodes are also on Showtime Anytime.) Watch if you like political dogfights. At this point in the election cycle, some would rather set their hair on fire than continue engaging with the   aspects of the campaign. Others, though, are just getting fired up. If you are in the latter group, this is for you. The pundits Mark Halperin and John Heilemann (they wrote the book “Game Change,” among other things) focus on the mechanics, the strategy, the players  —   and barely on the actual platforms, which makes the show feel juicy and   rather than like a lecture. The show has a quick turnaround, too, sometimes including footage filmed just days earlier, so it doesn’t seem dated. “The Circus” aired half its season earlier this year, but if you’ve been following the news generally, you don’t need to “catch up. ” “The Night Of,” Sunday, 10 p. m. HBO (the first episode is now available on HBO Go) Watch if you like gripping  —   but devastating  —   crime stories. After a strange night of partying, a young   named Naz finds himself arrested on a charge of murder. The   limited series is based on the British show “Criminal Justice,” which is so intense and absorbing that I’m not sure I ever fully recovered after watching it a few years ago. (It’s not streaming anymore, alas.) Initially, this adaptation was supposed to star James Gandolfini as Naz’s lawyer that role has been recast with John Turturro, though he doesn’t show up much in the pilot. “The Night Of” follows Naz through Rikers Island, then through his trial, which becomes a news media lightning rod. It’s not that anything groundbreaking is happening here, but what is happening is done so well. (Read The New York Times review.) “The Last Alaskans” (Watch on Hulu) Watch if you like thrilling landscapes. I’ve mentioned this show here before, when Season 2 premiered this spring. But Season 1 is now streaming, and a show this beautiful and distinctive deserves another mention. “Alaskans” is a documentary series about the last families allowed to live in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, and it is utterly unlike all those other   reality shows it’s not particularly   and there are long stretches of silence and contemplation. The camerawork is astounding, capturing both the immediate concerns of the human subjects and the gaping indifference of the wilderness around them. If this sets you on an Alaska kick, try the web series “Indie Alaska,” too, which is charming and quirky and educational. Three cineastes  —   the directors Robin Hardy, Michael Cimino and Abbas Kiarostami  —   died within a few days of one another this weekend. I’ve chosen a single movie for each that you can watch while you pour one out for these filmmakers.  —   Monica Castillo  : Kiarostami, an Iranian filmmaker and one of the greats of world cinema, was known for his humanistic approach to characters and for blurring the space between real life and fiction. In his 1990 docudrama, “” Kiarostami does both. The film tells the story of a man on trial for trying to pass himself off as a famous director. To make it even more interesting, Kiarostami cast the actual family that was conned by the man on trial. This quiet, brisk film runs just a little over an hour and a half. (Rent on Amazon and iTunes stream on Hulu with your subscription) Heaven’s Gate: “The Deer Hunter” is the obvious Cimino movie. And for good reason. De Niro, Streep, Walken, Cazale! Unfortunately, that film is not streaming anywhere. So try this one instead. Cimino’s much maligned third movie  —   it is often referred to as the film that brought down the United Artists studio  —   has enjoyed a renaissance since the release of a new restoration in 2012. The story follows a lawman struggling to bring his territory to order when wealthy cattle barons declare war on immigrant settlers. Carve out an afternoon (this is a long one) to take in this sweeping dark 1980 western starring Kris Kristofferson, Isabelle Huppert and Jeff Bridges. “Heaven’s Gate” manages to capture both the grandeur and unblinking brutality of the West. (Rent on Amazon and iTunes) The Wicker Man: A religious police officer travels to a remote British island in search of a missing girl, but what he finds is a mysterious and alluring pagan community. This 1973 Hardy film is one of the greats of British horror. Be warned  —   there are a surprising number of folk songs. (Rent on Amazon and iTunes) • This video of Stephen Colbert describing the night he met his wife is romantic, erudite and beautiful. (The Late Show) • Allison Janney talks “Mom,” “Masters of Sex” and, thank God, a little “West Wing. ” (The New York Times Magazine) • This isn’t really TV related, but holy smokes: “Meet Walburga, the Married Woman Who Hid a Secret Lover in Her Attic for a Decade. ” Aaaaah! (KQED)",0
8699,"Escaped Inmate Takes Cop’s Weapons, Kills Man in Texas Border City","BROWNSVILLE, Texas,  —   An inmate in this border county stabbed a sheriff’s deputy, took his service weapons, and killed a man before leading police on a   chase that ended in a deadly shootout. [The case began on Thursday shortly after 1 p. m. when a Cameron County Sheriff’s Deputy was transporting Miguel Garcia to a clinic, information released by Brownsville Police revealed.  En route, the inmate was able to free himself and attack the deputy using a shank to stab the lawman, Cameron County Sheriff Omar Lucio told Breitbart Texas. After the attack, Garcia took the injured deputy’s gun belt before escaping.  According to Brownsville Police, Garcia jumped into a local   lake and swam across to a nearby residential area. After reaching the other side, Garcia went into the home of    Mario Martinez to steal a vehicle. The escaped inmate pointed a firearm at Martinez and demanded the keys to the man’s 2014 sedan. Martinez did not resist but was reportedly shot without provocation.  After killing the homeowner, Garcia stole the vehicle and sped off, heading west. Authorities were able to locate the fleeing vehicle and tried to stop Garcia setting off a   chase that moved into the nearby city of San Benito. Garcia appears to have crashed or come to a stop at an industrial park and then engaged law enforcement in a short shootout where he was fatally injured. Garcia died at a local hospital. Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. Editor’s note: This story has updated to reflect the exact police equipment taken by Garcia after his escape. ",0
8700,"Denzel Washington, the Oscars and Race - The New York Times","“Maybe I should run for president,” Denzel Washington joked, sitting down to a late breakfast in Midtown Manhattan last week, before immediately issuing a retraction. He had arrived in the States a few hours earlier from London, where he had been promoting his   movie “Fences,” and also talking about what everyone was talking about: the politics of the day. Mr. Washington told the Bagger he understood the surge of anger that had fueled Brexit and President Trump’s ascendence, and now he wanted to talk solutions. But first, he wanted grapefruit juice and eggs. He had squeezed in a few hours of   and ambled into the Park Hyatt’s restaurant looking a little rumpled still. After settling in, he also discovered two holes in his big woolly gray sweater. As commanding a presence as his onscreen personas suggest, Mr. Washington, who is 62, also carries a hint of the   professor. This is the same fellow, after all, who showed up to accept a lifetime achievement award at last year’s Golden Globes having forgotten both his speech and his glasses. But Hollywood adores Mr. Washington, who, armed with charisma and that killer smile, effortlessly charmed the Globes crowd anyway. Promoting his movie, Mr. Washington has been pushing to elevate awareness of August Wilson, the Pulitzer   playwright who wrote “Fences” and adapted it for film. Mr. Washington also has strong opinions on the political turmoil that, invariably, has come to dominate the awards season. Mr. Trump’s presidency was a result of people’s frustrations, Mr. Washington said, but the focus now has to be on finding people work and bridging the bitter national divide. “We can’t just say, ‘We’re right, you’re wrong.’ You can be angry the next four years, and so what?” Mr. Washington said. “Don’t confuse movement with progress. It can lead to progress it’s a vital part of progress. But it still has to be, ‘What are we going to do about it? ’” Mr. Washington certainly has the platform to speak out. In January, he received his seventh Oscar nomination for acting, further cementing a Hollywood royalty status that needed no help. The latest nomination, for his lead turn in “Fences,” was roundly expected, as were the movie’s other nominations, for best film (Mr. Washington was a producer) best adapted screenplay and best supporting actress, for Viola Davis, who is considered a lock to win. But Mr. Washington’s peers delivered a whopping surprise last month at the Screen Actors Guild Awards, which usually foretell Oscar winners. Throughout the season, Casey Affleck has been scooping up best actor prizes for his performance in “Manchester by the Sea,” and he was predicted to collect the guild’s trophy, too. Instead, it went to Mr. Washington, who took the stage wagging his head in disbelief, before deploying a winning strategy  —   disarm them, then own them. “I’m a   man, I’m supposed to have faith but I didn’t have faith,” he noted onstage. “I said, ‘Well, you know that young boy’s going to win, Denzel, you ain’t gonna win.’ So I didn’t even prepare. ” Then, he listed America’s most famous playwrights, making clear who he believes merit inclusion in the pantheon. “Tennessee Williams, Arthur Miller, Eugene O’Neill, Edward Albee, August Wilson,” he said. Set in the 1950s, “Fences” centers on Troy Maxson (Mr. Washington) a     baseball great and garbage collector, and his homemaker wife, Rose, played by Ms. Davis. Onscreen, Mr. Washington and Ms. Davis share a rich, affectionate familiarity, for good reason: They starred in the play’s 2010 revival, a Broadway smash that landed each of them a Tony Award. “Fences” is the sixth of Mr. Wilson’s   “Pittsburgh Cycle,” which explores   lives in each decade of the 20th century. Mr. Washington is working on bringing the remaining nine plays to the screen, for HBO, a plan no doubt helped by the success of “Fences”: It has earned $54 million domestically so far. After meeting the Bagger, he was off to see Ruben   the actor, director and playwright, who had written a first pass at a script for one play in the cycle, “Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom. ” “As a custodian of August Wilson’s estate, in terms of his plays, it’s important for me to promote ‘Fences’ to the hilt,” Mr. Washington said. (He is producing the plays in collaboration with the  estate.) “Not for me to win an award, but for it to be as successful on every level so that we can make the rest of them, you know? No business, no show. ” Getting “Fences” to the screen was a   ordeal. It was optioned in the late ’80s but was delayed partly because Mr. Wilson insisted on having an   director. Mr. Wilson died of cancer in 2005, at 60, and four years later, the powerhouse producer Scott Rudin, who had by then acquired the film rights, sent the screenplay to Mr. Washington, wanting him to star in and direct it. Mr. Washington replied that he wanted to perform it onstage first, so Mr. Rudin made it happen. “I think Denzel is by a mile the greatest living American actor,” Mr. Rudin wrote in an email, and added, “There is no movie of ‘Fences’ without him  —   just as there was no way to present it onstage without him. ” Throughout the run, audiences routinely made clear their intense connection with Mr. Washington, hissing at him when his character’s infallibilities were made plain: “Denzel, how could you?” It would take nearly five more years for Mr. Washington to feel ready to tackle the film. Four of the five main actors had appeared onstage with him, too  —   “We’re a tight band, we know the music,” he said  —   including Ms. Davis, a given. “This is where the actor meets the role,” he said. “I hope she has other great roles. But this is the role. ” (The Bagger asked about Ms. Davis’s rawest scene, where, as she weeps, thick snot runs from her nose. Mr. Washington said he had thought about digitally removing it but concluded that Wilson showed ordinary people, warts and all. “Why clean it up?” he asked.) Did he share Mr. Wilson’s belief that the film could have had only a black director? “You have to be able to understand the culture,” he replied. “Scorsese could have directed ‘Schindler’s List,’ but there’s a cultural difference. This is rooted specifically in   culture. ” Had the film come out a year earlier, it would have possibly reshaped Oscars history. Last year, controversy erupted again after all of the nominated actors ended up being, for the second year in a row, white. Yet Mr. Washington said, fervently, that the success of “Fences,” “Hidden Figures” and “Moonlight,” which also have Oscar nominations and black stars, cannot be viewed as, or reduced to, correctives to #OscarsSoWhite. “They call Wilson the American Shakespeare,” he said. “He’s not fulfilling any quota. ” And as important as it is for people to speak up, Mr. Washington said, it’s just as important for black artists to keep striving for that breakthrough. “You’ve got to keep plugging you’ve got to keep working at it, you’ve got to keep writing,” he said. “There’s an old saying: ‘If it ain’t on the page, it ain’t on the stage. ’”",0
8701,’Modern Family’ Star Sarah Hyland Denies Anorexia Accusation - Breitbart,"“Modern Family” star Sarah Hyland says her skinny appearance lately is due to a medical condition. [The    says in a social media post that critics have accused her of promoting anorexia in pictures she’s posted. Without being specific, Hyland says she has “basically been on bed rest for the past few months” and has lost muscle mass. She says her face is swollen from medication that is saving her life.  She adds that she strives “to be as healthy as possible” but hasn’t “had the greatest year. ” Hyland stars as Lisa Houseman in ABC’s TV movie remake of “Dirty Dancing. ” My story as of now. Part 1. pic. twitter.   —   Sarah Hyland (@Sarah_Hyland) May 24, 2017,  Part 2 pic. twitter.   —   Sarah Hyland (@Sarah_Hyland) May 24, 2017, ",0
8703,’Nut Job’: New York Times Collaborates with Deep State to Smear Trump Again - Breitbart,"The New York Times waited until President Donald Trump was safely aloft in Air Force One before publishing its latest “scoop”: that the president told Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in their private meeting on May 10 that former FBI James Comey was a “nut job. ”[The Times reports that Trump’s remarks were contained in “a document summarizing the meeting,” which it had not obtained but “which was read to The New York Times by an American official. ”  The headline on the Times story claims: “Trump Told Russians That Firing ‘Nut Job’ Comey Eased Pressure From Investigation. ” However, that is not what Trump actually said, according to the remarks as reported by the Times. The Times quotes Trump as follows: “I just fired the head of the F. B. I. He was crazy, a real nut job,” Mr. Trump said, according to the document, which was read to The New York Times by an American official. “I faced great pressure because of Russia. That’s taken off. ” Mr. Trump added, “I’m not under investigation. ” Trump appears to be referring to “pressure” in foreign policy. At no point does he say he felt any legal pressure. The Times includes a comment from White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, who does not dispute that Trump made the comment, but attempts to explain the context: “By grandstanding and politicizing the investigation into Russia’s actions, James Comey created unnecessary pressure on our ability to engage and negotiate with Russia. ” The Times does not report what else may have been in the document, which would appear to have been classified. The Times used the same dubious methods in reporting Tuesday that President Trump had “asked” Comey to end the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. In that story, the Times relied on a Comey “associate” who read from a purported memorandum by Comey, which the newspaper never obtained or verified itself. And it spun Trump’s words as a “request,” when Trump had, in fact, merely said: “I hope you can let this go. ” CNN, predictably, convened a panel of experts immediately after the story was published, all of whom agreed that the Times story provided “bombshell” evidence of obstruction of justice. Spicer also told the Times: “The investigation would have always continued, and obviously, the termination of Comey would not have ended it. Once again, the real story is that our national security has been undermined by the leaking of private and highly classified conversations. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
8704,Bernie Sanders Derides Pick of Clinton Allies as Convention Committee Leaders - The New York Times,"Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont is seeking to bar allies of Hillary Clinton from leading the powerful rules and platform committees of the Democratic National Convention in July, escalating his battle with party leaders. In a letter sent on Friday to party officials, lawyers for Mr. Sanders said that the appointments of Barney Frank, the former Massachusetts congressman, and Gov. Dannel P. Malloy of Connecticut violated party rules. Mr. Frank is to   the rules committee, and Mr. Malloy the platform committee. In the letter, Mr. Sanders’s lawyer Brad Deutsch said that both men have been “harsh, vocal critics of Senator Sanders, and equally active supporters of his challenger, Hillary Clinton. ” Mr. Frank has called Mr. Sanders “outrageously McCarthyite” for his suggesting that Mrs. Clinton would be influenced by her speaking fees from Wall Street Mr. Malloy has led efforts among Clinton allies to attack Mr. Sanders’s record on gun control. Under convention rules, Mr. Deutsch said in the letter, their open criticism of Mr. Sanders made them unfit to   the committees. “Their criticisms of Senator Sanders have gone beyond dispassionate ideological disagreement and have exposed a deeper professional, political and personal hostility toward the senator and his campaign,” Mr. Deutsch wrote. “The chairs therefore cannot be relied upon to perform their convention duties fairly and capably while laboring under such deeply held bias. ” Democratic officials replied on Saturday morning with a letter from Jim Roosevelt, a retired health insurance executive, and Lorraine C. Miller, who head the party’s permanent rules and bylaws committee. They said the appointments did not violate party rules, and that Mr. Sanders had not demonstrated otherwise. The question of Mr. Frank’s and Mr. Malloy’s qualifications had been settled in January, when they were first appointed, Ms. Miller and Mr. Roosevelt wrote, and there is no mechanism to revisit it. “We are compelled to dismiss it,” they said. Mr. Sanders’s efforts to disqualify the Clinton backers mark his latest bid to ensure that his ideas and supporters are well represented at the convention in July. And his battles with Clinton supporters have become increasingly bitter. This month, Sanders supporters erupted in protest at a state party meeting in Nevada, with some threatening the party’s chairwoman there in a dispute over the selection of convention delegates. Mr. Sanders is preparing a major push to influence the party’s formal platform, and Mr. Frank and Mr. Malloy will each wield substantial power over that process. Mr. Deutsch’s letter indicates that if necessary, Mr. Sanders will take his battle over the credentials of Mr. Frank and Mr. Malloy to the convention in Philadelphia. Both men were chosen in January by Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, who has clashed with Mr. Sanders over her scheduling of primary debates and, more recently, his supporters’ attacks on other Democratic leaders.",0
8705,"A Transcript of the Best-Picture Mixup: It Was ‘La La Land,’ Until It Was ‘Moonlight’ - The New York Times","For a brief few minutes, “La La Land” lovers relished the victory, while those rooting for “Moonlight” to win best picture turned the TV off or tweeted their anguish. Then, in an awkward series of events sure to be permanently etched into Hollywood lore, it turned out to be fake news. Anguish and celebration turned to confusion. Presenting the   award at the end of a long Oscars evening, Warren Beatty opened the envelope and after some hesitation, his fellow presenter Faye Dunaway announced that “La La Land” was the winner. Moments later, even as “La La Land” speeches began, a producer of that film made it clear that, in fact, “Moonlight” was the winner. The words “WHAT IS HAPPENING?” trended on Twitter. It was stunning for such a   to happen on one of the most   stages possible. Rumors long held that Marisa Tomei was given her best supporting actress award in 1993 by mistake, but those rumors have been thoroughly debunked. Steve Harvey famously flubbed the winner of the 2015 Miss Universe pageant, but that gained prominence through media coverage in the days afterward. This time, the world was watching as it unfolded. Here is a transcript of the scene. Grab your popcorn. Mr. Beatty hands her the envelope. The crowd erupts in applause, and the “La La Land” cast approaches the stage. At this point, people onstage have clearly begun to pass around the disorienting news. Members of the “Moonlight” team rise from their seats and begin to approach the stage. The “Moonlight” cast members ascend to the stage and exchange embraces and, possibly, condolences with the cast members of “La La Land. ”",0
8706,Obama DOJ: Handmaiden of Clinton Corruption,"Go to Article 
The Obama Department of Justice has been corruptly aiding and abetting the Democratic Party’s presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, to escape legal accountability for her actions. From Attorney General Loretta Lynch on down through the Justice Department’s political ranks, the Department has blocked the FBI from searching for the truth and following the evidence of potential criminality to its logical conclusion. Whether it is Hillary’s use of a private e-mail server while serving as Secretary of State or her involvement in the pay-for-play Clinton enterprise known as the Clinton Foundation, the Obama administration is applying a banana republic-style double standard to pervert justice and the rule of law in order to shield her. 
Lynch and President Obama were reportedly furious with FBI Director James Comey for sending a letter to Congress on October 28 th indicating that new evidence potentially pertinent to the e-mail case had come to light, which required further investigation. This evidence consisted of a batch of e-mails FBI investigators had found on one or more computers belonging to Anthony Weiner, Clinton confidante Huma Abedin’s estranged husband, while they were searching for evidence in an unrelated case involving Weiner’s alleged sexting to an underage girl. Comey sent his letter after months of agonizing over his previous decision to let Hillary off the hook in the e-mail case last July. He was said by a source close to him to have been particularly disturbed by the mounting number of resignation letters from FBI agents who felt betrayed by that decision. 
Department of Justice officials had leaned on Comey not to send the letter to Congress, claiming that it would violate Department protocols and procedures against taking any action that could be perceived as interfering with the upcoming presidential election. To his credit, Comey ignored the Department officials’ objections, claiming he had an obligation to keep the Congress and the public informed of any potentially significant new developments in the case. 
Democrats, who had lavished praise on Comey for his July decision, lashed out at Comey for sending his letter updating Congress. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid went so far as to make the baseless charge that Comey may have violated the law by informing Congress, because, Reid argued, he appeared to be taking sides in an election. The disgraced former Attorney General Eric Holder, held in contempt of Congress for withholding information relating to the Fast and Furious scandal, said about Comey’s action, “I fear he has unintentionally and negatively affected public trust in both the Justice Department and the FBI. It is up to the director to correct his mistake — not for the sake of a political candidate or campaign but in order to protect our system of justice and best serve the American people.” 
Since when has Holder been genuinely concerned about protecting our system of justice and best serving the American people? Holder had already contributed to the erosion of public trust, with his blatant politicization of the Obama Department of Justice. As evidenced by the Obama Department of Justice’s handling of the multiple FBI investigations involving Hillary Clinton, the Department has continued its slide into the muck of corruption. It interfered with both the normal course of criminal investigations and the election by stacking the deck in Hillary’s favor, ensuring that no indictment would occur to derail her path to succeed Obama and preserve his legacy. 
First, the Department of Justice reportedly refused to empanel a grand jury in either the e-mail case or in connection with the FBI’s investigation of the Clinton Foundation pay-for-play allegations. “The problem here is this investigation was never a real investigation,” former assistant FBI director James Kallstrom said . “That’s the problem. They never had a grand jury empanelled, and the reason they never had a grand jury empanelled, I’m sure, is Loretta Lynch would not go along with that.” 
Kallstrom’s belief that Lynch acted to influence the results of the FBI probes in Hillary’s favor is buttressed by Lynch’s 30 minute private tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton shortly before FBI Director Comey faced the cameras on July 5 th with his exculpatory announcement. 
Second, at least five immunity agreements were handed out in the e-mail case, including to Hillary’s lawyer and confidante Cheryl Mills and to Platte River Networks’ Paul Combetta. It appears that Combetta had previously lied to government investigators – a crime in itself – while trying to cover up the fact that he had evidently Bleachbited e-mails to delete them, even though they had been subject to a previously issued Congressional subpoena. The immunity agreements garnered nothing in return, but had the effect of blocking access to the computer devices of the immunity beneficiaries in the FBI’s separate Clinton Foundation investigation. Apparently, the Department decided against the alternative option of subpoenaing the computer devices or seeking a search warrant, rather than granting useless immunities, in order to obtain any evidence relevant to the e-mail investigation that might have been contained in those devices. 
Third, the Department and FBI did not conduct their last minute interview of Hillary Clinton under oath and allowed Cheryl Mills – herself a material witness – to sit in during Hillary’s interview. They did not ask pertinent follow-up questions. There was no verbatim transcript of the interview to use in checking the veracity of Hillary’s statements during the interview against her sworn Congressional testimony or her many public statements. 
Fourth, the Department of Justice reportedly refused to allow the FBI to issue subpoenas to gather more evidence in connection with its investigation of the Clinton Foundation pay-for-play allegations. In fact, senior Department officials reportedly would not authorize a more thorough FBI investigation because they claimed there was not sufficient evidence gathered thus far to justify going further. Such a circular argument was a mere cover to prevent seasoned career investigators from learning the full extent of foreign government donations while Hillary was Secretary of State, their true motivations and any favors extended by the State Department in return. 
Finally, the cross-connections between the Clintons and some high level Department of Justice and FBI officials cry out for recusal. But not so in this administration. For example, the wife of the deputy FBI director who was involved in the laggard Clinton Foundation investigation, Andrew McCabe, just happened to have received a large donation from close Clinton ally Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe to her 2015 run for the State Senate. 
To make matters worse, the Obama Department of Justice assigned Assistant Attorney General Peter J. Kadzik, a close friend of Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager John Podesta, to communicate with Congress about what Kadzik promised would be a “thorough” review of the newly discovered e-mails from Anthony Weiner’s online account. 
Podesta praised Kadzik in an e-mail to an Obama campaign official back in 2008 as a “Fantastic lawyer,” and said about his pal, “Kept me out of jail.” Their history together goes further back than that. During the waning days of Bill Clinton’s presidency, it was Kadzik, then representing the infamous billionaire fugitive Marc Rich, who lobbied Podesta, then serving as Bill Clinton’s chief of staff, for a presidential pardon on his client’s behalf. Kadzik’s lobbying effort, no doubt helped along by contributions to Hillary Clinton’s Senate campaign and to Bill Clinton’s presidential library, paid off. Bill Clinton delivered the requested pardon on his last day in office. 
Kadzik joined the Department of Justice in April 2013, first as a Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs, and then as the Principal Deputy. With the Podesta connection intact, Kadzik has served as a highly placed Clinton campaign mole in the Department. An e-mail dated May 19, 2015 from Kadzik to Podesta, released by WikiLeaks , proves the point. Bearing the subject heading “Heads Up,” Kadzik advised Podesta about upcoming Congressional testimony by the head of the Department’s Civil Division, and about another filing in the Freedom of Information case that would mean “it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails.” Podesta forwarded Kadzik’s heads up e-mail to several senior Hillary Clinton campaign officials with the admonition: “Additional chances for mischief.” 
Exploiting his coordinating role in the re-opened e-mail investigation and contacts with FBI investigators, Kadzik will now be in a position to relay inside information to his pal Podesta and to provide inside information to the Clinton campaign’s supporters in Congress as well. 
The Clintons manage to turn virtually everything they touch into a cesspool of corruption. The Obama Department of Justice is no exception.  ",0
8708,Obama Administration Smacks Down Enlistment Bonus Repayments After Republican Congress Does Nothing,"  
For those of us too ensnared in the Trumpster fire to pay attention to anything substantive, a majorly screwed up thing was happening to our fighting men and women. The LA Times broke the story that the Department of Defense has been ordering almost 10,000 one-time National Guardsmen from California to pay back enlistment bonuses due to an error over a decade ago. Horror stories began pouring in of soldiers being notified that they MUST pay back the money or face wage garnishments, tax liens and interest charges. 
This, of course, prompted the Obama administration to take immediate action while our do-nothing Republican Congress focuses on such important issues as defunding Obamacare. 
Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced today that the Pentagon will suspend efforts to recoup bonuses overpaid to troops more than a decade ago. “There is no more important responsibility for the Department of Defense than keeping faith with our people. That means treating them fairly and equitably, honoring their service and sacrifice, and keeping our word,” Carter added. 
Of course, Republicans love to wear the biggest flag pins they can find and feign love for the troops come reelection time, but really put their words into action. This might explain why they did NOTHING to stop this. 
It seems the California National Guard told the state’s members of Congress two years ago that the Pentagon was making every effort at taking back its promised re-enlistment bonuses from thousands of soldiers. In fact, the California National Guard went so far as to develop a plan to assuage the problem. However, being the greedy do-nothing leaches that they are, the Republican-led Congress didn’t lift a finger. 
Once again, the Obama Administration is forced to step in and help the very people Republicans claim to love so much. 
Featured image via Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images Share this Article!",0
8709,"Bernie Sanders: Now More Than Ever, It's Our Revolution","Bernie Sanders: Now More Than Ever, It's Our Revolution Share on Facebook Tweet 
The Senator from Vermont remains optimistic about the country's future, and urges citizens to become more deeply involved in the political process. [watch video below]",0
8710,National Border Patrol Council Endorses Pro-Amnesty Candidate,"Email 
Recently the National Border Patrol Council endorsed candidate Doug Applegate as representative for California. In this surprising endorsement, immigration expert Andy Ramirez examines Applegate's stance on immigration policy. His findings will leave you scratching your head as to why the NBPC has decided to stand behind him. 
Applegate is running against incumbent Representative Darrell Issa, who has historically been tied to controversy. 

Order Your Reprint of Working Together to Rewrite the Constitution  ",0
8711,‘Dillary Trumplon’: This Guy’s Epic Rap Song Just Destroyed Trump AND Hillary,"By Nick Bernabe at theantimedia.org
The 2016 election has been one for the record books. Somehow, two of the most reviled people in the United States have become the frontrunners for the most powerful job in the country — and the world.
On one hand, there is Donald Trump , the compulsively lying demagogic womanizing egomaniacal billionaire. On the other hand, there is Hillary Clinton, the infinitely corrupt influence peddling war-starter who allegedly cheated her way to the top of the Democratic Party while leaving a number of victims in her wake.
A significant portion of young people would actually prefer that a giant, apocalyptic meteor hit the earth rather than see Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump elected president.
It’s not all bad, though — at least when it comes to the creative art that has been inspired by this nightmare of an election. One such example is “Dillary Trumplon,” a recently released rap song written and performed by Blaise Guerra that’s starting to go viral on social media. From Trump’s demagoguery to Hillary’s war mongering, Guerra leaves no stone unturned.
Listen to the song for yourself, then check out our interview with Blaise below (his responses have been slightly edited and condensed for clarity).
AM: What inspired you to make this song? Blaise: I was inspired to make the song because I felt very disenfranchised by the way Bernie Sanders sparked such an incredible movement but was completely ignored by the media and given no shot. Yet according to Election Justice USA , without the primaries being fixed, Sanders could have won by a landslide. I felt so cheated when he lost. I knew the Democratic establishment had completely undermined the meaning of democracy and stolen the nomination from him.",0
8712,The LPWAN: The Future of Powering the IoT?,"The LPWAN: The Future of Powering the IoT? November 4, 2016 Google + As the predictions for the number of IoT devices worldwide edges into the billions, the question is becoming less about whether and how to connect devices, and more about how to sustain so many devices on existing networks.
Connectivity is a key to the function of the IoT, so many engineers are working on alternatives for getting data from point A to point B. But sustaining those billions of connections requires a wireless technology that can handle long distances, use minimal power, and cost less than what is being used for IoT devices now. 
Currently, short-range wireless connectivity isn’t necessarily an issue, as connectivity technology like Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, ZigBee, and Z-Wave. Longer range connectivity is effectively managed by 2G, 3G, and 4G LTE, with 5G wireless not too far off in the future. However, these tools for long-range wireless connectivity are not designed for the typical IoT device, that doesn’t require the same amount of power as a cellphone or other mobile device. These tools are better suited for larger devices, that contain larger batteries and can be regularly recharged, rather than a smaller, sensor-based device that either doesn’t have a battery or has a very small battery that cannot be recharged, or doesn’t need recharging on a regular basis. 
As developers continue to create devices using efficient, low-power microcontrollers and applications , it’s becoming increasingly clear that connectivity also needs to focus on implementing lower power options as well. Current connectivity options for IoT devices eat up too much battery life. One potential solution that is getting a lot of attention is a new kind of low-power, long-range wireless network: Low-Power WAN (LPWAN). ‘Help Us, LPWAN, You’re Our Only Hope’ 
LPWAN may not be the only hope for a solution for the power problems facing the IoT, but it is showing the most potential. 
The idea of LPWAN is not a new one, either. Typically designed for machine-to-machine networking environments, LPWANs have lower power requirements in addition to a longer range, at a lower cost, than traditional wireless connectivity options. As a result, LPWAN is believed to be a better choice for IoT applications, since it transfers data at lower rates while also reducing power consumption. Since most home equipment offers more bandwidth than the typical IoT device needs, it uses more power than necessary, but a LPWAN network allows for more devices to be connected over a larger area, and offers improved machine-to-machine communication. 
LPWANs also offer a longer range of connectivity than the usual home solutions, such as Wi-Fi — in some cases, the connectivity even extends for miles. This allows for connections at longer distances, which is important for the operation of some IoT devices. Drawbacks to the LPWAN 
While the LPWAN holds a great deal of promise for the IoT going forward, there are some drawbacks. For starters, LPWAN technology was not initially designed for the IoT, so there is some question as to how it will actually work for IoT-connected devices in the long term. Because there are still questions about how to design devices to be as low-power as possible, there is no guarantee that LPWAN will end out as the best solution. 
There are also questions about how useful LPWANs will be once 5G technology is released; in other words, will 5G be able to handle the needs of the IoT better than any existing technology now? Not to mention, the idea of an LPWAN is relatively new, so there isn’t truly enough data to support claims about their cost, data rate, and battery life in terms of IoT devices. As more applications are deployed on the networks, it will be easier to see whether they can handle large-scale deployment and handle IoT applications effectively, but for now there are still questions. 
The explosion of the IoT is creating new challenges for companies that are still exploring the technologies and skills necessary to make everything work. However, choosing the right wireless network for connected devices is one of the most important priorities for any company, as they attempt to balance the myriad conflicting requirements. So for now, then, it appears that LPWAN has the most potential as a solution for wireless connectivity, and will be the best option for the foreseeable future. ",0
8713,"For Britain’s ‘Brexit’ Bunch, the Party Just Ended - The New York Times","LONDON  —   For those blithely inclined toward the view that Britain would somehow find a way to sever its relationship with the European Union free of drama or financial consequences  —   like canceling a car rental reservation, with a tad more paperwork  —   Friday was a sobering day of reckoning. As the British pound plunged some 6 percent against the American dollar in the span of two minutes in early trading in Asia, the markets offered a reminder that divorce tends to be messy, expensive and laced with uncertainties. It rarely ends happily. The selling was so frenzied and swift that those who swap currencies for a living spoke of computerized transactions going haywire, rogue algorithms at work or a data entry error. The drop in the value of the pound appeared excessive, and it soon recovered some losses, though the British currency was down about 17 percent  —   around 25 cents  —   since June 23, the day Britain voted to abandon Europe. More than anything, though, the precipitous drop seemed to attest to an increasingly unmistakable reality: Britain’s vote to exit the European Union  —   Brexit, in common parlance  —   has put its commercial relationships with the world on uncertain and potentially perilous ground. That poses risks for the British economy, making its money less attractive to hold. “The world believes that the U. K. is going to be poorer in the future, and find it more expensive to trade,” said Paul Johnson, the director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies, an independent research institution in London. “Essentially, the world is betting against the pound. ” And against the British economy. The immediate cause of the plunge appeared to be a speech by the French president, François Hollande, on Thursday evening in Paris, in which he endorsed the view that Britain must be forced to swallow unpalatable terms of departure to discourage other European Union members from eyeing the exits. “The U. K. has decided to do a Brexit, I believe even a hard Brexit,” Mr. Hollande said. “Well, then, we must go all the way through the U. K.’s willingness to leave the E. U. We have to have this firmness. “If not,” he continued, “we would jeopardize the fundamental principles of the E. U. Other countries would want to leave the E. U. to get the supposed advantages without the obligations. ” Hard Brexit, Soft Brexit, Brexit Over Easy. No one really knows what these terms mean (and the last one is made up). But, crudely, they divide potential outcomes into the ones in which Britain maintains effective inclusion within Europe’s single market  —   a realm sprawling from Ireland to Romania, holding some 500 million people  —   and the ones in which Britain winds up outside. Mr. Hollande’s line echoed a speech given by  Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany earlier that day. The week began with an admission from Britain’s new Conservative prime minister, Theresa May, that access to the European market is likely to be a casualty of Britain’s pursuit of a primary aspiration expressed in the Brexit vote: imposing limits on immigration. European leaders have been resolute that free movement of people across the borders of member nations is a nonnegotiable cost of admission in the common market. But Brexiteers had steadfastly maintained the illusion that Britain could have it both ways  —   that it could retain access to the European market while still controlling immigration. In destroying that idea, the prime minister’s admission badly rattled the markets. The stakes are considerable. Britain ships nearly half its exports to other European Union members. The giants of global banking have turned London into a financial center rivaling New York, using hubs here to extend their reach across the rest of the European market. Investment has poured into Britain from around the world, as major manufacturers have set up factories so they can sell their wares across Europe without incurring tariffs. To one degree or another  —   and no one really knows how much  —   Brexit puts all of this in play. Negotiations between Britain and Europe are expected to commence sometime early next year. Whatever settlement results must be ratified by the remaining members of the European Union, meaning that Britain’s economic prospects are now tethered to the vagaries of domestic politics in 27 other countries. None of these risks were unforeseen. During a fractious campaign leading up to the referendum, great reams of paper were released sketching out the potential effects on the British economy should voters opt to leave. Reports varied on details and degree, but they nearly unanimously concluded that Brexit would entail economic pain. The British Treasury surveyed the trading arrangements the government might strike with Europe after a Brexit vote and concluded it could lop some 6. 2 percent off the gross domestic product by 2030. That would leave the average household worse off by about 4, 300 pounds a year (at the current, depressed exchange rate, about $5, 300). But those campaigning to leave dismissed such talk as fearmongering. They described a swashbuckling and reinvigorated Britain that would break free from a stagnating Europe  —   the land of unemployed children moving in with their parents  —   to instead focus on improving trade with   countries like China, India and the United States. Since the vote, those who urged leaving Europe have pointed to the facts that the sun still rises and the earth still spins to declare validation. Even as the pound has fallen against the dollar, consumer spending has generally held up along with employment. Economic growth has yet to be hit. Boutiques and   restaurants in London remain packed. Some have focused on the upsides of a declining pound, which makes British exports cheaper on world markets and renders Britain a more affordable tourist destination. But this misses the fact that nearly   of the goods and services consumed in Britain are imported. In dollar terms, the price of those goods and services is spiking. Eventually, economists assume, this inflation will work its way through the economy, further depressing growth by crimping consumer spending and potentially sowing unemployment. During the campaign, those in favor of leaving offered assurance that, whatever resulted, Britain would ultimately secure a beneficial trade deal with Europe. Germany sells vast quantities of cars to British consumers, giving it every incentive to keep trade flowing unimpeded by tariffs. As the largest economy in the union, Germany would hold the cards. But in her speech on Thursday, Ms. Merkel took direct aim at that argument, telling a gathering of industry leaders that any wavering on the principle of free movement of people would pose “a systemic challenge for the entire European Union. ” The sudden plummeting of the pound appeared to signal that investors were absorbing the intricacies of this dynamic, and seeing through the Brexiteers’ claims that Britain could impose limits on immigration while also negotiating a settlement with Europe that would maintain access to the common market. Boris Johnson, the former London mayor who campaigned for leaving the European Union and is now foreign secretary, managed last week to maintain the government line while simultaneously making fun of the charade. “Our policy is having our cake and eating it,” he told the British tabloid, The Sun. But on Sunday, as Prime Minister May addressed a gathering of her governing Conservative Party in Birmingham, she essentially dumped the cake in the bin. “We have voted to leave the European Union and become a fully independent, sovereign country,” Mrs. May declared. “We will do what independent, sovereign countries do. We will decide for ourselves how we control immigration. ” In short, a “hard Brexit” appeared to be in Britain’s future. “Somehow, a whole combination of people were in denial up until now,” said Adam S. Posen, a former member of the   committee at the Bank of England, and now president of the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington. “There were the people who thought Brexit would be reversed,” he continued. “There were the people who delusionally thought there would be a soft Brexit, and all the northern Europeans would be nice to them. And there were people who believed that this crew in charge of the British negotiations were somehow going to strike a good deal. All of the delusions have run out of material. ”",0
8714,Kind Samaritan Pays Off All Overdue Lunch Fees At Hometown Elementary School,"It’s difficult to comprehend, but an estimated 20% of kids in the United States of America live in poverty. In 2014, 13 million lived in food insecure households, meaning they weren’t sure when food... ",0
8715,These New Solar Panels Use Sunlight to Create Clean Drinking Water from the Air,"By Christina Sarich Jordan — You’ve already heard of solar panels that can sustainably provide energy, but what about an ultra-high tech solar panel that can provide doubly-pure, twice distilled... ",0
8716,Giving To The Water Protectors Fighting The Dakota Access Pipeline,"Several initiatives have launched to support the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and other indigenous people resisting construction of the Dakota Access pipeline on their land.
First and foremost, the Sacred Stone Camp established by Standing Rock has an official page for funding the water, propane, food, blankets, and other needs of the camp.
Sacred Stone also has a legal defense fund to help defend those engaged in peaceful prayer and nonviolent direction, who are targeted and attacked by police.
The Standing Rock Medic and Healer Council was on the ground to assist hundreds of water protectors on Backwater Sunday, when police assaulted them on a highway bridge with a water cannon, tear gas, concussion grenades, rubber bullets, and threatened them with a sound cannon. The Council has an Amazon “wish list” of items needed to continue to provide such assistance to the water protectors.
Photo by Leslie Peterson
Also, as the water protectors prepare for much colder weather in North Dakota, the Council is raising funds for wool blankets, emergency blankets, wool socks, wool thermal underwear, hand warmers, safety goggles, trauma kits, straw bales, and firewood. They are accepting donations to provide herbal remedies to water protectors. Anyone with vehicles that could be used for responding to medical emergencies is encouraged to donate their vehicles.
On top of that, funds for the Council will go toward “winter infrastructure needs.” The funds will be used for “climate-controlled storage of medic supplies” and for “emergency contingency supply funds.”
A supply list shows the array of items the encampment needs, including propane, gas cards, paint, ropes, and heavy duty canvas or tarps.
The Red Warrior Camp is also an encampment on the front lines of the resistance to the pipeline. The camp is working to secure their encampment through the winter so it can “continue to protect the Mni Sose River in sovereign Lakota Territory.” The Camp has a legal defense fund as well.
As noted, the name of the people commonly referred to as the Sioux is Oceti Sakowin, which means Seven Council Fires. The Oceti Sakowin have a camp that is on the front lines preparing for winter. They are collecting donations to build lodges and keep everyone in the camp safe and warm.
The Indian Country Today Media Network highlighted the Indigenous Environmental Network , which is a nonprofit focused on advocacy for environmental issues affecting Standing Rock and other indigenous people; EarthJustice, which is a law firm representing the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in their efforts to protect the water from pipeline destruction;
B Yellowtail has a fundraiser, where people can buy “Protector” t-shirts. All proceeds go to Standing Rock. Similarly, actress Shailene Woodley’s “Up To Us” organization produced an “I Stand With Standing Rock” t-shirt. Funds raised go to solidarity efforts by the organization.
Sacred Stone Camp does not want anyone to show up to the camp without coordinating with leaders of the camp beforehand, however, anyone willing to contribute their time, energy, and labor to helping water protectors maintain the camp and prepare for winter is welcome. The camp believes it is important for white allies to recognize their privilege and take risks in solidarity. They also need assistance in the kitchens and with chopping wood, etc. They encourage people to register to come stay at the camp for a one-week period .
Those who do not have money to give should not be concerned they cannot show solidarity and help the water protectors. Informing friends, family, and colleagues of what is going on with pipeline resistance is an excellent way to show solidarity. The Sacred Stone Camp also consistently shares ways to help on their Facebook page, sometimes including phone numbers that can be called to pressure officials to release arrested water protectors or to convince leaders to make statements of support for the water protectors.
For example, November 25 kicks off a week of solidarity action throughout the United States and the world. Banks supporting the pipeline will be targeted with nonviolent direct actions urging divestment. Banks like TD Bank and Citigroup will face protests demanding they stop funding the pipeline.
The post Giving To The Water Protectors Fighting The Dakota Access Pipeline appeared first on Shadowproof .
",0
8717,Secret Emails From Hillary Clinton Reveal: There Is A Very Powerful Circle Of People Ruling Over Hillary Who Hate Christians And Who Are Now Executing A Plan To Annihilate Christians And Advance Islam - Freedom Outpost,"Email 
Reading through Hillary and her ‘gang’ leaked emails, gives us a picture as to how America’s foreign policy was run, a policy that nearly wiped out Christians from the Middle East. Looking through Hillary’s email shows a gang bent on destroying the Middle East. It was as if a college Muslim Student Association (which Huma Abedin was member) took over the realm of power, not just any power, but the most powerful nation on earth, where all policy was directed by a handful ring of revolutionary students, who thought that the Middle East needed a facelift, and the only method was to start revolutions. The tragic part is that what you will read here is no fantasy or a simple school project, it is a reality that caused global destruction. It is in fact the prelude to World War III. 
Feast your eyes into the secret workings of the Hillary band-of-trouble makers. You will only conclude that Hillary Clinton and her aide, Huma Abedin, should not just be imprisoned, but should face the execution by lethal injection for all the crimes they have committed against humanity. 
Reading through the volume of emails makes the operation easy to comprehend. A handful of opportunists with spy-huma continually flatter Hillary. Huma closely watches her confused buffoon boss and they all feed her daily dosages of unreliable information to form her mind by exerting undue influence. At times Huma even tells Hillary what time to “take a nap”. Huma even disclosed to another opportunist staffer that their boss is ‘Often Confused’. 
Of course, with a confused boss, Abedin had access to Hillary’s Secretary of State email address that was not even secure using her email server to read everything coming in and everything going out. All this, regardless that she had no clearance to operate under such capacity. How she collected 650,000 emails does not take a rocket scientist to calculate. 
Abedin worked for Hillary since 1996. 650,000 emails would average at 90 emails per day. Why would any simple aide want to store 20 years worth of secret emails on another computer besides hers, calls for question that what we are dealing with here is more than just an ‘aide’ but a hijabless spy taking the buffoon on a wild camel ride to create a Muslim Brotherhood revolution. Wrong. This buffoon is not a Hillary’s double and is not ‘photo shopped’ 
It is clear from the volumes of emails we obtained so far from Wikileaks, Huma then becomes the conduit and filter that ‘provides or denies access’ and dispenses just the right media press needed to form Hillary’s worldview on all things ‘Middle East’. This information concluded the policy which provoked civil unrest throughout the Muslim world. The team’s duty was simply to build walls and fortifications making it hard to reach Clinton while ‘Charlie’s angels’ accomplished what was needed. First, to prove American’s are voting for a buffoon is easy. In one example, Huma with undue influence writes Hillary: 
“I understand you are ok making the abu mazen call. Everyone agrees you should make it and they want you to do it today.” 
“Everyone” is the gang. They wanted her to speak to the Palestinian Authority leader Abu Mazen (Mahmoud Abbas). Hillary responds: “I don’t know what I’d say“. Huma would write back “these are points from him about what to say. And they asked if you would do today.” 
Hillary can’jt seem to survive without Huma, she writes Huma: “let’s go on our trip. I think it’s worth it. And we can always add Israel as we did before!” 
Huma: “Ok great! We’ll do ecuador now cause otherwise we lose him. So pinato, mubarak, lobo.” 
Hillary: “That’s fine. How are you doing?” 
Huma: “Excellent. Yesterday was a madhouse but got a lot accomplished.” 
Huma bossing her buffoon boss, can’t seem to have Hillary do a simple task: “can you hang up the fax line, they will call again and try fax Just pick up phone and hang it up. And leave it hung up.” 
Obedient Hillary: “I did.” 
Huma: “Yes but hang up one more time. So they can reestablish the line.” 
Hillary is so stupid “I thought it was supposed to be off hook to work?” 
When Huma wants things done (like when she wanted favors for the Saudis) Huma would use key names who said that Hillary “should to do it”. The “aged Saudi ruler” needed to expedite his travel and Huma comes for the rescue. Huma would tell Hillary: “Jeff mentioned we are helping expedite visas for [Saudi] delegation.” 
The circle who influenced Hillary most had everything in common regarding political views. Huma, a Muslim, and a couple, of really, the most self-hating Jews money can buy, the Blumenthals, used what Hillary gobbles up most: flattery . Huma even nicknames Hillary “Fabius” a throwback to Quintus Fabius Maximus a Roman politician around 280 BC who was twice appointed Dictator.”Reminder fabius at 3:30 Take a nap” Huma tells Hillary as if she was mother and Hillary is a crib-ridden child. 
After every speech or interview, this handful, her gang, would chime in “powerful” “wonderful” as to fatten the bosses’s head. Sidney Blumenthal who had made the greatest impact on Hillary was a senior adviser to Ms. Clinton during her 2008 and then was shut out of the State Department by the White House in 2009 for all his shenanigans. Presidential advisor Sidney Blumenthal, center, departs Capitol Hill after being deposed by House prosecutors Wednesday, Feb. 3, 1999 
But now we know one of the reasons why Hillary wanted a private server. Through the Jewish Blumenthal and even his two sons, Hillary was under constant undue-influence and pressure to trust and believe un-vetted opinions titled as “facts” from supposedly “trustworthy” “secret sources” from “sources close to governments”. As it turns out, it was all third-hand rumors guised as ‘reliable’ and ‘confidential’ which formed the judgments of one of U.S. government’s most powerful figures. 
So if the issue at hand was the nation of lets say, Kyrgyzstan, Blumenthal would send Hillary some radio jockey’s (Scott Horton) report: “Scott Horton has just returned from a week in Kyrgyzstan, where he held lengthy private conversations with a range of leaders.” 
What “range of leaders” was simply bogus. All Blumenthals contacts supposedly had ‘inside intel’, they are supposedly well connected to all the higher-ups. Despite his untrustworthiness and his opportunism, the Blumenthal’s had a lion-share of Hillary leaked emails . They continued their influence over Hillary by even having Max, Sidney’s son, one of America’s most notorious Israel haters, continually corresponding with Hillary influencing her mind. She loved his unsubstantiated articles and responded very favorably to them. With a private server they can now bash anyone who does not agree. Even Shoebat.com was not immune from reaching Hillary who was interested to later spread all sorts of slander on us. 
Blumenthal’s writings was the springboard to Max’s anti-Semitic Goliath , comparing Israel to the Nazis, even calling for the expulsion of the Jews from Israel, while comparing the Israel Defense Forces to the SS. Hillary was obliged to respond with favor: 
7/6/2010 – “Pls print 5 copies but w/out heading from Sid.” 8/17/2010 – “Pls congratulate Max for another impressive piece. He’s so good.” 
11/18/2010- “A very smart piece as usual.” 4/7/2011 – “Will Max’s piece be published anywhere else? It is powerful and touching.” 12/23/2011 – “Max strikes again!” 1/21/2012 – “Interesting reading.” 9/13/2012 “Your Max is a mitzvah!” 12/7/2012 – “Good stuff. Where is he now?” 
Hillary’s favorite reports were Max’s, sent to her via his father Sidney, especially one that raised our eyebrow, on tracking ‘the dangerous Islamophobist Cabal’ revealing Shoebat as one, where Hillary requested the report printed for her read. Reports that attempt to minuscule the whistle blowers as “whacky” is written by Max who signs his name “ Blumenthal, The Great “. 
“I’m at the post office but Huma has this printed for you” responds Monica Hanley regarding the report on us and the other dangerous ‘phobes’. 
Literally, hundreds of missive emails sent to Hillary completely re-brainwashing an already brainwashed buffoon with all sorts of conspiracy theories and untrustworthy information. 
And if Max Blumenthal was ‘like father like son’, Huma was ‘like mother like daughter’ and was not much different from the Blumenthals. The true color of Huma was revealed when one major Hillary Clinton Jewish donor, Haim Saban, in one article complimented Hillary (its how you get in) while stating that there needs to be more scrutiny on Muslim immigrants, Abedin, the filter, was not thoroughly pleased, of course, and had to chime in scolding the Jew who had some anti-Muslim immigration ideas: 
“Good interview. Thanks for sharing. But what you are saying about Muslims not consistent with HRC. Are you aware of that?” 
In other words, if you want to get through to Hillary, Huma was the gate-keeper and an ‘open sesame’ requires that everyone say the magic words about Islam or say something nasty about Israel. 
Including all the anti-Israel reports will take an entire book. Yet when it came to Christians, we find nothing, not even a scant of services. Hillary would not reprimand Philippe Reines on his “mother teresa” comment calling Christians “those crazy right”. In an email by Reines sent to Hillary and copied to Huma regarding a Catholic orphanage, an adoption ministry, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton hailed as “a home she helped open with Mother Teresa” was closed down by red tape, Reines writes Hillary: 
Just FYI on the below, from one of those crazy right “magazines” – notes that the home you referenced in your Prayer Breakfast remarks has since closed. 
There was no reprimand by Hillary to the type of language her advisor used. When it was a Christian publication, it was always dubbed “crazy right”. 
But perhaps satanism amongst the elites (and after reviewing the emails) is no longer conspiracy theory. The leaks from Colin Powel’s phone and Wikileaks match emails from Blumenthal to Hillary: 
“I had lunch yesterday with Philip Bobbitt, who told me he had recently been at the Bohemian Grove and had lunch there with Kissinger and Colin Powell.” 
Even the reputable National Geographic refers to the Bohemian Grove as having some pagan rituals and included the photos. Perhaps all the Free-Masonry theories about starting revolutions which I doubted as ‘conspiracy theory’ do have merit that what we are dealing with here are satanic elitists who call all truth ‘conspiracy theory’. 
There was not one comment revering Christianity or anything Christian. In reality, what difference does it make whether Huma bows to a black stone, like the ancient Jews of the Sinai, who switched from their God Yahweh and bowed to a golden calf, or the elites bowing to Molech or an owl at the Bohemian Grove. It all shows, for one to get ahead, they must first ensure their names are first blotted out from the book of life. Indeed, there is neither Jew nor Gentile, there is only good or evil. 
Vanity of vanities. But here comes the beefy tostada, that every American who votes, need to start paying close attention to. The “best way to help Israel” is to start a war in Syria was Blumenthal’s grand idea. Anyone is welcome to access Wikileaks and see : 
“The best way to help Israel deal with Iran’s growing nuclear capability is to help the people of Syria overthrow the regime of Bashar Assad.” 
Finally, every American now can snoop into the elitist thinking, to see how camel dung is made, processed, and fed to American liberal buffoons who hate America’s Christianity. Today is the day (just days before the election), we can remind you that ‘we told you so’. 
In an email sent by Sidney Blumenthal to Hilary Clinton suggesting that Iran would lose “its only ally” in the Middle East if the Syrian regime collapses. Our snooping into Hillary’s emails allows us to look into the Israeli political debate in 2012, where the decisions made caused an outcome making Iran stronger than ever. And despite the disastrous Syrian civil war with hundreds of thousands dead and millions displaced, Clinton still clung to the formula like Hitler clung to the trains, opting to transfer Jews to the crematoria than reverse course to save his nation. Likewise, Hillary continues on the destructive path. The email on 11/30/2015 reveals everything we need to know about Hillary and her gang’s mindset. 
And when it comes to Syria’s revolution sparked by the Free Syrian Army who were truly nothing more than Muslim Brotherhood, Islamist Jihadi rebels, who wanted to establish a Sharia driven government, Hillary would obtain the analysis from her henchman and aide, Robert Russo, regarding the makeup of the rebels. And just as the typical Muslims on the streets would do, Hillary instead of relying on CIA reports, obtained Al-Jazeera’s false narrative. This even excited Hillary that the FSA “are not fighting for Islam but they are [only] inspired by it”. The subject title for Hillary would read “MUST READ ON COMPOSITION OF SYRIAN FSA”. 
The rebels in Syria were painted as ‘partial Islamists’ who do not believe in imposing Sharia law, but only used Jihad as a means of warfare against Bashar’s tyranny. 
Many times Hillary would be in hibernation mode as the gang sent her dosages of mind forming articles from Al-Jazeera clips about how the Muslim world do not really hate the U.S. and that the real problem were strictly the Arab regimes that needed uprooting. Hillary would thank them for the info: 
“Sorry I’m so far behind in responding–and thanking you–for forwarding this to us. The last month has been a whirlwind which is not likely to calm down …” 
The gang would encourage her with more flattery: 
“You of all people NEVER need to apologize. Truly can’t wait until you are out and I can work with you again on issues we both think are so important.” 
The agents were less than crystal clear about anything, blaming innocent scapegoats and creating phony alibis, while mixing truths with lies. Truths like the Bush ‘no WMD’ in Iraq, which indeed was a faulty conclusion, but that the best way to fight Al-Qaeda is to continue Bush’s scandalous legacy, to destroy Iraq while they also destroy Tunisia, Libya and Egypt too … 
So under the guise of ‘aiding Israel’ they called to ‘destroy Syria’. 
Reading these emails reveal just how ugly is the reality we live in, that the best way to remove any secular government in the Muslim world was to install an Islamist one. In an indication of her murderous and psychopathic nature, Buffoon Hillary, also wrote back in December 31, 2012, that it was the “right thing” to personally threaten Bashar Assad’s family with death. Even the New York Times revealed this and began to pick up on more: Blumenthal’s memos, often appending a note: “Useful insight” or “We should get this around asap.” In an August 2012 memo, Mr. Blumenthal described the new president of Libya, Mohamed Magariaf, as someone who would “seek a discrete relationship with Israel” and had “many common friends and associates with the leaders of Israel.” “If true, this is encouraging,” Mrs. Clinton wrote to Mr. Sullivan. “Should consider passing to Israelis.” 
Blumenthal would send emails with outlandish subject titles like “Subject: H[illary]: HIGHLY IMPORTANT! COMPREHENSIVE INTEL REPORT ON LIBYA. AND DRINK 8 GLASSES OF WATER. SID” 
Hillary responds with “I’m happy to report that”. The key bait given to Hillary to believe these reports and approve them was this style: 
“Speaking on condition of absolute secrecy, a source with access to the Office of the President stated that during late December 2012 Magariaf and Zidan agreed that they must move quickly to deal with these problematic issues before they can address their long term strategy of developing productive diplomatic and business relationships with their neighboring states in North Africa, Western Europe and the United States.” 
Blumenthal wanted business opportunities in Libya and Hillary was the key. The terminology to make Hillary believe was the use of jargon used by phony reports “confidential” “absolute secrecy” “sensitive sources” “According to a very sensitive source” and “In the opinion of this sensitive source” “Extremely sensitive sources” to even “Sources with direct access to the governments of Libya and Israel, as well as the highest levels of European governments, and Western Intelligence and security services …” 
It was all bogus, the type of charade one find in Nigerian scams or DEBKAFile reports that come from supposedly Israeli intelligence where no serious sources are given. 
Buffoon Hillary would get her intel from the conspiracy theorist, Blumenthal, who claimed that Libya’s Magariaf has plans and connections to make peace with Israel. The Buffoon had no clue, Magariaf has no links to Israel whatsoever. It was all a hoax, undue influence on a left-wing loon. 
Regarding the Egyptian revolution, the reports were void of the fact that the revolution was in reality a Muslim Brotherhood takeover. In one report Blumenthal even displays a fanciful victory against the Muslim Brotherhood by “nationalist football hooligans known as the Ultras”. 
It was as if the football hooligans represented the revolution. The key was to finagle the truth, use sophist and complicated jargon as to sound legit, and keep Hillary believing a fantasy, that Egyptians are tired of the tyranny of both, Hosni Mubarak as well as the Muslim Brotherhood, while explaining that is why they are staging a rebellion in Egypt. 
Truth is, the unrest was fomented by Washington and it was clearly a Muslim Brotherhood uprising as we have warned in the initial stages as the outcome was revealed later when it was too late. For example on the faulty labeling of terrorists as ‘moderate’, in one report to Hillary, Blumenthal writes : 
I have included below a private report from “Stratfor” that underscores that Syria is attacking the moderate wing of Hamas and the Palestinian accord. 
The simplistic labels worked. Hillary never asked is there a ‘ moderate wing of Hamas’ and a ‘ moderate wing of Al-Qaeda’ and a ‘ moderate wing of the Nazi party’? Yet nowhere in Strafor’s report does it even use such oxymoronic terms. 
And how Hillary was obtaining her influence on everything Middle East came strictly from this un-penetrable little circle. 
“The analysis on events in Egypt ring true to me” Hillary responds to one of her aide henchwomen, Anne-Marie Slaughter. The latter was acting like a college student, all excited about her dissertation as to why Egypt needs a populace control instead of the current structure, objecting why Egyptian heads of state were ‘military’ rulers and not ‘civilians’. 
Slaughter according to her bio : “From 2009–2011 she served as director of Policy Planning for the United States Department of State, the first woman to hold that position”. But when the results were disastrous since the real world at times is not explained by just bookworms, like Hillary’s Benghazi fiasco, it was Mrs. Slaughter who sends Hillary the ointment, more deception that the rebels in Libya really love America: 
“To have Libyans carrying placards saying “We are sorry America; this does not represent Islam,” is exactly what we hoped for when we supported the Libyan intervention. Many Libyan bloggers/tweeters have taken the same stance. And to have elected Libyan and Tunisian governments publicly apologizing and denouncing the violence shows a very different face of Islam — the Tunisian government is a Muslim Brotherhood government …” 
In other words, the Muslim Brotherhood was tame. To Hillary and her gang, it was no longer that this cobra spawned Al-Qaeda and Hamas and even those had ‘moderates’. It was ‘the Muslim Brotherhood loves America’ and therefore, Hillary ‘loves the Brotherhood’. 
Hillary was completely brainwashed to believe Egypt’s Muslim brotherhood will revive as a non-Islamist movement or half-Islamist ‘moderate’ and will all fix itself as it shifts from being uncontrolled by the military. She responds to one release which said: 
“The last couple of weeks have seen a shift in Egyptian politics. It appeared that the Egyptian President, Mohammed Morsi, exercised his authority over the military establishment, and dismissed Field Marshal Mohammed Tantawi.” 
They just love this word ‘shift’ as if evil shifts and evolves to the better. The Muslim Brotherhood therefore played an important role in the dream world of Hillary that “military rule” is no more and now its populace rule as planed by the gang. 
“The analysis on events in Egypt ring true to me” responds Hillary. After all the intel sent to her said: 
“Hosni Mubarak, in this regard, was not a civilian authority: he was a military one, and part of the same structure, which simultaneously occupied the president’s office.” 
So when “ousting all dictators” domino effect began sparking in Tunisia, Huma would send Hillary the praise reports that now she is a prophetess: 
“It was a fallout she herself [Hillary] had warned of just two weeks earlier. In a dramatic speech in Qatar, Clinton warned Arab leaders their regimes would “sink in the sand” if they did not reform their autocratic governments and create opportunities for their young citizens. Two days after that speech, Tunisia’s President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali fled the country after he was overthrown amid massive protests. Inspired, Egyptians began similar protests. Now, the U.S. pondered the potential fall of Hosni Mubarak — a critical ally who for 30 years served as a linchpin of security in the Middle East — which would dramatically affect America’s entire policy in the region for years to come. “There were a first few moments of wonderment and then she said, ‘We have to dive in,” recalled Cheryl Mills, Clinton’s counselor and chief of staff. Bad timing for a tough test …” 
One would think that such news was a disaster, but the message from Huma was simple, it was plan in progress. In other words, thus said Hillary and the world moved. Hillary thou art Fabius and now she can nap again. 
And Muslim Brotherhood ‘populace control’ they got. And what would sound troubling to the normal mind, Huma would send a praise Hillary report . She could not even wait till she signed into Hillary’s server. She writes from state.gov to Hillary, giving her the news of the salvation caused by her messiah; riots sparking the Arab Spring starting in Egypt and spreading to Yemen, Libya, Kuwait, Pakistan, Indonesia, Malaysia, Sudan, India and Iran. To the ‘gang’ it was like watching a fireworks as Huma, the real boss behind the scene gives Hillary full credit: 
I’m giving you credit for inspiring the “peaceful” protests. 
“Peaceful” in quotes was meant to mean “nothing peaceful”. Captain chaos did the job. Even when Huma reported to Hillary “The Muslim Brotherhood, the big winner in the first election since the ousting of President Hosni Mubarak last February”, this was ‘good news’ and all Hillary did was to respond with some romance : 
Have I told you how much I miss you on these trips? Not nearly as much fun [without you]. 
Hillary wanted Huma by her bedside. Huma, of course, with flattery speaks of their adventures together: 
Oh that’s so nice to hear!! Its soo hard to not be there. I miss our many adventures. Jeff feltman is beside himself that you emailed him bday greetings….says you are “incredible“. 
From the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, to Al-Nahda’s Muslim Brotherhood success in Tunisia , Huma would send the news reports to Hillary as if it was ‘mission accomplished’. One cannot find a single line of any worry or comment resembling ‘we screwed up’. The Hillary gang would even send their boss images on how beautiful Ramadan was from images and photos on Al-Jazeera, the type of which dazzles Hillary’s imaginations. A Palestinian boy in Gaza City plays with fireworks to celebrate the beginning of Ramadan 
It was all progress as usual as if chaos was the goal. It is as if Hillary herself was Muslim or that this retard team of women thought they were about to take control of Islam to revolutionize it as Huma says ‘Yay’ when the Saudi Monarch stopped the lashing of a woman for driving. 
Evil is always tucked under the good, just as camel-dung is tucked under the non-existing snow of the desert. The outcome was that the Clinton/Obama Administration, this whole time, has been the main sponsor of the growth of terrorism in the Middle East, refugee crisis to destroy Europe, real conspiracies that caused the death of countless Assyrian, Copt, Orthodox and Catholic Christians, and all was done in the name of “protecting Israel”. 
Yet we were painted by Clinton’s media henchmen as “the conspiracy theorists”? 
US support of Huma’s family’s dream aiding Saudi Arabia, financially and logistically, backed Syrian Islamist rebels which helped lead the creation of ISIS, a policy led to a war that has dragged in Turkey, the Kurds, Russia, Iraq, Iran, our Gulf allies and too many radical terrorist organizations to count, into the apocalypse, the very quagmire we see today which will lead to World War III. 
It is perhaps an ideal time to reveal the man whom everyone thought was so conspiratorial that he was viewed as Balaam’s donkey. Yet it was this donkey, Mummer Gaddafi , who prophetically declared to the Arab Summit that after killing Saddam Hussein, he told Bashar al-Assad “you will be next”. Watch Bashar Al-Assad smile as if what this donkey said was madness: 
God can speak through a select donkey while the geniuses laughing were the real jack-asses. To Hillary, Huma and the gang, the tribal leaders are ‘out’ and the Islamist universalists are ‘in’. 
It took years before Americans woke up to the ugliest of realities, where much repentance is needed, as to what happened to people, be it Muslim or Christian. Over a quarter million butchered. Lord have mercy. Do not exclusively blame the terrorist for the ISIS attacks on U.S soil. We all reap what we sow. 
Why Israel and the U.S. want the Arab tribal leaders removed is simple to explain. It was either that the Russian influence is weakened or creating chaotic Islamist regimes will finally unite Russia, Europe and the U.S. to unify against the Islamist savage. But this thinking disregards that creating such a Muslim beast brings utter destruction to the Christians and all secular pro-west Muslims living under the devil’s rule as we see Turkey’s call to be the peace-keepers of Iraq and Syria, in fact, the whole of the Muslim world. 
With Hillary, the gang conspired to subvert the power of the office of Secretary of State to violate UN Charter, International Law and U.S. law committing treason and committing war crimes. 
And while claiming ‘love for Israel’ or we ‘did this for Israel’ reality was much different. The gang were acting more like a Muslim Student Union at a college campus. They were feeding Hillary all sorts of mad ideas to raise monies for “Palestine” while shaming Israel . Hillary would even respond with: “I am very interested”. Her aide Marie Slaughter dreamt this fanciful idea to have Hillary influence billionaires donate for Palestine: 
“This may be a crazy idea, but as far as we can tell we need ideas. Suppose we launched a “Pledge for Palestine” campaign that copies Warren Buffet’s “The Giving Pledge” campaign, described below — he’s trying to get 40 billionaires to give away most of their money. I had asked some S/P folks to think about how we might take that campaign global to help change the attitudes of elites in places like Pakistan and Latin America, but perhaps Warren Buffet could be convinced to lend his name — or perhaps Michael Bloomberg or Danny Abraham (together with a very wealthy Muslim) – to a similar Pledge for Palestine campaign. Such a campaign among billionaires/multi-millionaires around the world would reflect a strong vote of confidence in the building of a Palestinian state and could offset the ending of the moratorium for Palestinians (there would also be a certain shaming effect re Israelis, who would be building settlements in the face of a pledge for peace). With even 30 calls to the right people in the Clinton fundraising network it should be possible to generate a substantial enough amount quickly enough to capture the public imagination on the heels of the President’s speech and, critically, to serve as an expression of global solidarity with the Palestinians“ 
How these women expected 40 billionaires to give up “most of their money” and wealth in a fundraiser for Palestine is the type of dreams one finds in a fantasy book. Did this gang of women think they are in the era of one thousand and one nights copulating with some Caliph to persuade him to pay all of his kingdom? 
From Egypt, to the Freedom Flotilla in Gaza, Hillary was interested responding with “please print” “print” print” and “print”. 
Print what? How “this [Turkish supported Flotilla to Gaza] is movement that is going to grow and grow and that is going to be impossible to stop”. A revolution into the heart of Israel coming from the sea from all over the Muslim world was the gang’s solution to the Israeli-Palestinian problem. 
How is that good for Israel? So in the name of ‘aiding Israel’ they ‘destroyed the Arabs’ and in the name of ‘aiding Israel’ they were ‘destroying Israel’. 
And when in 2009, the Muslim Rashad Hussain, was named deputy associate counsel to President Barack Obama, he tried to break protocol writing Huma directly: “Hope you are doing well. I’m looking forward to getting started as soon as possible”. Huma then writes to Cheryl Mill knowing that Cheryl was on vacation to deal with this “I Don’t want to bother you on vacation but see below”. Denis McDonough who was copied answers: “Weird. I will take care of this”. 
Rashad Hussein was not careful and stealth enough to enter the inner circle to promote the OIC (Organization of Islamic Conference), which is also Huma’s mother’s aspiration to join forces of the Muslim Brotherhood. He was appointed by the government and made comments to the Musim Student Association in 2004 supporting the convicted terrorist fundraiser Sami al-Arian. A direct contact with Rashad who was toxic could compromise everything. 
Yet Hillary still consulted Rashad via Jacob Sullivan. Rashad was not told that it was Hillary who wanted the advise. She had asked “ Does he [Rashad] have any suggestions as to how we handle the Ulema?” 
Ulema is Arabic for Muslim scholars . Rashad did not even know the advice went to Hillary who wanted an education on how to handle the Quran when meeting Muslim scholars: Jake- A few points (including some background) to respond to your friend’s question– Muslims believe that the Quran is the direct word of God and the final revelation that was sent to correct human changes that were made to the messages sent to previous prophets (Abraham, Moses, Jesus, etc.). They believe that the message sent to these previous prophets [Judaism, Christianity] was essentially Islam, but was changed [by Jews and Christians] because the texts (Bible, Torah, etc.) were not preserved… certain rules of etiquette have developed for handling the Quran: … one should keep the Quran above the waist when handling it and should keep it only in clean places (definitely never in a bathroom) … many scholars would say that unless non-Muslims are handling it for educational purposes, they should avoid handling it all together. In terms of disposing of old Qurans or other documents with God’s name, your friend is right … Muslims guard vigilantly against the deification of any person, including the Prophet Muhammad, because they fear that people will begin to worship him (as Christians began to worship Jesus … there have been so many recent instances of desecration in the news that people are not as shocked as they used to be to hear these types stories (Terry Jones, Gitmo toilet story, urination on corpses story) … That said, Muslims all over the world are definitely saddened/upset by the news, but for the most part, they understand that the Quran itself teaches that violence is not the answer. Rashad 
So Hillary was getting her Islamic education via Rashad Hussain. Hillary knew that claiming the Son of God and that Jesus is God was an insult to Muslims. 
Hillary’s chief of staff and counsel Cheryl Mills, during the time Michelle Bachman began to disclose our findings on Huma’s entanglements with Islamists, Abedin and family sent Hillary the media’s praise report of Huma: 
“There’s John McCain, Lindsey Graham and Ed Rollins, Republicans who leapt to the defense of Hillary Clinton’s top State Department confidante when Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.) suggested that she just might be a traitor. There’s a Facebook group of folks who “stand with Huma.” (PHOTOS: Huma Abedin) And there are countless women and men around the country who thought she handled her husband Anthony Weiner’s Twitter malfunction with all the grace and elegance that he lacked. Abedin’s finding out an enduring truth of Washington politics: Yesterday’s victim is tomorrow’s hero.” 
But now things are different. The Muslim Brotherhood spy, Huma Abedin, by withholding evidence during her FBI interview having a home computer, then lying that she did and after showing that there were over 650,000 emails (these are ‘state.gov and HRC emails’) sent to her husband from that computer, Huma Abedin just cancelled her immunity deal. Now after examining some of the other leaked emails, this Muslim Brotherhood snitch, would either have to spill the beans on Hillary or face jail. 
For years they said we were ‘mad’ for exposing Huma, but finally the snow melted and this Hijabless camel is revealing all the dung that was hidden beneath the imaginary snow. 
O how the tables turn, “tomorrow’s hero” will become Hillary’s scapegoat and tomorrow’s re-discovered Muslim Brotherhood “spy”. To understand all this, read the most extensive research we did on the topic which leaves no question to Huma’s family ties, not just to the Brotherhood, but to the Islamic revolution worldwide: 
Nice to have made your acquaintance Jezebel Clinton. Hope you end up in prison with your Muslim aide, PUN intended. Enjoy my report when you get it referring to me as “shock jock” and “right wing nut”. 
Article reposted with permission from Shoebat.com Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . ",0
8718,The Hunger in Our Heads - The New York Times,"A busy brain can mean a hungry body. We often seek food after focused mental activity, like preparing for an exam or poring over spreadsheets. Researchers speculate that heavy bouts of thinking drain energy from the brain, whose capacity to store fuel is very limited. So the brain, sensing that it may soon require more calories to keep going, apparently stimulates bodily hunger, and even though there has been little in the way of physical movement or caloric expenditure, we eat. This process may partly account for the weight gain so commonly seen in college students. Scientists at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and another institution recently experimented with exercise to counter such   study food binges. Gary Hunter, an exercise physiologist at U. A. B. oversaw the study, which was published this month in the journal Medicine  Science in Sports  Exercise. Hunter notes that strenuous activity both increases the amount of blood sugar and lactate  —   a byproduct of intense muscle contractions  —   circulating in the blood and augments blood flow to the head. Because the brain uses sugar and lactate as fuel, researchers wondered if the increased flow of   blood during exercise could feed an exhausted brain and reduce the urge to overeat.   eight healthy college students were invited to U. A. B. ’s exercise lab to determine their fitness and metabolic rates  —   and to report what their favorite pizza was. Afterward, they sat quietly for 35 minutes before being given as much of their favorite pizza as they wanted, which established a baseline measure of   indulgence. At a later date, the volunteers returned and spent 20 minutes tackling selections from college and   school entrance exams. Hunter says this work has been used in other studies “to induce mental fatigue and hunger. ” Next, half the students sat quietly for 15 minutes, before being given pizza. The rest of the volunteers spent those 15 minutes doing intervals on a treadmill: two minutes of hard running followed by about one minute of walking, repeated five times. This is the sort of brief but intensive routine, Hunter says, that should prompt the release of sugar and lactate into the bloodstream. These students were then allowed to gorge on pizza, too. But by and large, they did not overeat. In fact, the researchers calculated that the exercisers consumed about 25 fewer calories than they did during their baseline session. The nonexercisers, however, consumed about 100 calories more. When the researchers factored in the calories expended on running, they determined that those students actually consumed 200 fewer total calories after their brain workouts than the resting students. The study has limitations, of course. “We only looked at lunch,” Hunter says the researchers do not know if the runners consumed extra calories at dinner. They also cannot tell whether other types of exercise would have the same effect as running, although Hunter says they suspect that if an activity causes someone to break into a sweat, it should also increase blood sugar and lactate, feeding the brain and weakening hunger’s call.",0
8719,Re: How Many People Will Have To Migrate Out Of California When All The Water Disappears?,"How Many People Will Have To Migrate Out Of California When All The Water Disappears?   April 2nd, 2015 
The drought in California is getting a lot worse. As you read this, snowpack levels in the Sierra Nevada mountains are the lowest that have ever been recorded . That means that there won’t be much water for California farmers and California cities once again this year. To make up the difference in recent years, water has been pumped out of the ground like crazy. In fact, California has been losing more than 12 million acre-feet of groundwater a year since 2011, and wells all over the state are going dry. Once the groundwater is all gone, what are people going to do? 100 years ago, the population of the state of California was 3 million, and during the 20th century we built lots of beautiful new cities in an area that was previously a desert. Scientists tell us that the 20th century was the wettest century in 1000 years for that area of the country, but now weather patterns are reverting back to normal. Today, the state of California is turning back into a desert but it now has a population of 38 million people. This is not sustainable in the long-term. So when the water runs out, where are they going to go? 
I have written quite a few articles about the horrific drought in California, but conditions just continue to get even worse. According to NPR, snowpack levels in the Sierra Nevada mountains are “just 6 percent of the long-term average” … 
The water outlook in drought-racked California just got a lot worse: Snowpack levels across the entire Sierra Nevada are now the lowest in recorded history — just 6 percent of the long-term average. That shatters the previous low record on this date of 25 percent, set in 1977 and again last year. 
California farmers rely on that water. Last year, farmers had to let hundreds of thousands of acres lie fallow because of the scarcity of water, and it is being projected that this year will be even worse … 
More than 400,000 acres of farmland were fallowed last year because of scarce water. Credible sources have estimated that figure could double this year. 
Fortunately, many farmers have been able to rely on groundwater in recent years, but now wells are running dry all over the state. Here is more from NPR … 
Last year was already a tough year at La Jolla Farming in Delano, Calif. Or as farm manager Jerry Schlitz puts it, “Last year was damn near a disaster.” 
La Jolla is a vineyard, a thousand-or-so acres of neat lines of grapevines in the southern end of the San Joaquin Valley. It depends on water from two sources: the federal Central Valley Project and wells. 
Until last year, Schlitz says, wells were used to supplement the federal water. 
“Now, we have nothing but wells. Nothing. There’s no water other than what’s coming out of the ground,” he says. 
Last year, one of those wells at La Jolla dried up. The farm lost 160 acres — about a million dollars’ worth of produce, plus the wasted labor and other resources. 
Are you starting to understand the scope of the problem? 
Despite all of the wonderful technology that we have developed, we are still at the mercy of the weather. 
And if this drought continues to drag on, it is absolutely going to cripple a state that contains more than 10 percent of the total U.S. population. 
In an attempt to fight the water shortage, Governor Jerry Brown has instituted statewide water restrictions for the first time ever … 
California announced sweeping statewide water restrictions for the first time in history Wednesday in order to combat the region’s devastating drought, the worst since records began. 
Governor Jerry Brown issued the declaration at a press conference in a parched, brown slope of the Sierra Nevada mountains that would normally be covered by deep snow. 
“Today, we are standing on dry grass where there should be five feet (1.5 meters) of snow,” Brown said. “This historic drought demands unprecedented action.” 
So what will these restrictions include? 
The following is a summary from Natural News … 
• A ban on non-drip irrigation systems for all new homes. 
• A requirement for golf courses and cemeteries to “reduce water consumption.” (And yet, the very idea of green golf courses in the middle of a California desert is insane to begin with…) 
• Force farmers to report more details on their water usage so that the state government can figure out where all the water is going (and where to restrict it even further). 
• Outlawing the watering of grass on public street medians. 
• Discussions are also under way to throw “water wasters” in jail for up to 30 days, according to another LA Times article . The most likely source of intel for incarcerating water wasters will be neighborhood snitches who monitor water usage of nearby homes and call the authorities if they see too much water being used. 
If the drought does not go on for much longer, these restrictions may be enough. 
But what if it continues to intensify? 
The following graphic shows the U.S. Drought Monitor map for the state of California for each of the last five years in late March… 
It doesn’t take a genius to see the trend. 
And scientists tell us that this might just be the beginning. There have been megadroughts in that area of the country that have lasted more than 100 years in the past, and there are fears that another megadrought may have begun. The following comes from National Geographic … 
California is experiencing its worst drought since record-keeping began in the mid 19th century, and scientists say this may be just the beginning. B. Lynn Ingram , a paleoclimatologist at the University of California at Berkeley, thinks that California needs to brace itself for a megadrought—one that could last for 200 years or more. 
As a paleoclimatologist, Ingram takes the long view, examining tree rings and microorganisms in ocean sediment to identify temperatures and dry periods of the past millennium. Her work suggests that droughts are nothing new to California. 
“During the medieval period, there was over a century of drought in the Southwest and California. The past repeats itself,” says Ingram, who is co-author of The West Without Water: What Past Floods, Droughts, and Other Climate Clues Tell Us About Tomorrow . Indeed, Ingram believes the 20th century may have been a wet anomaly. 
If this is a megadrought, it is just a matter of time until massive migration will become necessary. 
In fact, one UN official is already talking about it … 
If the state continues on this path, there may have to be thoughts about moving people out, said Lynn Wilson, academic chair at Kaplan University and who serves on the climate change delegation in the United Nations. 
“Civilizations in the past have had to migrate out of areas of drought,” Wilson said. “We may have to migrate people out of California.” 
Wilson added that before that would happen, every option such as importing water to the state would likely occur— but “migration can’t be taken off the table.” 
So how many people will ultimately have to leave if this drought continues for many years? 
5 million? 
And where will they go? 
Please feel free to share what you think by posting a comment below… If Anyone Doubts That We Are In A Stock Market Bubble, Show Them This Article » Eric Rasbold 
It is as bad as they say. I am lucky enough to live in the forested Eden of the Sierra Nevada mountain range, just a bit south west of Tahoe. We have water. We are one of four purveyors of water in El Dorado County. We are okay as far as water goes, but the rest of the state is in great danger. We are mostly worried about fire. Last year, we had two major fires: The Sand Fire almost took my home from the south, the King Fire (the largest ever) almost burnt us down from the north. I think dead center is next. Rough winds and crappy seas doth follow. 
Good Luck and May Your Dow Never Jones. David Almanza 
All I see day after day and night after night here in Kansas is a sky full of toxic spray that resemble cobwebs . I guess the thing has to eat itself and lay waste to nature in the process . No one can own the Earth and Sky ,,,have faith in Nature within Us and Nature outside of Us and protect it as much as we can. It is all We have . Erik Bergum 
The state of California desperately needs the rain of course MIchael in Chicago 
The entire state needs rain just about everyday for several years to start to catch up. Needs an insane amount of snow too. GSOB 
Perhaps the Lord is telling Californians to get out before His earthquake swallows them up? He is a merciful God. alan 
Hum, doesn’t sound very nice to me. H8Religion 
He is a merciful God Like he has mercy on his Child Raping Priests!!!! JI 
Yes, homosexuals/pedophiles infiltrated the church and the church failed to excommunicate them. For that, the church is indeed being punishes. If you are a victim, and you sound like one, seek counseling and help. MIchael in Chicago 
Much like the US economy everyone seems to have this false hope things will eventually get better. Water restrictions and importing more water are not all that different from QE. Seems like everything is an illusion these days. Bill 
In the old days if you wanted to seek your fortune you would hear,”go West young man, go West.” Now days those who live in the West are told ” go East if you want to survive.” 
No matter where Californians go it will put tremendous pressure on the infrastructure of other areas. Then add the demand on a decreasing food supply. The hand that fed us may not be so welcome when it looks to be fed. John 
Not to mention that many of those Californians are going to demand government assistance like they’ve had in CA wherever they settle. John 
Interesting. The Sooners migrated there in mass from Oklahoma in the 1930’s. Now their great grandchildren may migrate the other way. Also, it wouldn’t be the first time a civilization collapsed in that area of the country. Take the Anasazi Indian civilization for example. XSANDIEGOCA 
Excellent point. SunnyFlaSnotress 
You’re comparing a rustic civilization to a far more progressive civilization. Migration is the probability. Only massive destruction in the form of land upheaval would cause collapse. John 
The Anasazi also likely moved elsewhere when their society could no longer be supported by the local environment/climate. Anyway, they apparently abandoned their dwellings in northern AZ for unknown reasons. Severe drought is one possibility. The Clovis people were an even earlier people group in the SW USA whose society appeared to vanish too. Mexifornia Taxpayer 
The Grapes of Wrath (in reverse) Marine68 
The UNs Agenda 21 requires the concentration of Population into large urban centers. They hope that the people on top of each will kill themselves off by disease, addiction, and murder. Shutting off access to open lands and suburbs is the Master plan to do this. pmagn 
but what about Agenda 99… the control of all by the 1%? Jessy S. 
But this isn’t Agenda 21 doing this. If we are in for another 100 year mega drought, this will be the work of nature instead of man. Tatiana Covington 
Desalination and fusion power. Graphene sieves and waterchips. Use science and engineering. Those are all we have. T. 
No. That’s what Got them in the mess they are in. Tatiana Covington 
You couldn’t be more wrong. Ray 
Desal solves the problem for the upper 5-10%. The rich have had water shipped in by truck for years already. No sweat off their backs. Malcolm Reynolds 
The rich have had water shipped in by truck for years already What on Earth are you talking about? Ray 
These days, tankers can be seen barreling down Montecito’s narrow country roads day and night, ferrying up to 5,000 gallons of H20 to some of the world’s richest and thirstiest folks. 
Fusion power? Right. We’d be better off trying to harness the power of politicians hot air. JB 
I agree…. cold fusion is the future and it can be done. Rufus T Firefly 
Scientists estimate we are 40-50 years away from cold fusion. And you can be sure the enviro-whackos will oppose it when it happens. They fear mankind having energy and want to eliminate people, except themselves Priszilla 
Then let’s just wait 50 years and everything will be fine. John Higson 
Not cold fusion,hot fusion.And it would be a nightmare,because with free energy the planet is flocked.100 degrees at the surface in 200 years,that’s the way economic growth takes us.Luckily Fusion will never happen,too many technical impossibilities. tone 
Dan Zazlavsy’s Energy Towers was proven to be the answer by a team of international scientist at least a decade ago and yet have not been brought to fruition! GSOB 
Man in the 21st Century USA 
Moments of blank misgiving in which he finds that the civilization of which he is a part, leaves a dusty taste in his mouth. 
He may be very busy with many things but he discovers one day that he’s no longer sure that they are worth doing. He has been much preoccupied but he’s no longer sure he knows why. He has become involved in an elaborate routine of pleasures and they do not seem to amuse him very much. 
He finds it hard to believe that doing any one thing is better than any other thing, or in fact is better than doing nothing at all. It occurs to him that it is a great deal of trouble to live and that even in the best of lives, the thrills are few and far between. 
He begins more or less to seek satisfaction because he is no longer satisfied and all the while he realizes that the pursuit of happiness was always a most unhappy quest. T. 
If this drought continues for many years – Then perhaps 20 to 25 million people or more would eventually have to leave California. Don’t forget all the Radiation which is hitting the Left coast from Fukushima and has already started decimating the marine life in the Pacific. Where would They go? Mostly East. Go East young man – Go East. Tom 
Instead of “Oakies”, we will have “Calies” alan 
Commies. Philip Botwinick 
It’s a game of musical chairs. Who is going to get stuck in homes that can never be sold. Priszilla 
Go North. Global Warming will melt the Arctic. Philip Botwinick 
Ah Priszilla and I had such high hopes for you. 
Go north and do what. It is clear you’ve not been practicing gardening, or permaculture the last decade. The soil up north can’t and will never have the time to evolve to the point you could plant the crops and food necessary to live as we have over the last 10,000 years. 
People think they are going to plant Banana trees in the Arctic. Ain’t gonna happen. Priszilla 
You need compost. My dad used manure in the garden. We didn’t grow bananas. But peaches tomatoes, apples, pears, beans, cucumber and other veggies. Priszilla 
That go north was more sarcasm to those who think global warming is good. I prefer planting trees. For shade, wind break, fruits, flowers. Deciduous trees that shed their leaves and give those nutrients to the soil. GSOB 
Many people would have no choice but to endure and ration to the max. A new show, urban homesteading pending I’m sure. Sad thing, only a certain amount, if any, of the rain God sends to the just and the unjust is ‘authorized’ by the usurper for you collect of the rain God sends. 
Such a display of impudent audacity, but they report of no other way. In subtle rebellion, our news casters and meteorologists have the platform to conform our thinking to suggest without a doubt, that ‘Mother Nature’ needs to send us more moisture. 
On the other hand, TBTB increase cost no one really wants but because of getting boxed in they have to, so they say. Someone here suggested that the usurper will tax the air next. Someone else suggested that it will get so bad that the great usurper will usurp everything with such attractive and wonderful propositions, you’d wouldn’t want to resist, so add your name to the measures provided by our bureaucrat workers that use the MSM to appeal to the collective that together “We are the World”. Take the autonomous stand with us! 
They’ll raise the costs to conserve what little there is that remains. Those who can afford the expense of picking up to relocate where water is plentiful are in pursuit of simple happiness. Our welfare ‘state’ is out of control when you can not open your mouth to drink water from the Lord who created all there is. why bother 
Where could they afford to go? Most of them are one paycheck from bankruptcy. They are underwater in their loans. Their $800,000 houses will be worthless and abandoned, and they have no savings. There are no jobs for them outside California. They have no manual labor skills and they have kids to feed. They would not last a week outside California before they start stealing food and property of those in other states. Philip Botwinick 
You get it. T. 
I agree. In all honesty there will be No “Go East”. Most will go to their Grave. Jordan Helwig 
We need to spend our money domestic problems like these. Not over seas wars that we have no business being involved in. GSOB 
Jesus Christ is God’s wisdom to us, both righteousness, sanctification and redemption. 
Get a hold of that! That’s like drinking from a fire hose 
WOW 
Drink the blood of Jesus and you’ll never be thirsty? 
If there is no water you can still drink Californian wine? Ray 
San Fran has the most expensive real estate for a reason. Nobody is moving from SF. Nobody there is worried about the earthquake risk or some water shortage. Money buys you lots of water. jaxon64 
Good post–you made me remember something…. In the movie “Soylent Green”, everyone remembers that it turns out the wafers were made from corpses, but that movie had several other-almost prophetic now- things that were creepy. One was the euthanasia centers where people who reached older age, even though healthy, would be asked to go to termination centers and be euthanized for the greater good and population control…. Another one, was that things like strawberries, wine, real food and HOT SHOWERS WITH WATER–were still available, but only for the wealthy. Apartments could be rented with all of the amenities ( including house girls who catered to all needs of the wealthy businessmen.) All of those old, apocalypse movies are a little creepy now–Omega Man with the global virus….Planet of The Apes with the transhumanism we are seeing experimented with…….Terminator with all of the advances in robotics and AI thinking machines…..very interesting times we live in. I fear for my grandchildren….. Ferris 
Jaxon64, I think you have just connected the dots. Bingo ! 
Now those in the inland empire and majorly hosed. Nonanon25 
You mean, Las Vegas? Yup! K 
From what I hear the middle class Californians are already resettling in Texas. I would expect the rich to head for Florida. It will sure hurt the retirees. Such an influx, will drive prices out of sight. Don’t Want ‘Em 
Good. Keep their libtard ideas out of Tennessee. Paul 
“The most likely source of intel for incarcerating water wasters will be neighborhood snitches who monitor water usage of nearby homes and call the authorities if they see too much water being used” Glad I don’t live in California. If someone held a grudge against me or did not agree with my political views they could say I was using too much water. Even if I was innocent, it would be very difficult to deal with the authorities. Yawn 
late at night water their yard and call on them.toss some high nit fert and ironite. the greenness will be a dead give away.hehehehehehhe evoval 
What the snitches claim has to jive with the meter. pmagn 
where do you live? Chances are your going to have issues with #climate too… John 
All they would have to do is go to your house late at night, run a hose from your spigot to a sprinkler in your front yard and turn it on. You’d be in jail before breakfast… Philip Botwinick 
Yeah, because you think, ‘Oh those poor people in CA.” that’s not going to happen to me. 
Reminds me of the saying “they came for the Jews, they came for the Communists, etc., etc.” and then they came for me and there was no one there to stand with me. 
Oh, wait. A rise in temperature from 2 – 16 degree F is looking more likely by 2050. So where are you going? Oh, yeah your are a friend of Richard Branson and have your ticket for that colony on Mars. 
LOL> Illegal 
The water restrictions are almost laughable.It would seem if there is a true emergency then all non essential uses of water would be banned.Throw someone in jail is the police state answer to every problem, How is every other country that is mostly desert surviving? This mess was created by the elites and ruling class in Sacramento and Washington. 
My advice to the gental folk of California – leave now and avoid the line-ups at the FEMA camp. alan 
North Korea sounds like a good place for them. Communist utopia, lots of taxes, State telling you how to breath, they’ll be in heaven. libsarescum 
And NK is a gun free zone. Liberals should be in heaven there. Priszilla 
They sing the hymn there too every morning, and they have to swear allegiance in every free minute. Philip Botwinick 
Sorry Sean, but those FEMA camps (if they actually come into existence) will be all over the country. 
It appears, that most, but especially those still with Internet connections seem unable to fathom that Climate Change is all over the planet. It knows no boundaries. 
Where ever those people leaving CA go will not be far behind in looking like Sao Paulo and Detroit in the next few years. 
Do not. I repeat do not even feed into the illusion that we’ll find free energy, or solar and wind will come along. That’s a Hollywood delusion. If energy were really free than no corporation would be able to lock up the rights to it in a vault. Read “Green Illusions” by Ozzie Zehner. sean carter 
Agree with everything you said. I live in Alberta and the common mythology is we’ll dig up tarsands forever. Not gonna happen. Once once the cheap energy run out our society will be sliding back towards something resembling the mid-1800’s ranging/farming dominated lifestyles. 
And I’m fine with that. Ray 
“Look, Israel was a bona fide desert,” argues Hazard, who has been pushing for desalination. “Now they run the whole country on four desal plants.” egore 
The really bad part is all those liberals gushing out of the state into the rest of the US like diarrhea. Buckle Up! Ted Kennedy 
Hopefully they’ll migrate into Mexico. Will Mexico accept our liberal refugees? Richard O. Mann 
Mexico does not want them. They are too busy trying to export their population to the US. Mexifornia Taxpayer 
How about they learn some birth control! SunnyFlaSnotress 
You’re right. If we keep a strong dollar and water prices are elevated, more companies will migrate south and many of California’s immigrants, which number somewhere around 10 million, will likely follow Mexico’s new prosperity. Priszilla 
It’s not just California where there is a problem with water usage. 
Since 1950, agricultural irrigation has reduced the saturated volume of the Ogallala aquifer by an estimated 9%. Depletion is accelerating, with 2% lost between 2001 and 2009 alone. Once depleted, the aquifer will take over 6,000 years to replenish naturally through rainfall. 
In the United States, the biggest users of water from aquifers include agricultural irrigation and oil and coal extraction. 
The United States Geological Survey determined the water level in the aquifer has dropped more in Texas than in any other state in the basin. 
Wasting natural resources is an American problem. Ken Swan 
yeah those inland cities with millions of people using the ground water has nothing to do with it does it? California created this problem (NOT nature) by demanding that 90% of the states water be pumped to LA for use there, so what did they think was going to happen? Priszilla Liberty First 
Just do not come to Texas. PLEASE! 
I do not feel very sorry for California, in truth. They have fought desalinization projects like bats out of hell. And converted sea water could make a massive difference in stemming this drought. Environmental concerns, they say. Oh well. Irresponsible people tend to reap negative results. Mike 
I already applied to three jobs in Texas, haha! Maybe I’ll be your neighbor. Liberty First 
Well unlike in CA we are friendly to almost anyone down here. Mike 
Desalinization won’t work anyway. It doesn’t remove 100% of the salt and in a desert region like cal it would evaporate too quickly depositing the trace amounts of salt in the soil rendering it unsuitable. Liberty First 
Orange County has desal. It works just fine. Don’t Want ’em here 
I feel sorry for you if you get an influx of those lunatics! Kurt 
They can just give the State back to Mexico, let them worry about it. Lol VegasBob 
To be fair, about 3/4 of California water usage is for agriculture. Without adequate water, I would look for steep increases in the price of fruits and vegetables and depopulation of agricultural areas. Maybe persistent drought will finally stem some of the mass migration from South of the Border into the US. 
As for the leftists, they can stay in the Bay Area. They’re probably not going to be forced out. AntonioOssa 
CALIFORNIA NEEDS TO PUT A STOP TO AGRICULTURE IMMIDIATELY! Mike 
People and animals need to eat drama queen. nobody 
If only we could import food from other places… mar1950 
Does anyone know what % of the economy (GDP) comes from California? I seem to recall that if Cal. were a nation it would be the 6th largest economy in the world. If it did dry up and no one could live there, what would it do to the nation as a whole? 
I would like to see the governor call the state to pray for rain (and snow in the mountains) but then the Bible declares: “He (man, state, or nation) that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination.” (Proverbs 28:9) 
Calling on God to intervene while the abortion mills are still doing business, we are busy passing gay “marriage” laws, and have a brutal militaristic foreign policy that spreads death and destruction around the world we would only be mocking God and adding abomination on top of abomination. XSANDIEGOCA 
Some 90% of the winter vegetables consumed in the US comes from California. We are now talking foodstuffs. Costs will skyrocket. Gay Veteran 
don’t like “gay marriage”? then don’t marry someone of the same gender GSOB 
Man proposes, but God disposes. Proverbs 19:21 
yet more parroting of bible verses. 
Polly want another cracker? Malcolm Reynolds 
Just remind him he thinks the Puritans founded America on burning witches when he gets really irritating. Ron Gilbert 
That’s rich. Don’t like someone opposing gay marriage? Then don’t try to force them to accept it as normal behavior. Or, even better, don’t try forcing them to participate in your immoral festivities by having them bake a wedding cake or cater it. Go to a business that supports immorality. Gay Veteran 
who knew baking a cake was a religious activity! bet you wish businesses didn’t have to serve them darkies, or them Jews, or Catholics, or Muslims Ron Gilbert 
LOL! Who knew your rights super ceded the right of someone refusing to participate in your immoral activities? You demanding that people serve you goes back to slavery. Do you think slaves really wanted to serve a master that made them do things against their will? Way to put people back under the thumb of totalitarian rule all so you can have a happy gay wedding. Your immoral behavior does not even begin to compare with blacks being enslaved, one who makes victims of everyone. Gay Veteran 
“LOL! Who knew your rights super ceded the right of someone refusing to participate in your immoral activities?….” 
not that long ago, 1967 in fact, many states had laws banning interracial marriage and your religious bakers could refuse service to those interracial couples. 
“…You demanding that people serve you goes back to slavery. Do you think slaves really wanted to serve a master that made them do things against their will?….” 
who knew bakers worked for free! 
“…Your immoral behavior does not even begin to compare with blacks being enslaved, one who makes victims of everyone.” 
you’re partly right about comparing slavery with the treatment of Gays, although in the past Gays have been beaten and murdered in this country with impunity (just like your good old Jim Crow days). And let’s not forget the slaughter of Gays in the concentration camps by those who also thought they were “exceptional” Ron Gilbert 
Sorry pal… cannot claim the race card here. Not even close to the same thing. Homosexuality is not a race nor is there a gay gene. You are a group of people, and a very small percentage at that, who engage in an immoral activity and spew nothing but hatred and revenge to those that stand against this unGodly activity. Sorry that your “people” were slaughtered by whomever did this to them (not me, did not have anything to do with it so stop blaming everyone for it), but that changes nothing as to what you are doing. 
God was quite clear when he said he hates the workers of iniquity. Do you know who those are? They include those that would pervert his words and then push a belief that something he says is wrong is not wrong and that he never said it. 
And one more thing, you should really invest in some history reading. Your attributing of Jim Crow laws to my beliefs is completely uneducated (retarded comes to mind but with your sensitivities to PC, I didn’t say that…). As soon as you can, please look up who endorsed, promoted and pushed for Jim Crow laws and fought against their repeal. Then after that, really check into whether or not the Dixie Crats of the South actually became Republicans (cause that’s where I see this going next – and then after that…. more Leftist talking points with absolutely no substance). Please stop twisting things to support your hatred and stereotypes and I will at least try not to stereotype you. Gay Veteran 
“…You cannot claim the race card here. Not even close to the same thing. Homosexuality is not a race nor is there a gay gene…..” 
oh yes, that tired argument. You know what else is not a race or involves a gene? Catholics, Baptists, Lutherans, etc. ALL of whom are protected by anti-discrimination laws. 
“…You are a group of people, and a very small percentage at that, who engage in an immoral activity and spew nothing but hatred and revenge to those that stand against this unGodly activity….” 
You know who else is a small percentage? Jews, and they are protected by anti-discrimination laws. 
And immoral? you can go F yourself with a rusty chainsaw because I don’t take lectures on morality from smug self-righteous Pharisees like YOU. 
“…Sorry that your “people” were slaughtered by whomever did this to them (not me, did not have anything to do with it so stop blaming every heterosexual for it), but that changes nothing as to what you are doing….” 
What we are “doing” is fighting for legal equality. 
“…God was quite clear when he said he hates the workers of iniquity. Do you know who those are? They include those that would pervert his words and then push a belief that something he says is wrong is not wrong and that he never said it….” 
h , would that be the same “god” in the Bible who couldn’t flat out condemn slavery? 
“…And one more thing, you should really invest in some history reading. Your attributing of Jim Crow laws to my beliefs is completely uneducated (retarded comes to mind but with your sensitivities to PC, I didn’t say that…)….” 
hey Einstein, slavery AND Jim Crow laws were supported by people who used the BIBLE to justify their actions. 
sorry if that hurts your sensitivities 
“…As soon as you can, please look up who endorsed, promoted and pushed for Jim Crow laws and fought against their repeal. Then after that, really check into whether or not the Dixie Crats of the South actually became Republicans (cause that’s where I see this going next – and then after that…. more Leftist talking points with absolutely no substance)….” 
see above, it was YOU Christians that “endorsed, promoted and pushed for Jim Crow laws” and I love how you historical revisionists try to deny that racist southern democrats became racist southern republicans, like the GOP’s southern strategy never happend 
“…Please stop twisting things to support your hatred and stereotypes and I will at least try not to stereotype you.” WOW, such projection, such massive hypocracy coming from a “Christian” who supposedly believes in the Golden Rule. now don’t you have a street corner to pray loudly at? Ron Gilbert 
“And immoral? you can go F yourself with a rusty chainsaw because I don’t take lectures on morality from smug self-righteous Pharisees like YOU.” 
And the hypocrisy continues. It’s wrong for me to dictate morals but not wrong for you to tell me to go… f myself. Also, I don’t pray in public. If you knew anything about God, you would know that those doing so are not praying to him, they are praying for praise from others. 
“WOW, such projection, such massive hypocracy coming from a “Christian” who supposedly believes in the Golden Rule.” The Golden Rule is applied when you tell someone that they are doing something wrong. It is done so that they can better themselves by stopping their behavior. Kind of like waking your neighbor from a deep sleep while his house burns. Smugness never entered my mind but it sure did show from your tirade. My ending statement is rescinded. I will continue to believe that you are a willing participant in evil. Gay Veteran 
“And the hypocrisy continues. It’s wrong for me to dictate morals but not wrong for you to tell me to go… f myself….” 
hey junior, it’s wrong for you to dictate morals for OTHER people, which is precisely why I told you to go F yourself you smug self-righteous theocrat. 
“…Also, I don’t pray in public. If you knew anything about God, you would know that those doing so are not praying to him, they are praying for praise from others…..” 
if the shoe fits………… 
“…The Golden Rule is applied when you tell someone that they are doing something wrong. It is done so that they can better themselves by stopping their behavior. Kind of like waking your neighbor from a deep sleep while his house burns….” 
because YOUR interpretation of the bible is the ONLY valid one, not like there are tons of Christians who disagree with you. 
“…I will continue to believe that you are a willing participant in evil….” 
that is your opinion, and opinions are like a**holes, everyone has one 
“…Please, by all means, show me where God ever condoned it [slavery]. He allows it just like he allows people to sin without immediate death. He allows us to make our own decisions but when those decisions are against what he tells us to do, they come with consequences….” 
wow, so all those southern slaveowners weren’t quoting the Bible to justify slavery? see, there’ s that historical revisionism again 
“…speaking of revisionism…. all Dixie Crats did not become Republicans no matter how much you insist history says they did. That was a revisionism from your buddies in the DNC years ago, so that they could point their crooked little fingers at Conservatives and claim that we are the racists, much like you are doing….” yeah, the democratic party in the south just mysteriously declined after passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965. btw junior, I detest the democrats as much as the republicans, if fact more so because so many liberals are hypocrites (whereas the republicans actually believe their BS)“…According to every single bit of research done, only a handful of Dixie Crats switched over to the Republican Party while the VAST majority of them stayed in the DNC. Nice try though.” every single bit of reseach, eh? odd you didn’t provide any Ron Gilbert 
But you can dictate them to Christians? Gay Veteran 
how so? Ron Gilbert 
Really? You have to ask that after stating that Christians have no right to push their morals on you? Have you ever taken into account that when you tell someone that they have no right to tell you what to do, you are doing exactly what you are protesting? It’s just like saying “Don’t tell me what to do!”. You are telling the other person what to do. Really? And you see nothing hypocritical about that? Of course you don’t. Why would you? You see things through a clouded vision of love right? Gay Veteran 
oh I see, we gays must shut up while smug self-righteous Pharisees like you give us a lecture on “morality”. that’s what wannabe theocrats like you want 
sorry junior, but we ALL have freedom of speech. You can lecture me all you want and I can tell you to stuff it Ron Gilbert 
Oh I see… we Christians must shut up while the immoral acts of gays are being force upon the population. Sorry gay dude, but freedom of speech does not just apply to you and those that you agree with. Gay Veteran 
acts of gays being forced upon the population, eh? what, did a gay guy come up and French kiss you? you know, it sounds like you need to move to a country where there are lots of people just like you! try Saudi Arabia Ron Gilbert 
Round and round we go. Gay Veteran 
“Round and round we go” 
translation from trollspeak: I just got whipped yet again Ron Gilbert 
Round and round we go. Gay Veteran 
what an utter retard you are! 
you want to tell me what to do but I can’t say “Don’t tell me what to do!” 
you’re such a knuckle dragging mouth breather that it’s amazing you haven’t drowned in your own shower Ron Gilbert Gay Veteran 
yeah, I was speaking of you. 
btw, is that you Malcolm? because you sure write the same kind of drivel he writes Ron Gilbert 
Round and round we go… Ron Gilbert 
Round and round we go.. Gay Veteran 
“Round and round we go” 
translation from trollspeak: I just got whipped again! Ron Gilbert 
Round and round we go… Gay Veteran 
“Round and round we go” 
translation from trollspeak: I just got whipped again!! Ron Gilbert 
Round and round we go….. Gay Veteran 
god supposedly gave you a brain, try using it occasionally Ron Gilbert 
Round and round we go…. Ron Gilbert 
And facts are not what you are looking for. Revenge is…. keep up the good work for your masters. They will be your undoing in the end. Gay Veteran 
a , somebody has a problem with legal equality for minorities. so sad you can no longer discriminate against them fa** ots, ni** ers, ki kes, etc. Ron Gilbert 
You are not a race. You cannot claim that you are within the definition of minorities. Take a hike you justifier of hate. Gay Veteran 
hey Einstein, Mormons aren’t a race either but anti-discrimination laws protect them Ron Gilbert 
Then stop using examples of racial discrimination to support you being discriminated against. Gay Veteran 
oh, so you agree that Mormons aren’t a race but anti-discrimination laws protect them Ron Gilbert 
Of course, that is a religion and as do the laws protect sexual orientation in the area of employment, housing, and being served in a restaurant. But being forced to bake a cake for a gay wedding, or cater a gay wedding, is not the same as you people perpetuate it to be. You are telling people to PARTICIPATE in that activity. It does not mean you won’t be served by them in their establishment, as you tried to tie in discrimination against blacks for not being served by whites in the South. Again, and for the last time, if you don’t support traditional marriage values from Christian business owners, go somewhere else. Freedom of choice is what you Libs want, isn’t it? But no… instead of wanting equality in laws (such as the pursuit of happiness for your opposition) you believe your rights super cede the rights of others to tell you no. Totalitarianism comes to mind with the logic that you push…. but you keep up that line of reasoning as you continue to believe that I am the stupid one… round and round we go… Ron Gilbert 
Round and round we go Gay Veteran 
“Round and round we go” 
translation from trollspeak: I just got whipped again Ron Gilbert 
Round and round we go.. Gay Veteran 
god supposedly gave you a brain, try using it occasionally. Ron Gilbert 
Round and round we go… Gay Veteran 
you’re spewing yet more garbage Ron Gilbert 
Round and round we go…. Ron Gilbert 
Exactly! Undecider 
Everything is going according to plan. From the geo-engineering to Agenda 21. California will be brought to its knees. Once broken and fully under control by the New World Order, the rain will suddenly reappear. VigilanteCaregiver 
You can’t really fix up nature, only mess it up even more. Illegal 
There are people who believe Geoengineering techniques are being used to create this crisis. Least we forget we are dealing with information that is manipulated or is very one sided and incomplete.Like climate cooling/warming/change we are being feed an orthodoxy so we have our freedoms taken away. Force the small farmers out of business. Let the big ag corporations be handed the bankrupt farmers land. Poof! End of the drought. 
I think I’m glad I moved out last year! (PS: NOT liberal) Philip Botwinick 
Climate Change and probably your God doesn’t give a hoot if you are liberal or conservative. 
Nature Bat’s Last. 
Climate Change is occurring in every single corner of the planet. There is no place to run where it will not have an impact. Hart Shepherd 
But it was climate change that forced our hand at coming down out of the trees in the first place and evolving to the point that we could even be having this conversation. We were born in that briar patch. Linda Starr 
Sorry, Philip, but my comment was in part a response to egore’s comment 3 days ago: “The really bad part is all those liberals gushing out of the state into the rest of the US like diarrhea. Buckle Up!” Climate has always changed and has always had an impact…bet your God knows that, too! Captain Canuck 
Just to put this into perspective. The population of California alone is roughly the same as the entire country of Canada. We have the same problems as California as our snowpack is also dwindling rapidly. This is a continental crisis, and we are going to have to get very creative generating potable water locally, as there really is nowhere to escape to. Yawn Hugh 
Junior Canuck; Come to northern Ontario. We have had lots and lots of snow the last few years and this year I have about 3′ still remaining in our yard as I write this on Easter. Lots of cold and snow paints the picture of Northern Ontario. Just came back from 4 months in Yukon……hardly any cold and snow there this winter. Scott 
The snow pack in the James Bay area and throughout SE Canada is still over 2 feet, which produces a tremendous amount of fresh runoff water. Yermomandeye 
They should go wherever Obama goes next year. James Hammett 
hawaii and feed them to the volcanoes as human sacrifice? Matibob 
No thanks. Mike Smithy 
Build a nuclear power plant in the Mojave Desert and dedicate the power to desalinate water drawn from the Pacific. In the unlikely event of a nuclear disaster, the only creatures at risk will be scorpions and rattlesnakes. Win/Win either way. Problem solved. nobody 
Hardly, you will still have to source the uranium fuel and dispose of the waste.. And please tell me that you really don’t think that a disaster will limit itself to a very tiny region. Mike Smithy 
The USA already has a deep geological repository for nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain, Nevada. Unfortunately, President Zero closed it down in 2011 for political reasons. I.E. The environmental wacko nutjob lobby. 
Yucca mt is full. U can’t keep storing that stuff forever. Mike Smithy 
Kim, the U.S. Government spent millions of dollars constructing the Yucca Mountain containment facility. However, the facility does store any nuclear wast at the present time due to decades of legal red tape and political hurdles. That’s right, it’s a massive, yet empty man made cave. nobody 
Actually no, it has already wasted all the easily available uranium ore and what we still have costs a fortune to refine. BTW that deposit has been closed because it has been proved to be situated in an insecure location – the mountain is heavily cracked and they discovered that only halfway thru building it. ” The environmental wacko nutjob lobby”– that clearly indicates your level of intelligence so i have no hope of convincing you with reasonable fact-based arguments. Please carry on. Irma Johnson 
I live in Las Vegas and the thought of all of them coming here really is scary. We already have water problems as it is. nobody 
You are kidding, right? Because you are already living in a desert. SunnyFlaSnotress 
Oh no.. Vegas has it’s own drought happening. It’s economy is based on luxury spending which is likely going to drop. Just look at Atlantic City Casinos. We can blame neighboring state casinos for that, buy it likely isn’t the total story. Mexifornia Taxpayer 
Wait until you cannot get cheap Hydro Power from the Colorado River and then you will be thirsty and in the dark! Philip Botwinick 
you sure do and it’s going to get worse fairly rapidly. 
Where does your food come from now and what will you do when it doesn’t come? Tom 
The Grapes of Wrath Part 2?? alan 
A lot of the southern part of the state is desert, so kind of a fail on their part. But it sounds like it might be good news for the South, Florida specially. I am sure what they will do is just import everything from Mexico and let the farms die. Priszilla 
Oh well, the US has about the size of China, much more greenery but only a fourth of its population. Let China open her borders to enable the emigration of 300 million Chinese to America. Bruce David 
Decades ago many of those Californians began migrating to where I lived in AZ. They had already screwed things up with their LA smog drifting to our valley. Once transplanted they planted so much CA-style vegetation our average humidity rate raised from 6% to 26% and our realty prices skyrocketed. Then even more illegals filtered into the valley…in other words, I know where they’ll head and they’ll try to screw up AZ [they are even trying to overturn our gun laws to resemble CA style communism]. Priszilla 
The greens will create a forest garden or permaculture. They will grow trees and bushes and herbacious plants and root plants. The trees and shrubs will reduce evaporation and soil erosion by wind. The monoculture farmers will go crashing. They just need a virus to destroy what they still have left. 
Nature is showing us forever how things are done. We are just too proud to watch and listen. XSANDIEGOCA Kim 
We went up to mt hood in Oregon last Sunday to mushroom hunt. There’s no snow up there. Palmer is the only lift that’s open, as far as I’ve heard There is no snow at Mt Hood Meadows or Snoqualmie up in Washington. I saw it like this a few years ago, but never this bad. Winter skipped the northwest this year. We had, maybe, one or two days of freezing temps and that’s about it. Southern Oregon and eastern Washington is dying on the vine with California. LAWD 
Lake Powell is going down fist along with the glen canyon dam K2 
what? since when has this been happening? why bother 
I shared a shuttle bus to JWA with a group of skiers Friday morning. They obviously had skis and snowboards in the long bags. I asked them where they found snow. They said Colorado. libsarescum 
Please move to Washington or Oregon, and take your illegals with you. We don’t need Californians to ruin our the rest of the country. True Grit 
We could get rid of ten million if we just deported the illegals! SunnyFlaSnotress 
California’s immigrants number around 10 million, not its illegals. Bruce Wayne 
there will likely be plenty of more Mexican Migrants only to happy to take up residence anywhere in California SunnyFlaSnotress 
Not if the jobs tank, and water bills go up along with other basic costs of living, as would be likely in a prolonged drought scenario. 1fifty 
Yes. And the reason is that climate change models show Mexico and Central America also going thru a mega drought. True story. 
And California migrants will move where they want to, not necessarily where other people think they should move to. Also, people in the pacific nw should realize that if the mega drought really settles in, then here comes California for Columbia River water. 
Finally, it’s not just California, but New Mexico, Arizona, west Texas, and Nevada that will also have the same mega drought. And, possibly, Utah. Elmo Fudginputz 
Climate change models? Is that a type of slot machine Vegas? They aren’t worth horse poop except to insane people. Philip Botwinick 
Well Elmo, you seem to be one of those “educated” USA citizens that Morris Berman and Chris Hedges write about. 
Bet you believe that water doesn’t really boil at 212 degrees F. 
Whether you believe in Climate Change or not doesn’t matter. Climate/weather could give two craps about what or if you are even capable of thought. Your just a piece of gum stuck on the body of Nature’s foot. Squish. Squish. 
History is full of people like you and on an overpopulated planet (just try to live by putting all the world’s population in the state of Texas and then see how that works out) the reduction in the human species could only be a benefit to all other species on the planet. Elmo Fudginputz 
There is no science supporting man-made global warming. Its a delusion. That probably suggests you are also a progressive who believes in lots of other delusions. All the climate models to date have been wrong. None of them work. 10’s of thousands of scientists and engineers reject man-made global warming. In fact, during the last 15 years the Earth has been cooling – all notwithstanding your delusional addiction to fantasy and scientists having been repeatedly discovered to have adulterated data to support man-made global, for the benefit of the organizations who fund their research; making it a criminal enterprise as well . When a liberal uses the word “science” in support of an argument, its not science at all but delusion, fairy tale and fantasy. You also probably believe Obama was born in Hawaii…HaHaHa! afchief 
You are right! Global warming has nothing to do with science. It has to do with CONTROL. Controlling us!!! P’od Accountant 
just because you can’t understand or comprehend the science doesn’t mean human activity isn’t changing the earth at a global. you sound like a blind man railing against light because you can’t see it. airedale 
Human activity warming the planet makes no logical sense. Humanity is like atomic particles dancing on the shell of an egg, while the shell is like the earths crust floating on a mass of magma (the egg white) which surrounds a core of molten iron (the yolk). It is like saying your breath will warm a volcano. joe oberr 
Please prove that human activity is changing the earth (I presume you mean on a global basis). Since carbon is way less than 0.05% of greenhouse gases and is NOT a poison or pollutant but is necessary for life (human, animal and plant) how is it that climate changers somehow conclude human activity is bad for the earth and life? Water vapor constitutes 95% of greenhouse gases. There is no historical evidence indicating warming periods followed increases in co2 emissions or in the atmosphere. How do you explain “The Pause”? (The Pause is the documented fact that there has been no global warming for the past 17 years). Briarpatch 
There you go again with the water only boiling at 212 degrees F again how many times, moron are you going to use that INCORRECT statement. Go look in an eighth grade science book. joe oberr 
PB – If you and all others who share this view are logical the next step would be for you and the others to end your lives in order to benefit all the other species on the planet. But since I do not see that happening I can only conclude you are not being truthful and/or you really do not believe what you just said. Fat Hubie 
Let’s start the reduction with you… DixieAngel_76 
Good, why don’t you go first? 1fifty 
Always glad to read thoughtful, insightful responses from an intelligent commenter. pmagn 
hey your going to be a migrant soon. show some compassion. sherlock32555 
Not if we grow a set and put a stop to these idiots that put illegals first and we the people last. But what can you except from the brain washed people. It’s going tot take people that want to save us! Elmo Fudginputz 
Let’s invade Mexico and oust the rich and Catholic Church officials, and then make it into our 51st state. Let’s finish the work Zachary Taylor started. gleb glebster 
If anyone wanted Mexico, they wouldn’t be flocking here by the thousands. simoin 
Mexicans were actually in California first! but in the end no one should invade anyone. And seeking a better life is not invading. what rich catholic church officials? mexico is a poor place. And why target catholics? obviously the liberals are the ones with all the money in this country. They own the media,hollywood,government,corporations and even the main internet sites like youtube/google. But following Jesus Christ and waking people up is what matters not ousting people. And stop tearing Christians apart by attacking Catholics who are Christians. Catholic church atleast has teachings that never change unlike unfortunately many protestant churches who are siding with liberalism and evil. Christians need to stick together to make the world a more peaceful and loving place with Jesus Christ! Ron Gilbert 
“Catholic church atleast has teachings that never change” 
The Catholic Church has adopted many teachings from other religions through out history in order to make their religion more palatable. Take for example purgatory. You won’t find it in the Bible but you will find it in other religions. How about when they taught that the Earth was both flat as well as the center of the universe (Galileo was excommunicated for teaching the opposite and then was “allowed” into Heaven when the Catholic Church finally admitted their mistake – wouldn’t God know his own creation?)? I could go on with this but it would only be rubbing salt into a wound. Needless to say, the Catholic Church does not represent God, never has. Their method of salvation is one of works while God says salvation is by grace through Jesus Christ alone. We work BECAUSE of our salvation not for it. True Catholic 
“There are not a hundred people in America who hate the Catholic Church. There are millions of people who hate what they wrongly believe to be the Catholic Church.”– Bishop Fulton Sheen. Centurion53 
And look at the third world S h i t hole the Mexicans have created with their wonderful country….Round up the criminal invaders and ship them ALL back to that Hell hole!! jamessrq 
I am not going to address ‘who was first’ but I will THANK YOU for advocating Christian people not antagonize each other. VigilanteCaregiver 
WOW! Who knew obeying the law has benefits! BabylonUSA 
The Pilgrims, they came to America seeking religious freedom rather than “obeying the queen of England”… VigilanteCaregiver 
Well yeah. I was being a little sarcastic… 
At the same time, if you look at English legal tradition there’s always been a sense of the people having an established basis of liberty. Before the Roman invasion many communities elected their Chieftain for a set period of time. Before feudalism came in 1066, the English monarchy was more of an elected office with elected officers and magistrates. The Scottish Clan system was the same way. Whenever the monarch became a tyrant, the citizens usually ran him out or died trying. The idea of the Round Table came through this tradition. 
The Pilgrims (or Saints as they called themselves) were part of the Brownist Reformation movement. The King assumed Church and State powers during Henry VIII’s bloody, psychotic reign and was continuing this non-traditional practice; throughout almost all of English history the King was subject to God, not able to pretend he was the spokesman for God and could force the people to his beliefs. In this view, the King was in violation of English legal tradition. user z 
You are comparing leaving a country to entering it illegally? Have trouble with common sense much? Ed 
So immigrating to America and exterminating the indigenous Indian population was legal? user z 
Would you have preferred that the indigenous exterminated your ancestors? Another lacking common sense. What exactly do you propose against those wearing animal skins projecting arrows and hatchets at you? h ? jamessrq 
Hold up. Both of you need to realize that you are addressing two different subjects. Pilgrims did not conquer the south or the west so they had nothing to do with exterminating Indians. They enjoyed good relations with the majority of ‘locals’ they encountered. Remember Thanksgiving? 
Now, if you want to go after those who did commit the crimes you describe, make sure you do not generalize and ascribe guilt to all Anglos. Instead, state which people were responsible because not every settler was some ‘evil land grabber’. How about starting with Andrew Jackson who infamously proclaimed the only good Indian was a dead one? How about getting Barry Hussein to take Jackson off the $20 instead of Hamilton, who opposed slavery, off the $10? That would be more productive. Or, try to address James Polk who pushed ‘manifest destiny’. Stay specific and you can have a meaningful conversation. Get caught in generalities and you will only sow the seeds of insults. Get it right 
You bet, that was then this is now! Get out of my country deadbeat, get out of the USA deadbeat, stay out. puchache 
Yeah, user z. It looks like you are proving the old adage that common sense is not so common. Look who is talking. 
Where did the pilgrims obtain their immigration permits from? From the Sioux? From the Wampanoag? user z 
Common sense would indicate that there was no established law or government when the pilgrims got here. Good luck getting some common sense. puchache 
In addition to a lack of reasoning, you exemplify typical ignorance. I bet you’re the type that can’t point to where Alaska is, much less, say Chile. 
The natives had their laws, their constitutions and their civilizations. eejit. user z 
I have been around the world in Asia and Europe. Its a shame you can’t even refute the fact that your example was asinine as there was no government when the pilgrims got here. Changing the subject is a total fail. Greling Jackson 
Your “history” sounds like something a bunch of self-serving land-hungry white men dreamed up before pulling out their quill pens to write. user z 
“Of, by, and for the people” IS a VERY self-serving” phrase. It serves every self for which it was established and it’s called civilized FREEDOM. So until you can come up with your own “more perfect union” government why don’t you just shut your ignorant, history deficient pie hole or go live somewhere else where the government owns your land, tells you where you can work, and forces you to live in abject poverty, because your bedwetting here is stinking the country up. Maybe you would prefer Kenya since it wasn’t formed by white men. P’od Accountant 
then you will also have no food in addition to no water, idiot. DixieAngel_76 
Oh yeah, because people never ate until the illegals came along to ‘save us all’ from ourselves. Nicholi Hel 
In the Bay Area Alone! user z 
Yea Kalifornia, enjoy your over-populated and illegal diversity Kees Roma 
In a way, though, it’s kind of poetic justice…the illegals flood California, the U.S. Government refuses to stop them and the California government (including the Governor Brown) betray our own nation and create laws to welcome them and, in the end, they will get nothing but desert…you have to love the irony…and I kind of like the scorched earth policy…if we can’t have it, neither can they… LAWD 
Start with: If it’s yellow, let it mellow, if it’s brown flush it down. I had to pack in a bucket every drop I used growing up, and I can tell you, I respect water. That’s something California never learned. Matibob 
Cali could start by flushing Gov Skidmark Brown. PhDProfessor 
Too bad California didn’t plan ahead for this eventuality by building water desalinization plants with the plentiful Pacific Ocean water trough right off their coast. Instead they wasted billions on dubious social programs with little to show for it. TrainsOverDesalinizationBad 
And spending billions on a slow train to nowhere that could be spent on desalinization plants instead. Matibob 
When you vote in Gov Skidmark Brown AGAIN one does not have to look far as to why preparations where not a first priority. Philip Botwinick 
Yeah, that’s the ticket. Two examples of what our highly touted education system believes is critical thinking. 
Let’s build more desalination plants (of course how will they be powered, oh by nuclear) which will produce more water so we can grow more food and use more fertilizers and create more dead zones. More food means more people so that we can stress out the planet even more. 
Watch Albert Bartlett’s Exponential Function on youtube and open your minds. 
And don’t believe the hype about fitting all the people on the planet in the state of Texas. Just take a breath and think about what that would be like. guest 
How does Saudi Arabia get water? PhDProfessor 
They smartly built desalinization plants to provide a stable supply of fresh water. Ronald D Morrison 
California should start with recycling the water back into the dry lakes that is released by its sewer treatment plants. In our area the water released into the ocean is pure enough to drink when it comes out of the plants. In Hampton Roags Virginia we put about 180 million gallons of water back into the ocean every day. We have a population of about 1.8 million. To supplement its recycled water, California should establish desalinization water plants. Also, California might find it advantageous to change its life style and to repent. Black 
I Pay for my water just like I pay for my gas. I’ll let my 3, 12 mpg SUV’s idle in the driveway all day and turn on all the faucets in the house and watch the water flow down the drain if I damn well please. I’m an American and its my god given right Michael Montgomery 
Its comments like yours that make logical people face palm. Poor choice of words. Its like those that open carry in front of a school because they can-Dumb! K2 
The more water you waste, the more your fellow americans will suffer. Richard O. Mann 
Yep. That’s a fact. But, when ya turn on that faucet, and nothing comes out, that is whey you will have to load up the SUVs with whatever you can pack into them, and move some where else. Bad thing is, no one is going to want all those people from California, moving into their state/communities. I can see armed citizens waiting at the state line, looking for license plates from California. Either turn back, or be shot. Let the good times roll. Doug_B 
California – the big warm and easy – I don’t want these people and the illegals in my state! Agua 
The people will head south of the border as planned. Chemtrails and the North American Union. Thanks NWO. Doug_B 
How about a machine that turns illegals into water? Just a thought. Matibob 
There is no way I would drink that! Idahocntryboy! 
“If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek My face and turn from their wicked ways, then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and heal their land”. 2nd Chronicles 7:14 God’s patience wears thin. Devastation will continue to come on this country until this country repents and turns back to God! goldminer 
LOL! Well you can thump your bible all you want. But it aint gonna stop the flood of thirsty caifornicators that will be headed to your part of the country. There wont be no healing of your land then. They aint thirsting for salvation. Just more money and sin. Idahocntryboy! 
It will not be just California that suffers the entire US is going to have major catastrophic situations where men’s hearts will fail as fear grips their thoughts. Laugh all you want at my Bible but this Bible predicted over 2500 prophecies and 2/3’s have a 100% accuracy rate and more coming true each day. Israel experienced it’s disobedience to God as will this country that has completely turned it’s back on God. 2smooth 
Amen brother ! Hallaluja to the lamb ! chilller 
Praise God from whom all blessings flow….or suffer the consequences at your own peril…. Paul Patriot 
Amen. All we can do is pray that the scoffers wake up and repent before their window of opportunity for salvation is closed. Gay Veteran 
Truth! suss 
well, what he said is true……….think about it for a change. everyones so wrapped up in phones, games, lifestyle, and not od. you reap what you sow….. user z 
If there “won’t” be “no” healing, then there will be some healing. pmagn 
Hey you dont need God to let you know that. Climate scientist have been say this would be coming for the last 30yrs or so. Idahocntryboy! 
It will be far worst that just climate change! The ground will crumble at your feet, the moon will be as blood, famine, pestilence and it is coming soon to a town near you. Sunny 
But the million dollar questions are – CAN they save you? 
Isn’t everyone will be busy to save their own as**? DixieAngel_76 
And the Bible said it thousands of years ago. suss 
AMEN!!!! DixieAngel_76 
Finally, a word of wisdom; but don’t expect the scoffers to listen. Christ Himself warned that in the last days they would just about outnumber everyone else. gillyking 
Eliminate sanctuary cities, strictly enforce immigration laws, rid the state of all the societal parasites sucking California dry! Utilize the ocean! De-sal plants up and down the coast! Cease the political global warming hoax hogwash and use our resources much smarter! Yawn 
why is the un involved this is a US problem…please dont come to my state… underaged 
Lame excuse for an article – no thought, just hyperbole. Joss Smith 
Nobody with any Brains at this moment is factoring into the U.S. Economic situation that if California doesn’t get substantial rain in the next 18 to 24 months it will be “dire Straits” financially, economically, and socially on top of each current problems because we never seem to do anything until its broke and to late. 
The ramifications will create a tremendous strain on the U.S. Economy and will probably cause an eventual collapse in the coming years. Just imagine large parts of California without water because at this stage that is the forecast from the experts. 
Real Estate Prices would CRASH . . . . Agriculture, the Dairy Industry and Wine Production would collapse . . . . and Hollywood well that’s another story ! What would happen to Silicon valley ? This would be devastating on the entire country. Let’s hope the Rain is coming Soon ! Mystic Dog 
Lose the agriculture, lose the golf courses, lose the green lawns, lose the car washes, utilize 1 gallon toilet tanks (and remember if it’s yellow let it mellow, if it’s brown flush it down). And there should be just about enough drinking water for 38 million people. Lorungee 
Lose the golf courses…MY GOD…what would Bob Hope think New Man 
so cal will not be affected because of measures that have been taken and a new desalinization plant coming online called “Poseidon” but the exodus from mid cal has already begon in earnst Danny Straw 
In stead of spending Millions on illegals they should be turning sea water into fresh water..but libtard are just that to stupid to do anything so smart.. pmagn 
err they are. One coming on line now. 19 in the pipeline. 
Do you know how much desal water cost? Philip Botwinick 
It appears that pmagn is asking the right questions. Too bad Danny Straw (Strawman) is typical of the level of critical thinking we have in the world and especially in the USA. 
Has to turn things into Liberal/Conservative debate instead of being able to see beyond those limited thinking skills. 
He ought to try to learn how to grow food (and spend less time on the net) to see how hard it is to do without water. 
Guess Danny hasn’t watched Ken Burn’s “The Dustbowl” or he might be concerned that the Ogallal Aquifier will be depleted by 2050, so every part of the USA west of the Mississippi will be worse than the Dust Bowl of the 30’s. 
Guess Danny ought to buy that one way ticket offered by illusionist Richard Branson for that colony on Mars. 
Not only is the cost of desalination going to make it prohibitive, but without energy to run the plants (fracking is imploding so the Obama fantasy of the USA being the Saudi Arabia of the world again was short lived) makes them a waste of effort, time and energy. 
Hey, Danny, read “Green Illusions” by Ozzie Zehner. Briarpatch 
What no comment in all that slop you typed about water boiling only at 212 F Ed 
Tuning sea water into fresh water requires energy. Fossil energy is depleting as fast as water. California, like Mexico is in population overshoot. mark mc 
During the Dust Bowl, California government sent the the highway patrol to Blockade the highway at Blythe to keep out the Refugees from the Midwest. I say turn about is fair play. Send Arizona Highway Patrol to seal off the Colorado River crossing points. God help us in Arizona. Mondobeyondo 
This drought will have long term effects on not just California, but the west of the U.S. as well. (And also the REST of the U.S…. intentional typo, heh.) 
If you want to, you can forget the old saying “As California goes, so goes the rest of the nation”– but much of the nation’s fruits and nuts come from the Golden State (not the political kind, but the kind you eat.) It is a huge producing state for avocados, lettuce, citrus, Napa Valley wine, pistachios and many other products. The drought will have a severe effect on California’s produce. 
Not to mention. a lot of people will go thirsty, too. The whole West and Southwest is parched. The Colorado River’s flow is way below normal. Los Angeles already has water restrictions in place. Las Vegas and Phoenix may be next . evoval 
By their own admissions the science of cloud seeding is a factual reality. They can make it rain or they can make it not rain. If they have the technology to make it rain why aren’t they? Because they’re using the technology to stop it from raining. Look up at all those hi flying aircraft spraying everyday, even when the clouds are black and it looks like rains coming it doesn’t. Turn off the spigot, dry everything up, destroy property values, buy up all the real estate dirt cheap then turn the spigot back on at a time of their choosing. Diabolically ingenious! DJohn1 
California needs to follow the example of Israel. Using the water you got which is the Pacific Ocean. Use toilets that use little water. Up and down the entire Pacific Coast, figure out why rain is not coming. Then change the conditions causing the drought. Conservation might help in the planting of as many trees as is practical. Leaves from trees tend to preserve what water there is. Disney put together a project in which they drip feed water to plants. It needs to be put into place in California to preserve vegetation where possible. Everything done is accumulative and eventually it might even solve the problem. I look at it that it didn’t just start suddenly. It has gone on for years. Now it is getting critical. The problem of drought will not go away suddenly either. It will take years to solve the problem. When natural things reverse then the state could end up flooded. Remember, who is really in charge. God can do miracles. California and surrounding areas needs to change. The change is going to be somewhat painful but necessary. There is some hidden cause that is preventing the rain from falling. That is what California has to discover before anything will work. jakartaman 
An angry GOD on the sodimites Gay Veteran 
The road of the Godly leads upward, leaving hell behind. Proverbs 15:24 
more parroting of bible verses. Polly want a cracker? 
Said it before and I guess it bears repeating… California is led by politically correct morons. 
They are spending billions on a train nobody wants, instead of investing in what? Solar powered DESALINATION Plants everywhere. They have the biggest body of water in the world, right in front of their eyes and they cannot see… Philip Botwinick 
Your are still drinking the Kool Aid laced punch. 
Read Ozzie Zehner’s “Green Illusions” and take the red pill. 
Realize finally that Solar and Wind cannot and I repeat cannot power industrial civ and definitely can’t provide a “middle class” American lifestyle to the entire planet (which would need 5 other planets like Earth to do so). 
Solar and Wind are fossil fuel extenders. You understand what and extender is? Hart Shepherd 
Philip, solar collection for boiling water is not the same as converting solar energy into electricity. It is a much more efficient process and is totally viable. It does, however take up a lot of real estate, so the ocean water would need to be pumped into collectors in the desert, and the fresh water pumped back into the city. I think you were confused by the word powered. Either pay closer attention or try not to be so sanctimonious. Reminds me of a joke. What do you get when you cross Albert Einstein with a streetwalker? You get a f*#king know-it-all. Piper Michael 
Yes Philip, in the general case, I agree. But this is a specific case for a specific task, and yes, I was being bit flippant… 😉 Generally the comment was about common sense, and mistaken priorities of the leftist idiots running things. The whole problem is Kalifornia, overpopulation, and Illusions that we can keep our current level of technocratic civilization running. That is a problem I and many others have been working on since the first oil crisis in the 1970’s. There are no solutions, except Malthusian. Is that the answer you wanted to hear? Joe Burbinski 
Well look, if this drought is actually natural, what do you expect, the majority of California has always been a desert …period. it has only developed for human habitation because they stole water from other parts of the nation. As I said, if this drought is natural let it reclaim the land the sooner the better. There are lots of spaces and housing for all those California’s in Michigan especially Detroit, it has lots of housing that is empty and I hear you can get homes at a fantastically low price, plus lot of water in Lake Michigan for them. Mexifornia Taxpayer 
Just exterminate the two legged vermin and their spawn that infest the city, burn everything down and start over Joe Burbinski 
Well from what I have read, that is a possible option that the so called power brokers of this world are looking into so they can have it all for themselves and only keep a small number of us simple folk to do work so they won’t have to.After all us simple folks are just a drain on the resources that apparently I am told belong all to them Alleged Comment 
You wanted gay abomination, you wanted a foreign illegal king, you wanted abortion genocide, you wanted prayers out of schools, government, and your lives. 
YOU WANTED TO DEFY GOD!!! 
Well guess who owns the water there? 
Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of thine own well. (Prov 5:15) H8Religion 
Child Raping Priests DEFY GOD or does GOD condone it? After all he has remained silent about it!!!! 2smooth 
@hater, Why dont you mention the head cutting off muslums. Are you scared of them or are you one of them. Sunny 
They too are screwed up, and the ones who didn’t got yet, will be soon. Wait & watch! 😉 Alleged Comment 
Are you talking about Moslems? Please state your cause. 2smooth 
Amen !brother amen ! hallauluja to the lamb, give him praise and glory in the house ! God is is not pleased with the way they have strayed away from the faith and shook their fist in his face ! Gay Veteran 
bilge from a tired old bigot Mark Odenbach 
High End Solar drought solution for The Golden State. 
There is a technological solution to this problem. I don’t even need credit for it, but it is my idea. 
The three, one mile square solar concentrating steam generating, electric power stations that are operating along Interstate 15 south of the state line between CA and NV are the way out of this mess. The boilers need to be modified to use ocean/salt water and to continually wash the concentrated brine with fresh salt water so as not to clog the boiler with salt. An area of perhaps 50 square miles should be set aside in the low area of the southwestern central valley, where there used to be a lake and the farmland is not as good as elsewhere. The brine handling solar power generating plants should be built in this area with the already existing piping and canals from the delta used to supply them with salt water from further out into the ocean. The solar plants boil the salt water and use the steam to make power from the sun, which makes the “Greenies” happy; the steam from the turbines is then condensed into pure water with the cold salt water coming into the plant which is warmed up a bit; the continuous flow of highly concentrated brine flushed out of the boilers is placed into evaporation ponds for salt and other mineral mining operations. A small fraction of the power generated by the plants is dedicated to run the delta pumps, the remainder is injected into the grid. The fresh condensed water is piped throughout the central valley to eliminate the water shortages CA will be experiencing. This is basically, solar desalinization with many additional benefits. This system is scalable and even more value can be derived with new technologies and innovations. 
Mark Odenbach 
I have a house in phoenix i can let someone buy for 700k frank1569 
There is only one solution: 1/2 the population needs to voluntarily move to another state ASAP. Of course, said 1/2 can’t afford that, so our govt is going to have to declare a state of emergency and provide relocation assistance for both people and businesses. 
Said assistance could easily be offset by, say, our not bombing 6 countries in the Mid East for five damn minutes. 
Of course, what will really happen is ‘Grapes of Wrath, Part 2,’ because when the going gets tough, Americans start hatin on each other big time… you know, because we’re an awesome Christian nation and stuff. CharlesH 
I just posted signs at all entrances. DELAWARE IS CLOSED! Bill 
No Dams, no water reserves. There was a huge anti-dam movement to preserve the environment. Now the environment is dying because we didn’t build water reserves. Bill 
Change your username. Ken Swan 
It’s called WEATHER you asshat… go read your HISTORY BOOKS ( pre 1980) and maybe you would learn something real… and who believes that lying POS Gore anyway ( yeah the guy with the $12K/month powerbill) Pete 
Oh, and what happens if at the same time San Francisco or the L.A. area gets hit with a major earthquake? It’s look out below.. Lorungee 
Fish and other wildlife disappearing from the Pacific ocean and Cali coast and NOBODY in officialdom (dumb) wants to talk about the connection between Sea Lions with the symptoms of radiation poisoning and Fukishima. Truly amazing. goldminer 
I have said this before here and say it again. It aint just about watering crops. lawns, and swimming pools. Its about power! The west runs on cheap hydroelectric power. We have about 1 year of cheap power left in the west’s lakes. After that. Out go the lights! AND air conditioning. Can you imagine what LA, Las Vegas, Phoenix, ect would be like without AC and cooling. The words hell hole comes to mind. I laugh at all the people who talk about Desalination plants. They take huge amounts of power. Where are they going to get that? Go nuculear? in Kalifornia? LOL fat chance. They would plant a useless windmill on every square foot of ground first. Don’t you just love it when a good plan goes to hell. Dale Graley 
I say lets get that billion dollar bullet train built through Cali so we can move water around faster! TheTruthBurns 
Crapipornia – Glad I left. It was the Golden State maybe until the late 80’s or early 90’s but has really gone down hill so now it is The Golden Toilet Bowl. Too Many Illegal Mexicans, Indians (On Work Visas-Yeah Right), Mainland Chinese (Rude, Money Grubbers). Every kind of Lifestyle is OK especially Rapists & Child Molesters (Again See Illegal Latinos). I have told my relatives who live there if you don’t leave Cali – then when the Big One Hits or you can’t find anyone who still Speaks English or there is No More Water Left then Look in the Mirror & Realize YOUR STUPIDITY for Staying – Sorry No Sympathy Here. A few Good Nukes could Solve a lot of problems – Can you Hear Me San Francisco, L.A. & San Diego – Buh-Bye! The Conservanator 
Call me crazy, but wouldn’t all the money that has/will be wasted on benefits for illegal wetbacks and Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown’s cho cho train, been better served by being used for the development of a desalinating system? Do you need a better example of liberal lunacy? Briarpatch 
What a tool. Al Gore knows NOTHING about weather patterns or anything that pertains to earth sciences. Al Gore was only trying to cash in on the “Glo-bull warming” scam to make more money. Idiots believed him and the rest is history. Philip Botwinick 
Obviously neither Ken nor Briarpatch understand the difference between climate and weather. 
Do some research guys and learn that you’re not going to heaven. 
Here’s some help, if you’re open: 
Albert Bartlett – exponential function on youtube 
Check out Guy McPherson’s Climate Change Summary. 
Bet you believe that water can be made to boil at any temperature other than 212 degree F. Briarpatch 
Hey Einstein, what kind of background do you have in science? of any sort? Not that satellite imaging of the Antarctic shows an INCREASE in ice coverage. Oh and YES!! I do know (not believe) that water can be made to boil at a temp other than 212 degrees F. You must have been asleep in you freshman high school science class dumbass. Water will boil at LOWER temps with an increase in elevation. At 5000 ft. above sea level water WILL boil at 198 degrees F. Trusting you and your friend, Al Gore with any matters of science is a losing bet to be sure. Go back to watching Dancing with the Stars. Marine68 
The lack of rain and Snow is not a Catastrophe; there is much Water underground that can and is pumped up. The problem is that the Government redirects overflow into the Ocean rather than down to the south of the water’s sources. pmagn 
its not just CA, its the whole SW.. and parts of Mexico and Central America. And thats exactly what #climate predictions where. These regions are now bust. We should have been planning on how to cope with this. Maybe you can really plan for this… Its going to be ugly. Lucretius Laskaris 
Lovin’ the comments here. There are some real pieces of work. More Flatlanders stuck in their ideological prejudice than I can shake a stick at. Love it!!! Hart Shepherd 
Your avatar is apropos. Hart Shepherd 
Oh, and the so-called flatlanders are much brighter than the tard with the pointy end of the ice-cream cone stuck in his eye. 2smooth 
Praise the lord, he is coming soon !!! GSOB 
Praise the Lord! JI 
Oh no, this is a disaster for the western US!! A mass migration of Californians! Wherever they go, they quickly vote for the type of people and policies that screwed up California in the first place. Bill 
Hi Michael – The Great Drought is being engineered through Geoengineering – Aerosol Particulates and EMF frequencies (HAARP and S Band Radars) – see documentation in videos by Mike at The HAARP Report YouTube channel jack_foobar 
We’re going to dig a moat around California and set it on fire. Any other stupid questions? Patrick Adrien Varencaus 
Adios amerika . Your sins are exposed you ve rejected God time to pay European American 
The Pacific NW got massively sucker punched by the “invasive species with an attitude” from the south, back in the 80’s. This time we’ll be waiting for them. Locked and Loaded. clay mills 
But this time, He wants us to help ourselves! 😉 GSOB 
My Deliverer is standing by. UCSPanther 
From what I have heard and read thus far, the 20th century was the wettest known time in California, but the later 19th century was quite dry (Including the great drought of 1886 that scuttled any plans to raise cattle in the Central Valley). 
I think we are seeing a return to the “dry” cycle of the past century. Ironic, considering that many people from the prairies migrated there during the Great Depression to escape the Dustbowl Droughts of the mid ’30s. I wager we will see the reverse now… NoWorldOrder.com 
Desalinization technologies are starting to come to the forefront to save California. Do a search for the Carlsbad desalinization plant, and check out Okeanos Technologies new desalinization process that could change everything. Edward Kirby 
As I’ve been saying for a few years: Detroit real estate is the biggest bargain in history right now. Located on the greatest source of freshwater on the planet — the Great Lakes — there will be a massive migration to this area as Latin America empties out along with everything west of what is currently known as the Mississippi River. 
If I had any money at all, I’d be picking up a few empty lots in an impoverished area near downtown. In a decade or so, that kind of investment will have increased by several orders of magnitude as the lands around the Great Lakes see their population increase to over a billion people. Naughty Goy 
What may actually happen is farmers will leave the state. Most of the water is used by the farmers. I believe it’s about 80% of the water that is used by farmers. If a bunch of farmers leave the water usage should go down a lot and it should solve the drought problem that way. Catman 
Why are all the article sources leftist like NPR, National Geographic, Jerry Brown, and the UN? That alone make the stats suspect. This is great climate change fodder, but it doesn’t tell the whole story. What about the pumps that have been idled that put water in the aqueduct because some smelt got caught up in the machinery? What about all the illegals using water in California? Will this lack of water be used by the Obama administration to force other states to take in all these illegals? If this has been such a critical issue for decades why is the next desalination plant five years from completion? Where are California’s priorities? Since so much domestic produce is grown in California why hasn’t a pipeline of water been constructed from say water-rich Wyoming to supply the need? Certainly investors would pile into that project if there was really a need. I suspect the need is not that critical, or they would ban swimming pools at least. And I really believe the left wants to use this issue/crisis to further it’s nefarious agenda of advancing man made global warming, and continue its wealth transfer schemes. Orange Jean 
What most surprises me is that California wasn’t expecting this. They have always had a tenuous hold on water… with parts in the north often getting far too much at the same time as the south getting too little. 
That’s why they built (as who knows what cost) the CA Aqueduct system (which is how the Central Valley gets it’s water for crops) as well as the flood control dams. That’s why back in the late 80s (during a 5 year drought) they passed new plumbing ordinances requiring “low flow” toilets and showers. 
That’s why LA robbed the farmers of Owen’s Valley of their water. That’s why the St. Francis dam failed and killed over 500 people back in the 20s. And in East of Eden (set in Salinas, CA) Steinbeck wrote: 
“And it never failed that during the dry years the people forgot about the rich years, and during the wet years they lost all memory of the dry years. It was always that way.” JB 
Now that they have ruined their state, it looks like many of the Califonians are coming to Texas to drain it of everything, including water. But we have the same problem here. The lakes are drying up at an alarming rate. DON’T COME TO TEXAS, especially Austin. dasgeiss 
About 30 million to get back close to 100 year ago figures. They would go to the East coast, Chicago, Detroit and Southern states. AndreaNY 
If the governments of China, and Russia are able to come to the aid of their farmers/citizens by seeding clouds to produce rain, why is our government not doing the same. Just google”China seeds clouds to relieve drought-hit wheat”. Just seems to me something is really of kilter here when our government acts like they have no knowledge of this technology that we helped perfect. Scott 
Build the Grand Canal project. JWM 
The hasn’t been a natural weather pattern in this country for well over 20 years. All of America’s weathe, and much of the globe has been manipulated, and is controlled. When California runs dry, it will cause a large designed population shift out of the State. Many farmers will quit due to lack of crop water. (Actually this is a ready happening to my own family). My Granddaughter just moved out of California with her husband and family. Her husband has lived in Cal. all his life. Now they live in Washington State (great for us). 
This move out of California by the masses will allow big GMO food corporations to come in and buy up huge rich farming lands for pennies on the dollar, and that will eventually result in huge increase in food prices. Once done, the Government powers controlling the weather patterns will attempt to restore the ground water tables and weather in the state. The end result, more for the Corporations, and control by Government of the people. Control the water and you control the food, control the food and you control the people……That’s the end result, and a very simple plan. Done gradually so as to fool the masses, although it doesn’t look very gradual to me if you look at the results of moving the weather toward the Eastern half of America. why bother 
The problem is “we the people,” reproducing to create much more of us. Add to that the hideous large stucco boxes. And the fallacious idea that our houses and quality of life either will keep improving or at least stay the same, forever. Then I say: Detroit. The number one reason against planning on staying in any one community for a generation is the Detroit example. It can happen anywhere. I like the song “Tom Sawyer,” by Rush for many reasons. But one of my favorite lines is appropriate here. “He knows changes aren’t permanent but change is.” So if you cannot expect living conditions to remain idyllic for more than twenty years then why should someone buy California real estate? A Dodgy Bloke 
Only an American would think of putting a water fountain in a desert. As I said several times the South West of the US was never designed to support this number of people. I was only a matter of time before the water ran out. Even if the wet period had continued it was only a matter of time before reality reared it’s ugly head. Now it California next it will Las Vegas, Phoenix, Reno so on. Walter Ruggieri 
As long as jobs are here, people will stay and they will import water or finally build a desalinization plant. But… once the jobs dry up and real estate prices drop, they will begin to move in mass. Maybe other states need to begin to develop California migration contingencies? David Wilson 
Time to get serious, California. First thing I’d do right now is make lawns illegal, unless they’re made of plastic. And that includes parks, golf clubs and all those road side verges in suburbia. People should replace them with something more appropriate to a Mediterranean/semi-desert climate. If you don’t get radical now the economy could implode in a few years time if the drought continues and water supplies run out. Philip Botwinick 
The Israelis are also good at behaving towards the Palestinians much like the Germans/Nazis did towards the Jews prior to the implementation of the Final Solution in 1941. 
Can Israel function without the funds from the USA, the Christian Right and many of the fearful Jews? No. 
Just consider me a self hating Jew along the lines of Norman Finkelstein. Dan 
They will likely try to make any conservatives stay and then redistribute the liberals to all the swings states….. SMH2much 
So, where is the Calvary to rebuild our dams that were destroyed for the smelt? Richard 
“Are you starting to understand the scope of the problem?” No, actually I’m not starting. I understood the problem a long time ago. How about a question for the likes of us? When you write those kinds of question, it just looks like fea-rmongering to me. The emotive, overwrought silly questions just assume we’re fools. We ALL know how serious this is. We don’t need to be asked if we’re “starting” to understand, thank you. Joel 
“How about a question for the likes of us?”— Really? What about stopping using yourself as a reference of the good way of writing or speaking? Stop playing the Mother Teresa of the Grammar & Spelling World. Your comments are, as usual, out of context of the topic… you just want to show to all of us how great you are at using English… get over yourself. why bother 
I work and rent in Orange County, California. I notice Irvine is all green still. Is the Irvine Company immune from the water rules? I am a legal resident in Arizona and I cannot imagine where Californians could afford to go. They need jobs. Their employers would have to move first before the Californians can move. For instance, the national HQ of Toyota moved from California to Texas. Some other big corporation (I am not at liberty to say) employing at least 10,000 people in California has been talking about consolidating in Texas out of California in five years. I am thinking the plans might move quicker than five years, because of the severe drought. I have a place to stay in Arizona, but no job there. I do have a lot of savings because I prepared for crises, and am 12 years from retirement. So I can sit out a few years and find some way to make money again after the drought finishes off what the socialists destroyed in California. Philip Botwinick 
Not only is Irvine exempt, for the time being (I’m being sarcastic), but big ag and big oil are completely exempt (this I’m being serious about). 
Got to keep those walnuts growing. Discipleof Jesus 
All those microchips and still don’t know how to design a viable de dalizination plant ? See what happens when you trust in man California ? Gwen Johnson Koskinen 
When they have to migrate, maybe this time, when the Californians have to leave and go to Oklahoma, Oklahoma will welcome them with more hospitality than they were greeted with back in the 30s. MeMadMax 
Ah heck, mexico wants california back, let em have it….. 
As long as they get to keep all the libtards there too… 
^.^ Elmo Fudginputz 
Why aren’t a series of pipelines already under construction to move water from the Great Lakes to California and other states being effected by drought? Call it the Interstate Drought System, similar to the Interstate Highway System. Is everybody in California just stupid? All that water in the Great Lakes, and golf courses in California will soon be brown. And the amount of fresh water in Canada is staggering. Somebody out there should try and business develop a solution. Philip Botwinick 
Yeah, that’s right. The Great Lakes where fertilizer run off have created an algae situation. 
My god where are the critical thinkers? Elmo Fudginputz 
Critical thinkers? Well you aren’t one of them, notwithstanding your fantasy and personal problems. Algae situation? Almost all fresh waterer lakes have algae. Did you know most municipalities actually treat their water pathogens and impurities before sending it on to the public? They let folks like you over at Oaklawn sanitarium actually have access to computers? Briarpatch 
Critical thinkers…………THAT’S rich coming from you! Dave Wilbur 
The solution for water in California. ALL accurate economic, gastronomic, medical, political and military thinking has to be based on government having unlimited funds while no money goes to Washington as taxes. How can this be? Nobel Laureate, Paul Samuelson said the Federal Reserve is an “omnipotent counterfeiter” and the Federal Reserve in 1977 and 1979 said their system “works only with credit.” They also said: “The Federal Reserve in cooperation with the federal government has the inherent power to create money. This power makes technical bankruptcy out of the question.” They should just create whatever amount of credit needed to build sufficient desalinization plants to convert sea water to drinking water without use of taxes. The facts stated here make continuous wars possible. Let’s stop the destructive wars and construct all of the pure water plants needed. Philip Botwinick 
Like that’s really going to happen. 
Get real. nobody 
Nice, you can’t even paste a working link. Nevermind, i found your source by myself. But unlike you i checked who they are and surprise surprise, they are one of the mouthpieces of the industry. So yea, about that source, time for a new one unless you still want to be seen as a gullible moron. May i suggest the official government statistics? BTW, i thought that the picture on my account would be enough to clarify its origin, apparently you aren’t smart enough for that. Oh well, nothing new here. Hart Shepherd 
Because we all know how accurate and honest government statistics are. nobody 
You probably don’t, but the rest of us do. Priszilla 
Coors light is just like water, and cheaper too. Infidel51 
California is chock full of amoral liberal d-bags so maybe this is a cosmic smackdown. Guest 
Immorality is not confined only to ‘liberals’, ffs. But yeah, imo CA’s getting some just dues for serious misdeeds. DC’s next. Philip Botwinick 
Having know Mike personally I’m well aware that he was not a supporter of LaRouche. 
There are no solutions. We in the midst of the Sixth Extinction event, and that includes the species known as humans. The window closed back in 1972 despite what propaganda you hear. 
Remember, we’d need 5 other planets like earth to provide a lifestyle that the average American lives for everyone on the planet. 
Look up Albert Bartlett on youtube as well as read Guy McPherson’s Climate Change Summary. We’re at over 40 feedback loops. 
Mike interviewed Guy numerous times and deferred to him on Climate Change issues. Philip Botwinick 
Yeah, that’s right Ken show how much like the Dulles brothers you are. You do know that we overthrew a democratically elected government in Iran in 1953. 
Make this into a liberal/conservative issue. As if Nature gives a flying crap what you are. 
Come back when your taps run dry and ask me if I’ll give you a drink from my well. I’ll be holding a weapon at the time so what will you offer me for a drink of cool, wet, refreshing water. 
I’ll let you turn the other cheek. Perez Piedad 
Take spanish lessons…water…. agua JulietteofOhio 
“Moonbat” strikes again. Maybe this will save the U.S. by diluting the power of the Looney Left. How nice not to have to care about what California thinks, and I use the term loosely. Hart Shepherd 
Philip, followed the link and read the article. Seems like a valid reductionist point of view. However any dichotomy between free will and determinism is a false dichotomy at best as is all of existence. You just have to learn to take the good with the bad. As they say, every dying dog has it’s day. John Blythe 
Let me tell you Michael about the situation in my home town of Lake Isabella which is just about 30 miles due northeast of Bakersfield, the most southern city in the central valley. Lake Isabella, once the largest lake in the southern California region with 40 miles of shoreline has become nothing but a puddle of water now. There are a few factors including the drought situation as well as the fact that the lake’s main dam has to be retrofitted for state earthquake seismic requirements, however the lake levels have had a huge damaging affect on the local economy. Lake Isabella (sometimes referred to as Kern Valley if you count all eight towns that surround the lake) was a nice rural area and a getaway destination for city folks in L.A., Orange County and the Inland Empire. People used to love to come up to the lake every summer to wind surf, boating, jet ski, fish, camp etc.. We’re also a popular tourist destination for European travelers because the lake is a gateway to the Giant Sequoia Tree Monument and Death Valley National Park which foreigners love to visit. 
But now all that has drastically changed. The valley recently had its annual Lake Isabella Fishing Derby (one of the largest trout derbies in the U.S.) and admissions were down substantially which they anticipated anyway and last summer was some of the worst on record for local businesses and it is no doubt going to be an even worse summer season come June. Because the rapid decline in tourism and recreation that feeds the local economy every year, we now have a bigger problem: drug addicts and criminals are moving into the area. Even worse, because of Kern County’s budget problems, Lake Isabella’s police force has been drastically cut. In the last year, people have had their property vandalized, homes that have been broken into, property stolen. 
People who see the decline in tourism due to the lake level going down are now moving out of the area and their vacant homes they put up for sale are now being “moved in” by squatters and meth addicts, as Kern County has a major meth epidemic. As a result, real estate companies in Lake Isabella are loosing money on homes that were originally valued for the market. I can’t tell you how awful this has impacted a once quiet rural area and popular summer destination in Southern California. Its like Lake Isabella has become a ‘mini version’ of Detroit. Vacant homes are now decaying and crumbling, drug users are now out on the streets, we’ve had a larger influx of transients and obvious criminals from Bakersfield and Delano that were released due to State budget problems with the penal system recently; and businesses that have been here for decades are now closing and moving out. The local police and even media in Kern County are reluctant to admit this stuff, in fact the police department I think is so ashamed of what has been happening lately, they seldom even report some of the most obvious drug busts or arrests that should be reported in the local papers, but they don’t report, in fear of what the public would think. But the truth is, the public already knows what is really going on. Hart Shepherd 
You think California is on the Atlantic ocean and we’re stupid? Hart Shepherd 
Al Gore is a douchebag. AGW is a myth. Yes, the climate changes but the primary driver is the sun’s movement around the periphery of the galaxy, and it looks more like we are heading for much colder temps than any of us have seen in our lifetimes. piccadillybabe 
Too bad they did not get on the desalinization band wagon a long time ago. If they had, they would have developed technology that produced beautiful pure water, was energy efficient and affordable by now. In America, we are real good at wasting our resources without thinking about the future. Chuck 
Everyone will eventually move out of california since they will will run out of all water. Hot Rain 
I’ve been hearing this for 30 years. In Vegas we’re always “gonna run out of water”. It was just political BS. There has to be a clever way to raise food prices. And water prices. Unfortunately, food commodities are now traded and investors want returns. That, coupled with weather anomalies around the globe will make basic food unaffordable. The Feds know all of this, that is why they hold off on raising interest rates. When interest rates start going up, food will shoot the moon. As will everything else. Scared Economist 
Have you taken a drive out to Lake Mead lately? Have you seen how low the water level is? And it’s dropping further by the day. Steve Hansen 
People can move / migrate to another place, thats not the big problem! But California produce a lot of food they Export around the World… apeiron 
Can’t the ocean water be de-salinized? Or is that one of those ideas that turn out to be more inputs than the output justifies? PaulPaterakis 
Jerry Brown is spending fifty billion dollars on a Bullet Train to Nowhere but California hasn’t built a new reservoir to conserve water in twenty years. 
California dumps fresh water into the ocean to keep San Francisco Bay from getting too salty and making the Delta Smelt uncomfortable. 
This is a man-made disaster which has nothing to do with Global Warming. This is caused by liberal pressure groups electing incompetent liberal politicians. Andy Stunich 
Perhaps desalination plants? Probably too expensive other than for residential water. Gay Veteran 
“… I speak of separation of religion and state….” 
sounds like you would feel right at home in Saudi Arabia. 
btw, YOU adopt any unwanted babies? Gay Veteran 
interesting how all those tornadoes hit the Bible Belt GSOB 
The Godly have a refuge when they die, but the wicked are crushed by their sins. Proverbs 14:12 
still parroting those bible verses. 
Polly want a cracker? Lazarovic 
Kentucky can take some, especially farmers. Kentucky can produce vegetables too, plenty of water in Kentucky. cactusue 
California the once golden state created some of this through urbanization and illegal immigration growth through liberal policies. LA ran out of water in the early 1900’s but they kept building acquaducts and importing from the Colorado River as does Nevada and Arizona. This is the arid West and much inhabitable. In the end the earth always wins over mans folly. Rebel in Idaho 
they could go back to mexico and take the liberals with them. quercus454 
It’s the numbers. Something that the politicians can’t seem to grasp. Immigration both legal and illegal is the driving force behind US population growth. Immigrants and their children are near 80% of California’s increase of people. For every new added person it takes during their lifetime the development of 25 acres of undeveloped land. Those acres include expansion of waste facilities, infrastructure /roads/schools, consumer outlets, food production and increased government facilities. As one does the math, the amount of land needed to support the additional people becomes staggering. Increased numbers also drive up the cost of other dwindling resources. Energy, water, food, taxes also increase. Services like healthcare become stretched beyond their capacity. The ability of the US to increase it’s population and sustain current levels of quality of life is impossible. California is the canary in the mine. If we do not stop the current rate of population growth, the US will see horrific conditions unheard of in this country before. Like a life boat, once filled to capacity, the addition of more people make conditions for everyone worse. Fat Hubie 
Seal the border of California and force them to move to Mexico…! Can’t have the liberalism disease spreading….. Tara Connor 
California CANNOT get water from OREGON. WE ALSO have a really bad drought, NO SNOW PACKS, NO SNOW this year, and not enough rain to grow our crops.Our farmers are desperate, BUT I recommend that drought states start to regularly SEED OVER CAST CLOUDS to get rain! START to use science on the weather! WE HAVE THE SCIENCE. They seeded over cast clouds in the past to get rain; do it again. Science is far enough ahead, we can fiddle with the weather; California needs to use it’s technology, and start getting rain, clouds, atmospheric changes and we KNOW the chemistry.Oregon in the Willamette Valley has much over cast clouds; make them rain! And CA, get your science companies to conjur up chemically made weather. It CAN be done. Tom 
Why doesn’t our government invest in plants that remove salt from ocean waters. Don’t some mid East countries already do this? DixieAngel_76 
I’ve got a few questions for Governor Moonbeam, Lynn Wilson and the UN; first off, why are we allowing in new immigrants when there’s not enough water for those of us who were here first? Second, will those people be the first to be made to leave, and will it be back over the border? Third, and most important is who gets to decide who leaves and who stays, and what happens to people who do not wish to leave their property behind? Fran 
Send them to Mexico! Nicholi Hel 
The water situation should be exponentially worse in a few months as the mentally deranged politicians of California and this country allow a few million more Mexicans to swarm into the state. Nicholi Hel 
Do you think Nancy Pelosi will be fined for wasting water while washing the feet of illegal immigrants? She can wash my backside and gargle with the water, spit it into a bowl, then have it filtered and sold off to LA for drinking water. F$%K California. Colin Nunn 
I’m wondering if any of the brainiac politicians have ever heard the word ‘infrastructure’ and if they did, ever considered the resulting strain on resources of mass immigration in the millions? Hey, Government, like DUH!!! Jessy S. 
They can turn HARPP on and off on a whim. With that said, they tried getting water out to California, but that didn’t happen. Joe 
I’m sure they’ll be coming to where the water is. HAARP 
Why doesn’t the U.S. Government implement the HAARP program for weather manipulation? HAARP 
Make Mexico the 51st State! Randy Smith 
Give it back to Mexico. Lyla cavanaugh 
The illegals are coming up here because there is a drought in Mexico. They won’t be going back. They will be moving north. Lyla cavanaugh 
No one will be leaving. The first thing is to stop all the high density housing that is being built. As soon as those new people turn on their taps and flush their new toilets its causing the situation to be worse for us all. Mary 
My concern is what happens to desperate people who will be forced to migrate east- no jobs, no money. What happens to the communities and infrastructure of peaceful and relatively crime-free towns as these people descend upon them? Let’s say only 10% leave Cali- that’s still almost 4 million people looking for a new place to live. Who will leave- the richest or the poorest? What happens when a half million dollar home is now worth nothing? 
I imagine the poor have the least to lose, will hop on the California Zephyr et al, and start being deposited across the rest of the US. drleonus 
Where are the savvy investors who will create the jobs needed to build three massive pipelines stretching across the country- this is a national problem after all – bringing snowmelt from the eastern seabboard, rain runoff from the midwest, and water from the Great lakes to dump all of it into the Lake Mead Sistern. The Pipelines will have giant logos on them, built from private investments funders: Koch Brothers, Google, Bill gates, Chevron,Netflix. Every state gets a chunk of the profits as the water passes through their states. Think of the billion of dollars invested and reaped from a massive project like this. Seems like a crazy proposition, no more crazy than a Las Vegas sucking up all the water to be an artificial city in the desert built on 1930’s hubris? O, and powering our homes with water? That’s go to stop immediately. Another 1930’s infrastructural by gone way of doing things. Thankyou. It is time to solve this and stop jawing about it. robert hutchens 
Lets face it, if there is a SEVERE water shortage and little drinking water, there will be chaos and riots. Anyone that says differently is living in a dream world. I havnt washed my car in three months, and YET I see MORONS washing their PRECIOUS car weekly! THOSE same morons will be the ones I TAKE from when the CHAOS and RIOTS hit. Stock up on Ammo AND firearms! MeJane 
The so called mega drought is being advanced by the very same people as the climate alarmism community, which we know is more of a hoax and political movement of taxation and control than science. I’d like to see the science used and I am sure it is “climate models”, which are predictions and not reliable “science” given the poor performance of climate models to date, we should be very skeptical of any climate modeling projections — and we certainly should not be basing any policy on the models. Plus a rainy winter 
I say this because I live in So. Cal and we had not even heard of this drought until two years ago and when we did it hear about it was touted “suddenly” by our very liberal Governor as “the worst drought in history”. There is no doubt that the last four years had been dry but we’ve had other periods that had been just as dry and for much longer without the hysterical doom saying. If the drought was so severe was the why didn’t he insist on conservation when drought first began? Why is he NOT appropriating and supporting dam building that is already voted on as a priority over the idiotic and wildly expensive high speed rail if this were such a deadly emergency? Water is a necessity of life, railroads to nowhere are not, this does not add up. Plus we’ve had a rainy winter and spring, but there is never a dent in the drought? Why aren’t desalination plants going up, we are next to an ocean. Brown ordered mandatory water use reductions for the four year drought by 25 percent reduction on the state’s 400 local water supply agencies, the state’s agencies will be responsible for coming up with restrictions to cut back on water use and for monitoring compliance to enforce punitive measures, including FINES. Brown wants to fine big water wasters up to $10,000 per day. I have no problem with conserving and do so even when we aren’t in a drought but something is off here when for 4 years this has been a problem but not one plan other than conservation and fines in the fourth year of a mega drought has been addressed or will be addressed. This is about revenue, alarmist global warming BS, we’re in a drought, it is not the end of the world. Centurion53 
Deport the MILLIONS and MILLIONS of illegal aliens back to wherever the H e l l they came from. And while we’re at it deport, Obama and every Demo Rat politician and radical environmentalist who’ve been instrumental in Helping to create this disaster!! And for the rest of these Liberal/Progressive California fruitcakes….Stay out of MY STATE Let them all go to H E L L Athena Lis 
they better not come to texas. We like guns and our streets and highways are already littered with too many people that have no business being here.",0
8720,Philadelphia Orchestra Walks Out on Opening Night - The New York Times,"The musicians of the fabled Philadelphia Orchestra went on strike on Friday just before their   gala concert, rattling the classical music world and silencing one of the nation’s great ensembles a little more than four years after it emerged from bankruptcy. The strike  —   called on the same day that musicians on the other side of Pennsylvania at the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra walked out on strike  —   came as the Philadelphia’s players sought to recover some of the pay they lost to concessions during the recent bankruptcy. As a gala audience including many of the Philadelphia Orchestra’s donors and board members, some in black tie, gathered at Verizon Hall for an opening night concert that was supposed to be conducted by the orchestra’s popular music director, Yannick   a series of   talks were held in an effort to avert the strike. But they proved fruitless, and the musicians were soon walking a picket line instead of playing Gershwin and Ravel. The strike was the biggest shock wave yet in a tumultuous autumn for symphony orchestras, at a time when many are grappling with fiscal challenges. Now Philadelphia, the Pittsburgh Symphony, and the smaller Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra are all on strike. At the same time other orchestras, like the San Francisco Symphony, have agreed to   pay deals. The Philadelphia Orchestra, one of America’s “big five” orchestras, is known for its plush Philadelphia sound, and for a high caliber of   under leaders including Leopold Stokowski, Eugene Ormandy, Riccardo Muti, and now Mr.   who was recently named the next music director of the Metropolitan Opera. “We can no longer remain silent while we continue in a downward spiral,” the musicians said in a statement. They noted that their pay had been cut in recent years, including a 14 percent cut in 2011, and that they now make less than musicians in the nation’s other leading orchestras. John Koen, a cellist who is chairman of the orchestra’s negotiating committee, said, “We did everything we could to save this concert,” but that the two sides remained too far apart on pay. The orchestra’s management said it had offered the musicians raises of 2 percent each year for the next three years on an annual base pay of $127, 608, which is less than other top orchestras pay. Allison Vulgamore, the president and chief executive of the orchestra, told the audience that the concert had been canceled. She said in a statement that the cancellation was “naturally disappointing to all of us” and added that “even as our last several years have seen us overcome numerous challenges, we hope this, too, will soon lead to a mutually satisfactory agreement. ” Outside the hall, musicians marched carrying signs saying “Philadelphia Orchestra on Strike” and “Retain the Artistry. ” A small group of the orchestra’s brass players gave a brief impromptu concert on the sidewalk to console disappointed concertgoers. As he left the hall, Tim Szczesny, 24, said that he had driven three hours from Binghamton, N. Y. to attend the concert and had come away disappointed. “We tried to do something nice tonight and it backfired,” said Mr. Szczesny, who was with his girlfriend, Pamela Blatkiewicz, 23, who lives in Philadelphia. Mr. Szczesny said he didn’t know whom to blame for the concert cancellation but he believed   musicians should be fairly compensated. “It does seem kind of sad that they can’t reach agreement,” he said. “These musicians are world renowned. ” Deborah Ledley, a resident of Penn Valley, in the Philadelphia suburbs, was downcast about the strike. “It’s so sad,” she said. “I love the orchestra, and they couldn’t play on opening night. ” A small gala dinner in the hall went on as planned after the concert was canceled.",0
8721,VIDEO: Cartel Gunmen Hold Up Border City Currency Exchange Store,"REYNOSA, Tamaulipas  —   A team of cartel gunmen wielding machine guns and wearing body armor carried out a brazen daytime heist in this border city. The act highlights the raging violence that continues to take place in this city.    Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “A. C. Del Angel” from Reynosa, Tamaulipas. ",0
8722,The Effects Of Fragranced Products Upon Consumers,"By Catherine J. Frompovich
One of the academic professionals in my vast network includes Anne Steinemann, Professor of Civil Engineering, Chair of Sustainable Cities, Melbourne School of Engineering, The University of Melbourne, Australia, who just published the research paper, “ Fragranced consumer products: exposures and effects from emissions ,” October 7, 2016. Dr Steinemann was kind enough to email a copy of her exciting work, which I’d like to bring to consumers’ attention since gas out fumes from fragranced products definitely have negative impacts upon human health.
Back in the 1970s, I tried bringing attention to gas out from formaldehyde fumes that were saturating everything from carpeting to fabric stores, with fragrances in almost anything from toilet tissue to you name it—scented candles being the most offensive. How employees worked in those stores that took away one’s breath, was totally incomprehensible to me. Didn’t they know those fumes were not friendly to their nasal sinuses, throat, bronchi and lungs?
Professor Steinemann’s article needs to be studied seriously, especially by parents with young children who are more prone to developing respiratory problems and allergies. Probably two of the more offensive gas-off consumer products are cologne and perfume, which women over-use plus men’s after shave. Both affect young children who are carried close to their parents’ bodies and must breathe in those irritating fumes. Please consider that those scents can cause respiratory problems for baby.
The above article Abstract states,
Results from this study provide strong evidence that fragranced products can trigger adverse health effects in the general population. The study also indicates that reducing exposure to fragranced products, such as through fragrance-free policies, can provide cost-effective and relatively simple ways to reduce risks and improve air quality and health.
Furthermore, I’d like to call readers’ attention to the statistics cited regarding HEALTH EFFECTS. Here’s what Professor Steinemann’s research confirmed:
Overall, 34.7 % of the population reported one or more types of adverse health effects from exposure to one or more types of fragranced products. The most common types of adverse effects were as follows: 18.6 % respiratory problems; 16.2 % mucosal symptoms; 15.7 % migraine headaches; 10.6 % skin problems; 8.0%asthma attacks; 7.2%neurological problems; 5.8 % cognitive problems; 5.5 % gastrointestinal problems; 4.4 % cardiovascular problems; 4.0 % immune system problems; 3.8 % musculoskeletal problems; and 1.7 % other.
Personally, I think the above stats could meet the ‘criteria’ for those affected and who experience what’s called “Multiple Chemical Sensitivities” (MCS), a condition exacerbated by environmental pollutants, e.g., smog, chemtrails, odors, chemical gas out fumes, and fragrances, relieved only by total avoidance and undertaking a supervised detoxification program, in my opinion.
Because of the “super-saturation aggregate” of chemicals in air, food, water and environment, the human immune system is being compromised constantly, whether we know it or not. Therefore, it ought to be incumbent upon everyone, I think, to avoid any chemical gas out fumes like scented candles, dryer sheets, cleaning products, automobile and room air fresheners, scented personal beauty products, e.g., soaps, lotions, perfumes, after shave, hair sprays, etc. Let’s not ignore “flame retardants.”
In my opinion, one of the most irritating scents is found in room air freshener products, which are caustic to mucous membranes of the nose, mouth, throat and bronchi. Many public restrooms gas out deodorizing chemicals toxic fumes, which ought to be outlawed, in my opinion, as people are forced to breathe them in order to use public restrooms. Complain to managers in stores, theaters and other public places when you encounter such chemical assaults on your lungs.
Laundry products leave scents in bed linens that infants, toddlers and adults must sleep on seven or more hours a day, which is not conducive to a healthy respiratory system and weakens the immune system, in my opinion. Toxic chemical fume exposure is a stress on the body! Have pity on your poor liver, the main detoxifying organ in the body, and give it a chance to recoup as much as possible. Wearing perfumes and breathing in room air fresheners are constant chemical stresses to the body.
However, one of the most egregious out gassing of toxic scents is found in all new clothing. The odor smells like perfume, but contains many chemicals to keep the fabric ‘sized’. I can smell someone wearing new clothing several feet away from me. If I can smell it, I question whether it’s harming the person wearing it, as most people don’t realize what’s going on with new clothing. I heartily suggest laundering every new piece of clothing before wearing it or putting it on a baby or toddler—especially! If there’s something that can’t be laundered, place it in a clothes dryer on a high heat setting for as long as it takes to ‘cook off’ the fumes. I discuss a lot about chemical reactions in my 2009 book, Our Chemical Lives And The Hijacking Of Our DNA, A Probe Into What’s Probably Making Us Sick. 
Personally, I don’t buy anything that cannot be laundered before wearing! Sometimes I ‘cook’ new clothing in my dryer for several hours before it’s gassed out. Wetting two clean wash clothes that are wrung out as dry as possible and placed into the dryer with new clothing, I found, helps the gas out go faster and reduces dryer time.
Would you like to know what some of those sizing chemicals are? According to our friends at Organic Consumers Association,
Chemicals often used for finishing include formaldehyde , caustic soda, sulfuric acid, bromines, urea resins, sulfonamides, halogens, and bromines. Some imported clothes are now impregnated with long-lasting disinfectants which are very hard to remove, and whose smell gives them away. [1]
Professor Steinemann found that
Fragranced product manufacturers are not required to disclose all ingredients in their formulations. This lack of disclosure can impede efforts to understand and reduce adverse effects associated with potentially harmful compounds, such as certain volatile organic compounds and semi-volatile organic compounds. Further, we lack knowledge on which specific chemicals or mixtures of chemicals are associated with the adverse effects, and this is an important area for research.
In my opinion, there ought to be a law prohibiting any non-disclosure policies of all i ngredients used in business and industry manufacturing! Where are FDA, EPA and OSHA regulations regarding those loopholes in manufacturing and merchandising? I mention OSHA (Occupational Safety and Health Administration) because the workplace can be very problematic for many reasons: chemical gas out fumes from carpeting and other construction materials; perfumes, which can be compared to tobacco smoking fumes; and unrealized particulates given off from heat production by electronic equipment—often the source of eye irritation, I think. Indoor air pollution can originate from many sources.
Thanks, Professor Steinemann, for your timely and exceptional study.
Fragranced consumer products: exposures and effects from emissions 
Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License ( http:/ /creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ ), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.
Media Release 
http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11869-016-0442-z 
Reference: 
[1] https://www.organicconsumers.org/news/do-you-know-what-toxic-chemicals-lurk-your-clothing 
Catherine J Frompovich ( website ) is a retired natural nutritionist who earned advanced degrees in Nutrition and Holistic Health Sciences, Certification in Orthomolecular Theory and Practice plus Paralegal Studies. Her work has been published in national and airline magazines since the early 1980s. Catherine authored numerous books on health issues along with co-authoring papers and monographs with physicians, nurses, and holistic healthcare professionals. She has been a consumer healthcare researcher 35 years and counting. 
Catherine’s latest book, published October 4, 2013, is Vaccination Voodoo, What YOU Don’t Know About Vaccines , available on Amazon.com. 
Her 2012 book A Cancer Answer, Holistic BREAST Cancer Management, A Guide to Effective & Non-Toxic Treatments , is available on Amazon.com and as a Kindle eBook. 
Two of Catherine’s more recent books on Amazon.com are Our Chemical Lives And The Hijacking Of Our DNA, A Probe Into What’s Probably Making Us Sick (2009) and Lord, How Can I Make It Through Grieving My Loss, An Inspirational Guide Through the Grieving Process (2008) 
Catherine’s NEW book: Eat To Beat Disease, Foods Medicinal Qualities ©2016 Catherine J Frompovich is now available

Image Credit 
Source: Activist Post 
",0
8723,"DELINGPOLE: Great Barrier Reef Still Not Dying, Whatever Washington Post Says...","‘The Great Barrier Reef is dying’ claims the Washington Post. [This is classic fake news.  Like the thriving polar bear, like the recovering ice caps, like the    Pacific islands, the Great Barrier Reef has become a totem for the   not because it’s in any kind of danger but because it’s big and famous and photogenic and lots and lots of people would be really sad if it disappeared. But it’s not going to disappear. That’s just a #fakefakenews lie designed to promote the climate alarmist agenda. The annoying thing is, though, whenever I write another piece like this one  —   Shock Study: Australia’s Great Barrier Reef Doing Just Fine  —   I get besieged by greenies on Twitter telling me what an evil denier I am. Meet, for example, my nemesis Tripp Funderburk. @JamesDelingpole You ignore science and tweet lies. 100’s of miles of GBR died due to excessive heat. Shame on you. https:  .   —   Tripp Funderburk (@trippfunderburk) December 2, 2016,  Yes, if he didn’t exist you’d have to invent him. Tripp Funderburk describes himself as “a Duke football fan. Lover of coral reefs. Advocate for climate change solutions. ” There’s a big clue to where he’s coming from ideologically in that last sentence. Even so, it would be a mistake to dismiss him as just a random   with a funny name. As Tripp Funderburk thinks, so does pretty much everyone else in the entire    universe. “Is the Great Barrier Reef dying due to climate change caused by man’s selfishness and greed? I’ll lay money that if you asked this question to your kids’ biology teacher or to Bill Nye the Junk Science Guy or to that nice Richard Osman off Pointless or to Matt Damon or anyone else who would have voted for Hillary Clinton or to any Labour (and a good many Conservative) politicians or anyone who works for the ABC in Australia, the BBC, the Guardian, MSNBC, CNN and the New York Times or comedy Senator Al Franken or  Myles Allen, Professor of Geosystem science at Oxford University or pretty much any other science prof from Oxford, Cambridge, Harvard or Yale or any marine biologist or a lawyer from a big City law firm or anyone who voted Remain in the EU Referendum, you’d get the same answer: “Yes. ” How do they know? Have they been out there personally  —   as I have  —   to check? No, of course not. The reason all these people believe the Great Barrier Reef is dying is because they all get their fake news from the same    echo chamber. If you want to get the real facts, you have to seek them out at places like Jo Nova. In a nutshell: a governmment funded group finds some bleached coral on the Great Barrier Reef, and repackages the stats to come up with the apocalyptic statistic that only 7% of the reef is not bleached!  The SMH reported that “93% of the corals” are damaged. The reef is 2, 000 kilometers long. Did anyone really think about these headlines? Then in a development that “no one” could see coming, local tourism is damaged, potentially costing a lot of jobs. “And the loss of these tourists could cost our tourism industry a whopping $1 billion a year, a report out today by The Australia Institute warned. ” Or listen to honest experts like Professor Peter Ridd, a marine geophysicist from Australia’s James Cook University, who last year tried to blow the whistle on Great Barrier Reef fake news. Instead of being applauded for his integrity, he was censured in a kangaroo court orchestrated by his alarmist colleagues, and found guilty of “failing to act in a collegial way and in the academic spirit of the institution”. As Ridd told The Bolt Report: “We have got to the point where a large fraction of the science we see cannot be relied upon. ” I wonder if this applies to the dozens of names attached to the latest Nature study entitled Global Warming And The Recurrent Mass Bleaching of Corals? They’ve got earn a living somehow. And it always helps when your study summary concludes with the   line: “Consequently, immediate global action to curb future warming is essential to secure a future for coral reefs. ” Yes, of course. However could anyone dare think otherwise?",0
8724,"Tech Opposition to Trump Propelled by Employees, Not Executives - The New York Times","In late September, a group of tech leaders started a   effort to raise $100, 000 for Hillary Clinton. In flush Silicon Valley, that is spare change. But by the time the election was over, the campaign had pulled in only $76, 324. For all its visceral dislike of Donald J. Trump, the tech community did not worry too much about him being elected or, once in office, carrying through with his program. Lulled by favorable polls, distracted by its own destiny, Silicon Valley was above all else complacent. No longer. After President Trump’s Jan. 27 executive order restricting immigration,   has gone   political. Companies are being pushed by their employees, by their customers and sometimes by their ideals. They are trying to go far enough without going too far. Nearly 130 companies, most of them in the technology field, filed an amicus brief late Sunday in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which declined to reinstate the travel ban after a lower court blocked it. The brief, which was signed by an unusually broad coalition of large and small tech companies that included Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Google, Tesla, Uber and Intel, said Mr. Trump’s order “violates the immigration laws and the Constitution. ” “Silicon Valley is stepping up,” said Sam Altman, who runs the valley’s most prominent   incubator, Y Combinator. “The companies are working on three fronts: They are vociferously objecting to the Trump policies they think are bad, they are trying to engage with him to influence his behavior, and they are developing new technology to work against policies and political discourse they don’t support. ” It is an improvised and complicated strategy. The companies are among the richest and most popular of American brands, which means they have a good deal of leverage. Yet they are also uniquely vulnerable  —   not only to presidential postings on Twitter and executive orders, but to the sentiments of their customers and employees, some of whom have more radical ideas in mind. Many of the companies initially placed their bets on engagement after an upbeat meeting with the   in December. That modest approach, which even the most   executive can endorse, showed its limits last week. After widespread customer defections,  Travis Kalanick, the chief executive of Uber, was forced to step down from one of the administration’s advisory councils. “People voted with their feet, and Travis listened,” said Dave McClure, who runs the 500 Startups incubator and started the Nerdz 4 Hillary group that tried to raise the $100, 000. “We need to hold the other tech leaders accountable in the same way. ” Resistance, Mr. McClure said, begins at home. “You don’t have a voice with the president if you didn’t vote for him,” he said. “But employees and customers have a voice with the tech companies. Silicon Valley should be demonstrating at the front doors of Google, Facebook and Twitter to make sure they share our values. ” Several factors are propelling Silicon Valley to the front lines of opposition to Mr. Trump. Some have been widely noted: The companies are often founded by and run by immigrants, which made the executive order on immigration offensive and a threat to their way of doing business. Tech companies frequently stress the importance of talent from other countries to their businesses. Less remarked on has been the political homogeneity of tech workers. “It’s not like you have 60 percent of the employees on one side and 40 percent on the other,” said Ken Shotts, a professor of political economy at the Stanford Graduate School of Business. “They all have the same leanings. ” Mr. Trump does have some support in Silicon Valley, most notably the venture capitalist Peter Thiel. Yet another factor pushing the companies is the perennially tight job market in technology. Executives cannot afford to alienate a large bloc of workers. Beyond this, there is the mythology of Silicon Valley, which holds that the work being done there is building a better future. Google’s former slogan “Don’t be evil” is the most forceful expression of this. “If you go around making a lot of statements about your exalted role in society, at some point your employees might just make you follow through,” Mr. Shotts said. Since the executive order was issued, the companies have struggled to keep on the same page with their employees. Microsoft, for instance, initially made relatively muted comments that mostly celebrated immigration.   hours later, it was much blunter, calling the order “misguided and a fundamental step backwards,” and saying it would create “much collateral damage to the country’s reputation and values. ” At an   meeting at the beginning of the week with the chief executive, Satya Nadella, who was born in India, Microsoft employees expressed their concern. The company did not file a formal declaration supporting Washington State’s effort to block the order the way Amazon and Expedia did, but its public comments assisted the effort, Bob Ferguson, the state attorney general, said. The immigration battle is in Microsoft’s  .   of its employees were affected by the order, the company said. Some in Silicon Valley have more expansive hopes for the tech companies there. “In 2016, we saw how technology could be used to polarize ourselves to extreme levels,” said Mr. Altman of Y Combinator. “The most important thing we could do is figure out how to use technology to depolarize the nation. ” Mr. McClure of 500 Startups said it was ridiculous “for the chief executives of the valley to suggest things like hate speech and bullying speech aren’t solvable problems. Google has been solving the problem of spam for the last 10 years. No reason they can’t fix the monetization of fake news. ” Perhaps the companies just need a little push. On Sunday night, the Super Bowl was in overtime and a dreary winter rain was falling in San Francisco. That was not enough to deter more than 100 tech workers from showing up for a meeting of a new group, Tech Solidarity, that hopes to tackle some of these issues from the bottom up. Maciej Ceglowski, the organizer, canvassed the crowd. How many of you are immigrants? How many work for big tech companies? How many work for big tech companies that attended the Trump tech summit in December? In each case, numerous hands went up. Under the rules of the meeting, participants were not identified. It was a very geeky event. Much of it was a   for three legal aid groups that have been working to assist travelers caught in the ban. The speaker for the Council of   Relations was asked what she needed. She replied that she was having trouble with her customer relationship management software. “I’ve actually been pretty obsessed with C. R. M.s lately,” said a woman in the audience, volunteering to help. Mr. Ceglowski is a software engineer who runs the     Pinboard. He was visiting the United States in 1981 with his mother when martial law was declared in their native Poland. He is now an American citizen.   in tech circles as a caustic critic of the large tech companies and their attitude to issues like privacy, he took on the activist mantle shortly after Mr. Trump was elected. Since then, Tech Solidarity has held rallies in Portland, Ore. New York Seattle Boston and other cities. He talked about Facebook’s chief operating officer, Sheryl Sandberg, the author of “Lean In,” which asks women, “What would you do if you weren’t afraid?” Mr. Ceglowski noted that Ms. Sandberg found time to go see Mr. Trump, but not to go to the women’s march on Washington. The crowd laughed. Ms. Sandberg has said that she had a personal obligation that kept her from the march. When Facebook employees did their own protest last week, he pointed out, it was done in secret so no one knew about it. “We have to protest in public,” he said. The event raised $30, 000 for the legal aid groups. “It looked like   of the room were newcomers,” Mr. Ceglowski said after the event was over. Unlike the great Silicon Valley companies, which seemed to blossom overnight, he said he knew progress here would be slow. But he was hopeful that some of the attendees were previously apolitical folk who had taken their first steps to engagement. “I want pressure from below to counterbalance the pressure management is already feeling from above,” he said. “We have to make sure we’re pushing at least as hard as Trump is. ”",0
8725,"Do Not Forgive the MSM; Alt-Media, Our Job Is Not Over","Jimstone.is 
October 29 2016 

DO NOT FORGIVE THE MSM 

The MSM turned on Hillary. The FBI turned on Hillary. WANT TO KNOW WHY? Because in Florida, where they flipped a HUGE number of votes, Trump still had 68 percent of the vote. Nationwide they did not have the vote scam machines everywhere, and when that got averaged in, Trump took 82 percent of the votes nationwide EVEN WITH THE STOLEN VOTES SUBTRACTED FROM THE AVERAGE. THE FBI, FOX, CNN, EVERYONE ELSE KNEW THE GIG WAS UP, AND IS NOW ONLY MOVING TO SAY ""SORRY"" SO THEY DON'T GO TO JAIL. 

Well, I've got news for you: they are still the same lying despicable malfunctioning trash scum they always were; THEY SHOWED THEIR WORTH, and we would be IDIOTS to forgive them, no matter how badly they burn Hillary. 

CNN is despicable trash; we all witnessed it. NEVER FORGIVE THEM , because they have proven their worth already. No matter what they do, they can't recover from what they have done: they are garbage, a disease, bleach-worthy filth, and I hope Trump ERASES THEM. DITTO FOR ALL of the rest of the MSM, including The Huffington Post, Snopes, ABC-CBS-FOX-YOUNAMEIT – ALL of them are the lowest of filth that is now heading for the darkness of the nearest sewer to get away from the coming bulldozer. 

THE FBI is a trash agency, along with the rest of American intelligence, which only works to serve the enemy for as long as it thinks its head will not be cut off. ALL of the FBI MUST BE DISBANDED and EVERYONE in the FBI should be blackballed and never allowed to work again, with the top echelons jailed for life for treason. THEY LIED ABOUT 9-11 AND THEY KNEW IT , and have proven they serve one purpose: to protect evil. Ditto for the CIA, the NSA, the DHS, the TSA, and all the rest of the trash. All of it needs to go; there is not one fragment of it that should be salvaged. 

So they are all running like rats for cover: they know they blew it, they know they are going to be bagged for heinous crimes against America. Now they are putting on the biggest fakest show the world will ever witness. As if they cared! They never did care, and I hope to God Trump has a memory longer than the average jarhead and bags every last one of them when he has his day. They had BETTER run for the gates and ditch the country just like they said they would if he got elected – because if not, they are heading straight to the gates of justice. 

I would like to thank everyone in the alt-media who made this happen. And I would also like to say that I said it all along as it was and NEVER backed off: Hillary never had more than 8 percent national support. This is something I said repeatedly: that Trump was always 80+ percent supported, and I never wavered and never once posted bullshit like OH, LET'S REJOICE, TRUMP IS AT 51 PERCENT! That was always a trap – a scam, to justify stealing the election – and I called it as it was. 

Our job is not over 

The rot is there. It is deeply rooted, with fungus roots running all the way through the country. One bottle of bleach is not going to do more than spot-clean the surface. We won this battle, and it is NOT time to sit down. The alt-media cannot rest until CNN and all of the rest of the MSM is either bankrupted or jailed. The alt-media CANNOT rest for as long as Google is allowed to wage war on websites like this one by refusing to allow it ads. If this website were allowed ads, it would easily self-fund with $12,000 plus per month (and would probably have more than $24,000 per month). Denial of ads just because someone disagrees and has a monopoly established via full control of various ad firms is a flagrant violation of antitrust laws, and has to be stopped dead cold. 

The alt-media cannot stop until every last criminal in the FBI is jailed BY THE FBI. I am sick of the bait tactics and false flag psyops fronted by that agency: heads have GOT TO ROLL, PILES OF THEM, especially since it has been proven that it was the FBI itself that did the first World Trade Center bombing, with the full intent to bring one of the towers down. That's the type of agency that has got to be shuttered – or we are all toast, Trump or not. Yeah, I know YOU, at the FBI, are reading this. GO TO HELL. 

Our job will not be over until the CIA is cleaned out. Our job is not over until the American Bar Association is disbanded as the criminal bloodsucking hive it is. Our job is not over until the top executives at the medical companies that produced the tainted autism-inflicting vaccines hang with stretched necks. Our job will not be over until every last liberal arts and women's studies department of all universities have their staffs jailed for treason. They gutted the home front in a manner which was horrific beyond belief. Our job is not over until all of America's great libraries are fully restored after being totally wiped out by the Jews, and ALL scientific journals and works once again become fully free and public domain. Our job will not be over until the child-snatching CPS is shut down and their feed for their slave trade is cut off. Our job will not be over until American corporations begin to fight for America, and bring our jobs and American quality back. 

The list of what the alt-media needs to accomplish now that it appears the first huge battle has been won is practically endless. But I believe the alt-media is up to the task, and will succeed as long as ONE THING IS CEMENTED IN STONE: 



JULIAN ASSANGE IS OBVIOUSLY DEAD. 

Consider these facts, and then figure the odds of him being alive: 

1. Wikileaks' DNS server was suddenly pointed elsewhere. That's right: that night, in the wee hours of the morning after Pamela was there (to poison him), police in an armored vehicle showed up at the embassy; and THAT NIGHT, the DNS server pointed to a different IP address for Wikileaks, and GOOGLE updated everything instantly, so the transfer was completely seamless from the real Wikileaks server to the fake Wikileaks server that was at a completely different IP address. 

2. Mr. Assange's subsequent tweets were noticeably more hostile and attacked his most loyal supporters. I reported this repeatedly. 

3. Mr. Assange's tweets regularly misspelled the names of some of his closest friends whom he has known for decades (Gavin McFadyen became McFayden, for example). McFadyen, 76, the director of Wikileaks, was found dead three days after Assange started having mystery problems. This is something I made a huge issue of here. 

4. Streams of disinformation were spewed. 

5. Themes supported by Mr. Assange for years were then knocked down or discredited by his subsequent tweets and communications. Very bad timing with that. Everyone with a brain noticed this, and it lit up the forums and blogs. 

6. ""Body double"" rumors have been circulated and documented. 

7. New, strange, hitherto unknown moderators of Wikileaks have suddenly been installed. 

8. His ""deadman switch"" WAS ACTIVATED BEFORE THE ARMORED VEHICLE EVEN SHOWED UP AT THE EMBASSY, which means Assange probably manually triggered it after he figured out he was poisoned. Much of his stored data and secret website PINs were to be released in the event of his untimely death (I released both deadman switches here, one encrypted and one unencrypted). 

All of this happened right after Pamela Anderson showed up with a lunch that was no doubt poisoned, and the media talked all about how Assange was ""pale"" and ""not feeling well"" when she left, and that he said the food Pamela brought him was ""torture"". Good for a laugh in the inside circles to have this go out on the MSM, no doubt. 

MY TAKE: ASSANGE WAS POISONED, AND THEN REMOVED FROM THE EMBASSY IN AN ARMORED VEHICLE. This was clearly visible in a live feed someone set up that night because something was amiss, and I saw that and stayed up the entire night for it. That is why I so strongly stated that he can't possibly still be at the embassy. Perhaps he got medical care to save him and is now being waterboarded. 

If the new ""wikileak releases"" are real, they are NOT coming from the Wikileaks server – only a re-direct to a different server in the name of Wikileaks. The IP address change proves it, and we can only hope it is white hats doing it. It seems so, but one can only guess. 

Related: 

Did Google Kill Julian Assange? ",0
8726,"Delingpole: The Pause in Global Warming Is Real, Admits Climategate Scientist","The ‘Pause’ in global warming is real and the computer models predicting dramatically increased temperatures have failed. [This is the shocking admission of a paper published this week in Nature Geoscience. It’s shocking because the paper’s lead author is none other than Ben Santer  —   one of the more vociferous and energetic alarmists exposed in the Climategate emails.  According to the paper’s abstract: In the early   century,   tropospheric warming trends were generally smaller than trends estimated from a large   ensemble. And: We conclude that model overestimation of tropospheric warming in the early   century is partly due to systematic deficiencies in some of the   external forcings used in the model simulations. Translation: the   temperature increases were much smaller than our spiffy, expensive computer models predicted. Its significance did not pass unnoticed by this veteran climate scientist: Wow! ”most early 21st century  …    model tropospheric warming is substantially larger than observed” https:  .     @RyanMaue,  —   Roger A. Pielke Sr (@RogerAPielkeSr) June 19, 2017,  His surprise is understandable given that, previously, alarmist scientists like Ben Santer have gone to great lengths to deny the existence of a ‘Pause’ in global warming, to pour scorn on those who have argued otherwise and to insist that their computer models are fundamentally reliable. Indeed, only last week the Spectator published an article by one such Pause Denier  —   a scientist from the University of East Anglia (ground zero of the Climategate scandal) fondly known as the University of Easy Access, named Phil Williamson. It is titled The Great Myth of the Global Warming Pause and it claims, somewhat imaginatively: The Paris agreement will be the future, whereas the     hiatus is already history. And let’s not forget that in the dog days of the Obama administration, alarmist scientists were so desperate to pooh pooh the “Pause” in the run up to the Paris climate talks that they concocted a junk science paper  —   now the subject of a federal investigation  —   which used dodgy data to try to airbrush the Pause out of history. Truly, as the Daily Caller notes, the alarmists’   on this subject has of late been remarkable. Do they believe in the ‘Pause’ (or ‘hiatus’ as they sometimes term it) or don’t they? Santer recently   a separate paper that purported to debunk statements EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt made that global warming had “leveled off. ” But Santer’s paper only evaluated a   and    portion of Pruitt’s statement by removing the term “hiatus. ” Moreover, climate scientists mocked Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz for talking about the global warming “hiatus” during a 2015 congressional hearing. Instead, activist scientists worked hard to airbrush the global warming slowdown from data records and advance media claim that it was a “myth. ” Santer and Carl Mears, who operate the Remote Sensing System satellite temperature dataset, authored a lengthy blog post in 2016 critical of Cruz’s contention there was an   “hiatus” in warming that climate models didn’t predict. The fact that Ben Santer is involved in this embarrassing retraction  —   his admission on the Pause is bad enough, but what the paper says about the unreliability of the computer models is breathtaking in its implications  —   will be particularly piquant to those who remember his prominent role in the Climategate emails. Santer revealed himself to be one of the nastier and more aggressive members of Michael Mann’s “Hockey” team when he emailed one of his colleagues: Next time I see Pat Michaels at a scientific meeting, I’ll be tempted to beat the crap out of him. Very tempted. (Climatologist Pat Michaels, now of the Cato Institute, incurred Santer’s wrath by being one of the first climate scientists to pour cold water on Catastrophic Anthropogenic Global Warming theory. In other words, Michaels made the disgusting,   error of using actual science and being right). But perhaps Santer’s lowest point was the occasion where he effectively hijacked one of the early IPCC Assessment Reports and ramped up the scaremongering in a way that had rather more to do with political activism than it did to science. I describe it in my book Watermelons: Ben who? Well quite. Unless his name rings a bell as the guy from the Climategate emails who wanted to “beat the crap out of” climate sceptic Pat Michaels, you almost certainly won’t have heard of him. Yet in the   this climate modeling nonenity was somehow placed in the extraordinary position of being able to dictate world opinion on global warming at the stroke of a pen. He achieved this in his role as “lead author” of Chapter 8 of the scientific working group report on the IPCC’s Second Assessment Report (SAR). Nothing to write home about there, you might think, except that Santer was personally responsible for by far the most widely reported sentence in the entire report: the one from the Summary for Policy Makers (the only part of the IPCC’s Assessment Report most people actually bother to read) claiming “the balance of evidence suggests that there is a discernible human influence on global climate. ” But was this line actually true? Was this really a fair summary  —   the kind of summary the IPCC purports rigorously and definitively to give of us  —   of the general state of scientific understanding at that particular moment? Er, well not according to some of the scientists who’d contributed to that chapter of the report, no. The original version of the chapter  —   as agreed on and signed off by all 28 contributing authors  —   expressed considerably more doubt about AGW than was indicated in Santer’s summary. It included these passages: “None of the studies cited above has shown clear evidence that we can attribute the observed changes to the specific cause of increases in greenhouse gases. ” “No study to date has positively attributed all or part (of the climate change observed) to ( ) causes. ” “Any claims of positive detection and attribution of significant climate change are likely to remain controversial until uncertainties in the total natural variability of the climate system are reduced. ” “When will an anthropogenic climate be identified? It is not surprising that the best answer to the question is “We do not know. ” Strangely, none of these passages made it to the final draft. They were among 15 deleted after the event by Santer, who also inserted a phrase entirely of his own to the effect that “the body of statistical evidence” now “points to a discernible human influence on climate. ” In other words the chapter did not represent the “consensus” position reached by 28 scientists. What it in fact represented was the scientifically unsupported opinion of one man, Benjamin D Santer. We climate rationalists do still get an awful lot of stick from the alarmists for our old fashioned belief that scientists should stick to the evidence and use actual data rather than plucking stuff from thin air based on their fanciful notions of what ought to be true or what might get them more  . How delightful it is to have it confirmed  —   albeit in the arid language of a science paper  —   that yet again are 100 percent correct.",0
8727,Ezekiel’s Wheel Ties African Spiritual Traditions to Christianity - The New York Times,"  have long been among the country’s most fervent Christians, from the choir to the pulpit to the affirming voices from every “amen corner. ” Their deep faith saw them through the trials of slavery and then a century of Jim Crow repression. Finally, it emboldened them to leave the sanctuary of their churches and join the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in a quest, his “dream,” for their full freedom and equality. Just when and how their ancestors broke with traditional African spirit practices and adopted Christianity has never been fully resolved. Now archaeologists in Maryland have announced the discovery of an intact set of objects that they interpret as religious symbols  —   traditional ones from Africa, mixed with what they believe to be a biblical image: a representation of Ezekiel’s Wheel. No one had found this combination of religious artifacts before, said Mark P. Leone, a University of Maryland archaeologist who led the discovery team. “Christianity had not erased traditional African spirit practices,” he concluded. ”It had merged with them to form a potent blend that still thrives today. ” Two of Dr. Leone’s graduate students, Benjamin A. Skolnik and Elizabeth Pruitt, made the discovery and excavated the artifacts, which were just below the surface where a tenant farmer’s house once stood on land of a former plantation near Easton, Md. That was four years ago. Dr. Leone and others familiar with the religious history of   then sought to interpret what they had found. In the late 18th century, Methodist Episcopal and later African Methodist Episcopal (A. M. E.) preachers carried the Christian message to the plantations on Maryland’s Eastern Shore. They seemed to have been successful converting slaves, in part by giving new meaning to traditional symbols. For example, a powerful symbol from the BaKongo belief system in West Central Africa, where many of the slaves came from, was the cosmogram, a circle with an X inside.   repurposed these materials because they had symbolic value as well in the form of Ezekiel’s blazing chariot wheel, Dr. Pruitt said. The wheel imagery is described in the Book of Ezekiel 10: : “And when I looked, behold the four wheels by the cherubim, one wheel by one cherub, and another wheel by another cherub and the appearance of the wheels was as the color of aberyl stone. And as for their appearances, the four had one likeness, as if a wheel had been in the midst of a wheel. ” The   image in the Book of Ezekiel and the cosmogram, Dr. Pruitt suggested, “represented the universe, and the path we travel through this world and the afterlife” and “it stands for the enduring connections between this world and the next, the power from above and below. ” For the first time, the two circle images had been found together virtually side by side. It seems that the Christian preachers had discovered the powerful resonance the wheel image held for  . One of the most popular spirituals among people in A. M. E. churches and camp meetings on the Eastern Shore is “’Zekiel Saw the Wheel. ” ‘Zekiel saw de wheel, way up in the middle of the air‘Zekiel saw de wheel, way up in the middle of the airDe big wheel run by faith, little wheel by the grace of GodWheel in a wheel, way in de middle of de air.’ An A. M. E. bishop in the 19th century, Daniel Payne, wrote that the circle and wheel imagery extended the “Ring Shout,” in which participants move counterclockwise singing and dancing at camp meetings. This motion is in the same direction as the cycle of life in the cosmogram. It was said that “sinners won’t get converted unless there is a ring here, a ring there, a ring over yonder, or sinners will not get converted. ” The artifacts gathered by Dr. Leone’s team are on display at a new exhibition at the University of Maryland’s Hornbake Library. The display, “Frederick Douglass  Wye House: Archaeology and African American Culture in Maryland” runs through July 2017, Monday through Saturday, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.",0
8728,"Assad Says The ""Boy In The Ambulance"" Is Fake - This Proves It","Assad Says The ""Boy In The Ambulance"" Is Fake - This Proves It 
Did the viral photo feature a child actor who has already been photographed 'being rescued' before? Donate! Originally appeared at The Moon of Alabama 
From an interview with the Syrian President Bashar Assad by the Swiss SRF 1 TV Channel published October 19 2016: Journalist: This young boy has become the symbol of the war. I think that you know this picture. 
President Assad: Of course I saw it. 
Journalist: His name is Omran. Five years old. 
President Assad: Yeah. 
Journalist: Covered with blood, scared, traumatized. Is there anything you would like to say to Omran and his family? 
President Assad: There’s something I would like to say to you first of all, because I want you to go back after my interview, and go to the internet to see the same picture of the same child, with his sister, both were rescued by what they call them in the West “White Helmets” which is a facelift of al-Nusra in Aleppo. They were rescued twice, each one in a different incident, and just as part of the publicity of those White Helmets. None of these incidents were true. You can have it manipulated, and it is manipulated. I’m going to send you those two pictures, and they are on the internet, just to see that this is a forged picture, not a real one. We have real pictures of children being harmed, but this one in specific is a forged one. 
Assad was half wrong. The picture, printed on page 1 of newspapers all over the ""western"" world, was not ""forged"". It is a real picture from a White Helmet ""rescue"" video distributed by the Aleppo Media Center (AMC) (which is funded by the French French Ministry of Foreign Affairs). But the scene was carefully staged and we immediately recognized it as staged when it appeared. It was staged like many other ""rescue"" scenes with ""kids saved"" by the U.S./UK/D/J/NL financed White Helmets and their associated media. 
Look for yourself, trust your eyes. 
The ""boy in an ambulance"" scene features two identifiable kids. Omran and his sister. 
Below are pictures of what we believe are the same kids in different scenes. 
Here is the girl at another occasion. We will call this scene 1: 
The Houston Chronicle reported about this scene and the picture carries this caption: An 8-year-old girl named Aya calls out for her father after an airstrike in Syrian on Monday, Oct. 10, 2016. 
This combined one is captioned: Left: 8-year-old Aya in her everyday life in Syria. Right: 8-year-old Aya after an airstrike in Syria. 
Notice the age as well as the girl's favorite colors - light turquoise and pink. Compared to the left picture the hair on the right looks powdered and artificially teased. While there is trickle of ""blood"" on her face and on her dress no wound is visible. 
The Chronicle story is sourced to CNN which includes a short (staged) video and adds: The video and images were posted online by a pro-opposition activist group, Talbiseh Media Center. 
It shows an 8-year-old girl in a medical facility, her hair and body covered with dust. There's blood tricking down her forehead, her nose. She looks confused and scared and keeps calling out for her father....Aya was pulled from under rubble along with her family members when an airstrike hit their home in Talbiseh on Monday. Talbiseh, a large town in northwestern Syria, is about 10 kilometers north of Homs. 
A screenshot detail from the video: 
The ""blood"" looks remarkably glossy, unlike natural blood which dries and looks dull pretty fast. The uni-color shirt the girl wears has no arms. 
Now the same girl in a different ""rescue"" scene. We will call this scene 2. 
whstatist1-1.jpg 
The truck in the background has a ""White Helmets"" logo on the door. 
A detail of the above picture. It is the same girl as in scene 1. The hair again seems powdered and teased: 
Notice: Same habitus, same appearance, same wild hair as in scene 1; no visible wounds; turquoise shirt but with short arms; jeans with glitter 
Here is the girl at scene 2 in an ambulance: 
Same shirt and pants as above, no wounds, no pain and not attended to by anybody. Compare this with the video capture of scene 1 the Chronicle and CNN reported on. We strongly believe it is the same girl. 
Now what seems to be a different take of scene 2. A ""White Helmet"" carries the girl and a boy. Notice the same clothing as in the other scene 2 pics above. The pic as well as some of the above from scene 2 was running in the Daily Mail on August 27. The incident is claimed to be the aftermath of a ""barrel bombing"" in the Bab al-Nairab neighborhood in east-Aleppo. 
Why would two different men carry and ""rescue"" the girl. She, like the boy, looks fine - same cloth as above, no wounds, no damage to the extremities, no crying - just curiosity. 
A detail of the faces in that picture: 
A detail of the boy's face: 
Now to the ""boy in an ambulance"" scene. The boy and the reportedly 8-year old girl on August 17 in the Qaterji neighborhood in east Aleppo introduced as ""Omran Daqneesh and his sister."" (pic source ): 
The just ""rescued"" kids sit quietly but completely unattended to in a brand-new €100,000 ambulance. No shock therapy was initiated, no Trendelberg position or at least laying down flat. No one talks to them despite half a dozen photographers being around them. 
Details of the kids - here the boy has the powdered and teased ""wild hair"" look. 
Are these the same kids as in scene 2 above? 
President Assad believes they are. 
We agree. We also believe that all three scenes above are staged. The girl is the same in all three scenes. Her younger brother appears in scene 2 and 3. The White Helmets apparently ""rescued"" the girl in three different incidents on or about August 17, August 27 and October 10 in three different locations. 
Isn't that a remarkably elysian miracle? 
Or is it all part of the serial production of elaborately staged anti-Syrian propaganda? Delivered by a marketing organization (vid) funded by ""western"" governments and various similar financed opposition ""media organizations"". 
Trust your eyes.  ",0
8729,ManTracker: How to Be One and How to Avoid One – 10/31/16,"ManTracker: How to Be One and How to Avoid One Jeremiah Johnson 
ReadyNutrition Readers, we’re going to cover some of the basics on how to track man, and some tips on how to keep from being tracked by men . All of your camouflage is to no avail if you are awakened by a boot kicking you in the ribs as you’re curled up in your sleeping bag in a hidey-hole. Please keep in mind: this is a post-SHTF action and/or a life-threatening situation that would call for the tracking of another human being. Man is the Most Dangerous Creature of All 
Be aware: this is not deer-hunting or tracking a game animal . The rules are different, because a deer won’t double back on you, climb a cliff, and snipe you with a suppressed .308 as you cross a predetermined, pre-ranged spot. If you are adept at tracking game, these skills can help you, but keep in mind you’re tracking the most dangerous, intelligent, and resourceful creature of all: man. You’re tracking down a creature with the natural and learned instincts of a hundred thousand generations of hunters and killers…no matter what culture or creed. Man is the most dangerous creature of all. Never forget that. Respect the potential of the guy or gal you’re tracking. Respect it, and let it temper your emotions and judgment as you’re tracking. 
To track a man, you need to be aware of your surroundings, the changes in it, and use deductive reasoning all in combination as you’re moving. There are some questions you always need to ask yourself as you are following a man as well as observations you must make: Are you keeping aware of the potential for ambush? Most people don’t like to be followed, and in a SHTF situation you can bet the other guy is playing for keeps. Are you walking right into a trap? As you study the terrain in front of you, are you “gaming” it in your mind? Remember Rule #1: the hunter can (and often does) become the hunted at any time . 
NOTE: THIS QUESTION # 1 AND RULE # 1 BOTH APPLY CONCURRENTLY AT ALL TIMES! THEY ACCOMPANY AND SUPERCEDE ALL OF THE SUBSEQUENT QUESTIONS AND RULES! Minor deviations in the terrain (path) that would not normally be there: Broken hardwood branches at chest or head height, broken or “moved/displaced” vegetation, the tracks on the ground, bark rubbed from the face of fallen logs…. all of these are good indications that man has come this way. Major deviations in the terrain/path : perhaps a small mound of earth in the woods with what appears to be a “dent” followed by a long groove and crushed grass to either side…a good indicator your quarry stepped on the mound and slipped. Perhaps some good-sized trees chopped down, or good sized branches removed with an edged tool. These could be either fighting positions/lean-to’s/fortifications, or ground cover respectively. Look for signs of the hand of man where it is obvious. Changes to the earth . This means the ground . You’ve been tracking your quarry through a swamp, and now you emerge in a grassy field. Look for signs of tracks, and for mud to be tracked through the grass as well. If you’ve been walking through a dry riverbank with clay for a bed, then the color of clay will show up in front of you in the tracks of your target. Trash/detritus . Man is a messy creature, and no matter how careful he always messes up. It could be a food wrapper, or a cigarette butt he forgot to tote out with him. It could be a piece of paper or a dropped tool or even ammunition. It could also be part of a meal…even something so innocuous as crumbs. Your job as the tracker is to spot these deviances as they come out to meet your eyes. Smell . Man is (especially after several days in the bush or after physical exertion) a stinky creature. Yes, you can smell many things of man: his sweat, his deodorants and perfumes, his tobacco products (you can smell a cigarette for a long distance in the woods), and, of course, his stool. This last one (don’t laugh) is a really good giveaway, as most people will relieve themselves and not worry about covering up what they produce. This is not mentioned relative to hygiene, however, but in relation to tracking. Such people not caring about how they relieve themselves won’t give much consideration to someone using it to trail them. Noise . Man is, indeed, a noisy creature. He breathes heavily, belches, flatulates, grunts, groans, complains, talks loudly, and snores. All of these can be used to your advantage to find your quarry. He also drops things, bangs and bumps into things, and clatters metal against metal. He falls down, breaking branches and he curses or moans, depending on how badly he hurts himself. He also communicates to his fellow humans, either with a radio or with his voice. Light Discipline : man is as stubborn as they come on this one. Those flashlights are never “red lensed” and kept under a poncho or jacket as they should be…just everyone flashing the lights all over the place. Same for the cigarettes. Instead of cupping their hands around them and keeping the cigs low, there’s that orange dot right out to your front, head height. Man loves to use the flashlight when he’s moving around at night. It can be his undoing, and to your advantage if you look for your quarry being careless with the light. Changes to the quarry’s flight . A hunted man will always know he is being hunted. You need to be aware of an increased pace, a change of direction, changes in elevation…all factors that will indicate either distress or concern on the part of your quarry. The pace change can be noticed by footprints, especially the distance widening or shortening between them. Widening means he’s taking off. Shortening means the terrain is becoming more difficult or he’s tiring, or both. The runner usually uses the balls of his feet with a shallow heel-print. The walker sets his heels into the soil more deeply. Tread Depth : we covered this a little in #9, and in addition, if the guy has a size nine boot print and is really sinking into the earth? Well, he’s probably carrying some serious stuff in the form of supplies and/or weapons. 
If your search is proceeding too well and too smoothly? It’s an ambush . We’ve covered these fundamentals, because believe it or not, it is easier to avoid the hunter if you first have been the hunter. What we just covered forms the basis for avoiding someone who is pursuing you. Believe it or not, you can practice this stuff in the woods with family and/or team members. It makes for both a good workout and a challenge to actually implement stuff you learn. Part Two we’ll focus on how to get away from the bad guys trying to find you. Until then keep studying and practicing. It’ll pay off in the end…especially after the SHTF. JJ out! 
Jeremiah Johnson is the Nom de plume of a retired Green Beret of the United States Army Special Forces (Airborne). Mr. Johnson was a Special Forces Medic, EMT and ACLS-certified, with comprehensive training in wilderness survival, rescue, and patient-extraction. He is a Certified Master Herbalist and a graduate of the Global College of Natural Medicine of Santa Ana, CA. A graduate of the U.S. Army’s survival course of SERE school (Survival Evasion Resistance Escape), Mr. Johnson also successfully completed the Montana Master Food Preserver Course for home-canning, smoking, and dehydrating foods. 
Mr. Johnson dries and tinctures a wide variety of medicinal herbs taken by wild crafting and cultivation, in addition to preserving and canning his own food. An expert in land navigation, survival, mountaineering, and parachuting as trained by the United States Army, Mr. Johnson is an ardent advocate for preparedness, self-sufficiency, and long-term disaster sustainability for families. He and his wife survived Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath. Cross-trained as a Special Forces Engineer, he is an expert in supply, logistics, transport, and long-term storage of perishable materials, having incorporated many of these techniques plus some unique innovations in his own homestead. 
Mr. Johnson brings practical, tested experience firmly rooted in formal education to his writings and to our team. He and his wife live in a cabin in the mountains of Western Montana with their three cats. This information has been made available by Ready Nutrition",0
8730,Trump will win November 8 election: American professor,"Trump will win November 8 election: American professor Trump will win November 8 election: American professor By 0 55 
US Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will win the November 8 election, says an American professor who correctly predicted almost every presidential election in the United States. 
Professor Helmut Norpoth, of New York’s SUNY Stony Brook University, said his model shows Trump performed comparatively better in the primaries so he will triumph next month, The Independent reported on Thursday. 
Norpoth developed a model which, when applied retroactively, successfully predicted every presidential election in the United States since 1912 all but one, which was the 2000 election, when it said Democratic nominee Al Gore would beat Republican candidate George W. Bush. But instead Bush won the election. 
Al Gore won the popular vote, but Bush was awarded more votes in the Electoral College following a disputed result in Florida. So Bush was declared winner. 
The political scientist’s model suggests that the person who emerges as the …",0
8731,Almost 100 Missing After Boat Carrying Migrants Sinks Off Libyan Coast,"Get short URL 0 18 0 0 As many as 97 people are missing after a boat carrying more than 100 migrants sank off the Libyan shore, a spokesman of the Libyan coast guard told Sputnik. 
TRIPOLI (Sputnik) – According to spokesman Ayoub Qassem, the vessel carrying 126 people sank on Wednesday 26 miles away from the lighthouse of Tajura and was spotted by a tanker which alerted the coastguard. As many as 29 people were rescued by the tanker. © AFP 2016/ ITALIAN NAVY 2016 Shows Record Number of Refugee Deaths in Mediterranean ""The coast guard … is looking for the remaining missing persons, the number of whom is estimated at 97,"" Qassem said. 
Europe is currently struggling to cope with a massive refugee influx, with hundreds of thousands of refugees and migrants fleeing conflict-torn countries in the Middle East and North Africa. According to the UN refugee agency, the Mediterranean Sea claimed over 3,600 lives last year. ...",0
8732,Comment on Respected Journalist Bill Moyers Is First High-Profile American To Flee U.S. After Trump’s Election by Sue Penn (@SuePennonTwitte),"adobochron 1 Comment Moyers 
WASHINGTON, D.C. ( The Adobo Chronicles, Washington Bureau) – Billy Don “Bill” Moyers is an American journalist and political commentator who served as White House Press Secretary in the Johnson administration from 1965 to 1967. He also worked as a network TV news commentator for ten years. Moyers has been extensively involved with public broadcasting, producing documentaries and news journal programs. He has won numerous awards and honorary degrees for his investigative journalism and civic activities and has become well known as a trenchant critic of the corporately structured U.S. news media. 
Well, he is the first high-profile American to flee the U.S. as a result of the election of Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States. 
Here is Moyers’“ Farewell to America. ”",0
8733,The Best Iran Deal Is Unilateral Hands-Off Iran,"Written by Michael S. Rozeff Wednesday November 16, 2016 Trump wants to renegotiate the Iran nuclear deal and/or “dismantle” it. Why? What good does this do Americans? Why not continue to follow the path of peaceful trade and cultural exchange? Why not continue to build mutual respect and understanding with this historic nation with its rich culture and peace-loving people?It was wrong to have imposed crippling sanctions on Iran. It was wrong to have treated Iran as an enemy. That only creates an enemy. It was right to have removed those sanctions. It is wrong to commit America against Iran because of Iran’s frictions with Israel. America should not be the protector of Israel. America should not be protecting NATO countries either or Taiwan or South Korea or Japan. If government has any basic purpose, it is to protect the rights and persons under its charge. This doesn’t include protecting foreign nations or attempting to create a safe world everywhere on the faulty theory that this makes America safe.Trump wants to pressure Iran further on its nuclear activities. That’s why he wants to renegotiate. He assumes that the US has a right to control Iran’s defense and military position; but the US has no such right. Trump cannot renegotiate without either threatening to reimpose sanctions or actually doing it again.Trump assumes that suppressing Iran in this way will be a good thing. He thinks it’s smart to make sure that Iran cannot have a nuclear bomb and to force it not to. Is it smart? What if pushing Iran into a corner, a humiliating corner, causes Iran to become more militant and more likely to develop a nuclear weapon or ally with some country that has one or develop alternatives that are just about as devastating? What if such moves on the part of Iran cause countermoves in Saudi Arabia and Israel? Why doesn’t Trump leave well enough alone? What does breaking the deal wide open accomplish that is so sure and so beneficial that it outweighs reinstating Iran as an enemy and restoring her as a constant source of trouble?We will surely be hearing any number of criticisms of the existing deal from the Trump camp. The idea will be that Iran got the better of the Obama and the US and that secret understandings were reached that allow Iran too much latitude. But all such criticisms are irrelevant and beside the point. These details don’t matter. What matters is the basic posture of the US government toward Iran. Will Iran be treated as a junior state and people to be browbeaten and sanctioned for the ends, however mistaken, of the US? Or will the US build upon the existing agreement? 
However flawed it is from the perspective of reducing Iran’s nuclear capacity to nil, that agreement comes closer to the ideal deal. The ideal is a unilateral hands-off policy with respect to Iran. Let Iran alone. Stop bothering Iran. There’s nothing in it for the US to be bothering Iran, nothing but more and worse trouble. Reprinted with permission from LewRockwell.com . Related",0
8734,Podesta emails reveal extent of Bill Clinton’s ‘for profit’ activities,"Podesta emails reveal extent of Bill Clinton’s ‘for profit’ activities Podesta emails reveal extent of Bill Clinton’s ‘for profit’ activities By 0 32 
Conflicts of interest between Bill Clinton and the Clinton Foundation, as well as the former president’s “for profit” activities and acceptance of “expensive gifts” have been revealed in WikiLeaks’ Podesta emails. 
One of the emails released by the whistleblowing site from the account of Hillary Clinton’s campaign chair, John Podesta, includes a November 2011 email chain between Podesta and Douglas Band, a former Foundation fundraiser and long time adviser to the Clintons. 
Band attaches a 12 page document detailing the many ways Bill Clinton had conflicts of interest with the Foundation and his “for profit” activities. 
Band is co-founder of global PR consulting firm Teneo and worked as Bill Clinton’s personal assistant during his presidency. Teneo had raised millions for the Foundation while also working for Bill Clinton’s personal interests when he was a paid adviser to the company. In 2012, Clinton’s position changed to “friend and unpaid adviser” to Teneo as well as being a client of the company. 
Previous Podesta emails have shown that at the time of the memo, Chelsea Clinton was concerned about Band’s conflicts of interests between his work at the Foundation and Teneo. She accused Brand and Teneo co-founder Declan Kelly of profiting off her father and the foundation. 
Shortly after, Band penned the memo to show how Bill Clinton had his own conflicts of interest. 
The memo, addressed to lawyers that were working on a review of the foundation, refers to “Bill Clinton Inc.” to describe “more than $50 million for-profit activity we have personally helped to secure for President Clinton to date or the $66 million in future contracts, should he choose to continue with those engagements.” This includes $3 million paid to Bill Clinton for speeches given to clients of the company. 
Band said his role as “primary fundraiser for the Foundation for the past 11 years” and his work at Teneo allowed him and Kelly to encourage clients to contribute to the Foundation. “Through our efforts, we have brought new donors to the Foundation and garnered increased giving from existing donors,” he said. 
He says he also obtained “in-kind services for the President and his family – for personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the like.” 
The memo had been discussed in an earlier release by WikiLeaks but no file was attached. In these emails, Band refers to a conflict of interest policy he signed as a board member of the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI). 
READ MORE: #Podesta emails: Bill Clinton & Obama worked to influence EU’s Greece austerity deal 
“Teneo represents 4 cgi sponsors, 3 of which teneo brought to cgi. Oddly, wjc [Bill Clinton] does not have to sign such a document even though he is personally paid by 3 cgi sponsors, gets many expensive gifts from them, some that are at home,” he says. 
The memo shows examples of companies paying Bill Clinton directly when they were also donors to the Foundation. 
For profit education firm Laureate’s relationship with the Foundation “evolved into a personal advisory services business relationship for President Clinton,” Band wrote. According to the memo, Laureate paid Bill Clinton $3.5 million a year to advise and be the honorary chairman. Clinton was honorary chancellor / chair from 2010 until 2015, and was paid over $16 million. 
Brand says Dubai-headquartered GEMS Education approached Clinton in 2009 to seek his personal services as an adviser to the company and Band “convinced them to initiate a relationship to the Foundation, which they did.” Bill Clinton has made more than $5.6 million for his role with GEMS, AP reports . 
Coca Cola gave $4.3 million to the Foundation and promised $2 million more over seven years, the memo reads. According to Band, Kelly introduced Bill Clinton to CEO Muhtar Kent in 2009 at a meeting at Clinton’s home. 
“Over the course of 2009, Mr. Kelly cultivated Mr. Kent’s interest in the Foundation — first in CGI and the Foundation. Mr. Kelly asked Mr. Kent to give $5 million to the Foundation, which he pledged in early 2010.” 
Coca Cola has donated between $5-10 million to the Foundation. A set of emails released by DCLeaks this month show the Clinton campaign backed away from her comments on a soda tax in April following angry emails from the company. 
“Really??? After all we have done,” Coke’s Clyde Tuggle emailed on April 20 to Sarah Latham, Podesta’s current chief of staff and Capr icia Marshall, who has consulted for the Clinton campaign. “I hope this has been falsely reported. Pls give me some talking points for Muhtar [Muhtar Kent, Coke’s CEO] in the am.” 
According to the memo, Dow Chemical has given $780,000 to the Foundation. Kelly invited CEO Andrew Liveris to play golf with Clinton in 2009 and then asked Dow to sponsor CGI. Dow donated $150,000 to the Foundation “for President Clinton to attend a Dow dinner in Davos,” Band said. 
Swiss financial services company UBS was told to donate to the Foundation before booking Bill Clinton for speeches. “In addition to the $540,000 UBS contributed to the Foundation, Teneo partners have secured a commitment from UBS for President Clinton to deliver three additional paid speeches for them in 2012, should he choose to do so.” 
UBS paid Bill Clinton $540,000 for speeches in 2011. 
Kelly also “urged and ensured” the American Ireland Fund would be a “significant donor to the Foundation,” and successfully secured “$350,000 to date,” the memo reads. 
A section of the memo titled “For profit activity of President Clinton” details how the company helps Clinton “secure and engage in for-profit activities, including speeches, books, and advisory service engagements” 
Band says he and Justin Cooper have “personally helped to secure” over $50 million for the former President and have brought business deals for advisory services to Clinton. 
The memo shows Teneo secured a number of speeches for Clinton including telecommunications company Ericsson paying Clinton $750,000 plus $400,000 for a private plane to speak in Hong Kong. 
Teneo cultivated its client relationship with bank Barclays to help secure two paid speeches in 2010 and 2011 totaling more than $700,000. 
The conflict between Band and Chelsea resulted in the well documented “spoiled brat” comment Band made as revealed in earlier batches of the Podesta email leak. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.",0
8735,Sympathy for the Blue Devils? Maybe This Year - The New York Times,"DURHAM, N. C.  —   As North Carolina State’s star freshman, Dennis Smith Jr.   down Coach K Court one last time on Monday night to put an exclamation point on the Wolfpack’s   upset of the Blue Devils, many sports fans received an opportunity to take up one of their favorite pastimes: hating Duke. For Duke students and supporters, the reaction to the program’s first loss to N. C. State at Cameron Indoor Stadium since 1995  —   before some of them were born  —   was different. “It was a really tough one,” Richard Liu, a senior who attended the game, wrote in an email, “because N. C. State is a team we really should have beaten, especially at home. ” It has been a rare year of disappointments for Duke. The Blue Devils began the season at No. 1 but lost the top ranking before Thanksgiving. At times, they have been without their best player, Grayson Allen (suspended for tripping an opponent) several promising freshmen from their   recruiting class (injuries) and their Hall of Fame Coach, Mike Krzyzewski (lost to a back operation this month, and still out). Those misfortunes, of course, mean it has also been a rare year of schadenfreude for many outside Duke. But perhaps there is something to be said for what Duke offers its fans. At a time when entire segments of the country have retreated into private echo chambers of elation or fear, sports is not a terrible place to try to put oneself in another’s shoes. Call it sympathy for the Blue Devils. “Imagine how you’d feel if you’d gone to school there or if you played there,” said Jay Bilas, an ESPN commentator who played for Duke in the 1980s and later was an assistant coach for the Blue Devils. “Like, it’s a blast. ” It is true that other fan bases  —   almost all of them, actually  —   are more in need of a   . Since 1985  —   the year the N. C. A. A. tournament expanded to 64 teams and college basketball began its climb to the status of national spectacle  —   Duke has been the country’s most successful program, with 12 Final Four appearances and five national titles. In recent years, at least, it has also been the most popular, according to the Harris Poll. Other polarizing teams’ pitches to casual fans are aggressively inclusive witness the Yankees’ rechristening as America’s team after the Sept. 11 attacks or the Dallas Cowboys’ gargantuan Xanadu, ATT Stadium. But Duke, a tidy private university ranked eighth in U. S. News  World Report’s list of America’s top colleges, with a team led by a coach who moralizes about the realities of college basketball even as he benefits from them, seems to revel in its superiority. (One student’s sign at Monday night’s game read, “North Carolina State is the North Carolina State of basketball. ”) The student section at Duke frequently serves as the university’s   chest to a national audience. The Cameron Crazies, filling up the risers on the western side of the arena, are aggressive in trying to knock opposing players  . Sometimes, as when they chant, “You let the whole team down,” after poor plays, they are fair and funny other times, they have pushed the envelope, even crossed lines. When a sign targeted a North Carolina player with the words “J. R. Can’t Reid” in 1988, Tar Heels Coach Dean Smith argued the taunt had racial undertones. When Duke hosted Michigan State this season, one sign mocked the continuing   crisis in Flint, Mich.: “The water tastes better in North Carolina. ” (A Duke basketball spokesman condemned that sign.) Duke students also continue to produce cheer sheets for games that, on one side, contain   dirt  —   opposition research. Monday night’s dirt sheet included the email address of one Wolfpack player, a past criminal charge against another and the suggestion that a third could be taunted for his first name. Michael Schoenfeld, a Duke spokesman, said the university would not “hesitate to criticize things that legitimately deserve criticism,” but he insisted that college students were roughly the same at all colleges and that   vitriol was a response to the university’s athletic and academic accomplishments. “The people who are supporters of Duke and like Duke understand what this university is and can do,” Schoenfeld said, “and that will inevitably create some friction or backlash. So be it. ” The Duke dynamic has been magnified this season with the blossoming of Allen, the team’s most compelling villain in nearly three decades. His infamy outside Durham is equaled only by that of a player so despised that he became the subject of an ESPN documentary titled “I Hate Christian Laettner. ” Allen is a junior whom some pegged as a strong contender for player of the year. But he has provoked public ire by tripping opponents at least three times in the past two seasons. The most recent incident, against Elon on Dec. 21, prompted a   suspension, the loss of his captaincy and a news media firestorm that longtime Duke observers labeled unprecedented. “I’ve never seen anything like this,” Bilas said. “It feels different. ” Yet to walk past the   tent city of Krzyzewskiville and into the preposterously tiny Cameron on a January evening is to understand why Duke inspires passion not only among its detractors. “Because Duke is a relatively small school, you feel like you are personally invested in it, because when you see the players around campus, they really feel like classmates,” said Tara Bansal, the student government president. The fact that students will put down stakes  —   up to 100 tents  —   for several weeks for a chance at prime seating inside Cameron (particularly for games against North Carolina) is an indisputable testament to the students’ zeal. One must be zealous  —   and drunk on one’s youth (and perhaps other things)  —   to spend dozens of nights in an unheated tent for the sake of a good view. And although one might scoff at the tent city  —   which, given Duke’s demographics, is sort of like an Occupy Wall Street for, rather than against, the 1 percent  —   tent life is rough. According to byzantine rules, tents must be occupied at all times and are subject to   by line monitors. The only bathrooms are in an adjacent gym. On Monday night, the ground near the tents was muddy. Many of the   city’s denizens could be seen huddled in their canvas shelters reading thick textbooks. “We’ve got ” said Evi Alexopoulos, a freshman whose tent’s rules require her to spend several nights there every week. “Outlets are hard to find. ” Among the rewards, though, are the prime seats in Cameron, which, with an official capacity of 9, 314, is half the size of North Carolina’s Dean Smith Center and significantly smaller than the home arenas of nearly every other college program of Duke’s pedigree and popularity. “There isn’t a bad seat,” said Herb Neubauer, who is known as Crazy Towel Guy for his practice of waving a towel to rile the crowd from his seat in the upper deck. Even so, student attendance is down this season, according to The Duke Chronicle  —   most likely part of a general trend in college sports  —   and loyalties have been tested by the furor over Allen. “I have good friends at Syracuse, so I get bullied,” said Kit Devine, a freshman. “Grayson has been a pretty big deal. ” The season is hardly lost. Duke is   and still in the top 25, although it needs to get healthy, both on the court and on the sideline. Allen needs to return to the attacking style that made him a    . Jayson Tatum, Marques Bolden and Harry Giles, the heralded freshmen who missed time with injuries, need to develop a better feel for the college game. But even the prospect of a disappointing season  —   more drama questions about the longevity of Krzyzewski, who turns 70 next month a lackluster postseason performance despite lofty preseason expectations  —   is unlikely to bring the Cameron Crazies back to sanity. “I get what they’re saying,” Alexopoulos, the   freshman, said of the haters. But, she added, “I wouldn’t question my passion. ”",0
8736,News Shot: Electronic Voting Machines Rigged for Clinton Victory,"Joe Joseph discusses a recent SHTFPlan.com article that shows rampant electronic voting machine manipulation nationwide.

Watch on YouTube 
Related reading: Electronic Voting Machines Caught Switching Trump Votes To Hillary: “Trying to Steal Texas” Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Lily Dane of The Daily Sheeple . 
Lily Dane is a staff writer for The Daily Sheeple. Her goal is to help people to “Wake the Flock Up!” ",0
8737,"4 Zika Cases in Florida Were Likely Spread by Local Mosquitoes, C.D.C. Says - The New York Times","Four cases of Zika infection in Florida are very likely to have been caused by mosquitoes there, the State Department of Health said Friday  —   the first documented instances of local transmission in the continental United States. “Zika is now here,” Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said at a news briefing. The C. D. C. and Florida officials said that for now, the area of concern is limited to one square mile in the Wynwood neighborhood of Miami, a gentrifying area with restaurants and art galleries just north of downtown. Health authorities are not advising people to stay away from the neighborhood, Dr. Frieden said. The four people appear to have been infected in early July since then, mosquito control efforts have been stepped up in the area, and additional cases have not been identified. “We don’t currently see a situation where we would advise people not to travel there or advise pregnant women not to travel there,” Dr. Frieden said. But he said that this advice could change if the number of cases increased substantially. “We would not be surprised if individual additional cases are reported,” he said. And because Zika infection often does not produce any symptoms, “there may be more cases than we know of now. ” The Florida cases signal a new stage in an epidemic that has left a trail of birth defects in Brazil and strained health care resources throughout Latin America. The epidemic is raging in Puerto Rico, C. D. C. officials reported last week: Two percent of blood donors there have been recently infected, and hundreds of pregnant women have tested positive. Researchers had long predicted that the Zika virus would gain a toehold in the continental United States, most likely in Florida and along the Gulf Coast. While the outbreak is not expected to escalate sharply, its course is uncertain. There are now more than 1, 600 confirmed Zika cases in the continental United States. Until the announcement on Friday, all of them had been a result of travel abroad: The virus was contracted either by a mosquito bite elsewhere or by intercourse with someone who had been to a   area. None of the four patients in Miami had traveled to   areas in Latin America or the Caribbean. After interviewing more than 200 people, Florida health authorities have apparently concluded that none were infected through other means. Dr. Frieden said that the one woman and three men, residents of   and Broward Counties, were not related, but that all had been in a section of Wynwood around the time they were infected in early July. At least two were working at different sites in the neighborhood, which had “conditions that can spread Zika,” such as standing water that can attract mosquitoes. Officials declined to say if the infected woman was pregnant. Zika infection is mild for most people, but in a developing fetus, it can cause a condition called microcephaly, characterized by abnormally small heads and brain damage. In rare cases in adults, it can also cause a form of temporary paralysis. Gov. Rick Scott said in a statement that none of the four “exhibited symptoms to be admitted to the hospital. ” No mosquitoes tested in Florida have been found carrying the Zika virus, but Dr. Frieden said that was not surprising. “Confirming   transmission is not as easy as confirming infection,” he said. Although the Aedes aegypti mosquito, which transmits the Zika virus, cannot travel far  —   its range is a maximum of 150 meters or a little under 500 feet  —   finding individual mosquitoes carrying the virus would be a rare stroke of investigative luck, he said. Since the cases were identified, health workers have been going door to door in the neighborhood collecting urine samples for testing of residents. The Food and Drug Administration this week halted blood donations in South Florida until they can be screened for Zika infection. If Florida mosquitoes were infected, health officials said, it is likely to be because they bit someone in Florida who had traveled to Latin America and been infected by a   mosquito bite there. Two prominent public health experts had sharply different opinions about the C. D. C’s decision against advising pregnant women to avoid travel to the area. Dr. William Schaffner, head of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University medical school, said the decision was rational. “Two weeks give you a comfort zone,” he said. “If the sense is that the problem has been taken care of and the hazard has been reduced to background level again, then, in the absence of further transmission, I think that’s reasonable. ” But Dr. Peter J. Hotez, dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, said he thought the C. D. C. was wrong to treat a cluster of Zika cases as if it were a cluster of dengue or chikungunya, two related viruses carried by the same breed of mosquito. “This virus doesn’t play by the same rules,” he said. “I think they should tell them: If you’re pregnant or planning to be, don’t travel to the Miami area unless you have to. If you’re in the area, delay getting pregnant during the period when arbovirus transmission peaks, which is the end of July to the beginning of September. And then we’ll see what happens. ” The Wynwood area contains a mix of warehouses, restaurants, bars, galleries, and its housing ranging from   apartments to tony  . The area has a large population of people from the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico, where Zika cases have been proliferating in recent weeks. The neighborhood that the authorities are focusing on is bound by Northwest Fifth Avenue, U. S. Route 1,   38th Street and   20th Street. At first glance, the bustling crowds in Wynwood betrayed no sense of unease on Friday afternoon. But it was there. “I’m petrified,” said Amber Collins, a    newlywed who hopes to become pregnant soon and who had “doused” herself with insect repellent before venturing out to join two friends for a drink at the Wynwood Yard. “I’m deliberately not wearing perfume  —   I don’t want to attract mosquitoes. ” Ms. Collins, a   teacher, said she had taken other precautions, such as wearing jeans, socks and sneakers, instead of the sleeveless romper and sandals she had initially considered, despite the blistering heat. She and a friend who hopes to become pregnant, too, spent part of the morning advising each other via text message about how to stave off the dreaded virus. “I hear mosquitoes go after your feet and ankles,” she said. In a Snapchat posting on Friday, Ms. Collins displayed a photograph of a can of insect repellent: “My new perfume in Miami, now that Zika is officially here. ” Public health officials have been bracing for locally transmitted cases. But the outbreak is likely to be limited, partly because Americans more often live in   houses and are less exposed to mosquitoes than those living in some other affected countries. The Aedes aegypti mosquito has a modest range in the United States, rarely appearing farther north than the Deep South, Arizona and California. Still, the revelation of homegrown Zika cases prompted a groundswell of calls on Congress to provide more funding. Congress left for recess this month without authorizing funding to fight Zika. Senator Marco Rubio, a Florida Republican who voted for the funding request, said in an interview that he was urging Congress to come back to pass the funding bill in August under parliamentary procedures. “I still think there is a significant number of people in Congress who think Zika is not their problem,” Mr. Rubio said, adding, “Perhaps the fact that now it has occurred may change the dynamic a little bit. ” A crucial part of stopping the outbreak is mosquito control, which is spotty at best in the United States, particularly in   communities with weak tax bases. C. D. C. officials have begun awarding $60 million to states, cities and territories and have said they will help states hire contractors to conduct control work like spraying. The C. D. C. released a   document this year, a blueprint for action when the first cases of locally transmitted Zika occur in the continental United States. The plan says officials should provide “a large margin of safety” by concentrating efforts within a   circle around each known infection. One case, with no further transmission, would require a   effort, the C. D. C. said. If the infection spreads, the agency will help local officials investigate and warn residents and, if needed, the agency will send in emergency teams.",0
8738,"Facebook, in Cross Hairs After Election, Is Said to Question Its Influence - The New York Times","SAN FRANCISCO  —   Late on Tuesday night, as it became clear that Donald J. Trump would defeat Hillary Clinton to win the presidential election, a private chat sprang up on Facebook among several vice presidents and executives of the social network. What role, they asked each other, had their company played in the election’s outcome? Facebook’s top executives concluded that they should address the issue and assuage staff concerns at a quarterly   meeting. They also called a smaller meeting with the company’s policy team, according to three people who saw the private chat and are familiar with the decisions they requested anonymity because the discussion was confidential. Facebook has been in the eye of a postelection storm for the last few days, embroiled in accusations that it helped spread misinformation and fake news stories that influenced how the American electorate voted. The online conversation among Facebook’s executives on Tuesday, which was one of several private message threads that began among the company’s top ranks, showed that the social network was internally questioning what its responsibilities might be. Even as Facebook has outwardly defended itself as a nonpartisan information source  —   Mark. Zuckerberg, chairman and chief executive, said at a conference on Thursday that Facebook affecting the election was “a pretty crazy idea”  —   many company executives and employees have been asking one another if, or how, they shaped the minds, opinions and votes of Americans. Some employees are worried about the spread of racist and     memes across the network, according to interviews with 10 current and former Facebook employees. Others are asking whether they contributed to a “filter bubble” among users who largely interact with people who share the same beliefs. Even more are reassessing Facebook’s role as a media company and wondering how to stop the distribution of false information. Some employees have been galvanized to send suggestions to product managers on how to improve Facebook’s powerful news feed: the streams of status updates, articles, photos and videos that users typically spend the most time interacting with. “A fake story claiming Pope Francis  —   actually a refugee advocate  —   endorsed Mr. Trump was shared almost a million times, likely visible to tens of millions,” Zeynep Tufekci, an associate professor at the University of North Carolina who studies the social impact of technology, said of a recent post on Facebook. “Its correction was barely heard. Of course Facebook had significant influence in this last election’s outcome. ” This image of Facebook as a partisan influencer and distributor of bad information is at odds with how the company views itself, former and current employees said. Chris Cox, a senior vice president of product and one of Mr. Zuckerberg’s top lieutenants, has long described Facebook as an unbiased and blank canvas to give people a voice. Employees and executives genuinely believed they were   and acting as a force for good, these people said. Facebook declined to comment beyond a previously released statement that it was “just one of many ways people received their information  —   and was one of the many ways people connected with their leaders, engaged in the political process and shared their views. ” On Saturday night, Mr. Zuckerberg posted a lengthy status update to his Facebook page with some of his thoughts on the election. “Of all the content on Facebook, more than 99% of what people see is authentic. Only a very small amount is fake news and hoaxes,” Mr. Zuckerberg wrote. “Overall, this makes it extremely unlikely hoaxes changed the outcome of this election in one direction or the other. ” He added: “I am confident we can find ways for our community to tell us what content is most meaningful, but I believe we must be extremely cautious about becoming arbiters of truth ourselves. ” The postelection questioning caps a turbulent year for Facebook, during which its power to influence what its 1. 79 billion users watch, read and believe has increasingly been criticized. Almost half of American adults rely on Facebook as a source of news, according to a study by the Pew Research Center. And Facebook often emphasizes its ability to sway its users with advertisers, portraying itself as an effective mechanism to help promote their products. Inside Facebook, employees have become more aware of the company’s role in media after several incidents involving content the social network displayed in users’ news feeds. In May, the company grappled with accusations that politically biased employees were censoring some conservative stories and websites in Facebook’s Trending Topics section, a part of the site that shows the most   stories and issues on Facebook. Facebook later laid off the Trending Topics team. In September, Facebook came under fire for removing a Pulitzer   photo of a naked    girl, Phan Thi Kim Phuc, as she fled napalm bombs during the Vietnam War. The social network took down the photo for violating its nudity standards, even though the picture was an illustration of the horrors of war rather than child pornography. Both those incidents seemed to worsen a problem of fake news circulating on Facebook. The Trending Topics episode paralyzed Facebook’s willingness to make any serious changes to its products that might compromise the perception of its objectivity, employees said. The “napalm girl” incident reminded many insiders at Facebook of the company’s often   approach to nuanced situations. Throughout, Mr. Zuckerberg has defended Facebook as a place where people can share all opinions. When employees objected in October to the stance of Peter Thiel, a Facebook board member, in supporting Mr. Trump, Mr. Zuckerberg said, “We care deeply about diversity” and reiterated that the social network gave everyone the power to share their experiences. More recently, issues with fake news on the site have mushroomed. Multiple Facebook employees were particularly disturbed last week when a fake news site called The Denver Guardian spread across the social network with negative and false messages about Mrs. Clinton, including a claim that an F. B. I. agent connected to Mrs. Clinton’s email disclosures had murdered his wife and shot himself. On Thursday, after a companywide meeting at Facebook, many employees said they were dissatisfied with an address from Mr. Zuckerberg, who offered comments to staff that were similar to what he has said publicly. Even in private, Mr. Zuckerberg has continued to resist the notion that Facebook can unduly affect how people think and behave. In a Facebook post circulated on Wednesday to a small group of his friends, which was obtained by The New York Times, Mr. Zuckerberg challenged the idea that Facebook had a direct effect on the way people voted. In the   post, the chief executive cited several statistics about low voter turnout during the election. Then Mr. Zuckerberg wrote: “So rather than focusing on strengths or weaknesses in specific demographics, or other factors that may have pushed this race in one direction or another, these stats clearly suggest what many people have said all along. Both candidates were very unpopular. ”",0
8739,Newsticker (977),"+++ Alte Knacker waren hinüber: Verdorbene Würstchen verursachen Seniorenheim-Skandal +++ +++ Heim gesucht: Kunden verfolgen Immobilienmakler bis nach Hause +++ +++ Konnte er nicht auf sich sitzen lassen: Pirat wechselt beleidigenden Papagei aus +++ +++ Farbton: Blinder erkennt Bemalung am Geräusch +++ +++ Wusst' er: Mann war bekannt wie man Worcester richtig ausspricht +++ +++ Hoffentlich nichts Ernstes: Clown muss ins Krankenhaus +++ +++ Trug das kleine Schwarze: Angelina Jolie mit ihren Kindern auf dem roten Teppich +++ tom, ban, rba, oga, kly, p2k, hpa Jetzt bestellen! Der Postillon-Newsticker-Kalender 2017 (nur 9,99€): Der Postillon: +++ Newsticker +++",0
8740,You Might Want to Be Sitting Down: Michael Moore Explains How He Can Relate to Trump Supporters,"Share on Twitter The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
The strangest presidential election campaign in modern history continues. 
And the old saying “politics makes strange bedfellows” was never more true than in this almost surrealistic example: conservative firebrand Sean Hannity praising uber-liberal filmmaker Michael Moore for praising Donald Trump—sort of, anyway. 
During Hannity's radio show on Wednesday, Hannity said of Moore : 
“He realizes that there is a whole generation of people now, hard working, tax-paying long-suffering Americans, who have been keeping the country going through the hardest times — the people that built this country that are screwed over."" 
Hannity was referring to observations Moore makes in his recently released film “Michael Moore in TrumpLand,” particularly about comments Moore said Trump made to Ford executives during a meeting of the Detroit Economics Club: 
""'If you close these factories like you're planning to do in Detroit, and build them in Mexico, I'm going to put a 35% tariff on those cars when send them back, and nobody's going to buy them.' 
It was an amazing thing to see. No politician — Republican or Democrat — had ever said anything like that to these executives."" 
Lest you think Moore has 'lost his mind' and gone over to 'the dark side,' think again. 
He mocked Donald Trump Jr. and the “right wing” on Twitter on Wednesday for misconstruing his comments in “TrumpLand”: Hey everyone - Trump, Jr. & right wing thinks my movie called ""TrumpLand"" is pro-Trump! Haha. Pls don't tell them otherwise! #satire #irony pic.twitter.com/difR93uzTg — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) October 26, 2016 
Meanwhile, Hannity continues to sing Moore's praises. Strange bedfellows indeed. Even if one of them is being played. ",0
8741,"Sudan, Africa and the Mosaic of Horrors","Sudan, Africa and the Mosaic of Horrors 27.10.2016 ""What could be the most striking image, one that would clearly illustrate the destructive involvement of the United States in Sudan?"" I ask. ""In short, what should I photograph, that could show the suffering of the Sudanese people?"" ""Let's go and photograph what is left of the Al-Shifa factory,"" I am told. ""It is terrible, and truly symbolic."" It is actually close to impossible to photograph just about anything in Sudan. For right or wrong reasons, the government is paranoid. Elaborate permits have to be issued for traveling outside the main urban areas, and for taking photos and videos even inside the capital city of Khartoum itself. If one dares to at all, one has to work fast and clandestinely, even if one is not planning to do anything damaging to Sudan. by ANDRE VLTCHEK Print version Font Size Why was I here? After making my films, after covering the horrid wars of the African Great Lakes, after witnessing the awful devastation of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), I had to finally come to Sudan, which for me represented that remaining, that last piece of the 'puzzle'; a part in the mosaic of the horrors which are now covering almost the entire continent of Africa. I thought that I had to be here, in order to understand all the subtle nuances of how Western imperialist designs have been fragmenting and ruining this entire continent. I convinced one of my friends in Khartoum to accompany me, and on my third day in Sudan, we drove towards the 'legendary' sight of the former Al-Shifa pharmaceutical factory in Bahri, Khartoum North. The path we took led through relatively affluent neighborhoods, full of large houses, even villas, some of which, I was told, belong to Omar al-Bashir himself, and to his relatives. Our car passed near the bizarre complex of Al-Noor Mosque, which is built in a Turkish style. ""This may be the only mosque in the world, which has a supermarket behind its walls,"" my guide explained, smiling sarcastically. ""The investment and idea came from our President; from al-Bashir himself."" A few minutes later we see what we came here for: the site, the rubble, the devastation . A surviving chimney of the factory is right in front of us. On the left-hand side of the road, it is just pure destruction. 18 years after the 'event', nothing grows here, and nothing, no structures have replaced what has been converted into debris. I work fast. I don't want to get caught. I came here in order to document the brutality of the Western global regime, but somehow here I feel like a thief, like an intruder. At this point I still don't know why. US missile destroyed factory: Clinton The Al-Shifa factory was hit and destroyed by US Tomahawk cruise missiles in 1998, just a few days after the terrorist attacks on the American embassies in both Kenya and Tanzania. President Bill Clinton ordered the attack, arguing that the compound was storing nerve gas, something that was strongly denied by both the Sudanese government and the owner of the plant. On October 20 th , 2005, The New York Times reported in its uncommonly critical article: "" American officials have acknowledged over the years that the evidence that prompted President Clinton to order the missile strike on the Shifa plant was not as solid as first portrayed. Indeed, officials later said that there was no proof that the plant had been manufacturing or storing nerve gas, as initially suspected by the Americans, or had been linked to Osama bin Laden, who was a resident of Khartoum in the 1980's... no apology has been made and no restitution offered, which has Sudan's government steaming, even seven years after the ground shook and the dark sky over Khartoum turned light as the plant was hit. On the most recent anniversary of the bombing, Sudanese authorities did what they always do and repeated their call for a United Nations investigation of the American attack on the factory, which, if nothing else, was a major provider of medicines for humans and animals at the time it was destroyed. Mustafa Osman Ismail, who was foreign minister until recently, also raised the issue at the United Nations summit meeting in New York last month, saying the bombing ""damaged the development efforts of my country and deprived my people of basic medicines."""" ""It is thoroughly paradoxical,"" I am told, as we are driving away. ""The Americans ruined Sudan's most important medicine supply. They bombed a private factory that actually belonged to a person with extremely close business ties to the United States."" But this is not the only paradox that I will encounter in this country. And it is not the only paradox in its relationship with the arch tormentor - the United States. *** In Khartoum, I met dozens of people: Sudanese people, Eritrean people, Europeans as well as Asians. I kept putting the same questions to everyone: is Sudan really at odds with the West, particularly with the United States? Or is 'the game' actually much more complex than that? Western media again distorts the truth If Sudan is really a brutal dictatorship, then Sudanese people are shockingly outspoken. Those who are opposing the government are speaking against it openly, even in front of a total stranger like myself. This would be unthinkable even in today's Egypt or Turkey. ""But no names, please, no names,"" I am told. I understand. I take notes, but do not write down any names. A man working for an international organization is laughing, as we are having dinner: ""In Sudan, people can meet and say whatever they want. Nobody cares. But god forbid if they begin to organize."" He is talkative and friendly. But later I find out that he thinks (and tells his colleagues) that I am a 'spy', which, in turn, is explained to me, is quite the usual way of looking at each other here. It is enough to be half Eritrean or Ethiopian to be suspected of spying. All Westerners are flatly considered to be professional spies, no matter how strong their anti-imperialist credentials are. This constant suspicion is what made me uncomfortable in Sudan, from the first moment I stepped off the plane. I never felt like this in Eritrea or in Zimbabwe. There, they knew who I was and what I do: they read my books and have watched my films, and consequently they trusted me. Here, one paradox piles on top of another. There is this brutal embargo, and open confrontation between the West and Sudan. Already, many years ago, the ICC issued an arrest warrant against the President. It is almost impossible to get a Sudanese visa with a US passport. But, as I am told, half of the Sudanese parliamentarians are holding US citizenship and regularly 'commute' between Sudan and North America. Bizarre? Yes, thoroughly. Is it even possible? Apparently it is: welcome to Sudan! In the meantime, over one of the tastiest steaks I have ever had in my life, my acquaintance spills his heart out to me (allegedly a foreign spy): ""We have some of the best meat in the world... The embargo means, no chemicals, everything is organic. Sudanese are herders... Beef, sheep... Such a rich land! We have plenty of water below the ground. Our people are nice, they are peaceful, welcoming... We want to be friends with everybody in this world."" At the end, he helps to arrange a car for me, for the following day. He is not supposed to, as I am not allowed to drive anywhere in this country. Especially if he thinks that I'm a spy. Things are slightly confusing. But I am quickly getting used to it. *** Several African and foreign analysts now believe that the events in Sudan, the West's desire to destabilize it, to overthrow its government and ultimately to break the country into pieces, are closely linked to the horrific past and present of the rest of Central Africa, particularly to Rwanda, Uganda and the DRC. Others dispute it. The disagreements are often only over whether the main booty of the West was actually supposed to be the Democratic Republic of Congo or Sudan. In his legendary work, first published in 2004, CENTRAL AFRICA: 15 YEARS AFTER THE END OF THE COLD WAR. THE INTERNATIONAL INVOLVEMENT, Dr. Helmut Strizek, a German academic, argues: "" Most people expected that Clinton with his ""leftist"" leanings would pressurize the Bashir-Turabi regime into a process of democratization in line with the Bush-Mitterrand approach that had been adopted after the end of the Cold War. But things took a different course. Clinton and Madeleine Albright, the new American Ambassador to the U.N., considered Sudan to be a ""rogue state"" and the number one enemy in Central Africa. They therefore opted for a proxy approach (""get others to fight your war""), a well known strategy that had been applied during the Cold War. Mitterrand was unlikely to comply with the intended ""regime change"" in Khartoum. He was apparently not informed about Washington's Sudan policy and could not understand the effects this new policy had on the Rwandan problem. After the Somalia disaster of 3 October 1993, Madeleine Albright used all the tricks in the book to minimize a U.S. contribution to the UNAMIR peacekeeping force envisaged in the Arusha Agreements. These activities were the first signs that the U.S. wished to reduce its commitment in favour of power sharing in Rwanda, help Museveni and his friend, Paul Kagame, to win the Rwandan war, and find other anti-Khartoum allies."" The horrors in Rwanda occurred in 1994 and then the US-backed Tutsi RPF took power almost immediately there (or one could say almost simultaneously), the same year. One year later, Rwanda and Uganda began one of the most brutal and genocidal wars in the history of the 20 th Century - the one against the people of the DRC. The war continues until now, and is fought on behalf of several Western powers and business interests. By the recent count, at least 10 million people have already lost their lives. The West was interested in chipping off several resource-rich parts of Sudan, including the then so-called southern Sudan. Neighboring Uganda was extremely interested in the 'project', too. It was enjoying full impunity and was clearly emerging as a brutal regional power. It had already supplied, trained and hardened the RPF cadres, (before the RPF took power in neighboring Rwanda). It was already helping with plundering the DRC, and it felt suddenly ready to play and to think big. Not everyone was impressed. But the stakes were extremely high, and rebellious heads, those that did not want to support the West's Machiavellian designs, began to roll. Helmut Strizek continues: "" UN Secretary-General Boutros-Ghali was considered in Washington to be a ""French and Sudanese sympathizer"". He became a prominent victim of the approach to Sudan. Richard Clarke reveals a strange deal: ""Albright and I and a handful of others (Michael Sheehan, Jamie Rubin) had entered into a pact together in 1996 to oust Boutros-Ghali as Secretary-General of the United Nations, a secret plan we had called Operation Orient Express (...). The entire operation had strengthened Albright's hand in the competition to be Secretary of State in the second Clinton administration."" (CLARKE 2004:201/202). This pact was forged after an attempt - attributed to the Khartoum regime - to kill Egypt's President Mubarak during a conference of the Organization for African Unity in Addis Ababa in June 1995. ""Following that event, Egypt and we (joined by other countries in the region) sought and obtained the United Nations Security Council's sanctions on Sudan."" Well, Egypt was always on the side of the British colonialists, when it came to the wars against Sudan. Similar to his predecessors, Mubarak faithfully served the Empire. In 1998, Bill Clinton organized a 'meeting' in the Ugandan city of Entebbe, in order to amalgamate a group of the proxies - those willing to launch a war against Khartoum. Helmut Strizek again: "" Rather than promoting democracy the meeting was intended to prepare for war against Khartoum with the help of this so-called ""new generation of African leaders"". But the war never took place. Shortly after Clinton left Africa, an absurd war broke out between Ethiopia and Eritrea. Laurent Kabila, whose anti-democratic record - according to different reports in the press - had made Clinton feel very uneasy in Entebbe, used this war as an excuse to leave the anti-Khartoum alliance and try to get rid of his Rwandan ""protectors"" in late July 1998. As a result the anti-Khartoum alliance collapsed."" "" While the planned war failed to materialise, the joint U.S.-U.K. policy initiative to topple the Sudan government continued. Although Richard Clarke would like to make the world believe that the bombing of a chemical plant in Khartoum on 20 August 1998 in retaliation for the Al Qaida attacks on the American embassies in Nairobi and Dar-es-Salaam was a success story, in fact it was a failure. This attack only exacerbated anti-American feelings, because the Sudan government had apparently not supported Osama bin Laden after he left Sudan in 1995. The failed attempt to kill bin Laden the same day in Afghanistan reinforced his belief that he was protected by ""providence"" and so he stepped up the fight against the ""American devil""."" "" Despite the improved relations between Sudan and Egypt, there was no change in the policy to bring about a regime change in Khartoum before the end of the Clinton era. Even Jimmy Carter, who cannot be suspected of excessive sympathy with Muslim fundamentalism, disapproved of this inflexible approach in 1999. ""The people in Sudan want to resolve the conflict. The biggest obstacle is U.S. government policy. The U.S. is committed to overthrowing the government in Khartoum. Any sort of peace effort is aborted, basically by policies of the United States. Instead of working for peace in Sudan, the U.S. government has basically promoted a continuation of the war."" What Jimmy Carter said is definitely correct, but it does not, of course, apply exclusively to Sudan. It could be traced to almost all the conflicts in which the Empire has some involvement (therefore, to almost all of them), from those in Africa to those in the Middle East, including Syria. Helmut Strizek believes that the wars in the African Great Lakes Region were directly connected to the US attempt at destabilizing Sudan, that they were actually ignited by the West, for Sudan to be destroyed or conquered in the end. But many others, including a legendary Canadian international lawyer, Christopher Black, who has been deeply involved in the events of the region (where he was working for the ICTR in Arusha, Tanzania), disagree. Chris wrote to me, shortly after I sent to him Strizek's report: "" Strizek... He testified for the defense in our trial at the ICTR and put forward this thesis about Sudan. I think most of what he says is correct but found then and still find his theory that the war in Rwanda was about Sudan a little difficult to accept. It may have been one of the considerations for Museveni and the US and UK etc. but it was not the primary one. The primary one was the war on Zaire, to kick out Mobutu and break Congo into pieces, That was the central plan for the RPF, US, UK, Belgium etc. re Rwanda and I have a letter from Kagame saying so. Strizek was used by an opposing defense team in my trial to try to make it look like I forged that letter from Kagame and I went after him about that. I think he fell into a trap about that - that is that other defense team, who I am sure were working for the prosecution, tricked him into doing. We discussed it later and he admitted perhaps he had been wrong but would not totally retreat. But we are in touch still... So in my opinion, the rest of his paper is basically correct re the geopolitical situation and he is correct on who invaded Rwanda and is responsible for that war, but I disagree that Sudan was the central objective of that war - that objective was Zaire. I agree re Sudan's importance but I fail to see how the take over of Rwanda had any effect on the attempt to break up Sudan. It is not on Sudan's border, Uganda is. No doubt Museveni etc. wanted that result - but I could never quite see how Rwanda fitted into that picture except in general terms - that is the US etc. wanting to take over all central Africa which would make them stronger further north in Sudan etc. But it is clear from all the other evidence at the trial and that of the French expert Dr. Bernard Lugan and others that the main objective of the Rwanda war was to take over Rwanda so they could use it to attack and break up Zaire, which is what they did."" My comrade, a Ugandan opposition politician Arthur Tewungwa, agrees with Christopher Black, but he also thinks that the West 'drenched in blood' the entire region, whatever have been its 'primary goals': ""Sudan, Uganda, Rwanda and the DRC have all been the victims of a cross-Atlantic foreign policy that has left the region disfigured and drenched in blood. While the motives have been presented as altruistic, the net result has been dreadful. Loud Western propaganda based on simplistic interpretations has been the order of the day. Sadly this approach has drawn celebrities and other well-intentioned individuals who have contributed to suffering equaled only during WWII. Darfur, Luwero, Eastern Congo and Rwanda have narratives built that don't stand the test of objective scrutiny. Who will repair the damage visited on these places? The only answer is the victims. The do-gooders have done enough bad to warrant their exit left of stage!"" *** I then asked my close friend and a dedicated internationalist, Mwandawiro Mghanga, Chairperson of (Marxist) Social Democratic Party of Kenya (SDP), to comment on the situation in Sudan. He expressed, in his letter, a strong opinion and his support for the Sudanese people, against the sanctions and against Western imperialism in general: ""The economic and political sanctions imposed against Sudan by Western countries have existed for many years. However, despite disrupting the development of the country they have not succeeded into forcing the people with a long and proud history and culture to surrender its freedom to Western imperialism. Western countries imposed the sanctions against Sudan ostensibly for its violation of the human rights of South Sudan which until recently was part of Sudan. But even after the government of Sudan participated in the democratic process that gave birth to the Republic of South Sudan (RSS), still the West continued with its hostilities and sanctions against Sudan. Sudan is now accused by the West of gross violations of human rights in Darfur. Yet despite its propaganda, the West is not actually interested in solving the problem of Darfur but in undermining the government of Sudan, compromising its sovereignty and carving another country out of Sudan. After RSS and Darfur the West will encourage another region of Sudan to demand to split and so on until Sudan is left into a tiny country like Rwanda. In fact, until the RSS was created, Sudan was the largest country in Africa in terms geographical size and ethnical diversity. This did not please Western imperialism that was imposed into Africa through the partition and balkanization of the second largest continent in the World and sharing it among the European colonial powers. Colonialism then existed in Africa through the notorious tactic of divide and rule that it continues today. The goal of Pan - Africanism and African Union for regional integration and eventual political union of African countries has always been seen as a threat to imperialist's interests in Africa. In this context, Sudan like Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) with it rich natural resources is seen to be too big by the West to dominate and therefore all means possible are used to balkanize it. They do not even care that the creation of RSS from Sudan has escalated inter-ethnic violence, violations of human rights and undermined real freedoms. The national liberation hero of Sudan and leader of South Sudan John Garang was assassinated by the West ´with the connivance of the Ugandan government under President Yoweri Museveni because he was leading the struggle for the liberation of the whole of Sudan and not the creation of RSS. In the meanwhile, the sanctions against Sudan have only made the country more determined to safeguard its freedom and independence, to explore and implement self - reliance strategies and to search for alternative development partners - Russia and China. And so Sudan struggles and lives on."" Not everyone in Africa feels deep solidarity with Sudan, though. The country has an extremely complex history and relationships with its neighbours. My close colleague from Eritrea, usually very outspoken and passionate about the West's devastating involvement in Africa, this time just commented, simply and dryly: "" The only thing I can say is that in Sudan it's not similar to Eritrea - ours is a clear case of economic sabotage, injustice, and double standards."" *** The last day before my departure, I ended up working with a lady, an acquaintance of mine, who spent a long year working in Darfur. Are things there really as they are described by the Western mass media? We sit in the lobby of my hotel, drinking coffee, and I'm taking notes. No names, of course, no names here... But she speaks freely, confidently, and what she describes is actually not much different from the nightmares occurring in many other parts of Africa: "" It is extremely tiring working in Darfur. You don't realize it when you are still there; at some point it all becomes somehow 'normal', but then when you leave the place, it all comes back to you, and it is hard to keep living a normal life afterwards. You are asking whether it is it as horrible there, as we are told? Yes it is, and perhaps worse... Killings and rapes, refugees and despair, and great suffering of the people... But it is not happening, honestly, just because of this government, and the state-backed Janjaweed militias... although they can be blamed for many terrible acts, of course. But the other side is not blameless either. And local people almost never report crimes committed by the rebels, and the Western media hardly mentions them..."" What I want to know is what role the West is actually playing in Darfur? "" The West is definitely trying to encourage Darfur to leave Sudan. The West, even Israel, is supporting Abdelwahid rebels from Fur African tribe. It is not unlike what it did in South Sudan. Darfur is rich in uranium and other raw materials. The conflict in Darfur, and brutality of it, is actually being fuelled from outside. The UN peacekeeping force UNAMID is thoroughly ineffective in Darfur. It hardly interferes on behalf of the local people. One has to wonder, what are their mandates and true goals there. I asked and was told that they are there 'to report'. It often appears that the so-called international community is doing everything for the conflict to continue, so it could justify its push for separation. In the meantime, the refugees are flowing into neighbouring Chad, and elsewhere. In the camps in Chad, they are often screened and interviewed, by foreigners, even Israelis... I don't know what happens there, in those camps, afterwards."" As we speak about Chad - its top military brass is having a joint meeting with local, Sudanese commanders. The entire hotel lobby is filled with men in various uniforms. Some are armed. I then ask to be taken to the so-called 'open areas' outside Khartoum; places inhabited by the South Sudanese refugees. Like Darfur now, South Sudan had been, in the past, destabilized and encouraged to leave the Republic of the Sudan. The West did its best to create this the 'youngest country on Earth', rich in oil and many other resources. As I was already explained to on several occasions by foreigners who have been based in South Sudan, the place has been, from the beginning, an ungovernable, and an artificial country, ruled by local warlords but above all, by countless international organizations and NGOs. That was actually the plan of the West from the outset. The situation in South Sudan is now so terrible, that people are fleeing across the newly marked border, to the Republic of the Sudan. Before the breakup, the exiles would be processed simply as IDP's, but now they are 'true refugees', as they are technically coming from a different country. We drive slowly to one of the 'open areas' called Altakamul, in Alhag Youseif town. My acquaintances are feeding me with the latest data from UNHCR and other sources: ""there are now 7 camps for South Sudanese refugees in White Nile State, with a population of 101,495. And there are 35,507 refugees located in the open areas, in and around Khartoum."" How are they treated here? ""Right after the separation, there was a lot of talk about South Sudanese people being our 'brothers and sisters'. We were told to treat them exactly as we would treat our own people. Some actually have relatives here, even houses. But now, with the economical difficulties that Sudan is facing, things are becoming very problematic."" Altakamus is a tough, miserably poor area, covered by sand and dust. As with everywhere else, I am not supposed to photograph here. And as with everywhere else, I do. Garbage covers almost entire alleys and the sides of roads. The whole area consists almost exclusively of only two colours with some varieties of shades: yellow and grey. Only very few economic activities could be detected. At this hour, children should be in school, but many are not. So this is where the increasing number of South Sudanese people are now ending up; this is the result of yet another 'glorious' Western experiment on human beings: of mingling with the borders, creating new states that should serve the Empire's political and economic interests. How many more are 'planned' for this area? We know of at least of some others: Goma (the DRC), Darfur (Sudan), Jubaland (Somalia). *** I don't know where Sudan is heading. Despite many problems, despite its clearly capitalist leaning, corruption and economic troubles, I am impressed with many things here. Khartoum looks definitely much cleaner and safer than Nairobi or Kampala, two cities in countries that are fully supported and often loudly glorified by the West. In Nairobi, more than half the people live in desperate, deadly, even 'toxic' slums. In Khartoum, poverty has a much gentler face. Despite sanctions, despite everything... Sudanese leaders have many new grand plans for their country: new housing developments, a new international airport, new office towers, hotels, riverfronts, office buildings and shopping malls. Some of these projects are now delayed, or even cancelled, but others are ongoing and on target. Life is tough here, and much tougher in the provinces. Because of the sanctions, many goods and basic equipment (even those for the hospitals) are missing. No credit cards are accepted here. Inflation is mounting. Goods and services are often calculated in dollars, but there are two parallel exchange rates in place: official and the black market one. Several times a day I hear the same question: ""Do you like Sudan?"" I don't know. It is a complex place, but inhabited by warm, courteous people. Honestly, this is not my fight. Here I don't see a struggle, an attempt to build an egalitarian country based on social justice. But Sudan is, to a great extent, a victim. A place which has been placed on that horrid hit list of the Empire and selected for demolition. And as such, I feel, it deserves to be supported. I wandered through the National Museum, with its exquisite artefacts. Two local schoolgirls wearing headscarves approached me, demanding to take selfies with me, on their phone. At times, life appears to be almost 'normal', but there is always some tension. As we drive through the city of Omdurman, I ask my friend: ""Is it true what one reads in Western press; that they amputate hands for theft, that they are nailing people on the cross?"" She laughs, mockingly: ""Of course not! They got rid of these practices a long time ago! If they kept up with them, half of the government would be running around without hands!"" *** But who is who here, and who works for whom? I am told that imaginary 'spies' are really everywhere. One day, I was sitting with a friend and with a local filmmaker in a cafe, discussing the possibility of my returning here and making a documentary film. The filmmaker was offering to drive me to Port Sudan if I come back, even to arrange my visa and all the necessary permits. At one point, we began discussing my latest novel ""Aurora"" . He asked about the plot. I told him that the book is about the European cultural institutions, which are funding young artists and thinkers in almost all developing countries, then using the arts and 'culture' as a vehicle for spreading capitalist and pro-Western propaganda, silencing almost all rebellious voices. At first interested, the filmmaker became gradually very edgy, and towards the end of my explanation, he apologized and ran away from the cafe, faster than the speed of light. I never heard from him again. ""You hit the nail on its head,"" my friend began laughing, right after he vanished. ""He is funded by all those organizations that you mentioned. You scared him witless."" Before I left the country, all my notes 'mysteriously' disappeared. Someone entered my hotel room and took both notepad and my Mont Blanc pen, which was attached to it. The Mont Blanc had been, for many years, one of my dearest writing tools. Practically, it was not easy to depart Sudan. At the airport, my passport was endlessly scrutinized, and in the end I was ordered to produce my 'registration paper'. I was told that registration is not required for stays under 30 days. I began expecting the worst. But in the end, the security apparatus allowed me to leave. But which security apparatus was harassing me, really? Who is in charge in this country? I will most likely never find out. In 1898, during the Battle of Omdurman (and later in 1899 during the Battle of Umm Diwaykarat), British imperialism debilitated, and eventually ruined the entire Sudan. British forces relied on their alliance with the Egyptians. In modern history, the West has never really left this proud nation in peace. All the terrible attacks came in the name of higher principles. The West has always claimed that it has been liberating Sudan from someone or something. In the end, the Sudanese people have suffered immensely. Those who were supposed to be 'freed' were actually mercilessly sacrificed. Some things never change! 
Andre Vltchek is a philosopher, novelist, filmmaker and investigative journalist. He has covered wars and conflicts in dozens of countries. Three of his latest books are revolutionary novel ""Aurora"" and two bestselling works of political non-fiction: "" Exposing Lies Of The Empire "" and "" Fighting Against Western Imperialism "" . View his other books here . Andre is making films for teleSUR and Al-Mayadeen. After having lived in Latin America, Africa and Oceania, Vltchek presently resides in East Asia and the Middle East, and continues to work around the world. He can be reached through his website and his Twitter . Sent to Pravdareport by the author",0
8742,Heseltine regrets not strangling mad bitch. More soon.,"  Midfield Diamond   Midfield Diamond   0 November 1, 2016 0 October 27, 2016 0",0
8743,"Polizei fasst Mann, der seit Jahrzehnten Deckel von Gläsern zu fest zuschraubt","Donnerstag, 3. November 2016 Polizei fasst Mann, der seit Jahrzehnten Deckel von Gläsern zu fest zuschraubt Eisenach (Archiv) - Eines der größten kriminalistischen Rätsel der Nachkriegszeit ist nach jahrzehntelangen Ermittlungen offenbar gelöst: Beamte des Bundeskriminalamts haben heute in Eisenach einen 65-jährigen Mann festgenommen, der im Verdacht steht, im ganzen Bundesgebiet seit 1976 millionenfach Deckel von mit Lebensmitteln gefüllten Gläsern so fest zugeschraubt zu haben, dass sie von nichtsahnenden Käufern kaum noch geöffnet werden konnten. Das Vorgehen des mutmaßlichen Täters Oskar G., den die Boulevardpresse das ""Deckelphantom"" nennt, war dabei stets gleich: Im Schutz der Dunkelheit schlich er sich in Lagerhallen, Fabriken und Supermärkte, wo er bis in die Morgenstunden die Deckel möglichst vieler Gläser fest zudrehte – Gläser, die normalerweise von jedem Menschen leicht hätten geöffnet werden können. In seiner Hochphase kam er so regelmäßig auf mehr als 15.000 Deckel in einer Nacht. Sie haben ihn! So spektakulär wie Oskar G.s Verbrechen – zeitweise war fast jedes fünfte in Deutschland verkaufte Glas von ihm manipuliert – war auch seine Festnahme: Vierzehn Polizeibeamte waren nötig, um ihn in Handschellen zu legen. ""Es ist unglaublich, wieviel Kraft er in seinen dünnen Armen hat"", so BKA-Sprecher Jochen Schäfer. ""Er kann zupacken wie eine Schraubzwinge und hat mehreren Beamten die Schulter ausgekugelt."" Als heiße Spur zum mutmaßlichen Täter hatte sich ein einzelner Fingerabdruck erwiesen, der bereits 2013 an einem Marmeladeglas in einer Supermarktfiliale im ostfriesischen Wittmund gefunden worden war. Offenbar hatte Oskar G. den Deckel so fest zugeschraubt, dass dabei sein Handschuh unbemerkt geplatzt war – ein fataler Fehler. ""Ohne diesen Glücksfund hätten wir diesem Monster wohl nie das Handwerk legen können"", so Schäfer. Doch was geht in dem Kopf des Mannes vor? Bislang ist völlig ungeklärt, was G. derart radikalisiert haben könnte, dass er beschloss, Millionen Menschen zu schaden. Glaubt man den Profilern, dann steckt dahinter Sadismus in seiner reinsten Form. Oft der letzte Ausweg der Opfer von G. Dazu passen auch erste Hinweise, dass G.s kriminelle Aktivitäten weit umfangreicher waren als bisher angenommen. So vermuten die Ermittler inzwischen, der 65-Jährige könnte bei seinen Einbruchserien auch Milchverpackungen so manipuliert haben, dass ihr Inhalt beim Gießen ruckartig aus der Öffnung schwappt. Auch könnte er gestrichelte Linien auf Plastikverpackungen an Stellen angebracht haben, die sich gar nicht aufschneiden lassen. Die Ermittlungen hierzu dauern aber noch an. Es könnte also noch eine Weile dauern, bis der Frührentner G. endlich vor ein Gericht gestellt wird. Höchstwahrscheinlich muss ihm dabei ein Pflichtverteidiger zugewiesen werden, da sich bislang jeder freie Anwalt weigert, den Mann zu vertreten, der so großes Leid über so viele Menschen gebracht hat. Experten rechnen damit, dass die Staatsanwaltschaft lebenslange Haft mit anschließender Sicherheitsverwahrung in einer Zelle ohne Schraubverschluss fordern wird. mo, dan, ssi; Fotos rechts: Shutterstock; Hinweis: Erstmals erschienen am 4.11.15 Artikel teilen:",0
8744,Getting Your Home Holiday-Ready - The New York Times,"Having everyone over for the holidays may have seemed like a good idea when you agreed to it last year. Back then, there was plenty of time to redo the guest room, fix the leaky kitchen faucet and upgrade the powder room. But with just a few weeks to spare, the thought of opening your home to family and friends might start to feel a bit overwhelming. If you act now, however, there is still time to make your home feel fresh and festive  —   without a major overhaul. FOCUS ON MAIN SPACES Concentrate on the kitchen, powder room and living areas, said Sarah Fishburne, the director of trend and designer for Home Depot, who recently hosted Thanksgiving for the first time in her new home in Atlanta. “Don’t get jammed up worrying about those secondary areas. ” You can always stash the laundry you didn’t have time to do in your bedroom and shut the door. But the kitchen  —   “that’s the gathering zone. ” Ms. Fishburne swapped out her older kitchen faucet with a new smart faucet that turns on and off with a tap of the wrist or forearm. Other upgrades that can be accomplished in a day and require minimal investment: adding a new backsplash, swapping out an old light fixture and changing cabinet hardware. “Instantly, you’ll feel like you really accomplished something,” said Ms. Fishburne, who traded   knobs for pumpkin knobs and updated three orb pendant lights to oxide brass   shade island lights. UPDATE ACCENTS “Switching out your pillows and throws is a great way to transform your space for the holidays,” said Alyssa Kapito, who founded the Manhattan interior design firm Kapito Muller with Vivian Muller. “Wool, mohair and cashmere are wonderful fabrics for colder seasons, and if you want to get really festive, you can try throwing in a plaid or a check fabric to add a bit of warmth and coziness,” she said, suggesting a cashmere knit throw from   ($199) and a patchwork plaid pillow cover from Pottery Barn ($49. 50). Similarly, you can give your bathroom a quick refresh with a new bath mat, curtain liner, towels and some nice soaps. TIDY UP Ridding counters of clutter and shelves of tchotchkes is a fast and easy way to streamline space. Use an empty shoe box to collect pens, mail, knickknacks and other items that have accumulated in the kitchen and living room, said Tova Weinstock, an organizer in Brooklyn. While you’re at it, clear some closet space for guests’ belongings. A dedicated spot for hanging clothes or even a single drawer, she said, “will immediately boost your guest’s stay and amp up your hospitality level. ” You can temporarily store your own clothing in a soft bin like the Real Simple canvas   bags sold at Bed Bath  Beyond, Ms. Weinstock said. “Another idea is to double up coats on hangers, with      coats underneath and winter coats over. ” CODDLE GUESTS Putting some consideration into how guests will experience your home will not only make them feel more welcome, but can make your life easier. When preparing for houseguests, Pamela Dailey, an interior designer in Beacon, N. Y. displays logistics like the   network name and password and instructions on how to use the coffee maker in strategically placed picture frames. “The frames themselves can be switched out simply to add a festive touch,” she said, or “you could use a pretty piece of wrapping paper in the frame that you put the information on. ” In the guest bedroom, “little details like a notepad and pen on a bedside table” and “some   flowers” will make guests feel more welcome, said Ms. Kapito, who recommends placing a carafe filled with water (like CB2’s $13 stackable cylinder) on the night stand. And in a twist on the hotel slipper, Ms. Weinstock suggests laying out a new pair of fuzzy socks.  EASY ON DECORATIONS Keeping decorations simple and contained makes for easy elegance. “Choose a focal spot in your home  —   a mantel if you have a fireplace, an entry table or one shelf on your bookcase  —   that you can dedicate your energy to for creating some seasonal atmosphere,” said Ms. Dailey, who likes to designate a spot for displaying all the holiday cards she receives. “This is a great way to decorate, since everything will come to you,” she said. “I like to find somewhere on a wall so that you’re not taking up surface space or cluttering the refrigerator. Get some festive washi tape that you can tack the cards up with as they come in. ” Denise Piccolo, a professional holiday decorator in Brooklyn, suggests filling a few clear vases with shatterproof tree ornaments. “Display in mismatched groups or on their own,” she said, and drape matching stands of beads around the bottoms of the vases, scattering a few ornaments around the outside. REUSE AND RECYCLE If you’re feeling crafty, you can transform empty wine or liquor bottles into centerpieces by painting them in metallic holiday colors, like silver and gold, Ms. Piccolo said. “You can use blue painters’ tape to make patterns or block out letters to spell seasonal words such as ‘joy’ or ‘peace.’ ” Embellish with glitter, she suggested, or tie on jingle bells, ribbon or tiny pine cones around the necks of the bottles. “You can display the bottles in a group, intertwined with a strand of Christmas lights around the bases. ” If you’re buying a real Christmas tree, ask for the excess branches that get cut off the bottom to make a swag for your front door. “Simply bunch it together,” she said, and “tie with floral wire, fashioning the end into a loop to hang it. ” Trim any excess and “finish with a pretty bow to cover the wire, with tails hanging down on the branches. ” Another easy option is to stick the extra branches in a vase with water as you would with flowers, Ms. Piccolo said, and “embellish with holly sprigs, available at florists or garden centers, or holiday picks from the craft store. ”",0
8745,Grammys Producer Encourages Artists to Get Political,"Those who dislike partisan politics at   awards show have been warned in advance of Sunday night’s Grammy Awards, as producer Ken Ehrlich has made it clear that music’s biggest night will encourage   artists to express themselves in any way they choose. [“One of the tenets of our show is artistic freedom, and over the years we’ve shown we do believe in it,” Grammys producer Ken Ehrlich said this weekend in an interview with Variety. “How many more times do we need to hear ‘I’d like to thank my publicist, my agent, my wife and kids.’ The great acceptance speeches are ones that have a point of view and are more personal. ”  Sunday night’s 59th annual Grammy Awards has been billed as a showdown between Beyoncé and Adele, both up for Album of the Year, but plenty of music’s biggest stars will be on hand in what could become a   ceremony. Beyoncé leads all artists with nine nominations this year for her Black Lives   album Lemonade, while Drake, Rihanna, and Kanye West each earned eight nods. The Grammys have featured plenty of politics in recent years in 2014, 33 gay and straight couples were married during the ceremony as Macklemore and Ryan Lewis sang their hit LGBT anthem “Same Love,” while 2015 saw President Obama appear in a     PSA and last year saw rapper Kendrick Lamar delivering a   rendition of his hit song “The Blacker the Berry” from an elaborate prison set. If Ehrlich’s show follows a similar path this year, Grammy viewers could be in for another night of fiery acceptance speeches and defiant performances, especially in the show’s first broadcast since Donald Trump became president. “One of the things I’ve learned from working with artists for 40 years is that they are   vital individuals who have interests that cover a broad spectrum of subjects and passions,” Ehrich told Variety. “We should certainly allow for it on the broadcast. ” The Grammys are hardly the only awards show to heavily feature politics just last month, numerous actors used the podium at the Screen Actors Guild Awards to criticize President Trump’s executive order on immigration. And in the first awards show of the year, Meryl Streep drew thunderous applause for an impassioned   speech while accepting a lifetime achievement award at the Golden Globes. The 59th annual Grammy Awards air Sunday night at 8 p. m. Eastern on CBS.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum",0
8746,Long Live the Establishment!,"Written by Michael S. Rozeff Saturday November 12, 2016 What happens next in Washington? Trump fills out his administration. At the same time, Washington insiders attempt to capture Trump and influence his positions, policies and decisions. The presidency is an institution, not a man, not a president. The presidency is a network of enormous power with Trump now at its center. Washington insiders who live and breathe politics are now in a race for positions of power and influence. They hanker and vie for appointments. Trump must make appointments. He cannot operate alone. He must delegate power to make decisions. He cannot monitor all information pertinent to every issue in which the government has a hand. The presidency is not 100 percent centralized. Decision-making power is allocated to levels below the president himself and to levels surrounding him. It also lies outside the presidency in Congress. Trump has his ideas and desires for actions, but their realization depends on the people he appoints. He loses control and locks himself in with every appointment that he makes. People around him want his power and want to influence him. They have a heavy influence on what he hears, whom he sees, the options presented to him, and the evaluations of competing personnel. Trump will likely form a very small team of offshoots of himself, people whom he trusts implicitly, in order to extend his capacity to choose people who will adhere to and execute his agenda.Power in Washington is not simply the apparatus of administering the presidency that will take up headlines for the next few months. After the U.S. Treasury robs the tax-paying Americans, new robbers (the Lobby) appear to rob the Treasury using every device they can get away with. There is a second contingent, the power-seekers. Those who covet the exercise of power unceasingly work toward their own narrow aims. As long as Washington remains the place that concentrates unbelievably large amounts of money and powers, it will remain the swamp that Trump has promised to drain but won’t. He cannot drain it, not without destroying Washington’s power and he cannot accomplish that, nor does he even hint that he wants to accomplish that. His stated aims are the redirection of money and powers, not their elimination for the sake of a greater justice, a greater right, and a truly greater people and country.The presidency is an establishment and Washington is another. By being elected, Trump struck a blow at the members of the establishment who will be packing their bags while weeping over their losses (see here and here .) But elections do not strike the roots of the presidency, the establishment or Washington. Neither will demonstrations against Trump. The Obama establishment is dead. The Democratic establishment is dead, at least for 4 years. There was a time, a very brief time under the Articles of Confederation, when Americans recognized the evils of the establishment and avoided instituting one. This gave way almost immediately (in 1787) to the constitutional seed that planted the enormous tree that now cuts out the sun of justice from American lives. A domestic war failed to uproot that tree. Long live the establishment, the Union, the American state, and may they be possessed of immense powers over our lives — these became the social and political reality. Trump isn’t going to change it. He’s a president administering a presidency. He’s at the top of the heap. His credo is still “Long Live the Establishment!” Reprinted with permission from LewRockwell.com . Related",0
8747,Julian Assange Statement on the U.S. Election,"By Julian Assange 
In recent months, WikiLeaks and I personally have come under enormous pressure to stop publishing what the Clinton campaign says about itself to itself. That pressure has come from the campaign’s allies, including the Obama administration, and from liberals who are anxious about who will be elected US President. 
On the eve of the election, it is important to restate why we have published what we have. 
The right to receive and impart true information is the guiding principle of WikiLeaks – an organization that has a staff and organizational mission far beyond myself. Our organization defends the public’s right to be informed. 
This is why, irrespective of the outcome of the 2016 US Presidential election, the real victor is the US public which is better informed as a result of our work. 
The US public has thoroughly engaged with WikiLeaks’ election related publications which number more than one hundred thousand documents. Millions of Americans have pored over the leaks and passed on their citations to each other and to us. It is an open model of journalism that gatekeepers are uncomfortable with, but which is perfectly harmonious with the First Amendment. 
We publish material given to us if it is of political, diplomatic, historical or ethical importance and which has not been published elsewhere. When we have material that fulfills this criteria, we publish. We had information that fit our editorial criteria which related to the Sanders and Clinton campaign (DNC Leaks) and the Clinton political campaign and Foundation (Podesta Emails). No-one disputes the public importance of these publications. It would be unconscionable for WikiLeaks to withhold such an archive from the public during an election. 
At the same time, we cannot publish what we do not have. To date, we have not received information on Donald Trump’s campaign, or Jill Stein’s campaign, or Gary Johnson’s campaign or any of the other candidates that fufills our stated editorial criteria. As a result of publishing Clinton’s cables and indexing her emails we are seen as domain experts on Clinton archives. So it is natural that Clinton sources come to us. 
We publish as fast as our resources will allow and as fast as the public can absorb it. 
That is our commitment to ourselves, to our sources, and to the public. 
This is not due to a personal desire to influence the outcome of the election. The Democratic and Republican candidates have both expressed hostility towards whistleblowers. I spoke at the launch of the campaign for Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, because her platform addresses the need to protect them. This is an issue that is close to my heart because of the Obama administration’s inhuman and degrading treatment of one of our alleged sources, Chelsea Manning. But WikiLeaks publications are not an attempt to get Jill Stein elected or to take revenge over Ms Manning’s treatment either. 
Publishing is what we do. To withhold the publication of such information until after the election would have been to favour one of the candidates above the public’s right to know. 
This is after all what happened when the New York Times withheld evidence of illegal mass surveillance of the US population for a year until after the 2004 election, denying the public a critical understanding of the incumbent president George W Bush, which probably secured his reelection. The current editor of the New York Times has distanced himself from that decision and rightly so. 
The US public defends free speech more passionately, but the First Amendment only truly lives through its repeated exercise. The First Amendment explicitly prevents the executive from attempting to restrict anyone’s ability to speak and publish freely. The First Amendment does not privilege old media, with its corporate advertisers and dependencies on incumbent power factions, over WikiLeaks’ model of scientific journalism or an individual’s decision to inform their friends on social media. The First Amendment unapologetically nurtures the democratization of knowledge. With the Internet, it has reached its full potential. 
Yet, some weeks ago, in a tactic reminiscent of Senator McCarthy and the red scare, Wikileaks, Green Party candidate Stein, Glenn Greenwald and Clinton’s main opponent were painted with a broad, red brush. The Clinton campaign, when they were not spreading obvious untruths, pointed to unnamed sources or to speculative and vague statements from the intelligence community to suggest a nefarious allegiance with Russia. The campaign was unable to invoke evidence about our publications—because none exists. 
In the end, those who have attempted to malign our groundbreaking work over the past four months seek to inhibit public understanding perhaps because it is embarrassing to them – a reason for censorship the First Amendment cannot tolerate. Only unsuccessfully do they try to claim that our publications are inaccurate. 
WikiLeaks’ decade-long pristine record for authentication remains. Our key publications this round have even been proven through the cryptographic signatures of the companies they passed through, such as Google. It is not every day you can mathematically prove that your publications are perfect but this day is one of them. 
We have endured intense criticism, primarily from Clinton supporters, for our publications. Many long-term supporters have been frustrated because we have not addressed this criticism in a systematic way or responded to a number of false narratives about Wikileaks’ motivation or sources. Ultimately, however, if WL reacted to every false claim, we would have to divert resources from our primary work. 
WikiLeaks, like all publishers, is ultimately accountable to its funders. Those funders are you. Our resources are entirely made up of contributions from the public and our book sales. This allows us to be principled, independent and free in a way no other influential media organization is. But it also means that we do not have the resources of CNN, MSNBC or the Clinton campaign to constantly rebuff criticism. 
Yet if the press obeys considerations above informing the public, we are no longer talking about a free press, and we are no longer talking about an informed public. 
Wikileaks remains committed to publishing information that informs the public, even if many, especially those in power, would prefer not to see it. WikiLeaks must publish. It must publish and be damned. Share:",0
8748,Delingpole: Trump Is Western Democracy’s Last Man Standing Against the Green Terror,"Donald Trump is the only leader left in the world defending Western democracy against eco fascism. [Don’t just take it from me. Read this Belgian philosopher, Drieu Godefridi, interviewed in the French liberal newspaper Contrepoints and translated here by Friends of Science Calgary.  He believes that the Paris climate agreement was a global socialist plot which the U. S. was absolutely right to escape: [President Trump] perfectly grasped the essence of the Paris Agreement, which is to redistribute the wealth of the West to the rest of the world  —   he expressly declared it on the Lawn of the White House, on June 1st, 2017 when making the American exit from Paris official. In so doing, he has stopped the formidable internationalist socialist machinery that was in the process of being set up. In other words, he has refused to validate the   moral intuition, and the scientific pretext that gave birth to the Paris Agreement. Environmentalism, argues Godefridi, is just another facet of the left’s ongoing war against democracy: What we have been seeing for the past two decades, in the areas of climate, gender theory, immigration and terrorism, and so on, is that activist minority ideologues have confiscated democratic debate. What makes it so especially dangerous is that unlike, say, gender theory  —   which everyone knows to be   leftist nonsense  —   climate change has a superficial scientific plausibility capable of fooling people who ought to know better. But really, it’s just another mask for globalism. Climate is something else! Every time since its birth in the fold of the IPCC, the ideology of the climate has claimed science as its foundational authority  —   and science in its most precise version! Physics! The politicized IPCC has never stopped claiming it is presenting science since. So, it is this second globalization, a prelude to a world government that is openly called for by the elites of internationalist socialism, which is threatened today by the American exit of the Paris Agreement. By quitting Paris, Trump hasn’t merely saved the U. S. an awful lot of money. He also saved the democratic values which the previous administration was half way towards destroying. Under the aegis of the previous occupants of the White House, America itself, traditionally more resistant to socialism than the Europeans, has already largely embarked on this path. Therefore, from this point of view, the American break from the   bank heist, deserves to be described as a    —   as a return to the roots of American democracy and the wisdom of its founding fathers. Nope, I’d never heard of Godefridi either till this interview. But he is now officially my fourth favorite Belgian, after Tintin, Jacques Brel and Plastic Bertrand",0
8749,Those Fleeing Mosul Face Summary Execution,"Troops Brag of Having Shot Some Fleeing Mosul by Jason Ditz, October 27, 2016 Share This 
While UN officials claim they’re carefully monitoring the treatment of those displaced from Mosul and haven’t documented any abuses, the troops occupying checkpoints through which the civilians have to flee are telling a different story, involving mass detentions and summary execution. 
The Associated Press quoted one of those manning a checkpoint, named Dhia Amir, as having bragged of not only “arresting” over 100 people, handing them over to police forces, but of having personally shot and killed two men who he claims to have “known” were fleeing ISIS fighters. 
This has been a recurring problem in Iraq’s wars against ISIS, as Shi’ite dominated security forces and allied militias are immediately distrustful of Sunni Arabs fleeing the ISIS cities, and don’t need much pretext for a detention, or to disappear people outright. 
“A 13-year-old boy can still kill,” Amir noted, defending the crackdown on fleeing civilians. “And even if he doesn’t kill me, one day he could kill my son.” That, ultimately, has been the basis on which much of the war has been fought, and the main reason why sectarian tensions are only growing. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz",0
8750,You Know You Should Use Sunscreen. But Are You Using It Right? - The New York Times,"Look, we’re not here to nag. We all know we’re supposed to use sunscreen more reliably than we probably do. Instead of hounding you again, we asked experts for tips on skin cancer prevention and using sunscreen that you’re less likely to have heard: the counterintuitive, the new or the  . Here’s what they told us. (We know this is a little “Eat your vegetables” of us, so we’ll give you a reward if you make it to the end.) We hope maybe you’ve heard these before, but let’s reapply. Depending on your body size, experts recommend using enough lotion to fill a shot glass, or an ounce, when you’re at the beach. Even if people are smart enough to apply sunscreen, they may not use enough, said Dr. Jerry Brewer, a dermatologic surgeon at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota. Even if the bottle says the lotion is waterproof, beachgoers should reapply after swimming. If you’re not swimming, you should reapply every two hours, regardless of the SPF count. You should put sunscreen on 15 minutes before exposure. Look for products that are labeled “broad spectrum protection” with an SPF of 15 to 50. Dr. Elizabeth Hale, a senior vice president for the Skin Cancer Foundation and a dermatologist in New York City, said that both men and women are likely to miss the tops of their ears and the tops of the feet. (Full disclosure: The nonprofit Skin Cancer Foundation receives some funding from sunscreen manufacturers.) Men are particularly likely to miss their scalps and the backs of their necks, while women are more likely to miss their chest and neck areas, she said. Dr. Brewer said beachgoers often miss the bottoms of their feet, which can be exposed if they’re lying on their stomachs reading or napping. This is a tricky one. Not even the Food and Drug Administration is sure, and we still don’t know how effective they are or whether inhaling them can be dangerous. While some medical professionals suggest you should not use them, “I tend to think it’s better than nothing,” Dr. Brewer said. He recommended using the creams and lotions when possible, but said the sprays can be useful if you’re on the go and won’t make time for a full reapplication. Dr. Hale said   sunscreen should be applied indoors in a   area, and never sprayed directly on the face. Trying to apply it on the beach could lead to much of it flying away in the wind, leaving you with inadequate protection. Though there’s no quantifiable standard like the shot glass of lotion, Dr. Hale suggested spray users create “an even sheen on the skin. ” Because you’re probably taking your phone to the beach, you could rely on it, instead of your faulty memory, to remind you that it’s time to reapply. Android and iOS are rife with free and inexpensive apps that could alert you when you need it. You could also seek help from wearables. A   device called JUNE, which can be worn as a bracelet or a brooch, monitors sun exposure and syncs with an iOS app that can tell you how quickly you’re using up your recommended sun allowance for the day. Or you could try a   wristband, like UVSunSense, that changes colors to signal you should reapply sunscreen or head indoors. Dr. Hale said that when she tries to persuade patients to take sunscreen more seriously, she sometimes targets their vanity more than their health. She tells them that using sunscreen every day  —   not just when they’re at the beach or the park  —   can help prevent the brown spots and wrinkles that often lead people to seek out dermatologists, and that sun exposure is a primary driver of the skin’s aging process. “I truly believe sunscreen is the No. 1   ingredient,” she said. Research in 2013 revealed that people who used sunscreen every day had markedly smoother and more resilient skin. The study was funded by the National Health and Medical Research Council of Australia, and no sunscreen makers contributed. Congratulations for making it all the way through an article about sunscreen. As your reward, we present you this adorable photo gallery of parents applying lotion to visibly annoyed children. You earned it.",0
8751,The Media Is Getting Desperate And Pushing A Bogus Trump Comeback Story,"CNN’s own average of all polls shows Hillary Clinton’s lead holding steady: CNN Poll of Polls: Clinton's national lead holds steady at 47% support to Trump's 40% https://t.co/Vkw6B8o8ag pic.twitter.com/WDQiafp5ko 
— CNN (@CNN) October 26, 2016 
Fox News is busy feeding their viewers the dream of a Trump comeback, but that’s to be expected. 
Fox News is the channel that brought you Dick Morris predicting Mitt Romney’s victory and Karl Rove’s election night flip out over Obama’s win in 2012. 
One of the sure signs that a voters are close to a definitive outcome in a presidential election is when some in the media start trying to gin up a comeback for the trailing candidate. With the exception of Fox News and other conservative outlets, media like CNN go down this path because they see interest waning in the election, so they are looking to boost ratings with some artificial drama. 
Like clockwork, some in the press are cooking up the comeback kid narrative. 
Don’t fall for it. Trust numbers. Trust facts, and trust voting results. The rest of it is the standard nonsense that gets pulled every election year when the networks begin to see their election bounce end and ratings decline.",0
8752,Obama’s New Residence,"Obama’s New Residence
Where does the money come from?
https://www.rt.com/news/366528-obama-future-residence-photos/ 
The post Obama’s New Residence appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
8753,The truth about Zika: It's a grand medical hoax,"The truth about Zika: It's a grand medical hoax 
Monday, October 31, 2016 by: J. D. Heyes Tags: Zika virus , medical hoax , infectious disease (NaturalNews) One of the most interesting things about the Zika virus is that it is not a new ailment. It was first discovered in monkeys in 1947 and in humans in 1952, according to a fact sheet from the World Health Organization .While researchers have admittedly probably learned more about the virus since it was first identified, some of the health problems now being associated with Zika – such as microcephaly in newborns – have never before been seen, leaving many to wonder if there isn't some sort of conspiracy being devised by globalists to suit their political agenda.For instance, according to TruthWiki , an investigative site that has recently delved into the history of the disease, populations in the past that were heavily infected with Zika never reported a single case of a newborn with a shrunken head. The current outbreak is far from being the only one. In the 1960s, outbreaks occurred in Oceania and Southeast Asia. And in 2007, the so-called ""Yap epidemic,"" which occurred on the Yap main island – part of the Caroline Island chain in the Western Pacific – infected three-quarters of the population. But no cases of newborn birth defects, like microcephaly, were reported. So the current hysteria over microcephaly allegedly being tied to Zika appears completely unwarranted. Will we see another 'swine flu fiasco' with the Zika vaccine? The same year, TruthWiki reported, using funding that was provided by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, a genetically altered version of the virus was developed by Oxitec (Oxford Insect Technologies), a British biotechnology company. Roughly two years later, in the fall of 2009, Gates helped usher in the first outdoor trials of genetically modified transgenic Aedes aegypti mosquitoes, which are the species known to transmit the disease. They were released ostensibly to fight the spread of mosquito-borne diseases including dengue, yellow fever and Zika , among others. The plan was to get the GM mosquitoes to mate with females to produce offspring that would die soon after birth, thereby halting the spread of the disease. But, TruthWiki noted, there was another agenda.In May 2014, the WHO and the Brazilian government colluded to spread propaganda that there were nearly 1 million ""suspected"" cases of Zika in Brazil, and recommended that the deadly poison pyroproxyfen be spread, to include areas of drinking water. The propaganda disseminated was that since mosquitoes were breeding in those areas of standing water, then they too had to be treated with the chemical, which was then spread primarily over poverty-stricken areas.The next thing we know, scores of cases involving microcephaly in Brazil began cropping up. And they were then blamed on Zika. Coincidence? Many think not. What's more, there were really only about 500 children born malformed – not 5,000-plus as originally reported, TruthWiki points out.As TruthWiki notes further, Zika is a mild viral infection – always has been – and resembles the typical cold or flu. Most of those afflicted with it suffer a low-grade fever, some pain in their joints, a skin rash and conjunctivitis. In other cases, people have no idea they've even been infected. If symptoms appear at all, they may last up to a week. But like chicken pox, a one-time Zika infection can provide lifelong immunity. While severe cases of Zika may require hospitalization, they are rare, as are Zika-related deaths. Overkill? And yet, despite the virus' relatively mild symptoms, the U.S. government is set to pay a Japanese Big Pharma firm as much as $300 million to develop a vaccine , Natural News reported recently. If that's not overkill, then nothing is – especially given the fact that most vaccines contain harmful substances and preservatives .Another disease outbreak ""emergency."" Another vaccine with even more harmful chemicals and preservatives will go on the market. In fact, due to the ""gravity"" and ""dire nature"" of the Zika emergency, we may even see mandatory vaccination as we did with the swine flu fiasco in the mid-1970s. Then, a mandatory program of vaccination for the illness, which only killed one person, led to a dramatic spike in Guillain-Barre syndrome, in which the immune system attacks the nerves, causing paralysis. Ironically, today the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is claiming that Zika may be causing GBS.Propaganda anyone?Read the entire TruthWiki report on the Zika hoax here . Sources:",0
8754,Jane Fonda: The Reluctant Fashionista - The New York Times,"When the model Grace Hartzel opened Tom Ford’s spring 2017 show in a striking shag haircut, the inspiration was unmistakable  —   at least to those over 40 who watched Mr. Ford’s extravaganza. The hairdo paid homage to the one Jane Fonda made supercool as the Times Square hooker Bree Daniels in the 1971 movie “Klute. ” Alexander McQueen also cited Ms. Fonda as a motivating force of “Deliverance,” his spring 2004 collection, which has gone down in fashion history for its dance presentation inspired by Ms. Fonda’s performance in the 1969 drama “They Shoot Horses, Don’t They?” In her late ’60s heyday, Ms. Fonda played her fair share of     roles. Off screen, she was the ultrachic Paris wife of the director Roger Vadim, and was a   fixture at shows staged by his friends Coco Chanel, Hubert de Givenchy and Yves Saint Laurent. Recently, speaking by phone from a film location in Colorado, Ms. Fonda, 78, firmly denied her style pedigree. “I am not a fashionista,” she said. Ms. Fonda’s political activism often overshadowed her status as a sartorial influencer. Highlighting it, however, is her collection of couture, Italian    and lavish screen costumes that will be auctioned on Friday at Julien’s Auctions in Los Angeles. About five of the items are  . But when asked if she had considered donating an Atelier Versace gown, a Valentino something, even her stripy workout leotard to, perhaps, the Met Costume Institute, she offered an unyielding “No. ” Ms. Fonda is auctioning her possessions (698 items in all, mostly clothing) in a housecleaning exercise. “I had to do jobs to pay for my storage,” she said of the units she had maintained since her 2001 divorce from the media mogul Ted Turner. “Because Ted did not like to carry a lot of luggage on his jet  —   it was too burdensome  —   I would have to buy things in bulk” for their travels to his many properties. Parting with mementos was tough yet ultimately worthwhile. “Lighter,” she said of her sense of relief on clearing the space. Here, Ms. Fonda tells the stories behind some pieces going under the gavel. Ms. Fonda wore the Yves Saint Laurent pantsuit below when she claimed the Oscar as best actress in 1972. The somber black ensemble, with its sharp   jacket, reflected the Communist sympathies she had developed before buying the suit in 1968. Ms. Fonda had just given birth to her daughter Vanessa Vadim, and during her pregnancy said she had grown horrified watching French television broadcasts of the attacks on North Vietnam. By the time of the Oscars Ms. Fonda was divorcing Mr. Vadim, and though she had hung on to her haute couture, she had exchanged her New Wave lifestyle for a     antiwar lecture tour across the United States. The Hollywood establishment feared she would use the Oscars as another stop on it. “I wanted to make a speech about Vietnam,” Ms. Fonda admitted of the ceremony. Instead, she listened to her father, Henry Fonda, who advised her to refrain from politicking at the podium. “He said to me: ‘Just say: ‘There is a lot to be said. But tonight is not the time.’ So I did. And I wore something that made a statement. It was not a time for showy dresses. It was a time for seriousness. ” Before Yeezy, there was Fonda. Ms. Fonda introduced her own line of luxe exercise apparel in 1984, after her workout book and its video adaptation, both fronted by an image of her in this black and red leotard, had dominated   lists for years. Though films like “Flashdance” and “Perfect” made aerobics gear au courant, Ms. Fonda’s namesake aerobics label proved too   and quickly folded. The 40 pieces from Atelier Versace that Ms. Fonda is auctioning are the standouts of the sale. The garments run the gamut from her flamboyant Oscar gowns to embellished couture that Lesage, the venerable Paris embroidery house, produced by channeling Gianni Versace’s inimitable   take on Picasso’s Rose Period and Robert Delaunay’s abstract paintings. Many of the pieces were selected for Ms. Fonda by Mr. Versace after they met in 1989. In the midst of divorcing her second husband, Tom Hayden, at the time, she had controversially acquired breast implants and was dating a    Italian soccer goalkeeper, Lorenzo Caccialanza. “I was in Italy with him, and I met Gianni then,” Ms. Fonda recalled. “Gianni kind of took me under his wing. And whenever I would do a red carpet, he would supply my clothes. He gave me dresses, belts, gloves and shoes. He was very generous. ” Ms. Fonda sees no conflict between her political stances and her flaunting of Versace, a label that was often criticized for dressing supermodels in bondage numbers. “I used to think, ‘I have to be very serious,’” she admitted. “But being a feminist is not about the antithesis of being sexy or looking good. ” As the daughter of a Golden Era Hollywood actor, Ms. Fonda likely noticed as his contemporaries, like Lauren Bacall and Audrey Hepburn, often walked off film sets with their wardrobes. The garments were made by skilled costume designers whose work was often on par with couturiers. Ms. Fonda continued the practice, and three dresses by the   costume designer Ann Roth, which she wore in the 1981 film “Rollover,” are up for grabs. “Rollover,” a financial thriller, predated “Wall Street” and “The Big Short. ” But it flopped. “We couldn’t get the script right,” Ms. Fonda said. Although her life eventually reflected the part she had played  —   a film star who “gave it all up” to become the wife of an industrialist  —   she made good use of her glam wardrobe. A decade after making the movie, Ms. Fonda quit acting and donned the   lace “Rollover” gown to marry Mr. Turner. A sumptuous sequined velvet gown from the film went to the White House when Ms. Fonda accompanied him to a 1994 dinner for the Emperor and Empress of Japan. “I am very much in favor of wearing things more than once,” Ms. Fonda said. Two months went into the making of this Schiaparelli couture gown, which Ms. Fonda wore at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival premiere of “Youth. ” Paolo Sorrentino’s drama, in which Ms. Fonda portrayed an aging starlet, was competing for the Palme d’Or prize. “Jane was very proud of the movie, and she wanted to make a special moment of the premiere,” said a Schiaparelli spokeswoman who worked on the dress with Ms. Fonda and her stylist, Tanya Gill. So in a departure from the   Versace dresses Ms. Fonda has made her signature at Cannes, working the red carpet as a L’Oréal Paris spokeswoman (the cosmetics company sponsors the festival) she opted for a regal full skirt and   gown, which was adapted from a 1952 Elsa Schiaparelli design. “It was a lot of fun to wear,” Ms. Fonda said. “It felt really good. ”",0
8755,Brexit and the Law,"by Lambert Strether 
Lambert: A round-up of Brexit options, hard and soft. Wouldn’t the Brits have an easier time of it if they wrote their Constitution down? 
By Silvia Merler, an Italian citizen, who joined Bruegel as Affiliate Fellow at Bruegel in August 2013. Her main research interests include international macro and financial economics, central banking and EU institutions and policy making. Originally published at Bruegel . 
What’s at stake: last week, the UK High Court ruled that the triggering of Article 50 – and therefore the Brexit process – should involve the UK Parliament. The Government will appeal the decision but this has created a new wave of uncertainty about the timing of Brexit, and on what this involvement can mean in practice. We review the different opinions. 
Jo Murkens on the LSE blog has a very good explainer of the legal basis of the judgement, which he considers exemplary in its clarity and reasoning. The decision’s focus is strictly constitutional, not political: the only question it examined was whether, as a matter of UK constitutional law, the Crown, acting through the government, is entitled to use prerogative powers to trigger Article 50 in order to cease to be a member of the European Union. This – it turns out – hinges on a balance between constitutional requirements and individual rights. 
Article 50 allows the UK to withdraw from the EU “in accordance with its own constitutional requirements”. Turning to these requirements, the government argued that the Crown – through the government – has a prerogative power to authorise the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, and that this power can only be taken away by express terms in an Act of Parliament. The court acknowledges the government’s position as correct, but only with respect to rights and obligations created as a matter of international law. As soon as individual rights protected by domestic law are affected, Parliament must be involved, especially because some individual rights would be lost upon withdrawal, as they cannot be replicated in UK law. Murkens argues that the decision amounts to a proper drubbing for the government particularly because it was not the claimants that landed the hammer blow, but the government itself, by acknowledging that the Art.50 notification would inevitably lead to the loss of some individual rights. The next stop, however, is the UK Supreme Court. 
David Allen Green writes in the FT that the High Court decision is as strong as it could be and creates a substantial problem for the prime minister’s Brexit policy. The government should look hard at the reason for the court’s judgment. Central to the judges’ thinking is the impact that leaving the EU will have on the rights of UK citizens: the court has said that extinguishing such rights cannot be done by mere executive action. But the problem is more than one of form. The difficult and interlocking legal issues created by the UK leaving the EU are such that the matter is not for a prime minister, or indeed a court, to decide. 
Allen Green argues that the government is not taking the opportunity offered by the judgment to start the exercise again, properly: an appeal has been announced and the court has been denounced. Those in favour of the UK remaining in the EU can draw only limited comfort from the decision, because there is no reason to believe parliament will directly defy the result of the referendum. The only thing that has been undermined by the High Court’s decision is May’s superficial approach to achieving Brexit. Eventually, the government will have to adopt a broader, more collaborative and more open approach to the process, as there is no alternative to making a success of it. 
Camilla Macdonald discusses three options and argues that the ruling is not a victory for “soft” Brexit. The first option is for the government to succeed in overturning the result on appeal to the Supreme Court. MPs will then have the chance to debate at length, but they will have lost the leverage over the Government that the current ruling affords them. Second, the Government may lose the appeal and yet manage to “face down the rebels” in the Commons in time to meet May’s timetable of triggering Article 50 by March. This could be achieved by passing a non-amendable motion that presents MPs with a binary choice to approve or reject triggering article 50, assuming most MPs would not dare to risk the ire of the leave voting public. The third option – which Macdonald considers the most likely – is that the Government loses its appeal and is forced to introduce primary legislation, i.e. a Brexit bill, that will make it difficult, but not impossible, to meet the deadline. This is likely to force the Government to make concessions to MPs, but not necessarily in any form that will amount to a commitment to a “soft” Brexit. 
“Soft Brexit” is what the majority of Labour, the Liberal Democrats, the SNP and part of Conservatives now want, but the biggest obstacle to this outcome is the lack of unity and of a negotiating strategy among this would-be coalition. In this situation, it is hard to see what red lines could be imposed on the government. Yet, Mcdonald thinks that involving Parliament in a process that will ultimately be defined by many complex and cross-cutting trade-offs might help to dispel the myths of simplistic “hard” and “soft” labelling. Nationalist parties would no longer plausibly be able to claim that they are excluded and the ruling could end up being an important victory for thought and reflection over rabble rousing on both sides. 
Jolyon Maugham writes on FT Alphaville that after the High Court’s Brexit decision, we should forget about the activation of Article 50 in March. The Government’s appeal is likely to be heard in the Supreme Court in early December and this opens new risks. Lingering, unaddressed, in the background to this litigation is a question about whether an Article 50 notification is reversible. The High Court in reality proceeded on the assumption that a notification, once given, could not be withdrawn. But the Supreme Court has a different legal obligation and it might feel legally compelled to address that assumption directly. Addressing it would require a politically explosive referral to the European Court of Justice, because the question of whether a notification is reversible is one of European law. Beside the likely delay of around three months, a finding by the Supreme Court that an Article 50 notification could be “pulled” would leave ajar the door to a prospectively damaging continuation of the Referendum campaign until the time exit is formalised. 
Assuming instead that the appeal fails, the government will have to draft a Bill and place it before parliament. And that Bill would have to pass both Houses of parliament. In the Commons there would be little or no enthusiasm for rejecting it, but it is likely that MPs would impose conditions on the triggering of Article 50, thus constraining the government’s negotiating position. Parliament may wish to choose whether to accept the outcome of the negotiations and it may even require that the deal negotiated by the government be put back to the people in the form of a second referendum. In practical terms, it is difficult to contemplate that these steps – drafting a Bill, debating it in the Commons, voting on amendments, placing it before the House of Lords and then addressing amendments introduced by the Upper Chamber in the Commons again – can sensibly be taken after the result of the Supreme Court appeal is known but before March. So, unless the Supreme Court overturns the High Court’s decision, Maugham thinks we should consider May’s March deadline ancient history. 
Stephen Booth at Open Europe makes four main points about what this decision means going forward. First, if Government loses the appeal, then legislation is likely to be necessary. The reasoning of the ruling illustrates that, if the claimants’ argument holds (which regards rights stemming from EU membership set down in parliamentary legislation), the courts were never likely to be satisfied by anything short of legislation to trigger Article 50. Second, parliamentary moves to block Article 50 trigger would be politically explosive. It is unlikely that a majority of MPs in the Commons would actually move to block Brexit by preventing the Government triggering Article 50, especially having voted to give the public the opportunity to vote to leave the EU in the referendum. Booth argues that the same is probably true for the House of Lords, which would create a full-blown constitutional crisis if it opposed Article 50 outright. 
Third, Parliament’s leverage over process is far greater than over any negotiating mandate or outcome. So process is likely to be the focus of any parliamentary tussles over legislation to trigger Article 50, with MPs and Lords seeking to amend the Bill to give them greater and more formal powers to scrutinise. Fourth, Booth argues that a general election is not out of the question. This would certainly mean missing the end of March 2017 deadline but would also mean that any MPs seen to be blocking the referendum result would find it very hard to keep hold of their seats and this is why he thinks it is likely that an Article 50 Bill would be passed. 
Jacob Funk Kirkegaard of the Peterson Institute for International Economics argues that for now, this turn of events exposes the hypocrisy of May’s government position of wanting to repatriate all EU political powers back to the United Kingdom, but wishing to deny the country’s sovereign lawmakers a say on the Article 50 process. Whatever happens, the court ruling has dealt a blow to the small right-wing clique of hardcore euro skeptics in the Conservative Party and May’s government and the potential direct involvement of Parliament is good political news for Jeremy Corbyn, leader of the Labour Party – as his only path to becoming prime minister is the one that opens up if May and the Conservatives completely botch the Brexit negotiations. He also argues that this should also harden further the EU negotiating position. These developments make it more likely that May will soon be forced to call an early election to seek a new mandate on Brexit. The Conservatives would probably win, but an accelerating economic downturn, the United Kingdom’s first past-the-post-electoral system, and a potential rallying of Remain supporters, could spring a surprise. 
Tyler Cowen argues that the British parliamentary vote might matter. The more likely scenario in his view is simply that Parliament stalls, demanding that Theresa May give them “the right Brexit”. Of course there is no such thing, wrong Brexit is wrong Brexit, if only because EU-27 cannot agree on very much. But with enough stalling, eventually another national election will be held and of course Brexit would be a major issue, probably the major issue. That in essence would serve as a second referendum, and if anti-Brexit candidates did well enough, parliamentarians would have cover to go against the previous expression of the public will. 0 0 0 0 0 0",0
8756,Bear enjoys sprinkler—memorable and heartwarming,"FILMS & VIDEOS OF NOTE PATRICE GREANVILLE 
T he images are eloquent , so I will add nothing along those lines. But think of this: The world is still crammed with countless moral imbeciles who get their kicks killing these creatures. In the USA it is a huge community of depraved bastards with a huge industry behind them, a vociferous gun lobby, and a pliant, worthless and utterly prostituted political class and media. Don’t get me wrong: I’m NOT a liberal. I am not seeking a ban on guns as that is a useless and unenforceable pursuit in a nation like the US. That train left the station a long time ago. And frankly I don’t like the notion of disarming the citizenry, especially when the corporate-sponsored police state is growing by leaps and bounds, visibly and covertly, right under our noses. What I am against is for humans to train their guns (and bows and arrows and other pestilential forms of weaponry) on helpless animals minding their business in a dwindling natural space. All to get some cheap kicks. A “legal crime”—how’s that for a glaring oxymoron— defended by a multitude of largely unchallenged baloney. 
One of the million reasons why the squandering of media time on crap—political lies and cheap escapism— is a huge tragedy for humanity and those weaker species who depend on it. Meanwhile, visions like this should be used creatively by animal campaigners to push back against hunter propaganda, for example. The material is there. But the ineptitude of animal campaigners, especially the big orgs, is simply embarrassing. A disgrace.  ",0
8757,"Move Over Cotton, Say Hello to Hemp — The ‘Forbidden’ Crop That is Taking the World by Storm","by PAUL FASSA 
Allowing and encouraging domestic hemp cultivation would be a boon for small farmers, especially organic farmers. I’m talking only about industrial hemp, not medical cannabis/marijuana, which continues to prove its merits and gain acceptance 
Industrial hemp’s use should be a no-brainer. But it’s a complex boondoggle of legal and bureaucratic nonsense even without THC, the molecule that leads to “Reefer Madness” . Industrial hemp commercial cultivation is legal in Canada. But the USA hemp industry was pushed to the side by government connected industry insiders whose monopolies were threatened when it appeared hemp may boom and compete for the very products of their monopolist concerns. 
Circa 1937, the hemp industry had been given a mechanical invention gift known as the decoricator machine was invented. It was a machine that was to hemp what the 19th Century cotton gin was. It replaced hand shredding of hemp to glean its fibers, fibers that could be used for textiles, clothing, paper, and plastic. 
With the advent of the decoricator, hemp would have been able to take over competing industries in paper, textiles for clothing and other applications, fuel, and plastics. Growing hemp in abundance was easy, and it’s plant to harvest time was no more than six months. 
According to Popular Mechanics during that time, “10,000 acres devoted to hemp will produce as much paper as 40,000 acres of average [forest] pulp land.” Then a small number of large businesses with competition concerns used high level government connections to push through the Marijuana Tax Act of 1937. 
The ensuing marijuana scares hyped by movies such as “Reefer Madness” brought about more legislation that would prohibit all hemp cultivation, even hemp without THC. 
Prior to this, even without the high speed decoricator, hemp was an easy cash crop for small farmers, some of whom were recruited to continue cultivating hemp during WW II to provide hemp fibers for U.S. Naval ships’ ropes as well as other military applications. 
And prior to that, hemp was so important during colonial and early American times that farmers were virtually required to cultivate it along with their other crops. 
George Washington –“Make the most you can of the Indian Hemp seed and sow it everywhere.” 
Thomas Jefferson –“Hemp is of first necessity to the wealth and protection of the country.” 
Hemp for Nutrition 
Hulled hemp seeds, their powders and cold pressed oils provide all the essential amino acids for easily digested high protein. Hemp is not only very high in omega-3, but it provides an almost perfect ratio of omega-3 to omega-6. 
It is truly a super food that you can buy in health food stores or online. The seeds come from Canada, where industrial hemp is legal . Hemp is so nutritionally dense that one could survive on hemp seeds alone during extreme food shortages. If hemp were legal, you could easily grow your own. Hemp Improves Farming 
Hemp plants don’t need pesticides or synthetic fertilizers, which rely mostly on the phosphate industry. A phosphate industry byproduct is the sodium fluoride that is sold to municipality water works for our poisoned tap water. 
The runoff from fields of phosphate fertilizers into waterways that merge with seawater is causing all sorts of nitrogen and phosphorous excesses and imbalances, leading to algae that stifles the water’s ecological support systems. 
Hemp’s thick roots ward off weeds, and growing hemp improves the soil’s nitrogen, making that soil better for other crops. They would be useful and lucrative rotation crops for organic farmers. 
Hemp plants have a growth cycle of only four months. In mild climates, harvesting hemp two times in one year would create an annual cash cow for farmers. The marijuana taboo is eliminated by allowing the male plants to continually pollinate the female plants. This reduces psychotropic THC to legal levels. 
Eliminating Toxic Petrochemical Plastics 
There is a clump of plastic waste residue larger than the state of Texas floating in the middle of the Pacific. A lot of it is expected to decompose, creating a plastic soup in the ocean. The toxins from this plastic soup spread out into other oceanic regions and are hazardous to fish and bird wildlife. This soup could find its way into our kitchens as well! 
All kinds of plastics are produced with hemp, from clear wraps for foods to automobile parts. Hemp plastics are durable and heat resistant. And they are bio-degradable. Recently the French auto industry use hemp to manufacture some of its automobile parts. Henry Ford pioneered this in 1941 when he built his “vegetable car” with hemp and flax. It was stronger and lighter than steel cars. 
Ford’s hemp-mobile also used hemp bio-diesel fuel, which creates very little pollution. The petroleum industry didn’t want to see or hear that. Hemp seeds were even used to make paints and lacquers in the mid-1930s. 
Petrochemical plastics for all purposes could be replaced with hemp plastics that are non-toxic and bio-degradable. Bye-bye BPA! 
Construction Materials for Housing 
Amazingly, housing construction materials made from hemp fibers have been discovered to be superior to most cheap materials used in housing construction these days. Ever see a house under construction after its initial framing? 
What you’ll usually see before whatever exterior coating is used are sheets of wood substitutes, either pasteboard or particle board or pressboards, some of which are processed and bound with toxic chemicals that can off-gas into interior quarters. It’s cheaper than other materials and used abundantly. 
Inexpensive hemp can be made into various different building materials, hempcrete, fiberboard, carpet, stucco, cement blocks, insulation, and plastic. Those materials are stronger and much longer lasting than what’s being used currently. They are also mold and rot free and more fire resistant. And they are environmentally and ecologically friendly and non-toxic. More Trees for Tree Huggers 
Pulp from trees is used to make paper. But anything wood pulp can do, hemp fibers can do better. It’s said that the original Constitution and Bill of Rights were on hemp paper. 
Paper from trees can be recycled maybe three times. Hemp paper can be recycled eight times. Since hemp was effectively banned in the USA since 1937, 70% of the USA’s forests have been eliminated. It takes years for trees to grow. Hemp can be gown and harvested within six months. 
It’s estimated that one acre of hemp produces more oxygen from CO2 and methane than 25 acres of forest. One idea presented by hemp advocates is to have inner city hemp plots to improve urban air quality. We wouldn’t need bogus carbon tax legislation. 
Pulping trees for paper creates more waste, pollution, and consumes more energy than most enterprises. This industry consumes more water than almost all others. It is the fifth largest industry consumer of energy, and it emits a good deal of toxicity in the process. 
“Why use up the forests which were centuries in the making and the mines which required ages to lay down, if we can get the equivalent of forest and mineral products in the annual growth of the hemp fields?” — Henry Ford 
Anything the petrochemical industry can produce, hemp can do better without toxic environmental and human consequences. Deforesting could be a thing of the past if hemp became the major source of construction materials and paper. Heavily pesticide and herbicide sprayed or GMO cotton wouldn’t be necessary, nor would toxic synthetic fibers. 
Amazing how such an easily cultivated plant with so many beneficial applications has been so efficiently suppressed by the one or two percent for their purposes while too many among the 98% agreed with that suppression. 

Paul Fassa is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. His pet peeves are the Medical Mafia’s control over health and the food industry and government regulatory agencies’ corruption that harms more than most realize. Visit his blog by following this link and follow him on Twitter here .",0
8758,Comment on What White House Executive Chef Comerford Would Cook For President Hillary’s First Meal by Tony Rabon,"adobochron 1 Comment Comerford 
WASHINGTON, D.C. ( The Adobo Chronicles, Washington Bureau) – White House executive chef, Filipino-American Cristeta Comerford, has revealed what she would cook for President Hillary Clinton’s first meal when she moves (back) to the presidential residence. That is, of course, assuming the Clintons will continue to retain her services. 
It would be pancit, that signature noodle dish closely identified with the Philippines. 
When asked by The Adobo Chronicles why she chose pancit, Comerford said that pancit represents long life and a ‘long term,’ meaning she was hoping Hillary would be elected to a second four-year term like her predecessor and current boss, President Barack Obama. Filipino pancit (Photo: MyBayKitchen.com) 
We were hoping she’d say “chicken or pork adobo” but we agree with her rationale for choosing pancit. Rate this:",0
8759,"Exposing Huma Abedin, Rigged Election Computers & the Man Behind the Rigged Silver Market","Exposing Huma Abedin, Rigged Election Computers & the Man Behind the Rigged Silver Market Posted on Home » Silver » Silver News » Exposing Huma Abedin, Rigged Election Computers & the Man Behind the Rigged Silver Market 
Is it finally time to EXPOSE the rigging of the Gold and Silver markets? The rising silver price today may be our clue to that mystery: 

From Bix Weir : 
As I’ve said before – this battle is way more complicated and has deeper implications than just the Presidential Election. This is about taking down the Bad Guys and all their embedded moles in the government and in the financial institutions. 
So here we go with exposing just WHO Hillary Clinton trusted with all our “State Secrets.” 
A quick introduction to Huma Abedin… 
But the Bad Guys still have power over the rigged electronic voting machines so it may have to come down to an armed STREET WAR unless the Bad Guys stand down. 
It’s getting more and more likely that there will BE NO ELECTION on November 8th unless the Good Guys better unleash EVERYTHING they have on the emails before we get too close to election day. 
Also, I have noticed a lot of talk about the Clinton’s relationship with Marc Rich again. Is it finally time to EXPOSE the rigging of the Gold and Silver markets? The rising silver price today may be our clue to that mystery!",0
8760,Pentagon Confronts a New Threat From ISIS: Exploding Drones - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Kurdish forces fighting the Islamic State in northern Iraq last week shot down a small drone the size of a model airplane. They believed it was like the dozens of drones the terrorist organization had been flying for reconnaissance in the area, and they transported it back to their outpost to examine it. But as they were taking it apart, it blew up, killing two Kurdish fighters in what is believed to be one of the first times the Islamic State has successfully used a drone with explosives to kill troops on the battlefield. In the last month, the Islamic State has tried to use small drones to launch attacks at least two other times, prompting American commanders in Iraq to issue a warning to forces fighting the group to treat any type of small flying aircraft as a potential explosive device. The Islamic State has used surveillance drones on the battlefield for some time, but the attacks  —   all targeting Iraqi troops  —   have highlighted its success in adapting readily accessible technology into a potentially effective new weapon. American advisers say drones could be deployed against coalition forces by the terrorist group in the battle in Mosul. For some American military analysts and drone experts, the episodes confirmed their view that the Pentagon  —   which is still struggling to come up with ways to bring down drones  —   was slow to anticipate that militants would turn drones into weapons. “We should have been ready for this, and we weren’t,” said P. W. Singer, a specialist on robotic weaponry at New America, a think tank in Washington. Military officials said that the Pentagon has dedicated significant resources to stopping drones, but that few Iraqi and Kurdish units have been provided with the sophisticated devices that the American troops have to disarm them. The officials said they have ordered the Pentagon agency in charge of dealing with explosive devices  —   known as the Joint   Defeat Organization  —   to study ways to thwart hostile drones. This summer, the Pentagon requested an additional $20 million from Congress to help address the problem. In recent months, the Central Intelligence Agency and the Defense Intelligence Agency both rushed to complete classified assessments about the Islamic State’s drone use. And the secretary of the Army, Eric Fanning, recently assigned a special office he had created to respond to emerging threats and to study how to stop drones. Unlike the American military, which flies drones as large as small passenger planes that need to take off and land on a runway, the Islamic State is using simpler, commercially available drones such as the DJI Phantom, which can be purchased on Amazon. The group attaches small explosive devices to them, essentially making them remotely piloted bombs. “This is an enemy that learns as it goes along,” said Lt. Gen. Sean MacFarland, the top American military commander in Iraq until August. Of the three known drone attacks in Iraq, only the one involving the Kurdish soldiers caused casualties. “The explosive device inside was disguised as a battery  —   there was a very small amount of explosives in it, but it was enough to go off and kill them,” said a senior American official who had been provided with a detailed report on the episode. Last week, the Islamic State used a drone strapped with an explosive to attack a checkpoint. The device did not kill anyone but destroyed buildings. On Oct. 1, Iraqi troops shot down a drone that was only a foot long and a foot wide but had a small explosive attached to the top. “The drone could only hold one small bomb in the middle of it  —   no bigger load could be on it,” said Gen. Tahseen Sayid, a senior Iraqi officer in the area. The Islamic State first used drones to film suicide car bomb attacks, which militants have posted online. But American and Iraqi commanders said that earlier this year it became clear the group was using drones to help them on the battlefield. In March, General MacFarland and American military commanders in Baghdad received an intelligence report that the Islamic State had posted surveillance video online that had been taken by a small drone. The video footage showed a newly created series of bases in northern Iraq where American and Iraqi forces were stationed. Just days after the video was put up, a Katyusha rocket landed in the middle of an outpost of more than 100 American Marines, killing one who was rushing to get others to shelter in a nearby bunker. The strike was so accurate that military officials described it as a “golden shot” to pierce the defenses put in place, and there was speculation that a drone was used in the targeting. General MacFarland said he did not believe the footage  —   which did not include positional data like GPS locations  —   helped militants. “It couldn’t be used for precise targeting,” he said in a recent email exchange. “Its value was limited to propaganda. ” In the weeks afterward, American forces in the area unleashed a barrage of retaliatory airstrikes against Islamic State fighters who had launched the drone. “Whatever capability they had, they lost a lot of it,” General MacFarland said, referring to the Islamic State’s operations in the area. Throughout the summer, however, American troops in Iraq and Syria reported seeing small drones hovering near their bases and around the front lines in northern Iraq. In August, the Islamic State called on its followers to   small   drones with grenades or other explosives and use them to launch attacks at the Olympics. There were ultimately no such attacks at the Games. On the battlefields in Iraq and Syria, the United States has dedicated resources to take out the Islamic State’s drone capabilities. In the past 18 months, the United States has launched at least eight airstrikes that have destroyed Islamic State drones on the ground, according to news releases from the American military command in Baghdad. Despite these efforts, military analysts believe that drones will continue to be a problem in Iraq, Syria and elsewhere. A new report by the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point says that in the future,    drones used by terrorist groups will be able to carry heavier payloads, fly and loiter longer, venture farther from their controller and employ secure communications links. The center provided an advance copy of the report to The New York Times. “The number and sophistication of drones used is also likely to enhance the scope and seriousness of the threat,” said Don Rassler, the center’s director of strategic initiatives.",0
8761,"The Healing Plant: Medical Marijuana, Hemp, And Cannabis Oil","By Wes Annac, Editor, Culture of Awareness & Openhearted Rebel In just a few decades, we’ve been flooded with information about a plant that’s been suppressed for nearly a century but is finally... ",0
8762,RAF Jets Escort Pakistan Airlines Flight to London,"LONDON (AP)  —   Royal Air Force fighter jets escorted a Pakistani civilian airliner to Stansted Airport near London on Tuesday after a passenger became disruptive, police and the British military said. [advertisement",0
8763,IPhone 7 and Wireless Headphones: Analyzing Apple’s Announcements - The New York Times,"SAN FRANCISCO  —   Apple unveiled new iPhones at an event on Wednesday, as it has done every September for the last few years. The event, held in San Francisco’s Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, was the company’s most important outing of the year. Even as the iPhone remains the outsize producer of Apple’s revenue and profit, sales of the smartphone have recently been declining. So more than ever, the onus is on Apple to keep up excitement for the gadget. What was different this time was that people were focused on something that the new iPhones lack, rather than a flashy new feature. The item that disappeared is the traditional headphone jack, with Apple turning people toward wireless headphones instead. Brian X. Chen, Farhad Manjoo and Katie Benner were at the event to provide live analysis of what you need to know about the announcements, not what you don’t. Here’s what Apple  announced: ■ New iPhones, called the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. ■ The new iPhones lack a headphone jack. ■ The new iPhones have a revised home button with force sensitivity, which will vibrate to give feedback. ■ The iPhones are  . ■ The Plus model of the new iPhone includes a   camera to take   photos. ■ A new Apple Watch, called Apple Watch Series 2, which includes GPS. ■ Pokémon Go is available for Apple Watch. ■ An update on how Apple Music is performing. ■ Tweaks to its iWork suite of productivity apps. Farhad: This was a tricky event because there wasn’t much new to the products. The iPhone has the same design as last year’s (and the one the year before) and the major new thing is   …     a missing headphone jack. So what I was watching for was Apple’s reality distortion field: How will Apple’s C. E. O. Tim Cook, and friends convince us that taking away a feature is really an advance for the iPhone? Brian: As Farhad said, the new iPhones  —   and also the Watches  —   look largely the same as their predecessors. The takeaway for me was that Apple focused on making the most significant changes to the tiniest components: camera sensors, upgraded chips, a revised home button and the addition of GPS to the watch. I get the impression that they are saving the big changes for the 10th anniversary of the iPhone next year. So if consumers can hold off a year for the next iPhone, I’d encourage them to wait. But for owners of iPhones that are at least two years old, these are going to be major upgrades  —   if you find a way to cope with the lack of a headphone jack. Katie: Apple didn’t offer a new killer product or a drastic update to any of the products in its lineup. Instead, Apple piled on new features  —   like   stereo speakers, wireless headphones and camera features  —   to appeal to specific niche buyers. Frank Gillett at Forrester Research called this strategy an accumulation of compelling new features that Apple hopes will “motivate the trend followers to buy new iPhones, and expose other buyers to the benefits they’ve built into iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2. ” Perhaps more important, Apple was trying to cobble together a credible story for the future from these incremental moves  —   that a wireless world is coming and that it will be the leader in that world. Farhad: Apple likes road maps. That’s what you saw today. The company clearly has deep,   plans for the iPhone  —   it wants to improve wireless functioning, it wants to keep pushing on the camera, and it will keep improving performance without sacrificing battery life. The problem for Apple is that the steps along the way to achieving its goals aren’t always that exciting. This is one of those years: There are lots of incremental improvements, but nothing stands out as a  . Someday, Apple is telling us, all these increments will add up to something unimaginably amazing. Right now, though, the moves look puzzling  —   we really did not get a good defense for removing the headphone jack  —   and we may just have to live with the confusion. Katie: For the past few quarters, Apple has emphasized that services and software will drive growth as iPhone revenue ebbs. At Wednesday’s event, Mr. Cook underlined that. He kicked off the morning with updates on two of the company’s most important software and services divisions  —   Apple Music and the App Store. “We’ve always had a deep love for music,” Mr. Cook said. “It inspires us, and it’s a key part of our product experience. ” Mr. Cook said the company had 17 million subscribers after about a year for Apple Music and added that the music service would be the “premier destination for exclusive music,” nodding to the idea that the company will use its huge war chest to lock up deals with artists. Brian: In another nod to software, Mr. Cook said Super Mario is coming to the App Store. Nintendo, the struggling video game company, long refused to offer its games and franchise characters on mobile devices, but the company recently did a 180, with Pokémon Go as a recent example. The change seems more beneficial to Nintendo than to Apple. Pokémon Go was a huge success, at least initially, proving that app stores are a viable revenue stream for Nintendo beyond its consoles. Apple also announced a new version of iWork, its suite of productivity apps that rival Microsoft Office and Google’s productivity apps. The tweaked version of iWork will include   collaboration, meaning multiple people can work on documents and presentation slides at the same time. It’s good that these changes are coming to iWork, but Microsoft and Google have been offering   collaboration tools for years already. Farhad: The education market has been important to Apple for decades, and for the last few years it has pushed the iPad as the perfect school computer. It did so again today, with those tweaks to its iWork software aimed at schools. But Apple has lately faced more competition from rivals, especially Google, whose cheap and simple Chromebook has become one of the   machines at schools. For both companies  —   and lately for other tech rivals, including Amazon  —   the education market functions as a gateway. Get them early, win them for life. Brian: The new Apple Watch is called Apple Watch Series 2. It emphasizes fitness and health, with Apple showing a video of runners, gymnasts and swimmers using the watch. One major criticism of Apple Watch was that it did a bit of everything and did not have any strengths. Apple is trying to beef up the fitness capabilities, similar to Fitbit. The new version is   up to 50 meters (164 feet). It also includes GPS for tracking runs. The watch is faster than the previous version. Katie: Whether Apple Watch has been successful or not has largely been a mystery. Apple doesn’t break out Watch revenue in its earnings. But Mr. Cook pulled back the curtain a little when he revealed that Apple is now the No. 2 global watch brand, measured by revenue, behind Rolex. The Apple Watch is also the   smartwatch, even though a killer app has yet to emerge for the watch. The company is hoping to change that with the introduction of a Pokémon Go app for the watch. Brian: It’s important to note that Apple Watch sales don’t appear to be growing much. IDC, the research firm, estimates that Apple Watch market share in the wearables market shrank 56. 7 percent last quarter compared to the same period last year. That’s largely because consumers have probably been waiting for a new version to come out before deciding whether to buy a watch. It’s definitely still a nascent device. Farhad: This is the first Apple event in a few years that didn’t feature any redesigned hardware. But there is a new ceramic finish for the Watch that comes closest to some new design. The gleaming white finish is in some ways a return to the past for Apple. (Remember all those white computers from the early 2000s?) But beyond that, it’s always interesting when Apple discovers a new material for use in its devices. You usually notice some new process or material start in one product and then wend its way throughout the company’s lineup over a few years’ time. In other words, three years from now, we may have   ceramic phones. A man can dream, anyway. Brian: For now, my advice to consumers: I see no compelling reason for people with Version One of the device to upgrade unless they are fitness buffs. The addition of GPS gives the Apple Watch a slight edge against Fitbit’s Blaze, a comparable smartwatch that lacks GPS. But until we get to try the software, it’s tough to tell how the new Apple Watch’s fitness capabilities will compare to accessories from Fitbit. Fitbit’s products are popular partly because the apps are so well designed for monitoring health statistics, including footsteps, calories and weight. So GPS isn’t necessarily the magic bullet. Katie: Leading up to the event, the most ballyhooed update was Apple’s decision to eliminate the headphone jack. On Wednesday, Phil Schiller, Apple’s marketing chief, saved that announcement for last. Removing the port for standard headphones means users now have to connect their headphones to the iPhone through the charging port. “From the start we designed Lightning to be a great digital audio connector,” Mr. Schiller said. The update may have its detractors in the days after the announcement, but Apple has a long history of making hardware changes that the industry eventually follows, including the decision to change floppy disk sizes in the old Mac days and, more recently, the decision to take away laptop ports. Apple will include new Lightning earbuds, and an adapter, in the box. Why remove the headphone jack, a technology that people seem to like? Mr. Schiller summed it up in one word: “Courage. ” Farhad: Apple said the most important reason it’s removing the headphone jack is because it believes in a “wireless future” for audio. It’s making that future a reality with a new set of wireless headphones, called AirPods. They look like Apple’s wired earbuds, without the wires they apparently just slip in your ears. Perhaps more important than the earbuds themselves is the wireless technology Apple is using to power them. The company is using Bluetooth, and Apple says its chips improve the technology by connecting faster and using less power. If Apple has perfected a new, proprietary way of doing this, it could prove an important innovation for lots of future wireless products, including home devices, cars and wearables. Brian: Jony Ive, Apple’s design chief, said in a video at the event that we are “just at the beginning of a truly wireless future. ” But wireless earphones have been around for years, and Bluetooth wireless technology has become excellent. This is another example of Apple’s being a latecomer to a market and saying it will make a better product than earlier ones. Farhad: The reality distortion was in force in other ways. In true Apple fashion, we got a   video into the development process for the iPhone 7, with not even a nod to the fact that the phone looks nearly identical to the one Apple released last year and the one the year before. Because it has a new color and a new Apple logo, Apple insists it’s “a beautiful new design. ” I’m sure there are minor differences  —   the antenna band is different  —   but it seems too rich to call it a new design. Too rich, except for Apple. One area where I do give Apple points on the iPhone is the focus on the camera. Apple made a strategic decision a few years ago to plow a lot of development resources into the iPhone camera. That has paid off: The iPhone’s camera has long surpassed most other smartphone cameras, and for many people, it’s better than most   cameras. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus continue that trend. The Plus model features two cameras, which allows for  . Even the smaller phone’s camera includes features to improve your snapshots. If the pictures Apple showed off are any guide, the iPhone’s camera is fast closing in on all but the most   of cameras. Look forward to more of those “Shot on iPhone” billboards.",0
8764,Experimental GM crops from Dow Chemical and DuPont fail to repel pests,"Experimental GM crops from Dow Chemical and DuPont fail to repel pests 
Sunday, October 30, 2016 by: Ethan A. Huff, staff writer Tags: Herculex , Yield Guard , crop failures (NaturalNews) The utter failure of genetically-modified crops (GMOs) is once again on full display, this time with crop products made by companies other than the usual Monsanto . A novel variety of transgenic corn produced and marketed by both Dow Chemical Corporation and DuPont is not exactly working as claimed, new reports indicate, and agricultural experts are urging the chemical industry to immediately cease selling these failed products to farmers.Known as ""Herculex,"" the synthetic corn in question contains a gene modification that's supposed to prevent a pest known as the western bean cutworm from destroying crops. But so far, the genetic alteration has done nothing to stop this worm, which means farmers everywhere have been paying through their teeth for a technology that not only doesn't work , but that's also proprietary and exceptionally costly, especially when compared to non-GMO and organic crops that are open-source, and are not patented or owned by multi-national corporations.A group of six entomologists published an open letter to the seed industry in a recent issue of Purdue University's Pest & Crop Newsletter , calling on those involved to do the right thing and fess up to the fact that Herculex doesn't work. Farmers will soon be gearing up to plant next year's crops, and they need to know that it's best to look elsewhere for corn that's not going to result in massive yield reductions.""People are frustrated and angry and, more importantly, yield was lost,"" the letter states. ""Before growers make seed choices for 2017, we again urge the seed industry to acknowledge the reality of what is happening in the field."" DuPont quietly admits Herculex doesn't work, but refuses to take responsibility In typical corporate fashion, the owners of Herculex are refusing to take the letter seriously, resorting instead to excuses and legal speak to try to explain away the GM crop's failure. Rather than pull the Herculex product from the market, DuPont, according to Bloomberg , has instead decided to merely decreased its efficiency rating in the company's 2017 Product Use Guide from ""very good"" to ""moderate.""DuPont has also issued an accompanying statement urging farmers to add other inputs to try to control cutworms, including spraying additional chemical insecticides. In other words, Herculex doesn't actually work, and DuPont's solution is to have farmers just go ahead and blast away with all those endocrine-disrupting, cancer-causing chemicals to kill anything and everything that might be living on or around the crop .It's basically the same advice that Monsanto is giving to farmers who foolishly adopted a similar GM corn product known as ""YieldGard"" that was supposed to deter the western corn root worm. The insecticidal proteins in this crop product, just like the one in Herculex – known as Cry1F – haven't lived up to all the wild marketing claims, and yet both Monsanto and DuPont's products continue to be sold to farmers.""Cry1F has failed in our states,"" the letter continues, adding that the scientists involved have already received dozens of calls and emails about the problem from concerned farmers. ""For growers in our states, the costs of scouting and spraying Cry1F corn negates a major reason they purchased and planted a hybrid with the trait in the first place.""If left to run their course, western bean cutworms and western corn root rooms will effectively eat up all the corn kernels and leave the plant defenseless, encouraging the growth of harmful fungi and mycotoxins. And since none of what the chemical industry has proposed as a solution is working, their only recommended option is to spray more glyphosate, dicamba, 2,4-D and other chemicals on their products. Sources for this article include:",0
8765,"Bill Maher, Faulted for Booking Milo Yiannopoulos, Takes Credit for His Fall - The New York Times","If you were disappointed that Bill Maher brought Milo Yiannopoulos onto his HBO show “Real Time” last week, Mr. Maher is not especially bothered. In a telephone interview on Tuesday night, Mr. Maher batted back criticism of the booking by arguing that the appearance of Mr. Yiannopoulos actually helped expose the incendiary   personality’s views to a wider audience and hasten his sudden downfall. Mr. Yiannopoulos’s collapse was set in motion Sunday when a conservative group called the Reagan Battalion resurfaced a 2016 interview in which he endorsed sexual relations with boys as young as 13. Mr. Yiannopoulos  —   known for a history of offensive remarks about Muslims, Jews, transgender people and other groups, and as a ringleader in a notorious incident of online harassment  —   lost a speaking slot at the Conservative Political Action Conference and a book deal with Simon  Schuster, and then said on Tuesday that he was resigning as a senior editor from Breitbart News. Mr. Maher has been dealing for days with the fallout from his booking of  Mr. Yiannopoulos. The journalist Jeremy Scahill, who had been scheduled to appear on the same episode, withdrew from the show. Mr. Maher has defended the booking on   grounds, saying last week that if Mr. Yiannopoulos was indeed a monster, “nothing could serve the liberal cause better than having him exposed. ” But following the show, Mr. Maher came under attack for the chummy and conciliatory vibe of his conversation with Mr. Yiannopoulos and for a panel segment, broadcast online, in which his guest made more inflammatory remarks that seemed to go unchallenged. Speaking on Tuesday night, Mr. Maher, who counts himself as a liberal, did not sound particularly chastened by these assessments. He said he knew his interview with Mr. Yiannopoulos would never be satisfactory to some viewers. “No matter what I did,” he said, “it was never going to be enough for that slice of liberalism that would much rather judge a friend than engage an enemy, because it’s easier. ” Mr. Maher spoke further about the experience of having Mr. Yiannopoulos on “Real Time” and its aftermath, and why he will continue to seek out provocative conservative guests. These are edited excerpts from that conversation. Given all that has transpired since Friday’s show, how do you feel now about your decision to have Milo Yiannopoulos as a guest, and how those segments transpired? Well, let’s recap. About a week ago, I went on Van Jones’s show, and somebody asked me about the booking. I hadn’t really gotten into the details of Milo yet. He was just getting on my radar. I said, specifically, sunlight is the best disinfectant. Then we had Milo on, despite the fact that many people said, “Oh, how dare you give a platform to this man. ” What I think people saw was an emotionally needy Ann Coulter wannabe, trying to make a buck off of the left’s propensity for outrage. And by the end of the weekend, by dinnertime Monday, he’s dropped as a speaker at CPAC. Then he’s dropped by Breitbart, and his book deal falls through. As I say, sunlight is the best disinfectant. You’re welcome. You think his appearance on “Real Time” helped lead to his downfall? That’s what I was just saying. And by the way, I wasn’t trying to get him removed from society. I’m somebody who, many times, people have tried to make go away. They were successful that one time, for six months in 23 years, because that’s how long it was between the two shows [“Real Time” and “Politically Incorrect,” Mr. Maher’s previous talk show, which aired on Comedy Central and ABC]. It just rubs me the wrong way when somebody says, “I don’t like what this person is saying  —   he should go away. ” Do you feel that way even about the kinds of things Milo was saying on your show, or in the other platforms he was given? Can he do damage? I suppose he can. To a degree. Not a great degree, I don’t think. Could he offend people? Could he even inspire a borderline person to do something violent? I guess so. But nothing is free in life. People seem to want to live in this world where everything is a  . That’s not how life works. Could there have been more accountability in your segments with him? For instance, it seemed like he was allowed to grossly understate his role in harassing Leslie Jones on Twitter.  It’s not my job to hold him accountable to everything he’s ever said or done. I had eight minutes with him, on the show itself. Sorry I don’t have time to go over everything everybody else would want to do. We just had time to, sort of, start a discussion of the broad view of who he is. I don’t think he frankly knows what he’s going to say half the time, or knows what his philosophy is. But to see him as this monster is a little crazy. You know what he is? He’s the little impish, bratty kid brother. And the liberals are his older teenager sisters who are having a sleepover and he puts a spider in their sleeping bag so he can watch them scream. So how does someone deal with a personality like Milo, who is going much, much further than other guests, saying things that are demonstrably false? The president says 10 things a day that are provably wrong. If I threw everyone off my show who says things that are provably wrong, I’d never book a conservative and probably half the liberals. When he said that transgender people have a “psychiatric disorder,” do you just move on from that? Move on? It dominated the entire [online] segment. The other guests attacked him. When I say, “That’s not unreasonable” [to not want to share a bathroom with a transgender person] it’s because women have said that to me: “I want to know,” or “I’m not comfortable with someone in the bathroom, even if they, in their minds, have decided they are a woman. ” Doesn’t that opinion count at all? But you don’t agree that transgender people have a psychiatric disorder.  No, I don’t agree with that. But I don’t know that much about the situation. If somebody feels like they’re a woman, fine, then you’re a woman. I’m O. K. with that. If they’ve studied that, and they say it’s not a psychiatric disorder, I’m O. K. with that too. If that’s what scientists decided, that it’s not any psychological disorder, it’s fine with me. I agree. Since the start of your new season, you have had other guests like Tomi Lahren and Piers Morgan  —   not nearly as provocative, but with whom liberal viewers aren’t likely to agree. Are you trying to create conflict on your panels, or rile up your audience? I’ve never tried to push anybody’s buttons. I think everybody else in TV  —   everybody else who does political commentary in a comedic way  —   they’re all in one box. It’s so predictable, what they’re going to do, which is, never say anything that would make anything  —   that would make any liberal give the slightest bit of discomfort. I do a show about what’s happening that week in the news. Trump is president. I’m glad that we have enough credibility with both sides, that people who are Trump supporters will still do the show. Going back to “Politically Incorrect,” you booked conservatives like Ann Coulter and Kellyanne Conway  —   —   And Laura Ingraham. We had a whole cadre of blond conservatives. There was a fourth woman conservative we used to book in those days, who we kind of discovered  —   her name was Arianna Huffington. Even after your experience with Milo, do you still want to have guests your viewers haven’t encountered or might want to avoid? Yes. I like people who push the limits. I like people who are not afraid to take the slings and arrows, because they’re going to explore what’s on the edge. Now, is this guy over the edge? Yes. I mean, he’s a little cuckoo. But I would rather err on that side than on the side where everybody else is.",0
8766,"With Iraq Mired in Turmoil, Some Call for Partitioning the Country - The New York Times","With tens of thousands of protesters marching in the streets of Baghdad to demand changes in government, Iraq’s Shiite prime minister, Haider   appeared before Parliament this week hoping to speed the process by introducing a slate of new ministers. He was greeted by lawmakers who tossed water bottles at him, banged on tables and chanted for his ouster. “This session is illegal!” one of them shouted. Leaving his squabbling opponents behind, Mr. Abadi moved to another meeting room, where supportive lawmakers declared a quorum and approved several new ministers  —   technocrats, not party apparatchiks  —   as a step to end sectarian politics and the corruption and patronage that support it. But, like so much else in the Iraqi government, the effort fell short, with only a handful of new ministers installed and several major ministries, including oil, foreign and finance, remaining in limbo. A new session of Parliament on Thursday was canceled. Almost two years after the Islamic State swept through northern Iraq, forcing the Obama administration to   in a conflict it had celebrated as complete, Iraq’s political system is barely functioning, as the chaotic scenes in Parliament this week demonstrated. With the surprise visit to Baghdad on Thursday of Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.  —   who, as a senator, called in a 2006 essay for the partition of Iraq into Sunni, Shiite and Kurdish zones  —   it seems fair to ask a question that has bedeviled foreign powers for almost a century: Is Iraq ever going to have a functioning state at peace with itself? “I generally believe it is ungovernable under the current construct,” said Ali Khedery, an American former official in Iraq who served as an aide to several ambassadors and generals. Mr. Khedery said that a confederacy or a partition of Iraq might be the only remedy for the country’s troubles. He called it “an imperfect solution for an imperfect world. ” Mr. Khedery is now a sharp critic of American policy in Iraq, saying it has consistently ignored the realities of the country’s underlying political problems. Iraq, he said, “is a violent, dysfunctional marriage, and we keep pouring American lives and dollars into it, hoping for a miracle. We should instead seek to broker an amicable separation or divorce that results in   for Iraq’s fractious communities. ” Writing last year in Foreign Affairs, Mr. Khedery said Washington should “abandon its fixation with artificial borders”  —   a reference to the map of the Middle East drawn by the British and the French after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire at the end of World War I  —   and allow Iraq to break up. With the Islamic State in control of territory in Iraq and Syria expanding into Libya, Afghanistan and elsewhere and having carried out attacks in Paris and Brussels, it is perhaps easy to forget that the group rose in the first place as a consequence of the failure of politics in Iraq  —   in that case, the sectarian policies of Mr. Abadi’s predecessor as prime minister, Nuri Kamal   also a Shiite. American officials have said that maintaining Iraq’s unity is still their policy, but United Nations officials in Baghdad have quietly begun studying how the international community might manage a breakup of the country. The political problems of Iraq have been made worse by the collapse in the price of oil, the country’s lifeblood the grinding war against the Islamic State and, more recently, fighting between Shiite militias and Kurds in the north that analysts worry could foreshadow a new, violent struggle in the country. Iraq, it seems, is stuck in a cycle of history that endlessly repeats. Mr. Biden has worked to promote Iraqi unity, despite his proposal a decade ago to divide Iraq into thirds. But in comments on Thursday to American diplomatic and military personnel in Baghdad, he harked back to that proposal. “Think of all the places we are today trying to keep the peace,” he said. “All the places we’ve sent you guys and women. They’re places where, because of history, we’ve drawn artificial lines, creating artificial states made up of totally distinct ethnic, religious, cultural groups, and said: ‘Have at it. Live together.’ ” Almost 100 years ago, Gertrude Bell, the British official and spy who is credited with drawing the borders of modern Iraq after World War I, fretted about the project. In creating a new nation, she wrote, “we rushed into this business with our usual disregard for a comprehensive political scheme. ” A coming documentary, “Letters From Baghdad,” explores the life and legacy of Ms. Bell, demonstrating how little has changed in Iraq over a century. Even today, her legacy is felt: This week, Mr. Abadi put forward Sharif Ali bin Hussein, a descendant of King Faisal, who was chosen by Ms. Bell in 1921 to rule Iraq, as foreign minister. But lawmakers rejected him as a reminder of Iraq’s failed monarchy. Much of what troubles Iraq today is the legacy of Saddam Hussein’s brutality. Shiites and Kurds, oppressed under Mr. Hussein’s   administration, have been unable to overcome their grievances. Sunni Arabs say their entire community has been unfairly marginalized for the crimes of Mr. Hussein. “Iraq, it seems, has a long memory but is short on vision,” Kate Gilmore, a human rights official at the United Nations, said this week in unusually descriptive language after visiting Iraq. “It is like a vehicle traveling over rocky terrain, with a large rearview mirror but only a keyhole for a windscreen, despite a vicious contest for the wheel. The dominant narrative among many of Iraq’s leaders is of ‘my community’s grievance,’ failing to acknowledge the widespread nature of Iraqis’ suffering and failing to chart a course for an inclusive future. ” Mr. Maliki, in an interview this year with The New York Times, acknowledged that he had been unable, while in office, to overcome this history. “The Kurds want compensation for the past,” said Mr. Maliki, who seems determined these days to undermine Mr. Abadi at every turn. “The Shia, too. Sunnis still fear from the majority and fear being called in to account for what Saddam did. ” Divisions within the Shiite leadership  —   with Mr. Maliki and others pushing back against Mr. Abadi’s efforts at restructuring  —   are also at the core of the current political crisis. Mr. Maliki, whose grandfather participated in an armed uprising against the British in the 1920s, became one of Iraq’s three vice presidents after he lost the prime minister’s post in 2014. One of the first changes proposed by Mr. Abadi last summer, when he faced protests, was to eliminate the offices of vice president. But two of the occupants refused to leave, even though their salaries were cut off. One of those was Mr. Maliki, who still occupies his palace and insists he is still a vice president of Iraq. Still, he said he had no ambition to return to office, even though many Iraqi officials and Western diplomats believe he has been scheming to do so. “I don’t miss it,” he said. “And I don’t want to return to it. ” Hadi   a Shiite rival to Mr. Abadi, who runs a powerful militia that is supported by Iran, is seen by many as harboring ambitions to replace him. Even so, Mr. Ameri said, “only if I were crazy would I accept” the job of prime minister. “We don’t have democracy in Iraq,” he said. “Here, everyone wants to drive the car. The winner and the loser. ” He added, as a way of defending Mr. Abadi’s failures in uniting the Iraqi state, “Even if a prophet came to rule Iraq, he wouldn’t be able to satisfy all sides. ”",0
8767,An Almost-Love Story - The New York Times,"I was walking around campus between classes one day at the university I attended in Abuja, Nigeria, when he came up to me. “I’ve seen you somewhere before,” he said. He was slim, attractive. I thought it was the usual flirting. But then I realized that his face did look familiar. Church. I’d seen him at church a few times. So we chatted a bit. He wasn’t a student there. He was there to see a friend. For some reason he also mentioned that his birthday was coming up. I gave him my phone number. He called me  —   a lot. I never answered, and I never called him back. It went on like that for a month. Then one day, I looked at the date and realized it was his birthday. I decided to give him a call. From then on, we talked every single day on the phone. I have trouble sleeping, and we would talk almost all night. “What’s your genotype?” he asked me in one of our first telephone conversations. “Which one is the genotype and which one is the blood type?” I asked him. “I’m SS,” he told me. Then I remembered. “O. K.,” I said. “I’m AA. ” By then, I knew what the sickle cell trait was. Hemoglobin SS meant he had   sickle cell anemia. A family friend had lost kids to it. My school had tested me for it. But when he told me, I was like, O. K. sure. It didn’t seem like a thing. We became very close. My mom knew about him. My siblings knew about him. But he was older. I was just 16. I had a strict curfew every night. He was in his  . One time, about a year after we met, we went to a cafe for lunch. It was one of those hot days before the rainy season would come and unleash showers across the Nigerian landscape. At the cafe, we talked as I wolfed down a slice of chocolate cake. We got up to leave, paid the bill and I hugged him goodbye. At some point in the hug, it happened. He was leaning in with his lips. I realized he was trying to kiss me! It would have been my very first kiss  —   if it had happened. But it didn’t. I was stunned. I was so upset that I just turned my face away and walked to my car. After I got home, he called me to apologize. I told him not to call me, but after two days I really missed talking to him. He liked me. I really, really liked him. I wouldn’t call it a crush. A crush is like a joke. He was quiet, and he had a gentle soul. A couple of years later, when his birthday came around again, he said he wasn’t feeling too well, so I went to his house. He lived with his parents, and I didn’t really like going to his house, because it took a lot of lying to my parents to go there. We sat on the couch and watched music videos on MTV. The   boy band, the Wanted, came on with their song “All Time Low,” and I got so excited because it was my latest obsession. “I love this song!” I said. “What do you think?” But he just shrugged his shoulders. He was kind of indifferent. I was so naïve. I didn’t notice how sick he was. I didn’t want to notice. I just kept talking and talking. I left after three hours, but after that I found myself checking on him constantly, every 30 minutes or so. He kept saying he was fine. But a few days later, he ended up in the hospital. When I went to visit him, it was a shock  —   I had never seen a “sickler” before. I saw the yellow eyes. I saw how skinny he was. He kept wincing from the pain, but putting up a brave act. “They’re saying my kidneys are failing and stuff,” he finally said. I was so freaked out. A few mornings later, I planned to go back and bring him some Ogbono soup, his favorite. It’s a concoction of ground African bush mango seeds, cooked onions and crayfish with dark, leafy vegetables swimming in bright red palm oil. The plan was for my mom to make it but to say that I made it. So we began cooking the soup. Then we boiled water to cook semolina flour for fufu to go with it. All the while, I kept calling him, but he wasn’t answering. So I called one of his friends, and we planned to go together. I packed the soup and fufu and drove over to his friend’s house. When I got there, his friend told me to come in and sit down. And that’s how I got the news he died. I wept all the way home, and every day after that. My father asked who the hell was this guy who just turned his daughter’s life upside down. I would sit in my room with the curtains closed. For weeks, it just seemed like a good idea to sit in the dark. After the funeral, I had to ask one of his friends: “Did he know how much I actually cared about him?” “No,” came the response. “No, he didn’t. ” I’m still dealing with the guilt of that, because it seems to me he had everything I would have wanted in a boyfriend.",0
8768,War In The Matrix — How Our Minds Are Programmed To Create This Sick Reality,". War In The Matrix — How Our Minds Are Programmed To Create This Sick Reality Just how much of what we see and think is visual and mind manipulation? This current reflection of t... Print Email http://humansarefree.com/2016/11/war-in-matrix-how-our-minds-are.html Just how much of what we see and think is visual and mind manipulation? This current reflection of the Earth plane; the matrix of our perceived reality; is overshadowed by a projection of war. For several years now we the inhabitants of this reality have been receiving the programming for war and diseases through movies, television video games and the media. We receive our programming for every aspect of our lives from love, hate, happiness, clothes, food, mates, careers, cars, insurance, and reminders of our human limitation and so on.What we fail to remember is the holographic nature of reality based on the human brain.Everything in our visual path is a holographic composition presented by the brain , as the lens of the eyes reflect tones of light back to the optic enter in the brain, the optic nerves then projects the brains frequency translation through the cones and rods in the eyes, capturing and bringing form to frequency patterns. Modern day scientists have achieved a level of understanding regarding the manipulation of brain wave patterns. Our weaknesses are understood as we exist as beings operating within fields of emotions. The strongest of which is FEAR .It is also understood that we are a society of beings struggling to understand who we are spiritually or non physically. Innocence of our spiritual history has made us vulnerable as we continue to seek for a higher power separate from ourselves. We have been conditioned to accept what has been defined as human limitations combined with the impossibility to reach outside of time and space. We have not been encouraged to educate ourselves on the function of the brain, the nervous system and the energetic construct of thought. A thought is the activation of a certain group of neurons within the brain transported through the spinal fluid. Spinal fluid is produced in the ventricles of the brain.In the words of Dr. Stone, founder of Polarity Therapy: ""The cerebrospinal fluid seems to act as a storage field and a conveyor for the ultrasonic and the light energies. It bathes the spinal cord and is a reservoir for these finer energies, conducted by the fluidic media through all the fine verve fibers as the first airy mind and life principle in the human body. The cerebrospinal fluid conveys the energies of the mind throughout the body! Mind energy is considered to be the first principle of life. Mind functions in the body as the light of ""intelligence"". Here we can see the importance of the thought process as every thought is being processed throughout every cell in the body.What does this have to do with ""war in the matrix""? As quoted from The Dancing Wu Li Masters : According to a number of scientists, ""What is ""out there"" apparently depends in a rigorous mathematical sense as well as philosophical one, upon what we decide ""in here"". The new physics tells us that an observer cannot observe without altering what he sees. Observer and observed are interrelated in a real fundamental sense.The exact interrelation is not clear, but there is a growing body of evidence that the distinction between the ""in here"" and the ""out there"" is illusion. Access to the physical world is through experience. The common denominator of all experiences is the ""I"" that does the experiencing. In short, what we experience is not external reality but our interaction with it.""We most often forget that we are tied into this reality based on our emotional output. Emotions determine the electromagnetic input and output within the human body and all surrounding energy fields. Emotions are electromagnetic wave patterns inextricably combined with thought. They form the skeletal structure of our belief system which is reflected in the manner which we live our lives. Emotional impulses determine the chemical/hormonal production within the ventricles of the brain. Once an acceptable perception of reality is solidified in our minds it becomes the only probability and perception within our minds. Being the observer we solidify reality through emotion expressed through thought.Thought is energy in motion, solidifying and becoming our reality. Human thoughts are trapped within lower frequency waves resulting in human confinement to this matrix. Perceivable reality is simply a state of consciousness. It is the field of thought or thought field in which we become entranced. Each moment of reality is being reflected from the field of energy radiating from thought. Ultimately we exist in our MIND . We exist in an individual mind space while sharing an overall collective space of mind. It is the collective state of mind that holds this holographic/virtual reality in its present existence.This is a chess game, a scientifically layered design of rulers and subjects, an illusion of power and the battle for your WILL. It is the great deception of the true rulers and subjects. We exist in an uncertainty of the ownership of ones Will. It is of utmost importance that an understanding of WILL is incorporated into our endless quest for spiritual identity. It is the Will that is the driving force of our descent through time into matter. WILL is the thrust of Energy that provides the force needed to reach into the VOID to bring forth the essential codes of light to create that which has been born in the imagination, the image-in-action.There are multiplicities of those known as ascended masters who continue to operate in deception, subtly enforcing and maintaining control over the vulnerable minds of humanity. Each organization or individual may justify such embracement of attachment as different from his/her brother. Within all religions , occult and new age truths are held numerous predecessors of man who remain GAME keepers of this plane. Man's need to worship outside of himself has been the signature of approval for on going control of his mind. Such entities that are no longer apart of this plane are stuck and exist within the planes that surround the playing field of Earth. They sustain their existence by feeding off of the emotional output of humanity; intercepting human thought field by continued injection of frequency patterns of fear, guilt, shame, pain, doubt, jealousy, lack and attachment.The deception is of such a heightened nature that such beings create a level of comfort within the human mind by providing a balance of insightful knowledge. This creates continued trust, loyalty and attachment to the parasitic entity that has been providing an illusion of freedom. The Sovereignty of humanity is a feared occurrence as it will bring an end to the actions of the puppeteers and the smoke and mirrors.We exist in the age of ENLIGHTENMENT which has been born out the cosmic timer of cycles; cycles representing shifts in frequencies spiraling down from inconceivable cycles, beyond light years in the future, which is our past. Within our realm of understanding we can catch a glimpse of such unfolding through the four quarters of 26,000 year cycles, the end of which we are now experiencing. It is because this great time of cosmic graduation that has opened the door to the surrounding planes, bombarding our time, our current reality with numerous entities coming forth through various channels. The lives of many have become dependent on the instructions of these beings. This becomes an interception of alignment to the ONE.The confusion of the structure of over souls and the necessity to be identified with figures of prominence identified in human history is of great distraction and deception. The alter ego becomes the target and the driving force of the journey. The GAME encompasses all things, seeking life through human emotion. The human need to belong and to be accepted drives the ego to find and provide this candy to the human child.We need only change our mind, our collective perception of this impending war. Humanity collectively holds the key to the release of the illusion of war. Although this is a planet filled with many warlords from other parts of our galaxy, many have laid down their swords and have transcended the need to participate in probable wars. The power lies within the minds of humanity. The self appointed officials of this reality are counting on the spiritual ignorance of the planet. They have developed technology that will now allow numerous holographic projection much of which can be done through the alteration of brain waves through sound and light projection. HAARP is one such technology that is capable of such brain modifications.It is essential that we educate ourselves on this vessel/ship called a human body. Much of this vessel has been deactivated for quite sometime. Melatonin for example is essential to the harmonic balance of the body. After mid night melatonin is converted into pinoline. We then enter into a space of amnesia. By 3:00 am we begin to experience what is know a prophetic or lucid dreaming. As stated by Tao Gardens: ""The darkness actualizes successively higher states of divine consciousness, correlating with the synthesis and accumulation of psychedelic chemicals in the brain. ""Melatonin,; a regulatory hormone, quiets the body and mind in preparation for the finer and subtler realities of higher consciousness. The hormone Pinoline affects the neuro-transmitters of the brain, permits visions and dream-states to emerge in our conscious awareness. ""Eventually the brain synthesizes the 'spirit molecules' 5-MeO-DMT and DMT, facilitating the transcendental experiences of universal love and compassion"". — The Prana Program – Effective & Enjoyable Evolution Belief systems based on the emotional output of fear shuts down the production of these major chemical that were once produced in the womb and in infancy through the age of 7 and 12. These chemical/hormones are known as 5-Meo-DMT and DMT. These are amino acids. The pharmaceutical and food industry have played a major role in providing suppressive inducement to the human brain. We have become a society obsessed with food , mainly cooked food, fast food and junk food. All of which alter the harmonic function of the brain and the nervous system, both of which are essential in the awakening process.When heat is applied to food through the process of cooking, this becomes a chemistry experiment as heat immediately destroys essential enzymes and amino acid Tryptamines serotonin, melatonin, pinoline, 5-MeO-DMT and DMT. Tryotamines and beta-carbolines are known as psychoactive indoles both interacting with the nervous system through the synthesizing of neurotransmitters. As essential enzymes are destroyed the natural progression or conversion of these hormones are inhibited, lessening the probability of the natural occurrence of transcendental experiences. We become disconnected from the awareness of the connected force of the energies beyond linear time. We exist purely in an external reality. It is said that the body is addicted to approximately 20 amino acids or more; consisting of the enzymes MAO which destroy our neurotransmitters while stimulating an addiction for foods that encourage the repetition of this cycle.This is the manner in which the food industry manipulates our existence and or belief system.Through ignorance we have become the fuel that drives the vehicle of the corporate world . Our minds are controlled through numerous measures. We must however understand that we have allowed it, for we have given our permission even in our defence of ignorance. This is not about blame, but it is about awakening and recognizing the choices that we have made and to change those choices for the enhancement of our own evolution. No one can save us; no one is coming to save us. This is an individual journey and we must find our own way back to the state of alignment, the state of Oneness . ""To further define reality; reality is ""I"" projected outward as multiple characters, viewed through the window of my mind. From the Apex or point zero, the One has descended down the ladder of time becoming the many"". By Sonia Barrett , DreamcatcherReality.com Sonia is the author of The Holographic Canvas: The Fusing of Mind and Matter . Her insights are cutting edge with much of it supported by quantum physics. Sonia Barrett’s work bridges the gap between science and spirituality in a simplified format. She addresses the programming, beliefs and concepts by which we have lived our lives, both individually and collectively. You can contact Sonia via e-mail or Facebook. Dear Friends, HumansAreFree is and will always be free to access and use. If you appreciate my work, please help me continue. 
Stay updated via Email Newsletter: Related",0
8769,Meet All The Pundits Pandering For A Trump Adminstration Job | Daily Wire,"Meet All The Pundits Pandering For A Trump Adminstration Job By: Aaron Bandler November 22, 2016 
With Donald Trump set to take office in a couple of months, a number of his lackeys have reportedly been in talks about possibly serving in the administration. As of this writing, there are three pro-Trump pundits that might be in the Trump administration. 
Eric Bolling. Politico reported that Bolling was seen at Trump Tower and was reportedly discussed for a position in the Department of Commerce. What exactly that position that will be is not clear. Bolling told Politico that he ""can't confirm anything."" 
Geraldo Rivera flat-out asked Bolling on The Five if he had been offered a job, and Bolling gave a non-answer . 
Bolling has been with Fox News since 2008, where he is the co-host of The Five and hosts the weekend show Cashin' In . Before then, he had been an analyst on CNBC and a New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) trader. Bolling has been an ardent supporter of Trump from the get-go, to the point where he resorted to some loony ideas . 
Laura Ingraham. According to CNN Money , Ingraham is being heavily considered for President Trump's press secretary. Here is what Ingraham has said on the matter: 
""I am honored to be considered for that job and other jobs. So we'll see what happens,"" Ingraham said on Fox News. 
She cautioned: ""I think people are getting a little far ahead of the narrative."" But she strongly suggested that some sort of Trump administration post is in the works. 
""It's a big decision, but I'm at the point where, if my country needs me, and if I can do something to actually, you know, advance the Trump agenda, which is stuff I have written about now for 15 years, with trade, immigration and just renewing America, then I obviously have to seriously consider that,"" she told Fox's Tucker Carlson. 
Like Bolling, Ingraham, who has been a nationally syndicated radio host since 2001 , has also been an early supporter of Trump, going as far as saying that #NeverTrump conservatives support partial birth abortion, and her website, LifeZette, attacked conservatives like Ben Shapiro for opposing the Alt-Right. (As usual, Shapiro punched back hard .) 
Jeanine Pirro. Pirro, accompanied by Rudy Giuliani, was seen headed inside Trump Tower, which has led to speculation that she is being considered for a job in the Trump administration, according to Page Six . What that job would be is not known. 
Pirro also has been an early Trump supporter, and she has claimed to have known him for 30 years . Pirro's ex-husband, Al Pirro, has been described as ""a man Donald Trump keeps on retainer"" as a real-estate lawyer, and Trump once donated $20,000 to Pirro when she ran for New York state attorney general. 
Pirro has been with Fox News since 2006 and hosts Justice with Judge Jeanine on Saturdays. She also has an extensive legal career as a prosecutor in the state of New York and initially challenged Hillary Clinton when she ran for re-election in the Senate before dropping out to run for state attorney general. Tags ",0
8770,Trump Has Forever Changed American Politics,"Trump Has Forever Changed American Politics > November 7, 2016, 9:46 pm A+ | a- Warning   
“If I don’t win, this will be the greatest waste of time, money and energy in my lifetime,” says Donald Trump. 
Herewith, a dissent. Whatever happens Tuesday, Trump has made history and has forever changed American politics. 
Though a novice in politics, he captured the Party of Lincoln with the largest turnout of primary voters ever, and he has inflicted wounds on the nation’s ruling class from which it may not soon recover. 
Bush I and II, Mitt Romney , the neocons and the GOP commentariat all denounced Trump as morally and temperamentally unfit. Yet, seven of eight Republicans are voting for Trump, and he drew the largest and most enthusiastic crowds of any GOP nominee. 
Not only did he rout the Republican elites, he ash-canned their agenda and repudiated the wars into which they plunged the country. 
Trump did not create the forces that propelled his candidacy. But he recognized them, tapped into them, and unleashed a gusher of nationalism and populism that will not soon dissipate. 
Whatever happens Tuesday, there is no going back now. 
How could the Republican establishment advance anew the trade and immigration policies that their base has so thunderously rejected? 
How can the GOP establishment credibly claim to speak for a party that spent the last year cheering a candidate who repudiated the last two Republican presidents and the last two Republican nominees? 
Do mainstream Republicans think that should Trump lose a Bush Restoration lies ahead? The dynasty is as dead as the Romanovs . 
The media, whose reputation has sunk to Congressional depths, has also suffered a blow to its credibility. 
Its hatred of Trump has been almost manic, and WikiLeaks revelations of the collusion between major media and Clintonites have convinced skeptics that the system is rigged and the referees of democracy are in the tank. 
But it is the national establishment that has suffered most. 
The Trump candidacy exposed what seems an unbridgeable gulf between this political class and the nation in whose name it purports to speak. 
Consider the litany of horrors it has charged Trump with. 
He said John McCain was no hero, that some Mexican illegals are “ rapists .” He mocked a handicapped reporter. He called some women “pigs.” He wants a temporary ban to Muslim immigration. He fought with a Gold Star mother and father. He once engaged in “ fat-shaming ” a Miss Universe, calling her “Miss Piggy, ” and telling her to stay out of Burger King. He allegedly made crude advances on a dozen women and starred in the “Access Hollywood” tape with Billy Bush. 
While such “gaffes” are normally fatal for candidates, Trump’s followers stood by him through them all. 
Why? asks an alarmed establishment. Why, in spite of all this, did Trump’s support endure? Why did the American people not react as they once would have? Why do these accusations not have the bite they once did? 
Answer. We are another country now, an us-or-them country. 
Middle America believes the establishment is not looking out for the nation but for retention of its power. And in attacking Trump it is not upholding some objective moral standard but seeking to destroy a leader who represents a grave threat to that power. 
Trump’s followers see an American Spring as crucial, and they are not going to let past boorish behavior cause them to abandon the last best chance to preserve the country they grew up in. 
These are the Middle American Radicals, the MARs of whom my late friend Sam Francis wrote. 
They recoil from the future the elites have mapped out for them and, realizing the stakes, will overlook the faults and failings of a candidate who holds out the real promise of avoiding that future. 
They believe Trump alone will secure the borders and rid us of a trade regime that has led to the loss of 70,000 factories and 5 million manufacturing jobs since NAFTA. They believe Trump is the best hope for keeping us out of the wars the Beltway think tanks are already planning for the sons of the “deplorables” to fight. 
Moreover, they see the establishment as the quintessence of hypocrisy. Trump is instructed to stop using such toxic phrases as “America First” and “Make America Great Again” by elites who think 55 million abortions since Roe is a milestone of moral progress. 
And what do they have in common with a woman who thinks partial-birth abortion, which her predecessor in the Senate, Pat Moynihan, called “ infanticide ,” is among the cherished “reproductive rights” of women? 
While a Trump victory would create the possibility of a coalition of conservatives, populists, patriots and nationalists governing America, should he lose, America’s future appears disunited and grim. 
But, would the followers of Donald Trump, whom Hillary Clinton has called “racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic … bigots,” to the cheers of her media retainers, unite behind her should she win? 
No. Win or lose, as Sen. Edward Kennedy said at the Democratic Convention of 1980, “The work goes on, the cause endures.”",0
8771,Comment on SHOCK VIDEO: Hillary Supporters ATTACK Homeless Woman Protecting Trump’s Star by Tooney,"  Chris Menahan “Trump Supporter gets what she’s been asking for… A Beatdown from a Latina.” 
Shocking video out of California shows Hillary Clinton supporters violently attack a homeless woman who was doing all she could to defend Donald Trump’s Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. 
Friday, newly surfaced video shared by one of Hillary Clinton’s Hillbullies shows an Hispanic thug lay his hands on the brave woman and steal her signs, all while shouting “GET YOUR ASS OUTTA HERE, B*TCH!” 
Other Hillbullies are then seen spitting on her signs and stomping them with their feet. 
As the innocent woman is seen frantically trying to protect herself from the terrorist thug, he violently trips her to the ground. 
Hillary supporting onlookers are then seen chastising her and as she lay motionless. 
“Didn’t I tell you, about five minutes ago, that somebody was going to walk by here — and no I won’t defend you — because you spewed hate, and you got hate,” one Hillbully says. “You got exactly what you were dishing out, I told, I warned you on that, didn’t I?” 
The YouTube video, which was shared by user “Koali Fikator,” has this sickening description: “After Bullying Everyone, Trump Supporter gets what she’s been asking for… A Beatdown from a Latina.” 
All the woman did was hold up signs saying she wants to put Americans first: 
She didn’t assault anyone, she merely exercised her right to free speech as an American! 
These left-wing terrorists used violence to suppress her free speech simply because she supports Donald Trump for president! That’s the definition of terrorism! 
Get this story out to everyone so they can see how these Hillbullies operate! . @ScottAdamsSays : ""I can't vote for a bully."" So he endorses Trump. The #Hillbullies have made violence against Trump supporters legitimate. pic.twitter.com/4nVscp6mki 
Courtesy of Information Liberation Don't forget to follow the D.C. Clothesline on Facebook and Twitter. PLEASE help spread the word by sharing our articles on your favorite social networks. Share this:",0
8772,A Trump Economic Boom? The Fed May Stand in the Way - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Investors in financial markets, and those predicting faster economic growth in 2017, would do well to remember the famous words that William McChesney Martin Jr. the former Federal Reserve chairman, uttered way back in 1955: The Fed’s job is to remove the punch bowl just as the party gets going.   Donald J. Trump’s promises to cut taxes and regulation and to increase spending on infrastructure and defense have convinced many that a sugar high in the near term will goose the economy. But Fed officials say the economy is already expanding at something close to its maximum sustainable pace, meaning faster growth would drive inflation toward unwelcome levels. To avoid overheating, the Fed could respond by raising interest rates more quickly. The more Mr. Trump stimulates growth, the faster the Fed is likely to increase rates. “I guess I would argue that I think people have gotten a bit ahead of themselves about what a Trump presidency would mean,” said Lewis Alexander, chief United States economist at Nomura. “If we have a big stimulus, the logical thing for the Fed to do is to raise rates faster. There isn’t a whole heck of a lot of scope to just let the economy run under those circumstances. There’s a big question about whether fiscal stimulus under Trump just leads to higher interest rates. ” Underscoring that question, the Fed is expected to raise its benchmark rate on Wednesday for the first time since last December in light of new economic data. The rate sits in a range of 0. 25 percent to 0. 5 percent, a low level intended to stimulate economic growth by encouraging borrowing and  . Analysts predict the Fed will shift the range upward by a quarter of a percentage point, modestly reducing those incentives. The rate increase is widely regarded as a foregone conclusion. The odds, derived from asset prices, topped 95 percent Monday, according to the CME Group. The looming question is how quickly the Fed will continue to raise rates in 2017. Economic forecasts always require large assumptions, but that is particularly true in the present case because Mr. Trump has provided relatively few details about his plans. Perhaps the most accurate thing that can be said about Mr. Trump’s victory is that it has increased the uncertainty of the economic outlook. “At this juncture, it is premature to reach firm conclusions about what will likely occur,” William C. Dudley, president of the New York Fed, said in a recent speech. During his campaign, Mr. Trump predicted 4 percent annual growth, and his actions since Election Day point to a   goal of   job creation. “Our No. 1 priority is going to be the economy, get back to 3 to 4 percent growth,” Steven Mnuchin, Mr. Trump’s pick to serve as Treasury secretary, said last month. Many economists regard such growth predictions as fanciful the economy has been mired in an extended period of slow growth and the reasons, including an aging population and a dearth of innovation, are unlikely to change quickly. Some think Mr. Trump is more likely to push the economy into recession than to catalyze a new boom. Even if Mr. Trump is right, however, the Fed does not want 4 percent growth. The central bank’s outlook has become increasingly gloomy. Officials estimated in September that annual growth of 1. 8 percent was the maximum sustainable pace, and they predicted growth would not exceed 2 percent in the next three years. They will update those forecasts Wednesday, but large shifts are unlikely. Fed officials also are increasingly convinced that steady job growth has substantially eliminated the   backlog of people seeking work. The unemployment rate fell to 4. 6 percent in November, a level the Fed regards as healthy. For years, Fed officials urged Congress to increase fiscal spending. Now, Mr. Trump is promising to do just that  —   and the Fed has concluded that it is too late. Stanley Fischer, the Fed’s vice chairman, said last month the Fed might still benefit from fiscal stimulus because it could raise rates more quickly. That would increase the Fed’s ability to respond to future downturns by reducing interest rates. But such gains would come at real cost: A fiscal stimulus would increase the federal government’s debt burden, which already is at a high level by historical standards, reducing the room for a fiscal response to a future downturn. Janet L. Yellen, the Fed’s chairwoman, urged Congress last month to be mindful that the government is already on the hook for more spending as baby boomers age into retirement. “With the   . D. P. ratio at around 77 percent, there’s not a lot of fiscal space, should a shock to the economy occur, an adverse shock, that did require fiscal stimulus,” she said. The tension between fiscal and monetary policy is likely to unfold in slow motion. Mr. Trump has promised to press for rapid changes in government policy, but Congress is not built for speed. A similar effort to cut taxes at the beginning of the George W. Bush administration, for example, was signed into law on June 7, 2001. The impact of new cuts, and any increase in infrastructure spending that Mr. Trump can persuade dubious Republicans to embrace, would be felt mostly in future years. Mark M. Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, predicted that tax cuts, regulatory rollbacks and   spending would fuel faster growth in the first half of Mr. Trump’s   term. But he said that the Fed’s rate increases, and restrictions on trade and immigration, would gradually begin to take a larger toll. By the end, Mr. Zandi predicted, the American economy would be “unnervingly close” to recession. “The Fed and markets in general will ultimately wash out any benefit,” Mr. Zandi said Monday. “The economy under President Trump ultimately will be diminished. ” Other economists are more optimistic, predicting that the stimulus will not be fully offset by Fed policy. Mr. Dudley appeared to endorse this view in his recent speech, suggesting that the rise in financial markets was “broadly appropriate. ” Some of Mr. Trump’s proposals also could increase the economy’s potential growth rate, for example by improving infrastructure or encouraging corporate investment. On the other hand, the Fed’s march toward higher rates may be amplified by the bond market. Rates are already rising, and investors concerned about inflation and larger federal deficits are likely to generate persistent upward pressure. Those effects are already visible. Stock prices have climbed since Mr. Trump’s surprising victory, increasing the wealth of shareholders. But borrowing costs also climbed. The average rate on a   mortgage loan was 4. 13 percent last week, according to Freddie Mac, up from 3. 54 percent just before the election.",0
8773,Fifty interesting facts about Russia,"Fifty interesting facts about Russia 31.10.2016 Print version Font Size 1. Russia is the largest country in the world. The country has ​​17,075,400 square kilometers, which makes Russia 1.8 times larger than the United States of America. The territory that Russia takes on planet Earth practically equals the surface area of ​​planet Pluto.2. Russia is home to the world's largest active volcano - Klyuchevskaya Sopka. Its height is 4 kilometers 850 meters. The volcano shoots columns of ash up to eight kilometers high and becomes even taller with every eruption. Klyuchevskaya Sopka volcano erupts for the past 7,000 years.3. The subway system (metro) of St. Petersburg is the deepest in the world. Its average depth - 100 meters.4. The number of bridges in St. Petersburg exceeds the number of bridges in Venice three times. 5. The oldest Christian church on the territory of Russia is the ancient temple of Thaba-Yerdy located in Ingushetia, Jeirakh District. It was built in VIII-IX centuries. Three oldest of existing churches are located in the village of Nizhny Arkhyz in Karachay-Cherkessia. The temples were built in the X century.6. The Trans-Siberian Railway is the longest railway in the world. The Great Siberian Way, connecting Moscow with Vladivostok, is 9,298 kilometers long. The railway crosses eight time zones, passes through 87 cities and towns and crosses 16 rivers, including the Volga.7. Lake Baikal in Siberia is the deepest lake in the world and the largest source of fresh water on the planet. Baikal holds 23 cubic kilometers of water. All the world's major rivers - the Volga, the Don, the Dnieper, the Yenisei, the Ural, the Ob, the Ganges, the Orinoco, the Amazon, the Thames, the Seine and the Oder would have to flow for almost a year to fill the basic, equal to the volume of Lake Baikal.8. Russia is the only country whose territory is washed by 12 seas.9. Russia is only four kilometers far from America. The is the distance between the island of Ratmanova (Russia) and the Kruzenshtern Island (USA) in the Bering Strait.10. The distance from Moscow to Chicago is smaller than the distance from from Chicago to Rio de Janeiro.11. In the cultural capital of Russia, St. Petersburg, there are 2,000 libraries, 221 museums, 100 concert organizations, more than 80 theaters, 80 clubs and houses of culture, 62 cinemas and 45 art galleries.12. The Ural Mountains are the oldest mountains in the world. The Karandash Mount located in the Kusinsky area near the village of Aleksandrovka was formed 4.2 billion years ago. The historical names of the Ural Mountains are - the Big Rock, the Siberian Rock, the Earth Belt, the Belt Rock.13. In Moscow, there are seven exactly the same high-rise buildings: two hotels, two office buildings, two residential buildings and the University. In English, this ensemble is known as the Seven Sisters, whereas in Russian, the buildings are known as Stalinist skyscrapers. The style, in which the skyscrapers are built, is called the Stalinist gothic.14. The Moscow Kremlin is the world's largest medieval fortress.15. The total length of the Kremlin walls is 2,235 meters.16. In Moscow, there is a large fountain that contains drinking water. The fountain is part of the architectural group ""Alexander and Natalie"" with a sculptural composition of Pushkin and Goncharova in a graceful rotunda.17. St. Petersburg is the world's northernmost city with a population of over one million people.18. The area of ​​Siberia is 9 million 734.3 thousand square kilometers, which accounts for nine percent of the world's land.19. Russia borders with 16 countries: Norway, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Belarus, Ukraine, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, China, Mongolia, North Korea, Japan and the United States. Russia also borders on two unrecognized states: South Ossetia and Abkhazia.20. The number of Kalashnikov assault rifles in the world is larger than the number of all other assault rifles combined. 21. Russia proclaimed equal rights for men and women before the United States. In Russia, the right to vote was granted to women in 1918, in the United States - in 1920.22. Russia had never known slavery. The period of the most distinguished form of feudal dependence, serfdom, was shorter in Russia than, for example, in England and most of Europe. Serfdom in Russia had milder forms. Russian serfdom was abolished in 1861, whereas the United States abolished slavery in 1865.23. On January 16, 1820, the Russian expedition led by Thaddeus Bellingshausen and Mikhail Lazarev discovered Antarctica.24. The most famous computer game -Tetris - was created by Russian programmer Alexey Pazhitnov in 1985. This game became popular in the Soviet Union, and then, in 1986, in the West.25. Ivan the Terrible was not a tyrant, his rule was unprecedentedly mild for his time. During his rule, Russia's size was equal to that of Europe, but Ivan the Terrible executed 100 fewer people in comparison with European kings during the same period of time - 3-4 thousand people against 300-400 thousand.26. Ivan the Terrible did not kill his son.27. Trains of the Moscow metro run more often than in any other subway system in the world. At rush hours, intervals between trains is only 90 seconds. There are stylized trains in the Moscow metro, for example, a train called ""Watercolors"" that represents a traveling exhibition of paintings.28. In Peterhof, near St. Petersburg, there are 176 fountains, 40 of which are huge and five are built as cascades.29. The Russian samovar is an ancient version of the electric kettle. The samovar was powered by coal, but its function was to boil water. 30. In the Russian town Oymyakon, the lowest temperature of air was recorded. The cold record was set in 1924, when temperates dropped to -71.2 °C.31. In the Novosibirsk Institute of Cytology and Genetics, there is a monument to the laboratory mouse that knits the DNA.32. During the Second World War, metro stations were used as bomb shelters. As many as 150 babies were born there during air raids. 33. In Russia, there are many beautiful excursion and hiking routes. The most famous one of them is the so-called Russian Golden Ring, as well as the Silver Ring of Russia and the Great Ural Ring.34. The total length of 12 lines of the Moscow metro is 310 kilometers.35. In the 18th century, Russia was the third largest empire in the history of mankind, occupying the territory from Poland in Europe to Alaska in North America. 36. The West Siberian Plain is the largest plain in the world.37. The Hermitage is one of the largest and oldest museums in the world. The Hermitage stores three million works of art from the Stone Age to the present. If a visitor pays only one minute of their attention to each exhibit, it would take them 25 years to see all the exhibits of the Hermitage. 38. A half of the city of Chelyabinsk is located in the Urals, whereas the other half - in Siberia. Strangely enough, the coat of arms of Chelyabinsk depicts a camel. It turns out, however, that Chelyabinsk used to take caravans of camels 200 years ago. 39. A while ago, Moscow had more billionaires than any other city in the world.40. The Russian Public Library is the largest library in Europe and the second largest in the world after the United States Library of Congress. The Russian Public Library is located in Moscow, it was founded in 1862.41. On the opening day of a 700-seat McDonalds restaurant on Pushkin Square in Moscow, the line of people willing to go there made up 5,000 individuals at 5 a.m. During the first day of work, the restaurant served 3,000 customers. To this day, the McDonald's on Pushkin Square remains the most visited McDonald's in the world.42. The State Hermitage Museum keeps a flock of cats against rodents. Each cat of the Hermitage has a passport with a photo.43. In Altai, there are more than 820 glaciers that occupy a total area of ​​600 square kilometers.44. In Russia, a new sport has recently emerged in Russia - helicopter golf. Two helicopters, equipped with 4-meter sticks, play two balls one meter in diameter. Each team consists of five people.45. Russia regularly appears on lists of least friendly countries in the world, but this is just a misconception based on cross-cultural differences. In Russia, children are taught not to smile for no reason, as this kind of behavior displays light-mindedness. In fact, the Russians are friendly and are always ready to help a foreigner.46. ​​In 2002, the city of Yekaterinburg was put on UNESCO's list of 12 perfect cities in the world.47. The largest bell ever cast is the Russian Tsar Bell made by Ivan Motorin and his son Mikhail. The weight of the Tsar Bell is 12,327 puds and 19 pounds, or 201 tons and 924 kilograms. The Tsar Bell is 6 meters 14 centimeters tall. 48. The city of Suzdal takes only 15 square kilometers of land and has the population of a little over 10,000 people. Yet, there are 53 churches in Suzdal. 49. The Russian Federation consists of eight federal districts, which are divided into 83 regions -subjects of the Federation, including 21 national republics. According to the Constitution, each republic is assigned to a titular ethnic group. The Russian republics take 28.6% of the territory of Russia, which is home to 16.9% of the population of the country. Ethnic Russians account for approximately 83% of the Russian population. However, the Russian Constitution does not contain a word about the Russian people. This legal mishap is one of the most pressing domestic problems of the Russian Federation, and it will be settled sooner or later.50. A myth about a myth: the Russians think that Americans think that bears walk in the streets of Moscow. In fact, bears do not appear in Russian city streets, and the Americans do not have a stereotype of the wild Russia.Newsinfo",0
8774,"The ACA: fewer choices, more expensive | Opinion - Conservative","(Before It's News)
Some liberals will criticize me for this post, especially the title. That’s their problem. After reading this article, though, I’m not worried about liberals’ criticisms. The truth is that health insurance premiums are going through the proverbial roof with the ACA. People should flinch when they hear that “[before] taxpayer-provided subsidies, premiums for a midlevel […]
Continue reading The ACA: fewer choices, more expensive
. . . → Read More: The ACA: fewer choices, more expensive",0
8775,One of the World’s Greatest Art Collections Hides Behind This Fence - The New York Times,"The drab free port zone near the Geneva city center, a compound of blocky gray and vanilla warehouses surrounded by train tracks, roads and a   fence, looks like the kind of place where beauty goes to die. But within its walls, crated or sealed cheek by jowl in cramped storage vaults, are more than a million of some of the most exquisite artworks ever made. Treasures from the glory days of ancient Rome.   paintings by old masters. An estimated 1, 000 works by Picasso. As the price of art has skyrocketed, perhaps nothing illustrates the    approach to contemporary collecting habits more than the proliferation of warehouses like this one, where masterpieces are increasingly being tucked away by owners more interested in seeing them appreciate than hanging on walls. With their controlled climates, confidential record keeping and enormous potential for tax savings, free ports have become the parking lot of choice for    buyers looking to round out investment portfolios with art. “For some collectors, art is being treated as a capital asset in their portfolio,” said Evan Beard, who advises clients on art and finance at U. S. Trust. “They are becoming more financially savvy, and free ports have become a pillar of all of this. ” The trend is prompting concerns about the use of these storage spaces for illegal activities. It is also causing worries within the art world about the effect such wholesale storage has on art itself. “Treating art as a commodity and just hiding it in storage is something that to me is not really moral,” said Eli Broad, a major contemporary art collector who last year opened his own Los Angeles museum. Free ports originated in the 19th century for the temporary storage of goods like grain, tea and industrial goods. In the last few decades, however, a handful of them  —   including Geneva’s  —   have increasingly come to operate as storage lockers for the superrich. Located in   countries and cities, free ports offer savings and security that collectors and dealers find almost irresistible. (Someone who buys a $50 million painting at auction in New York, for example, is staring at a $4. 4 million sales tax bill. Ship it to a free port, and the bill disappears, at least until you decide to bring it back to New York.) At least four major free ports in Switzerland specialize in storing art and other luxury goods like wine and jewelry, and there are four more  —   most newly minted  —   around the world: Singapore (2010) Monaco (2012) Luxembourg (2014) and Newark, Del. (2015). Concerned by the rapid growth of these private storage spaces and worried that they could become havens for contraband and money laundering, Swiss officials initiated an audit in 2012, the results of which were published two years ago. The results revealed a huge increase in the value of goods stored in some warehouses since 2007, led by an increase in   goods like art. Though the audit did not specifically measure the increase in stored artworks, it estimated that there were more than 1. 2 million pieces of art in the Geneva Free Port alone, some of which had not left the buildings in decades. Many masterpieces have long lived outside of public view, buried in the basements of museums or tucked away in the private villas of the rich. But the free ports are drawing more criticism and concern, namely: Are they bad for art? Does the boxing up of millions of valuable works pervert the very essence of what art is supposed to do? Yes, say many in the art world. “Works of art are created to be viewed,” said the director of the Louvre,   Martinez, who described free ports as the greatest museums no one can see. Some see even higher stakes for contemporary works, as they can be whisked off, their paint hardly dry, before ever entering the public’s consciousness. Storage puts the art “intellectually almost in a coma,” said Joanne Heyler, the director of the Broad Museum. Not everyone agrees, pointing out that there is plenty of art in the world for people to see and that much art was created as private property. “Paintings are not a public good,” said David Nash, a New York gallery owner. Even so, some collectors whose businesses have come to depend on free port storage are a bit sheepish. “It is a shame,” Helly Nahmad, a London dealer whose family is said to store 4, 500 works in the Geneva Free Port, told The Art Newspaper in 2011. “It is like a composer making a piece of music, and no one listens to it. ” So just what works are locked away? Because most art is tucked into storage spaces quietly, it is difficult to know what is where at any given moment. But assorted legal disputes, investigations and periodic exhibitions featuring stored works have provided glimpses of specific pieces lost from view. There are the rare Etruscan sarcophagi discovered in Geneva by the Italian police two years ago, found among 45 crates of looted antiquities, some still wrapped in Italian newspapers from the 1970s. And the $2 billion collection of the Russian billionaire Dmitry M. Rybolovlev, which includes a Rothko, a van Gogh, a Renoir, Klimt’s “Water Serpents II,” El Greco’s “Saint Sebastian,” Picasso’s “Les Noces de Pierrette” and Leonardo da Vinci’s “Christ as Salvator Mundi. ” (Mr. Rybolovlev is suing his former art adviser, a major free port operator in Geneva, and has since shifted his collection from Geneva to storage in Cyprus, according to court papers filed last year.) Some 19 works by Pierre Bonnard, a master of   are owned by the Wildenstein family, one of the great   families of the 20th century, according to the former lawyer for the widow of the patriarch, Daniel Wildenstein. And there is a portrait of Picasso’s second wife, Jacqueline, by the artist, along with 78 of his other works, shipped by his stepdaughter, Catherine Hutin, to the Geneva Free Port in 2012, according to legal papers. “If Jacqueline was alive and knew that her paintings were in the free ports, she would just be devastated,” said Pepita Dupont, author of a book about Jacqueline Picasso. Despite enhanced Swiss efforts to track inventory and ownership, the free ports there remain an opaque preserve (though more transparent these days than counterparts in places like Singapore) filled with objects whose ownership can be confoundingly convoluted. Case in point: $28 million worth of works by Andy Warhol, Jeff Koons, Joan Miró and others now stored in the Geneva Free Port. Equalia, a company registered by Mossack Fonseca (the law firm at the center of the Panama Papers controversy about how the wealthy conceal their riches) stored the works on behalf of a diamond broker, Erez Daleyot, in 2009. Once in storage, the art was used as collateral for debts Mr. Daleyot owed to a Belgian bank, according to court papers. Now a man named Leon Templesman, president of a New York diamond manufacturing company, Lazare Kaplan International, is trying to seize the art as part of a dispute with Mr. Daleyot and the bank. Mr. Templesman said the free port’s embrace of confidentiality made such seizures more complicated. The bank, KBC, said it had kept the art in the free port “out of precaution” and that it could not comment further on a matter involving one of its clients. David Hiler, president of the Geneva Free Port, said that as a result of the audit, the Swiss were working to address concerns about lack of transparency. Come September, he said, all storage contracts will require that clients allow additional inspections of any archaeological artifacts they want stored there. Collectors and dealers choose to store art in the free ports for more pedestrian reasons than tax avoidance. Some simply have no more room in their homes, said Georgina Hepburne Scott, who advises collectors. And in a free port, their property is protected in   environments, often under video surveillance and behind   walls. “When it is brought to light, the work is preserved it’s not been hanging above a smoky fireplace,” she said. Some warehouses also have viewing rooms where collectors can review their art and show it to potential buyers. This year, after voters in Geneva rejected a plan to expand the major art museum, a Swiss lawyer, Christophe Germann, wrote a newspaper column advocating wholesale sharing, arguing that free ports be forced to open their doors to let people see public displays of the private collections, a worthy   for the tax benefits collectors receive. For many living artists, meanwhile, the fact that their work might be stored away in a   bunker has become part of the reality of doing business. “Ideally, I would like my work to be on display rather than in storage,” said Julia Wachtel, a contemporary artist who knows that some of her collectors occasionally store art. At their worst, Ms. Wachtel said, free ports represent a financial system in which investors have no connection to the art they buy. But she also recognizes that storage warehouses allow responsible collectors to manage their works and their limited wall space. “People buying art is what keeps artists alive,” she said. And at the end of the day, dealers say that most artworks eventually surface. “Even if it stays there for the lifetime of the collector,” said a New York dealer, Ezra Chowaiki, “it’s not going to be there forever. It will come out. ”",0
8776,A Charity Auction for Coffee With Ivanka Trump Appears to Be Canceled - The New York Times,"In other transition news: ■ A   auction for coffee with the future first daughter Ivanka Trump appears to have been canceled, as criticism mounted that the Trumps were selling access. ■   Donald J. Trump’s    told business leaders in New York that Mr. Trump will be pushing a $1 trillion infrastructure plan closer to the ideal of Democrats than Republicans. At the same event, Senator Chuck Schumer, the incoming minority leader, sounded similarly conciliatory. ■ Mr. Trump took to Twitter on Friday to again play down Russian interference in the elections  —   this time, seemingly praising one of the cyberattacks for the revelations it contained. The Trump family on Friday appears to have canceled a charity auction that featured the  ’s daughter Ivanka, as criticism mounted that the future first family’s charitable solicitation risked opening the White House to special interests seeking to pay for access. The auction for a chance to spend up to 45 minutes with Ms. Trump over coffee at either Trump Tower in New York or the recently opened Trump International Hotel in Washington was to continue for another three days. As of Friday morning, the high bid was $72, 888. But then the auction disappeared from the Charitybuzz website that had been hosting it, along with details on all the bids that had been offered since it opened on Dec. 5. “The loser is St. Jude, and the winner I’m not exactly sure,” one of the bidders, the   restaurateur Russell Ybarra, wrote in an email, referring to the Tennessee children’s hospital, which stood to reap the proceeds. Eric Trump, in an interview Thursday, had said he was considering terminating the auction, after The New York Times raised questions about it. The Trump Organization and Charitybuzz did not immediately respond Friday to a request for comment. The Obama family has not directly participated in any   solicitation efforts since President Obama took office to avoid the impression that donations would allow the donor to get special access, said Norm Eisen, a former White House ethics lawyer. The  ’s    and close adviser, Jared Kushner, told New York business leaders on Friday that Mr. Trump’s vision for a   federal infrastructure program was “closer” to Senator Chuck Schumer’s, the incoming minority leader, than to the majority leader, Senator Mitch McConnell’s. Mr. Kushner made the remarks at an event hosted by the Partnership for New York City, just after an appearance by Mr. Schumer, the New York senator. This week at a news conference in Washington, Mr. McConnell said he was not interested in “  stimulus” to finance any infrastructure plan, setting up what could be the first of many clashes with a Trump White House that will not always hew to Republican orthodoxy. The Trump campaign floated a $1 trillion infrastructure plan that would depend on private investors raising money and building the projects with the aid of some form of tax credit. Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, said shortly after the election that a huge infrastructure plan would be in the offing, but the form was not clear. Democrats have long said they want an infrastructure plan that has plentiful direct federal funding, something Mr. Schumer has said repeatedly, not tax credits for rich developers. This does not excite Mr. McConnell who, like most Republicans, recalls President Obama’s early stimulus plan unfavorably. That plan came in the middle of the worst recession since the Depression. Mr. Trump inherits an economy that is healthy enough that the Federal Reserve raised interest rates Wednesday to head off overheating. The Fed has made it clear that if Mr. Trump insists on pumping money into the economy, it will hasten rate increases to stave off inflation. “We need to do this carefully and correctly, and the issue of how to pay for it needs to be dealt with responsibly,” Mr. McConnell, the Kentucky senator, said this week. Senate watchers used to the obstructionist stance that the Republican leader, Mr. McConnell, took with President Obama for eight years have been waiting for signs of the kind of minority leader that Mr. Schumer will be when he takes over as Democratic leader. The Democratic senator sent a big flashing of conciliation on Friday. Mr. Schumer praised Mr. Trump’s call with the president of Taiwan, which drew objections from both sides of the aisle, as a shrewd move that sent a signal to China of a change in direction. Mr. Schumer made the remarks at the same annual meeting of the Partnership for New York City that Mr. Kushner spoke at, according to two people in attendance. Those attendees interpreted the comments as aligning Mr. Schumer with Mr. Trump on a diplomatic issue that has been met with consternation by the Obama White House. Mr. Schumer described the call that Mr. Trump took roughly two weeks ago as shrewd, and not necessarily indicating that it was a reflection of his view of the “One China” policy, the two attendees said. An aide to Mr. Schumer did not immediately respond to emails seeking comment. Mr. Schumer has been a critic of China as a currency manipulator over the years. At the breakfast, where he was followed by Mr. Kushner, Mr. Schumer suggested that Democrats lost in part because the election was about a change in course, and Hillary Clinton ran as a continuation of the Obama administration’s direction. The   took to Twitter on Friday to again dismiss the significance of Russia’s meddling in the election  —   but with a new twist. This time, he seemed to praise the revelations of one of the cyberattacks. The post seems to refer to an email stolen from the Democratic National Committee and given to WikiLeaks that came from a Democratic strategist, Donna Brazile, before a CNN Democratic primary debate in Flint, Mich. Ms. Brazile’s subject line: “One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash. ” “Her family has lead poison and she will ask what, if anything, will Hillary do as president to help the ppl of Flint,” Ms. Brazile wrote to John D. Podesta, the Clinton campaign chairman, and Jennifer Palmieri, the candidate’s communications director. That might seem like a pretty obvious question, given that the debate was in Flint to address the crisis over the city’s   water. But it cost Ms. Brazile her commentator’s job at CNN, and it helped to fuel Mr. Trump’s accusation during the campaign that the election was “rigged” in Hillary Clinton’s favor. A new CBS News poll found that 46 percent of Americans are excited or optimistic about Donald J. Trump’s presidency, about the percentage who voted for him. But 53 percent say they are concerned or scared. With the inauguration about a month away, a solid majority  —   62 percent  —   say the   will bring real change to the way Washington works. Whether that is a good thing or a bad thing probably depends on your party. Some 58 percent say they believe he will divide rather than unite people. The announcement on Thursday that David M. Friedman, Mr. Trump’s bankruptcy lawyer, would be nominated to be the United States ambassador to Israel, is likely to roil an American Jewish community that sided overwhelmingly with Hillary Clinton and is already at sea in the wake of the 2016 election. Divisions remain among Jewish people over President Obama’s policies, especially his nuclear deal with Iran. And Mr. Friedman is not likely to unify the community. Confronting the liberal Jewish group J Street, which largely opposes the policies of Israel’s conservative prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, Mr. Friedman once leveled one of the worst insults possible to a Jew. He compared the group to kapos, the Jewish collaborators who enforced Nazi edict in the World War II concentration camps. “Are J Street supporters really as bad as kapos? The answer, actually, is no. They are far worse than kapos  —   Jews who turned in their fellow Jews in the Nazi death camps,” Mr. Friedman said. J Street reacted almost immediately to news of Mr. Friedman’s nomination, calling on the Senate to reject him. “As someone who has been a leading American friend of the settlement movement, who lacks any diplomatic or policy credentials and who has attacked liberal Jews who support two states as ‘worse than kapos’ Friedman should be beyond the pale for senators considering who should represent the United States in Israel,” the group said in a statement. The Republican Jewish Coalition was all praise: A Trump economic adviser, Stephen Moore, caused quite a kerfuffle in Detroit on Thursday when in a fit of excitement, he announced that the economic commentator Larry Kudlow would be named chairman of Mr. Trump’s White House Council of Economic Advisers. Mr. Kudlow, while certainly versed in economics, is not an economist. He has an undergraduate degree in history. The council chairman has traditionally been pulled from the highest echelons of academia to advise the president, not to lobby or persuade. Moreover, Mr. Kudlow is an ardent free trader and was openly critical of Mr. Trump’s position on trade during the campaign, even as he enthusiastically backed the candidate. The announcement would have also come as a surprise to Peter Navarro, a   professor of economics at the Paul Merage School of Business at the University of California, Irvine. Professor Navarro is widely considered the   for the post, and his views on trade are more in line with the  ’s. After the Democrats sent out their reactions, and the news media came alive, Mr. Moore sheepishly admitted that, while he is pulling for his friend Mr. Kudlow, the deal is not done. “Larry is the obvious choice, because he has all the connections with the key players on Capitol Hill, and there’s nobody that can articulate the   conservative economic message better than Larry can,” he said. But he admitted he had jumped the gun.",0
8777,Aspartame Turns Into Formaldehyde And Methanol In The Body: Donald Rumsfeld Got It Legalized,"Did you know that Aspartame literally turns into formaldehyde and methanol inside your body? 
Via AlternativeNews 
It breaks down into, according to one paper, “phenylalanine (50%), aspartic acid (40%) and methanol (10%) during metabolism in the body. The excess of phenylalanine blocks the transport of important amino acids to the brain contributing to reduced levels of dopamine and serotonin.”
Video Below Well put by another paper: “Aspartame is a widely used artificial sweetener that has been linked to pediatric and adolescent migraines. Upon ingestion, aspartame is broken, converted, and oxidized into formaldehyde in various tissues.”
5 academic papers are cited in this video, showing exactly what Aspartame does to the body, including one study that plays devil’s advocate, and honestly fails.
Aspartame, as methanol can cause blindness, is linked to deterioration of vision, several cancers, and a litany of other ills. One chemical Aspartame breaks down into in your body, aspartic acid, acts as an excitotoxin.
This video explains what Aspartame really does, and how two time Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld almost single-handedly pressured the FDA into legalizing it for the pharmaceutical corporation Searle.
",0
8779,Trump Budget Director Mulveney: We Are ‘Dead Serious About the Wall’,"President Donald Trump’s budget director Mick Mulvaney reassured supporters that the White House would build a wall, previewing it to reporters at the White House press briefing. [“We are absolutely dead serious about the wall,” Mulvaney said, calling it one of the president’s “top three” budget priorities.  He pushed back against reports that said the administration was reducing funding for the border wall, pointing out that Trump’s budget was a dramatic increase in border security from the previous year. The 2017 budget included $1. 5 billion for border security and $3 billion for the Department of Homeland Security. The 2018 budget, he explained, requested $2. 6 billion and $4. 5 billion for DHS. The text of the budget specifies funds for “a physical wall” on the southern border of the United States. ”a physical wall” pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) May 23, 2017,  The funding would help fund replacement wall, new wall, roads and infrastructure for the wall as well as land acquisition. The director suggested that supporters should be patient regarding the wall, noting that it was only the first step in the lengthy project. “Keep in mind, you can’t just   …     you don’t automatically magically build a wall in the middle of nowhere,” he said. On Monday, Mulvaney previewed a $1. 6 billion request for “actual    construction. ” He described “competition” process for getting the best possible wall design for each area of the Southern border, citing   prototypes that were currently being constructed. “We fully expect that different barriers will serve best in different areas,” Mulvaney said.  ",0
8780,The Biggest Record-Breaking Supermoon In Nearly 70 Years. Don't Miss THIS!,"Share on Facebook If you only see one astronomical event this year, make it the November supermoon, when the Moon will be the closest to Earth it's been since January 1948. During the event, which will happen on the eve of November 14, the Moon will appear up to 14 percent bigger and 30 percent brighter than an average full moon. This is the closest the Moon will get to Earth until 25 November 2034, so you really don't want to miss this one. So how do you get a Supermoon? As NASA explains , because the Moon has an elliptical orbit, one side – called the perigee – is about 48,280 km (30,000 miles) closer to Earth than the other side (the apogee). When the Sun, the Moon, and Earth line up as the Moon orbits Earth, that’s known as syzygy. (definitely you won't remember the word) When this Earth-Moon-Sun system occurs with the perigee side of the Moon facing us, and the Moon happens to be on the opposite side of Earth from the Sun, we get what's called a perigee-syzygy. That causes the Moon to appear much bigger and brighter in our sky than usual, and it's referred to as a Supermoon – or more technically, a perigee moon. Supermoons aren't all that uncommon – we just had one on October 16 , and after the November 14 super-supermoon , we'll have another one on December 14. But because the November 14 Moon becomes full within about 2 hours of perigee, it's going to look the biggest it has in nearly seven decades. “The full moon of November 14 is not only the closest full moon of 2016, but also the closest full moon to date in the 21st century,” says NASA. “The full moon won't come this close to Earth again until 25 November 2034.” Depending on where you're viewing it from, the difference between a Supermoon and a regular full moon can be stark, or difficult to tell. If the Moon is hanging high overhead, and you have no buildings or landmarks to compare it to, it can be tricky to tell that it's larger than usual. But if you're viewing from a spot where the Moon is sitting closer to the horizon, it can create what's known as ‘moon illusion’. “When the moon is near the horizon, it can look unnaturally large when viewed through trees, buildings, or other foreground objects,” says NASA. “The effect is an optical illusion, but that fact doesn't take away from the experience.” Here Are A Couple Of Incredible Supermoon Photos: The full moon silhouettes the statue of the Virgin Mary on top the University of Notre Dame's golden dome on Monday, Sept. 8, 2014, in South Bend, Ind. (AP Photo/South Bend Tribune, Robert Franklin) The Supermoon rises over houses in Olvera, in the southern Spanish province of Cadiz, July 12, 2014. Occurring when a full moon or new moon coincides with the closest approach the moon makes to the Earth, the Supermoon results in a larger-than-usual appearance of the lunar disk. (REUTERS/Jon Nazca) You'll have some awesome opportunities to take pictures with your phone overnight, but if you want to see it at its absolute biggest, it's expected to reach the peak of its full phase on the morning of November 14 at 8:52am EST (1352 GMT). For those of you in Australia, you'll need to wait until November 15 to see it, and the Moon will hit its full phase at 12:52am AEST. Here's A Taste Of What's To Come: Related:",0
8781,"The Illuminati – Part 9 – Symbols, Celebrities & Subliminal Messages (Final Segment)","November 6, 2016 at 3:35 pm 
Easy way to join the illuminati brotherhood in the world. 
Kindly contact Mr Hazzard Wallace the illuminati online registrations officer in USA through their email now: and you shall be given an ideal chance to visit the satan and his representative after registrations is completed by you, no sacrifice or human life needed, illuminati brotherhood brings along wealth and famous in life, you have a full access to eridicate poverty away from your life now. So contact Mr Hazzard Wallace the online registrar at: or Via moblie +17402028608 or +17128239585 and +14432034680﻿",0
8782,According to activity on Facebook Donald Trump will sweep 42 of 50 states in this election!,"« Previous - Next » According to activity on Facebook Donald Trump will sweep 42 of 50 states in this election! 
For weeks now all that has been posted with regards to the Presidential election is the lead that Hillary Clinton holds against Republican challenger Donald Trump. The mainstream press leads each day with an article or two on how Donald Trump has no electoral path to the White House. Could the political predictors working for the major networks and newspapers all be wrong? 
Yes, they are completely wrong, and wrong based on a basic and simple fact not being factored into their forgone conclusion. The fact being ignored is Donald Trump is winning the battle fought on the social media battleground. When 
Analyzed properly, it is clear that Donald Trump is getting all the attention on Facebook. Granted about half the comments he receives are positive, but Hillary Clinton's comments are almost entirely on the negative end of the commentary spectrum. 
Based on a thorough analysis of the Facebook chatter, it is predicted that Donald Trump will win 42 of the 50 states, including New York. This outcome is not only a landslide but an outright slaughter. Also understand that much of this data has been accrued before Hillary Clinton's current issues surfacing such as the Project Veritas Videos showing the DNC cheating machine in motion, the Wiki-leaks revelations, and the FBI reopening of the investigation of Hillary Clinton passing classified information on her private email server. All these scandals combined will only further erode any support she might find among the truly undecided . 
Another factor not being widely explained is that many of the polls affording Hillary Clinton her huge lead are also over sampling both Democrats and Independents. It is also not clear with regards to the learning of the Independents which is more likely than not, left of center. It will take a lot of dead voters and stuffed ballot boxes to bring Hillary Clinton close to the victory predicted by the mainstream media. 
This article (According to activity on Facebook Donald Trump will sweep 42 of 50 states in this election! ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Disclose.tv Related Articles",0
8783,Paul Ryan: Trump Will Have the Funding to Build Border Wall - Breitbart,".@SpeakerRyan: President Trump will have the funding to build the wall, and he already has the authorization to do it pic. twitter.  Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” House Speaker Paul Ryan explained that President Donald Trump already has the authorization to build a wall on the U. S.  border. But he added Congress also be giving him the funding to build the wall as well.  “We have already authorized this, meaning the law was passed almost 10 years ago,” Ryan said. “And then we will give the financing to Secretary Kelly and the border security plan. So, it’s really up to them as to how fast they can execute this policy. I think that’s great. He’s the kind of guy that can get this sort of thing done. He will have the funding to do it and he already has the authorization to do it. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
8784,Your turn!,"PokeTheTruth on November 15, 2016 · at 6:39 pm UTC 
President-elect Trump has much to learn and do but he needs the right people in his administration. The people “in the know” are the ones that must engage with Mr. Trump now, before it’s too late. 
I want to share a letter written by an anonymous American to the editors of the American Conservative website. 
Title: Isn’t Anyone Going to Step Up? 
Dear American Conservative, 
I’ll be brief. President-elect Trump is looking for a few good men for his cabinet and other key staffing positions. See: : https://www.greatagain.gov/serve-america.html . 
As you know, the president-elect is surrounded by militarists who wear a political cloak known as neo-conservatism, a.k.a. “neocons”. They are standard bearers for globalism and the new world order. They use the Pentagon’s Department of War as the overt mechanism to enforce their agenda of what I call the “3-B” foreign policy: Bribing other nations with financial and military aid, Bullying them with economic sanctions when those countries reject the demand of fealty and Bombing their resistance into submission. 
Bribing, Bullying and Bombing is a perversion of statesmanship and must end as America’s platform for relations with other nations. 
What Mr. Trump is currently presented with are Washington beltway insiders and career bureaucratic policy makers. These are NOT the people to be part of his new administration. The brain trust he needs are people like you conservatives, who can think and reason with an intelligentsia based upon commonsense and reason founded in the core of federal republicanism. 
My own grandfather and father came to America not because of government subsidies or nationalistic fervor wrapped around a false sense of patriotism, nor for the many freedoms guaranteed in the U.S. Constitution. They came for what Lady Liberty offered with open arms; the opportunity for a better life. My father prospered by working hard, not by scheming to demand the wealth of others. 
Mr. Jon Basil Utley wrote this excellent article about John Bolton (see: http://www.theamericanconserva … ). 
I ask Mr. Utley to do more, to consider filling out an application to serve in Mr. Trump’s administration. In fact, all you men should step up and submit your C.V. and get an interview. At least one of you might get face time to explain why these militarists (i.e., neocons) are the most dangerous plotters and planners of planetary chaos and must not be hired but instead purged from all forums of power that influence the federal government. 
There are many well-educated people in the field of economics, commerce, healthcare, foreign relations, etc. who have never served in a presidential administration and most likely have no interest in doing so. This is understandable. But if there ever was a time that good men such as yourselves were needed by America, it is now. Please think about it, what it would mean to the country, what it would mean to yourselves and posterity. 
In the 18th century, a group of men became known as the founding fathers of the federal republic. Those men have passed on and that is why our nation needs new visionaries to guide her back on the right path. Become more than your current station in life; the writers of prose on paper. Become the 21st century paladins to carry on the principles of equal justice under the rule of law, of civil society founded in representative democracy, of prosperity and peace, awaiting in the womb of hope to be born again.",0
8785,"Obama Swipes at Trump, but Doesn’t Name Him, in Speech at Rutgers - The New York Times","President Obama took several sharp swipes at Donald J. Trump on Sunday during a commencement address that could be the beginning of a forceful effort to help elect a Democratic successor as president. Addressing Rutgers University’s class of 2016 at the school’s 250th anniversary commencement, Mr. Obama never mentioned Mr. Trump by name. But his target was clear, and his assessments earned raucous cheers from the graduates. “The world is more interconnected than ever before, and it’s becoming more connected every day,” Mr. Obama told the graduates. “Building walls won’t change that. ” Mr. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has proposed building a wall between the United States and Mexico and forcing Mexico to pay for its potential multibillion dollar construction costs. Mr. Trump has also denounced much of the modern international trading and economic system, and he has proposed banning Muslim visitors and immigrants from the country, at least temporarily  —   all ideas Mr. Obama condemned on Sunday. Mr. Obama and Mr. Trump have exchanged zingers before. Mr. Trump was a leading voice questioning Mr. Obama’s birth location and citizenship, and Mr. Obama has responded by taking particular delight in skewering Mr. Trump. But Mr. Obama is altering his stump speech in important ways to go after Mr. Trump. As his remaining time in office draws to less than a school year, Mr. Obama has alternated between mild and mock horror, pointed humor and a touch of disbelief in his attacks on the Republican  . “We live in an age of global supply chains, and a lot of folks have legitimate concerns with the way globalization has progressed,” Mr. Obama said. “But the answer isn’t to stop trading with other countries. In this global economy, that’s not even possible. ” Mr. Obama said that isolating and disparaging Muslims was not only a betrayal of American values but “would alienate the very communities at home and abroad who are our most important partners in combating violent extremism. ” Wearing a crimson robe with black sashes and a purple doctoral hood that a fierce wind kept blowing off his shoulders, Mr. Obama told the graduates that the knowledge they had earned through years of studying was something they should insist political leaders value and possess themselves. “Facts, evidence, reason, logic, an understanding of science  —   these are good things. These are qualities you want in people making policy,” Mr. Obama said, adding later, “In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue. ” Mr. Obama seemed to especially take pleasure in advocating the use of facts in politics while speaking to an academic audience. His point with such arguments is usually to press for action against climate change, one of the signature policies of his administration and one that nearly all climate scientists support. But while Mr. Obama mentioned climate change, he also used his points about facts and experience to take yet another swipe at an unnamed Mr. Trump. He noted that when people get sick, they want an experienced doctor to treat them when they fly, they want experienced pilots. “And yet in our public lives, we suddenly say, ‘I don’t want somebody who’s done it before’?” he asked in derision. Mr. Trump has no experience as a politician, a quality that has been viewed as one of the most important reasons for his success as a presidential candidate. Mr. Obama came to Rutgers after students, faculty members and even relatives of students spent the past three years lobbying the White House for him to speak on this anniversary for the school. “The truth is, Rutgers, I came here because you asked. You are the first to launch a   campaign,” he said. “Emails, letters, tweets, YouTube videos. I even got three notes from the grandmother of your student body president,” Mr. Obama said, drawing laughter. “And I have to say that really sealed the deal. That was smart because I have a soft spot for grandmas. ” But Mr. Obama made clear that Rutgers was precisely the kind of institution that he wanted to celebrate. Last week, Mr. Obama spoke at the commencement of Howard University, a historically black university, and told the next generation of black leaders that passion must be tempered by strategic thinking and a willingness to compromise. Rutgers, one of the first nine   institutions in the American colonies, “could be the most diverse student body in America,” he said. And he likened Rutgers’ long history of success with that of the country as a whole. And while he celebrated that history, he made clear to the graduates that no period in history was as prosperous as this one. “The good old days weren’t all that good,” Mr. Obama said. “In fact, by almost every measure, America is better and the world is better than it was 50 years ago or 30 years ago or even eight years ago. ” One of Mr. Obama’s frustrations during his presidency has been the country’s persistently sour mood despite what he sees as a remarkable turnaround in the nation’s economy, the passage of   health care legislation and the nation’s   strength militarily. He cited those accomplishments and many others, including declining rates of crime, teenage pregnancy and poverty, as well as improvements in life expectancy, the status of blacks and Latinos and clean energy. “Marriage equality is the law of the land,” he added, to robust cheers. As he often does in such speeches, Mr. Obama told the graduates that they needed to participate in the political process and be satisfied with incremental change. Democrats generally fare better than Republicans in   elections, and while young people overwhelmingly support Democrats, they rarely vote. So Mr. Obama and Michelle Obama, the first lady, always urge student audiences to show up at the polls on Election Day. “Because apathy has consequences,” the president said. He said changes, even small ones, were worth fighting for. “I always tell my daughters, ‘Better is good,’” Mr. Obama said near the end of his speech, adding, “Don’t waste your time waiting. ”",0
8786,Disney Refuses Ransom to Hackers Who Stole ‘Pirates of The Caribbean’ - Breitbart,"Disney is refusing, thus far, to buckle to hackers’ ransomware demands to return the new edition of Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales. [Deadline Hollywood reported that Disney CEO Bob Iger has gone to the FBI, rather than pay a huge amount of Bitcoins to the ransomware hackers to recover the latest Pirates of the Caribbean sequel. The first several episodes generated $3. 75 billion at the box office.  The WannaCrypt virus, better known as “WannaCry,”   over the weekend at the rate of about 5, 000 computers an hour. It exploited known vulnerabilities of servers running Microsoft software that had not been updated with the existing Windows Defender’s     security patch, or are so old they are no longer supported. The WannaCry ransomware also exploits a Microsoft Server Message Block (SMB) vulnerability developed by the U. S. National Security Agency and disclosed on Twitter last month by the infamous ShadowBrokers hacker auction site. Cybersecurity Ventures estimated   financial losses at about $4 billion, before Disney late last night confirmed to ABC employees that the movie was being held hostage. Hollywood’s other big media property caught up in the WannaCry ransomware hack is Netflix’s Orange is the New Black. Huge corporations like Disney and Netflix employ very sophisticated security professionals and spend big bucks to license     software. But the thousands of financially struggling creative individuals, and hundreds of small specialized vendors, who service the media giants lack appropriate security tools, which is providing criminals with an open door to steal intellectual property treasures. Despite estimated global corporate investment plans to spend $1 trillion on computer security over the next four years, annual cybercrime losses are expected to grow from $3 trillion in 2015 to a $6 trillion a year in 2021. Global damage from the WannaCry virus was limited after a researcher at Malware Tech accidentally discovered a “kill switch” over the weekend.",0
8787,"McConnell: Senate Action on Healthcare ’Will Not Be Quick, or Simple, or Easy’ - Breitbart","Monday on the Senate floor, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) said the Senate’s work on the healthcare reform bill “will not be quick, or simple, or easy. ”  McConnell said, “We can continue with the status quo under Obamacare, and we know what that looks like. It means even higher premiums, even fewer choices, even more insurance companies pulling out, even more uncertainty and even more chaos. To those who have suffered enough already, my message is this, we hear you, and Congress is acting. I commend the House and the administration for making this important advance last week. Now the Senate will do its work. The administration will also continue doing its part to deliver relief and stabilize the health markets as best it can. The process will not be quick, or simple, or easy. But it must be done. It is the least both parties owe to countless Americans who suffer under Obamacare and will continue to suffer if we do not act. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",0
8788,Busted: Bill Recorded Telling Mistress To Deny That Clintons Helped Her Get A State Job,"Email 

Former President Bill Clinton can be heard telling his former mistress, Gennifer Flowers, to deny that he helped her get a state job in a series of recorded phone conversation from 1991. 
“If they ever asked if you’d talked to me about it, you can say no,” Clinton is heard saying in the recording. 
At the time, the media was making inquiries about Flowers’ alleged affair with Clinton, and she was concerned that they may question how she got a job as administrative assistant for the Arkansas Appeal Tribunal. 
Clinton can also be heard telling Flowers how to handle a grievance filed by soemone else who applied for the same positioned and claimed she was more qualified than Flowers. 
Flowers famously recorded a series of conversation she had with Clinton from December 1990 to December 1991, while he was still Governor of Arkansas. The audio segments about the state job were widely reported in the 1990’s, however, as other pay-for-play financial scandals have surfaced, the details may warrant revisiting. 

Here is a transcript of part of the recording: 
GF – But anyway, then Wednesday, there was a grievance filed in my office when I got the job by a girl who felt like she should have gotten it, a black girl named (deleted). And they called me as a witness. So I go in and uh, nothing big came of it. It’s just that they were questioning me about how I found out about the job. And I said, “Well, that personnel said it that it was a possibility there would be a position,” and then uh, “they told me that it would be advertised in the newspaper. And it was and I pursued it from there. 
BC – Good for you. 
GF: Yeah. We had a little bit of a scare recently because she had a spot on an X-ray. And she went and had it checked again and it wasn’t cancer. And it’s been almost, it’ll be two years in May that she’s now diagnosed cancer free. My stepfather has been through two angioplasties, but he’s doing good. And I am, I’m really, Bill what I’m afraid of is that if somebody in the press finds out that I’m working for the state. 
BC – Yeah. 
GF – They’re going to make a big deal of it. 
BC – Yeah. 
GF – Well the only thing that concerns me, where I’m, where I’m concerned at this point is the state job. 
BC – Yeah. I never thought about that, but as long as you say you’ve just been looking for one, you’d uh, check on it. If they ever asked if you’d talked to me about it, you can say no.",0
8789,Globe Still Has Two Months Under Obama,"Home | World | Globe Still Has Two Months Under Obama Globe Still Has Two Months Under Obama By Satyrus Venge 19/11/2016 10:19:51 
Solitudinem fecerunt, pacem appelunt 
LONDON – England – Whenever extreme leftists lose an election, there are many prices to be paid as the vindictive sore losers create a maelstrom on the way out. 

Socialists do not believe in fair play, and they destroy as much as they can whilst they are in the last days of power. 
This scorched earth policy was witnessed in the last days of the Gordon Brown prime ministership in which he succeeded in burning the UK’s economy bringing it to the very brink of extension. 
As for referendums and other votes by the people, these are not honoured by socialists unless the results go their way. We can see what is happening today with the EU referendum, a vote that was conclusively for Brexit by 17.5 million people, 52% of the electorate. The vicious bad sportsmanship of socialists and Marxists are being witnessed now with illegal judicial trickery and they are doing everything in their power to derail the decision. 
There is no such thing as fair play or honour when it comes to these devout socialists who employ every dirty trick in their arsenal to back stab, renege on previous promises or legitimate democratic votes. 
They are not men of honour, they instead utilise nasty underhand cowardly techniques to destabilise and engender a scorched earth policy, all the while, whining and moaning with a collective droning sound. 
So, the next two months will be another example of nasty socialism that has lost, another example of how socialists use their power to punish those who voted against them. These disgusting, vile creatures will do everything now to get you, the populace who had enough of their control freakery, their underhand techniques, and their never ceasing effort to halt freedom of speech, freedom of expression and general human freedom. 
Only stunted morons of the lowest intelligence cannot distinguish satire from fake news, but these are people without any sense of justice, or literary knowledge, they do not care as long as their agenda punishes those who fight for freedom. bono vinci satius est quam almo more iniuriam vincere A good man would rather suffer defeat than defeat another by foul means (Sallust) 
The Daily Squib says to these uncouth vagabonds, these lowly turgid vipers splattering their poisonous inhibitive wares of excrement onto the halls of true satire, an indominitable force, which has survived for thousands of years — you are nothing. 
You will be left with nothing, for you are inconsequential, you are irrelevant, you will not be remembered, you will be forgotten in the sands of time, lesser than excrement, or turds that align your ideology of dishonour and hatred for purity. 
You will perish without having achieved anything, without even a speck of true creativity or reason, you will be erased from the universe, imploded, and fucked for eternity, for your ill-will, your duplicitous lies will follow you into the deepest depths of the hatred you have created. 
A profound Fuck You follows you to your graves, and may history erase your awful memory forever a stain on the collective conscience of humanity.",0
8790,Lewd Donald Trump Tape Is a Breaking Point for Many in the G.O.P. - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   Republican leaders began to abandon Donald J. Trump by the dozens on Saturday after the release of a video showing him speaking of women in vulgar sexual terms, delivering a punishing blow to his campaign and plunging the party into crisis a month before the election. Fearing that his candidacy was on the verge of undermining the entire Republican ticket next month, a group of senators and House members withdrew support for him, with some demanding that he step aside. Mr. Trump, however, vowed to stay in the race. The list of party figures publicly rejecting Mr. Trump included a host of prominent elected officials, perhaps most notably Senator John McCain of Arizona, the 2008 nominee. “I thought it important I respect the fact that Donald Trump won a majority of the delegates by the rules our party set,” Mr. McCain said in a statement. “But Donald Trump’s behavior this week, concluding with the disclosure of his demeaning comments about women and his boasts about sexual assaults, make it impossible to continue to offer even conditional support for his candidacy. ” And in an   rebuke by a running mate, Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana, the Republican   candidate, declined to appear on Mr. Trump’s behalf at a party gathering in Wisconsin and offered him something of an ultimatum on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Pence said in a statement that he was “offended by the words and actions described by Donald Trump” in the video, and cast Mr. Trump’s second debate with Hillary Clinton, on Sunday, as an urgent moment to turn around the campaign. “I do not condone his remarks and cannot defend them,” Mr. Pence said, adding, “We pray for his family and look forward to the opportunity he has to show what is in his heart when he goes before the nation tomorrow night. ” By Saturday evening, no fewer than 36 Republican members of Congress and governors who had not previously ruled out supporting Mr. Trump disavowed his candidacy, an unprecedented desertion by the institutional Republican Party of its own   just a month before Election Day. The growing wall of opposition recalled the determination of the party establishment this year to deny Mr. Trump the nomination in the first place. He easily swatted away that effort, but Mr. Trump now finds himself in a far more precarious state. Facing a more vast and diverse electorate, his lightly organized campaign was already listing before the videotape was released. Aides described Mr. Trump as shaken, watching news coverage of the video with a mix of disbelief and horror. Shortly after midnight, he had released a videotaped statement, saying, “I’ve said and done things I regret, and the words released today on this more than a   video are one of them. ” In a brief telephone interview on Saturday, he shrugged off the calls to leave, saying he would “never drop out of this race in a million years. ” “I haven’t heard from anyone saying I should drop out, and that would never happen, never happen,” Mr. Trump said. “That’s not the kind of person I am. I am in this until the end. ” Far from sounding rattled, Mr. Trump insisted that he could still prevail in November. “Oh, yeah, we can win  —   we will win,” he said. “We have tremendous support. I think a lot of people underestimate how loyal my supporters are. ” A couple of hours later, the campaign released a statement from his wife, Melania. “The words my husband used are unacceptable and offensive to me,” she said. “This does not represent the man that I know. ” “I hope people will accept his apology, as I have, and focus on the important issues facing our nation and the world,” she said. But the situation had grown so dire that many in the party were all but pleading with him to withdraw and let Mr. Pence serve as the presidential nominee. On Saturday afternoon, Senator John Thune of South Dakota, the chairman of the Republican Conference, became the most senior Republican to call on Mr. Trump to make way for Mr. Pence. The exodus began late Friday night when a handful of Utah Republicans who said they would support Mr. Trump indicated that they could no longer tolerate their nominee. But it was not until a pair of conservative women, Representatives Barbara Comstock of Virginia and Martha Roby of Alabama, implored Mr. Trump to withdraw that previously hesitant Republicans stepped forward to reject Mr. Trump’s candidacy. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire was the first Republican senator facing a competitive   to say she would no longer back Mr. Trump, announcing in a statement that she would write in Mr. Pence for president instead. “I’m a mom and an American first, and I cannot and will not support a candidate for president who brags about degrading and assaulting women,” she wrote on Twitter. Ms. Ayotte was joined just hours later by Mr. McCain, who is also running for   and Representative Joe Heck of Nevada, who is locked in a close race for the Senate seat now held by Harry Reid, the Democratic minority leader, who is retiring. It was an admission that Mr. Trump now posed an immediate threat to their own candidacies and that, to have any chance to survive, they had to risk angering his ardent supporters. At a party gathering on Saturday in Wisconsin, Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who had disinvited Mr. Trump and said he was “sickened” by the video, was greeted with a few boos, and Mr. Heck was both jeered and applauded when he announced to a crowd in Nevada that he was not backing the presidential nominee. Mr. Ryan told his crowd he would not be discussing “the elephant in the room,” the 2005 video showing a bus that had Mr. Trump aboard, and included an audio recording of him privately bantering with other men. Mr. Trump, then newly married to Ms. Trump, crassly boasted about groping women’s genitals, vulgarly commented on their bodies and generally described women as sex objects who could not resist his advances. In his video statement released early Saturday, Mr. Trump said: “Anyone who knows me knows these words don’t reflect who I am. I said it, I was wrong, and I apologize. ” “I pledge to be a better man tomorrow and will never, ever let you down,” he added, before ending the message with a promise to bring up the sex scandals of Bill Clinton’s presidency and Hillary Clinton’s response to them. Inside Trump Tower, though, Mr. Trump’s defiant public responses belied the reality of a   period in which he was alternately angry and distressed, according to two people with direct knowledge of his behavior who were granted anonymity to discuss private conversations. Mr. Trump and his    Jared Kushner, initially expressed skepticism upon hearing that such a recording existed, saying those comments did not sound like him. When Mr. Trump heard the tape played, he acknowledged it was him, but he believed the fallout would not be dramatic. Mr. Pence, however, was dismayed, and called into Trump headquarters on Friday night to urge Mr. Trump to apologize. On Saturday morning, Mr. Pence called Mr. Trump and told him he had to handle the next 48 hours alone because he did not think he would be an effective surrogate. Mr. Trump, after monitoring television coverage, realized he was becoming isolated by his party. Mr. Trump’s aides did not explicitly ask top advisers and allies to do their usual defense of Mr. Trump’s comments, according to one person briefed on the discussions, but they did ask people to stand by his side. A few supporters did, including Ben Carson the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham and Robert and Rebekah Mercer, the wealthy father and daughter who are perhaps Mr. Trump’s most important backers, and who said in a statement that they considered the video “locker room braggadocio. ” “America is finally fed up and disgusted with its political elite,” they said. “Trump is channeling this disgust, and those among the political elite who quake before the boombox of media blather do not appreciate the apocalyptic choice that America faces on Nov. 8. ” Two of Mr. Trump’s most prominent supporters  —   Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey and former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York  —   went to Trump Tower around noon to huddle with Mr. Trump and try to get in some debate preparation. In the afternoon, more damaging news hit the web and cable television, with a CNN report on the numerous lewd and tasteless comments he had made over the years on “The Howard Stern Show. ” Just before 5 p. m. Mr. Trump emerged for about five minutes, briskly striding through his gilded lobby to a waiting crowd of supporters on the sidewalk. He pumped his right fist in the air as fans surrounded him. “Hundred percent,” Mr. Trump told reporters who yelled questions about whether he would stay in the race. Mr. Pence flew from Indianapolis to a   event in Rhode Island, where he told supporters that the election was about more than “one man,” said Joseph A. Trillo, the chairman of Mr. Trump’s campaign in the state. Over hors d’oeuvres in a Newport mansion, Mr. Pence offered a pep talk without making direct mention of the day’s dire events. “He used the terminology that it’s a movement and it’s bigger than Donald Trump,” Mr. Trillo said. At the same time, leading Republicans were demanding that the Republican National Committee, which has been helping the Trump campaign financially and organizationally, abandon Mr. Trump and turn its attention to salvaging other candidates down the ballot. Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania, said the committee should no longer “defend the indefensible. ” He called on Reince Priebus, the party chairman, to force Mr. Trump off the ticket  —   or face the consequences. “The chairman of the R. N. C. must look out for the good of the party as a whole, so he should be working to get him to step down,” Mr. Dent said. “If he can’t, then he should step down. ” The committee remained silent on Saturday as members of Congress began fleeing from Mr. Trump, not responding to news media inquiries and, senior Republican officials said, not coordinating with other campaign organizations. However, one senior Republican official said Mr. Priebus was deeply distressed. He went to Trump Tower in the afternoon to talk to Mr. Trump. Powerful donors and business interests signaled that they would redirect their attention to   candidates. Republican power brokers had hoped until recently that Mr. Trump might make a credible showing in the presidential election, aiding the party in its other crucial races. But Republicans now say that their worst fears have come to pass, as Mr. Trump has unraveled in a series of missteps after his first debate with Mrs. Clinton. Even before Mr. Trump’s 2005 comments came to light, internal Republican polling showed him losing ground among three groups that had long been wary of his candidacy: independents, women, and voters with college degrees. That slide is likely to accelerate now, Republicans said, potentially sending voters fleeing toward Democrats or convincing them that they should stay home on Nov. 8. Either outcome would be ruinous for Republican candidates beyond the presidential race. “It will be difficult in the extreme for him to recover from this, but the biggest impact is likely to be its effect on all the   races,” said Fred Malek, the finance chairman of the Republican Governors Association, who called Mr. Trump’s comments “beyond disgusting. ” “If they pull the plug on support for Trump,” he said, “the vast majority of voters will certainly understand that and most will respect it. ”",0
8791,Republican Party Unravels Over Donald Trump’s Takeover - The New York Times,"By seizing the Republican presidential nomination for Donald J. Trump on Tuesday night, he and his millions of supporters completed what had seemed unimaginable: a hostile takeover of one of America’s two major political parties. Just as stunning was how quickly the host tried to reject them. The party’s two living former presidents spurned Mr. Trump, a number of sitting governors and senators expressed opposition or ambivalence toward him, and he drew a forceful rebuke from the single most powerful and popular rival left on the Republican landscape: the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan. Rarely if ever has a party seemed to come apart so visibly. Rarely, too, has the nation been so on edge about its politics. Many Americans still cannot believe that the bombastic Mr. Trump, best known as a reality television star, will be on the ballot in November. Plenty are also anxious about what he would do in office. But for leading Republicans, the dismay is deeper and darker. They fear their party is on the cusp of an epochal split  —   a historic cleaving between the familiar form of conservatism forged in the 1960s and popularized in the 1980s and a rekindled, atavistic nationalism, with roots as old as the republic, that has not flared up so intensely since the original America First movement before Pearl Harbor. Some even point to France and other European countries, where   parties like the National Front have gained power because of the sort of resentments that are frequently given voice at rallies for Mr. Trump. Yet if keeping the peace means embracing Mr. Trump and his most divisive ideas and utterances, a growing number are loath to do it. The ties between Republican elites  —   elected officials, donors and Washington insiders  —   and voters have actually been fraying for years. Traditional power brokers long preached   conservatism and wanted to pursue an immigration overhaul, entitlement cuts, free trade and a hawkish foreign policy, and nominees like John McCain and Mitt Romney largely embraced that agenda. Republican leaders also vilified President Obama and Democrats, stoking anger with    conservatives. Many Republican voters trudged along with those earlier nominees, but never became truly animated until Mr. Trump offered them his brand of angry populism: a blend of protectionism at home and a smaller American footprint abroad. And he was able to exploit their resentments and frustrations because those same Republican leaders had been nurturing those feelings for years with attacks on Mr. Obama, Democrats, illegal immigrants and others. Mr. Trump, with his steadfast promises to deport immigrants who are in the country illegally and to build a wall with Mexico, may have done irreversible damage to his general election prospects. But he quickly earned the trust that so many of those voters had lost in other fixtures of America  —   not just in its leaders, but in institutions like Congress, the Federal Reserve and the   campaign finance system that Mr. Trump has repudiated, as well as in corporations, the Roman Catholic Church and the news media. And he has amplified his independent, outsider message in real time, using social media and cable news interviews  —   and his own celebrity and highly attuned ear for what resonates  —   to rally voters to his side, using communication strategies similar to those deployed in the Arab Spring uprising or in the attempts by liberals and students to foment a similar revolution in Iran. “Trump leveraged a perfect storm,” said Steve Case, the founder of AOL, in an email message. “A combo of social media (big following) brand (celebrity figure) creativity (pithy tweets)   (dominating news cycles). ” Mr. Trump is an unlikely spokesman for the grievances of financially struggling, alienated Americans: a   Manhattan billionaire who erects skyscrapers for the wealthy and can easily get politicians on the phone. But as a shrewd business tactician, he understood the Republican Party’s customers better than its leaders did and sensed that his brand of populist, pugilistic,   politics would meet their needs. After seething at Washington for so long, hundreds or thousands of miles from the capital, many of these voters now see Mr. Trump as a kind of savior. Even if he does not detail his policies, even if his language strikes them as harsh sometimes, his supporters thrill more to his   slogans like “Make America Great Again” than to what they see as the cautious and   policy speeches of Mr. Ryan and other Washington Republicans. “I love the death out of Paul Ryan, but honestly, I’m going to vote for Trump anyways,” said David Myers, 49, who attended a campaign rally for Mr. Trump in Charleston, W. Va. on Thursday night. “Because Paul Ryan, and I love him to death, but he’s one of those career politicians. ” Mr. Trump now feels so empowered that he does not think he needs the political support of the party establishment to defeat the likely Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton. He is confident that his appeal will be broad and deep enough among voters of all stripes that he could win battleground states like Michigan, Ohio, and Pennsylvania without the support of leaders like Mr. Ryan, Mr. Trump said in an interview on Saturday. Although he plans to meet with Mr. Ryan and House Republican leaders on Thursday, Mr. Trump said he would not materially change his policies or style to win their endorsements. “Everything is subject to negotiation, but I can’t and won’t be changing much, because the voters support me because of what I’m saying and how I’m saying it,” Mr. Trump said. “The establishment didn’t do anything to make me the nominee, so its support won’t really make much difference in me winning in November. ” (Mr. Trump will, though, be somewhat dependent on the party’s   muscle since he has indicated he will not fully   his general election campaign.) One reason Mr. Trump takes a skeptical view of establishment support is that he does not believe much in the power of the Republican elite. He is the party’s presumptive nominee, after all, because the political forces that once might have halted his rise have been enfeebled. Leaders such as Mr. Romney warned in the direst terms that Mr. Trump’s nomination would stain the party and lead it to ruin. Venerable media outlets on the right, like National Review, sought to reprise their role as arbiters of who is fit to carry the banner of conservatism. Their pleas fell on deaf ears. Mr. Trump’s arsenal was far more fearsome. Combining   fame and an   demagogy, he bypassed the ossified gatekeepers and appealed directly to voters through a constant Twitter stream that seemed interrupted only by television appearances. In doing so, he seemed to grasp that a new twist on direct democracy was in the offing: that disaffected voters who tune out the traditional modes of political communication might be reachable through their smartphones, and Twitter messages or Reddits might be more relevant to those voters than the findings of a more scientific poll. On the left, too, Senator Bernie Sanders has built his own movement with millions of voters, and $210 million in   by using online tools as simple as email to seek support. Yet Mr. Trump’s celebrity has been an enormous asset with voters who feel gratified and inspired that he would lavish them with attention and bluntly express some of the ideas and attitudes they share. For 12 consecutive years, polls have indicated that Americans believe the country is on the wrong track, and Republicans have been especially vulnerable to a political campaign like Mr. Trump’s that seeks to channel voter anger. In every state where the question was asked in exit polls during the primary season, 50 percent or more of Republicans said they felt betrayed by their leaders. The adhesive that once held Republicans together  —   a shared commitment to a strong national defense and limited government  —   was weakened by the demise of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War. But internal divisions were papered over when new, unifying threats emerged after the attacks on Sept. 11, 2001. It was not until near the end of President George W. Bush’s second term that those fissures broke open again, first with Mr. Bush’s attempt at an immigration overhaul, including a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, and then after the financial rescue of big banks from the 2008 financial collapse. Alongside the turbulent economy were signs of something more profound plaguing   white communities, which have increasingly become core Republican constituencies: an increase in children born to single parents, higher rates of addiction and suicide, and shortened average life spans. “The economic deprivation of the last 30 years for   whites, combined with growing social isolation, was really dry tinder,” said Robert D. Putnam, the Harvard political scientist who wrote “Bowling Alone. ” And Mr. Trump, Mr. Putnam contended, “lit a spark. ” “He constructed a series of scapegoats that these folks would find plausible,” said Mr. Putnam, citing Mr. Trump’s attacks on Muslims and immigrants. “He was willing to say things that might have always been popular, but you couldn’t say it. ” With Mr. Trump now saying it loudly and clearly, many Americans feel deeply unsettled by the nation’s politics. Not since Mr. Bush invaded Iraq have so many liberals been murmuring about moving to other countries. And many Republican officials and donors just hope to get through the election with their party intact. “The party has never been more out of touch with our voters,” Vin Weber, a former Minnesota congressman, said of the two factions, acknowledging that Republicans could splinter completely after this election. “I don’t know how you reconcile a lot of them. ” Mr. Weber expressed hope that Mr. Trump and Mr. Ryan would find some common ground. But few in the party now deny that the threat of an enduring split is real. “I think there’s a pretty clear Trump wing of the party coming to life,” said Barry Wynn, a prominent   who supported Jeb Bush for president and has not yet fallen in behind Mr. Trump. “But I have to think that four or eight years from now, the Trump wing will be a little more traditional, a little less   and will be blended into the party just like the evangelical Pat Robertson voters were after the 1988 election. ” “At least,” he added, “I hope that’s what’ll happen. ”",0
8792,Election Mirrors War between Masonic Factions,"Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Election Mirrors War between Masonic Factions Essential Reading Bloody Bill Clinton – American Caligula By wmw_admin on September 1, 2006 
The real legacy of Clinton’s term of office: the chilling body count of those connected with him, who died in unusual or suspicious circumstances Hellstorm – Exposing The Real Genocide of Nazi Germany (Full Documentary) By wmw_admin on May 10, 2015 
What happened in the aftermath of World War II has been one of the darkest and best kept secrets in world history. Letter from James Abourezk, former US Senator from South Dakota to Jeff Blankfort on the Israel Lobby By wmw_admin on December 8, 2006 
More than being an insider’s confirmation of the power of the pro-Israel lobby over Congress, the former US Senator’s letter also calls into question Noam Chomsky’s increasingly suspect looking motives Adam Weishaupt By wmw_admin on June 29, 2005 
The founding of the Illuminati and one of the key players behind the genesis of the New World Order This Will Shock You To The Core: 9/11 from Cheney to Mossad By wmw_admin on September 13, 2015 
Rebekah Roth has uncovered new “bombshell” evidence relating to Dick Cheney, Israeli art students, Mossad bomb experts and 9/11 Dov Zakheim 9/11 Mastermind Video By wmw_admin on May 15, 2010 
Using legal injunctions, Dov Zakheim’s lawyers forced this website to remove an article we posted with the same title; which tells us he may have something to hide. Seems like others also think so as this video indicates. Watch it while you still can An oldie White Zimbabwean has her say By wmw_admin on January 7, 2009 
A human story from the hellhole Zimbabwe has become – with the West’s acquiescence of course. For although Western leaders may criticise him publicly, they opened the way for Mugabe’s ascent to power, just as they did with Saddam",0
8793,Can Trump Change Libel Laws? - The New York Times,"WASHINGTON  —   In a Thursday morning Twitter post, President Trump returned to a favorite theme. He was unhappy with reporting in The New York Times, and he had a solution. “Change libel laws?” he asked. On the campaign trail, where he was not constrained by Twitter’s character limit, Mr. Trump was more expansive. “I’m going to open up our libel laws so when they write purposely negative and horrible and false articles, we can sue them and win lots of money,” Mr. Trump said. “We’re going to open up those libel laws. So when The New York Times writes a hit piece which is a total disgrace or when The Washington Post, which is there for other reasons, writes a hit piece, we can sue them and win money instead of having no chance of winning because they’re totally protected. ” It is indeed hard for public figures to win libel suits. They have to prove that something false was said about them, that it harmed their reputation and that the writer acted with “actual malice. ” That last term is misleading, as it has nothing to do with the ordinary meaning of malice in the sense of spite or ill will. To prove actual malice, a libel plaintiff must show that the writer knew the disputed statement was false or had acted with “reckless disregard. ” That second phrase is also a term of art. The Supreme Court has said that it requires proof that the writer entertained serious doubts about the truth of the statement. That is a high bar, and public figures rarely file libel suits and seldom win them. No. Libel law is a   tort, meaning that state courts and state legislatures have defined its contours. Since the Supreme Court’s 1964 decision in New York Times v. Sullivan, the Supreme Court has placed constitutional limits on how states can define libel, notably by requiring public officials and, later, public figures to prove actual malice. That protection was needed, Justice William J. Brennan Jr. wrote, to vindicate a “profound national commitment to the principle that debate on public issues should be uninhibited, robust and  . ” Such debate, Justice Brennan wrote, “may well include vehement, caustic and sometimes unpleasantly sharp attacks on government and public officials. ” Changing New York Times v. Sullivan would require either the Supreme Court to overrule it or a constitutional amendment. Neither is remotely likely, though Mr. Trump could try to appoint Supreme Court justices who would vote to overturn the precedent. Last week, at his Supreme Court confirmation hearings, Judge Gorsuch was asked about New York Times v. Sullivan by Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota. She wanted to know whether “the First Amendment would permit public officials to sue the media under any standard less demanding than actual malice?” Judge Gorsuch, cagey when asked about other precedents, seemed comfortable with this. “New York Times v. Sullivan was, as you say, a landmark decision and it changed pretty dramatically the law of defamation and libel in this country,” he said. “Rather than the common law of defamation and libel, applicable normally for a long time, the Supreme Court said the First Amendment has special meaning and protection when we’re talking about the media, the press in covering public officials, public actions and indicated that a higher standard of proof was required in any defamation or libel claim. Proof of actual malice is required to state a claim. ” “That’s been the law of the land for, gosh, 50, 60 years. ” Beyond the actual malice rule, Mr. Trump would have to prove injury to his reputation. As Judge Gorsuch put it in a 2011 opinion, libel law is “about protecting a good reputation honestly earned. ” The state of Mr. Trump’s reputation arose during the presidential campaign, when his lawyers asked for a retraction of an article in The Times that reported on complaints from two women who said Mr. Trump had touched them inappropriately. Mr. Trump’s lawyers called the article libelous and seemed to threaten to sue. David McCraw, a lawyer for The Times, responded that Mr. Trump’s reputation was too tarnished to allow a successful libel suit. “The essence of a libel claim, of course, is the protection of one’s reputation,” Mr. McCraw wrote. But Mr. Trump’s reputation in this area, Mr. McCraw said, could not have been harmed by The Times’s report in light of, for instance, Mr. Trump’s own statements about groping women. “Nothing in our article has had the slightest effect on the reputation that Mr. Trump, through his own words and actions, has already created for himself,” Mr. McCraw wrote. So far, there has been no lawsuit filed over the article. “We continue to be extremely proud of our coverage of the Trump administration, which has been tough and fair, as it should be,” said Eileen Murphy, a Times spokeswoman.",0
8794,Meme Magic: Donald Trump Is The Internet’s Revenge On Lazy Elites - Breitbart,"Back in June, three days after Donald Trump announced his candidacy, I predicted that the most mischievous pranksters on the internet would rally around him  —   and that they’d represent a significant electoral and cultural force. [I predicted that his campaign would focus on trolling the lazy, entitled Establishment elites the American people hate so much. I predicted this combination of   sass would prove almost impossible for feeble opponents like Jeb Bush to overcome. As always, I was right.  By the way, regular readers of this column will know how much I hate to toot my own horn, but I also predicted Trump would perform well with blacks. Polling shows him at anywhere between 12 and 25 per cent with black voters in a general election   with Clinton. That’s more than double what the GOP normally achieves. Trump’s supporters have treated the campaign as one long trollfest. First Jeb, then Marco and finally Lyin’ Ted all stumbled and fell before the chaotic power of Trump’s troll army. Facing a hilarious combination of   YouTube remixes, and Photoshop mashups, Trump’s opponents were subjected to   ridicule from the cultural powerhouses of the web. The internet made them look stupid. The internet made them look weak. And what begins on    and leaks out into Twitter has a way of colouring media coverage and, ultimately, public perception, even among people who don’t frequent message boards. TV commentators often talk about Trump’s preternatural power to indelibly “brand” his opponents, from “ ” Jeb to “Little” Marco and “lying” Ted. No matter how crude and simplistic the labels, they always seems to stick, dumbfounding   political observers who are used to candidates competing for the “high road. ” The strategy of GOP bigwigs appears to be: “lose badly, but remain virtuous. ” The power of Trump’s branding is partly down to the media’s hunger for drama, and partly thanks to his business acumen  —   but it’s also in large part due to his internet supporters, who have an uncanny ability to create and popularise cultural tropes. Or, as we on the internet have come to know them, memes. Part of this involves taking Trump’s campaign victories, his slogans, and his “brands” and using the power of the web to amplify them. Trump’s repeated humiliations of Jeb Bush were overlaid online with Sad Romance, an    tragic violin tune that was already a web meme. “Little” Marco, of course, like another   but diminutive conservative figure, was repeatedly photoshopped to make him look like a dwarf.  Meanwhile, YouTube sensation “Can’t Stump The Trump” (whose name, naturally, was a nod to an   Trump meme) has attracted more than 5 million views on YouTube just by remixing Trump’s debate performances, adding air horn noises whenever the candidate scores a particularly effective zinger. Trump’s pledge to “build the wall” has also been seized upon by the internet. Countless jokes, GIFs and videos can now be found around the web dedicated solely to the    Great Wall of Trump. This meme has gone so viral, it still gets the biggest cheers at Trump rallies. Establishment types no doubt think this is all silly, schoolyard stuff. And it is. But it’s also effective. And it’s not just effective with the young ‘uns, either. Older generations may not be as   as millennials, but it doesn’t take them long to catch on. One of our staffers’   old parents enjoyed Can’t Stump The Trump so much that they watched five of the videos   . Meme propaganda is funny, memorable, persuasive  —   and it works. Still, the Establishment doesn’t care. They’d rather take the high road and lose than go down in the dirt and win. Well, they’re getting what they wanted! Trump’s internet army did more than just riff on his media performances, of course. The relationship between the candidate and his mischievous internet brigade is deeply symbiotic. As well as reacting to Trump and the campaign, the internet has created and popularised its own memes, sometimes out of thin air. Take the hilarious, infamous comparison of Ted Cruz to the Zodiac Killer. Although it was started by a progressive on Twitter, it was popularised by Trump supporters. Before long, the meme made its way out of obscure internet communities and into the national media. It got so bad that Heidi Cruz actually had to respond to the rumour, telling voters a day before the Indiana primary that “my husband is not the Zodiac Killer!” In another case of a meme reaching the real world, during his victory speech in Indiana, Trump himself referenced the “Trump Train”  —   a meme that had been created and popularised by the internet. For web trolls, having one of their pranks garner national attention is the Holy Grail. They call it “meme magic”  —   when   web memes become so influential they start to affect   events. Trump’s candidacy affords the internet the ability to do so virtually every day. No wonder they love him. Other memes are out there just for the fun of it, but they still help to cement Trump’s reputation as an engine of chaos. There are depictions of Trump as the “God Emperor” of Warhammer: 40, 000 mythology. There are depictions of Trump as Pepe the Frog, one of the  ’s most popular memes. The internet had a minor heart attack when Trump retweeted one such depiction from his Twitter account  —   along with a link to a Can’t Stump The Trump video. ”@codyave:  @drudgereport @BreitbartNews @Writeintrump ”You Can’t Stump the Trump” https:  .  pic. twitter. ”  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 13, 2015,  The mirthful, prankish nature of Trump’s young supporters was revealed again in the closing hours of Ted Cruz’s campaign, when Cruz made the mistake of trying to engage them directly. The university debate champ no doubt expected to have a heated, but ultimately      with Trump’s supporters. But they were playing an entirely different game. He received a stream of memes and ridicule instead. Arguing with   denizens of Twitter and internet forums is almost always a losing proposition, as Cruz would know if there were anyone on his campaign team who understood the culture. . @tedcruz crosses the street to confront @realDonaldTrump backers on the sidewalk https:  .   —   Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) May 3, 2016,  Elsewhere, a Bernie supporter  —   another constituency which enjoys a particularly young and effective web presence  —   offered Cruz a handshake before rapidly withdrawing it and yelling that the candidate “looks like a fish monster. ” Juvenile? Yes. But the kids know this stuff will go viral. The press laps it up. And voters at home don’t want to associate with candidates who keep showing up as the butt of the joke. WATCH: Protester fakes out Ted Cruz with handshake, tells him he looks like a fish monster: https:  .  https:  .   —   Good Morning America (@GMA) May 3, 2016,  Before he bombed out, Cruz tried to tread into meme territory himself with a cringeworthy video of Simpsons impressions. It might have scored points with young voters, oh, say 15 years ago.  It didn’t work. Cruz, bless him, was so terminally unhip that he fed the Trump meme brigades on a daily basis. While not as   as the disastrous Jeb, he certainly wasn’t Mr. Smooth. From not helping Carly Fiorina up after her fall on a campaign stop in Indiana, to accidentally elbowing his wife in the face twice after his concession speech, there was always something awkward about the oleaginous Cruz. There are some people who are at one with the web, and Cruz wasn’t one of them. I knew little of meme culture before 2014, but after we discovered each other, it wasn’t long before I became a walking, living, breathing meme myself. I don’t know if Donald Trump spends time thinking about 4chan, but he has a character and a style that is perfectly in tune with what the web’s miscreants are looking for. And it’s clear from his Twitter account and speeches that he knows what’s going on and enjoys it. Among the Republican field, Trump was the only candidate who enjoyed a base of support that was truly  . He combined Ron Paul’s strange ability to mobilise the internet’s meme brigades with an unstumpable media profile. Caught between the hammer of Trump’s media machine and the anvil of his online troll army, The Donald’s opponents never stood a chance. Trump understands the internet, and the internet might just propel him into the White House. Meme magic is real. Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Twitter and Facebook. Android users can download Milo Alert! to be notified about new articles when they are published. Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show. Write to Milo at milo@breitbart. com.",0
8795,Black Friday – The Pledge of Allegiance to the Matrix,"Waking Times 
Black Friday is here, November 25th, 2016, the day after Thanksgiving. People are literally killing each other and fights are breaking out in many places, while people shop for consumer goods that can be purchased on any other day, or even online. Billions of dollars will be spent on non-edible goods today in a telling display of cultural insanity. 
This is the sort of thing happening right now: Welcome to the Modesto mall… pic.twitter.com/IWWfMJh5lj 
— Frankryan (@FrankryanM) November 25, 2016 
Black Friday has been pushed onto the public by retail associations with the help of corporate media, and the cultural phenomenon is spreading to many countries around the world. People go for it, they love it. They are part of something. There will be publicity and drama and intrigue. It will be on TV. The world will be watching, so get out there and be insane. 
But why? Why do people behave this way? 
Is it really to save money? No. Better deals can be found before and after Black Friday , this is no secret, and if money were really the issue, people would shop online to find better deals while also saving their time and gas. 
Are the available goods hard to get? No. The same crap is always for sale everywhere, and we’re not talking about food here. There is no food shortage right now. None of this necessary. 
Is it about enjoying a day out shopping with family? No, because after all, who likes navigating crowded parking lots, or standing in lines for hours in cold weather? Who enjoys risking exposure to mob violence, since we all know this is what happens? 
It is really about getting ready for Christmas or the spirit of giving? No. 
It has more to do with participation in a ritual that has been thrust upon our society as a way of advertising and normalizing the insanity of the consumer culture, and of getting us more spiritually hooked on the matrix. Of activating the mass reptilian brain. Of weaponizing the public . 
Here, people fight like maniacs over toilet paper. Toilet paper. Seriously. Ritual Insanity, Herd Mentality and The Purge 
This phenomenon has become a ‘thing’ in recent years and it’s now pushed on the public as a tradition, albeit a tradition with no roots and no meaning. 
It seems more like a test or some kind of emergency broadcast system, but instead of warning us to danger, it is calling us to go berserk in an orgy of chaos. A call to purge our common senses, to lose ourselves in the herd, to indulge in a ritual for the sake of being part of something. 
Participation in the Black Friday ritual is a pledge of allegiance to the Matrix , the global scheme that enslaves us with debt , misleads us with false idols, tricks us with shiny trinkets and mass-produced baubles, all in ploy to steal our energy, time and our lives. 
When we opt-in and play this game we miss out on the connection to life and relationship, to spirituality and compassion, to the natural world. But most importantly we turn a blind eye to the corruption, evil and authoritarianism in our world today. We ignore the connection between these goods and the slave labor and environmental destruction required to bring them to mass market. READ: The Holidays Are Coming… Time to Stock Up On Slave Made Goods From China? 
Black Friday is an attempt to cast some a spell on the public, like the cremation of care ceremonies conducted by the world’s overlords, it’s a ritual of dark power. It is black magic, and the resulting violence and madness are proof of this. It’s a ceremony that invites us to forget our humanity. An invitation to shamelessly activate and engage in all the elements mind control and group think and conformity. To dive blindly into a moral vacuum. To worship the culture of death. 
Are you participating in this? 
Enjoy this presentation from Russell Brand about the ‘tradition’ of Black Friday. He appropriately calls it, ‘Christmas for Satan.” Read more articles by Dylan Charles . About the Author 
Dylan Charles is a student and teacher of Shaolin Kung Fu, Tai Chi and Qi Gong, a practitioner of Yoga and Taoist arts, and an activist and idealist passionately engaged in the struggle for a more sustainable and just world for future generations. He is the editor of WakingTimes.com , the proprietor of OffgridOutpost.com , a grateful father and a man who seeks to enlighten others with the power of inspiring information and action. He may be contacted at . Like Waking Times on Facebook . Follow Waking Times on Twitter . This article ( Black Friday – The Pledge of Allegiance to the Matrix ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Dylan Charles and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement. ~~ Help Waking Times to raise the vibration by sharing this article with friends and family…",0
8796,Politico: Trump’s War on Regulations Is His ’Biggest Untold Success’ - Breitbart,"Politico reports Sunday: “The push to block, rewrite and delay scores of   rules may be the [Trump] administration’s biggest untold success. ”[That declaration comes just one month after Politico mocked President Donald Trump’s efforts to use the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to reverse his predecessor’s rules: none of it, Politco declared, “evoke[d] the      populism that Trump rode to the presidency. ”  “Trump’s ardent supporters and detractors alike tend to exaggerate the impact of the 13 rules he’s rescinding, out of more than 20, 000 approved under President Obama,” Politico’s Michael Grunwald wrote on April 10, adding: “For the most part   …     Republicans won’t score many political points with their CRA victories. ” He also argued that the deadline for repealing   regulations on the CRA had tolled (though others would argue it extended all the way back to the beginning of Obama’s presidency, covering any regulation that was not reported to Congress). At the time, Breitbart News called Trump’s use of the CRA a “legislative milestone,” arguing that Trump’s “use of the CRA to repeal regulations has put future administrations on notice that there is a limit to government’s regulatory reach, and that given the opportunity by the voters, conservatives will enforce those limits. ” Now, Politico’s Andrew Restuccia and Nancy Cook seem to agree  —   and they fill in the rest of the picture, noting that Trump’s executive orders and executive actions amount to “a series of actions that could reshape American life for decades  —   efforts to rewrite or wipe out regulations affecting everything from student loans and restaurant menus to internet privacy, workplace injuries and climate change. ” They add: Trump is   …     setting bureaucratic wheels in motion that could eventually ax or revise hundreds of regulations as agencies reorient themselves toward unwinding red tape and granting speedier approvals to projects   …     If successful, these efforts could represent the most   rollback of federal regulations since Ronald Reagan’s presidency, especially if Trump’s proposed budget cuts make it hard for a future Democratic president to reaccelerate the   apparatus. Trump’s assault on regulations represent a fulfillment of a core campaign promise, and the execution of what adviser Steve Bannon called in February the “deconstruction of the administrative state. ” Read the full Politico article here. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",0
8797,‘Conspiracy Theorist’ Max Spiers Found Dead Days After Texting His Mother to Investigate if Anything ‘Happened to Him’,"Support Us ‘Conspiracy Theorist’ Max Spiers Found Dead Days After Texting His Mother to Investigate if Anything ‘Happened to Him’ 0 
British conspiracy theorist and UFO expert Max Spiers was found dead on a sofa after vomiting ‘black liquid’. This happened only days after texting his mother about investigating if something happened to him. 
Max Spiers, a 39-year-old father of two was found dead on a sofa in Poland, where he was invited to speak on conspiracy theories and UFOs. This happened in July and, since then, no post-mortem examination were carried out on his body. The death was ruled to be from ‘natural causes’. 
– Advertisement – 
Days before his death, Spiers texted his mom: 
“Your boy’s in trouble. If something happens to me, investigate”. 
Spiers, who claimed to be a survivor of a secret government ‘super soldier’ program, died suddenly after vomiting ‘black liquid’. His mother Vanessa Bates, an English teacher, told journalists: 
“He was making a name for himself in the world of conspiracy theorists and had been invited to speak at a conference in Poland in July. He was staying with a woman who he had not known for long and she told me how she found him dead on the sofa. But I think Max had been digging in some dark places and I fear that somebody wanted him dead.”– The Telegraph, UFO expert Max Spiers’ death prompts conspiracy theories 
Bates believes that Spiers might have been poisoned. 
“Max was a very fit man who was in good health. All I have is a death certificate from the Polish authorities that it was from natural causes, but no post-mortem was done so how can they tell that? 
They are also refusing to release any paperwork about it to me because, absurdly, I don’t have his written permission. 
He has a brother, Josh, and sister, Becky, who are both devastated, as are his two boys. We all want answers to this and I will continue to fight to get to the truth.”– Ibid. 
Spiers’ financé Sarah Adams told Yahoo! News that he was about to expose ‘black magic’ and well known politicians and celebrities. “We were used to getting death threats or stuff like that from people but I think this time it seemed rather real. He’d been sent threats saying that him and me were going to die. He was going to expose black magic. He was going to expose some of the stuff that he was working on involving political leaders and celebrities. He planned on coming back here seeing his family and I was going to have his child. He had messaged me hours before. It definitely couldn’t have been anything like suicide or something like that.”– Yahoo! News, Here’s what conspiracy theorist Max Spiers was about to reveal before his death North East Kent coroner’s office said that an investigation into Mr Spiers’ death was in its “very early” stages. Was Spiers’ poisoned because he knew too much? Was he about to say too much? One thing is for sure, this death cannot be more suspicious.",0
8798,November 25: Daily Contrarian Reads,"November 25: Daily Contrarian Reads By David Stockman. Posted On Friday, November 25th, 2016 My daily contrarian reads for Friday, November 25th, 2016. You need to login to view this content. 
David Stockman’s Contra Corner isn’t your typical financial tipsheet. Instead it’s an ongoing dialogue about what’s really happening in the markets… the economy… and governments… so you can understand the world around you and make better decisions for yourself. 
David believes the world -- certainly the United States -- is at a great inflection point in human history. The massive credit inflation of the last three decades has reached its apogee and is now going to splatter spectacularly. 
This will have lasting ramifications on how governments tax and regulate you… the type of work you and your family members will have available and what you get paid… the value of your nest egg… and all other areas comprising your quality of life. Login 
David Stockman's Contra Corner is the only place where mainstream delusions and cant about the Warfare State, the Bailout State, Bubble Finance and Beltway Banditry are ripped, refuted and rebuked. Subscribe now to receive David Stockman’s latest posts by email each day as well as his model portfolio, Lee Adler’s Daily Data Dive and David’s personally curated insights and analysis from leading contrarian thinkers.",0
8799,"Tourists Flee ’Nightmare’ Paris Amidst Rising Theft, Assaults","Tourists from China are avoiding France amid surging violence and crime, a Chinese tourism expert has said, reporting that customers are turning to Russia as a safer destination. [President of the Chinese Association of Travel Agencies in France,   Zhou, said “increasingly violent” thefts and assaults are turning France into “one of the worst destinations for foreign tourists”.  Mr. Zhou, a representative for major Chinese travel agency Utour in France, reported a steep decline in visitor numbers from Asia, and said many tourists are now looking to Russia as a less dangerous holiday destination. “In 2016, there were 1. 6 million Chinese tourists compared to 2. 2 million in 2015. The  number of Japanese tourists dropped 39 per cent, and Koreans 27 per cent. Our tourists have turned to Russia, which is less attractive but at least it is a safe country. For Putin, it is an economic windfall” he told Le Parisien. Rising violence and aggression account for the drop, according to Mr. Zhou, who said: “For a number of Chinese tourists, the dream of visiting France and Paris has turned into a nightmare. “[Chinese tourists] are robbed in the palace of Versailles, at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, in front of their hotel, as they leave the coaches   …     In high season, not a day goes by without tourists being assaulted. ” Violent incidents in France have “sparked panic” on social media in Chinese, Mr. Zhou said, recalling one in which an    man was seriously injured as he tried to resist thieves, and he reported how female tourists have been pushed to the ground while criminals steal bags containing all their papers. Having lived in France for 25 years, Mr. Zhou said he has borne witness to the country’s deteriorating security situation over the decades, which has resulted in Paris ranking “number one in Europe in terms of the upsurge in delinquency”. While so far there are no organised campaigns calling on Chinese tourists to avoid visiting France, the experienced travel agent said that a boycott “has already begun” with “several Asian operators preferring to divert Asian tourists to Italy, Spain, and Russia”. Paris’s regional tourism office last year reported a slump in visitor numbers to the city, and attributed some of the decline to terror fears, as more than 200 people have been killed in Islamic terror in France since 2015.",0
8800,CodeSOD: Dollar Dollar Dollar Dollar Underscore,"Ellis Morning Editor 
An Anonymous source sends us some Java code with really special variable naming conventions. I can only assume this came from a plucky startup hoping to attract venture capital. import java.util.*; import java.awt.*; import javax.swing.*; import java.awt.event.*; public class Array implements ActionListener, MouseMotionListener, MouseListener { int $$_, _$$, $$$,$_$; JFrame $$$__$$$ = new JFrame(); boolean draw = true; JButton $$1 = new JButton(""Line""), $$2 = new JButton(""Rectangle""), $$3 = new JButton(""Clear""); ArrayList = new ArrayList<>(); JPanel aa$$aa = new JPanel(), _$$_$_ = new JPanel(), $0$0$ = new JPanel() { @Override public void paintComponent(Graphics g) { super.paintComponent(g); for (Shape i : ) { if (i.$s$ == true) { g.setColor(Color.green); g.drawLine(i.$$_,i._$$,i.$$$,i.$_$); } else { g.setColor(Color.red); g.fillPolygon(new int[] {i.$$_,i.$$_,i.$$$,i.$$$}, new int[] {i._$$,i.$_$,i.$_$,i._$$}, 4); } } if (draw) { g.setColor(Color.green); g.drawLine($$_,_$$,$$$,$_$); } else { g.setColor(Color.red); g.fillPolygon(new int[] {$$_,$$_,$$$,$$$}, new int[] {_$$,$_$,$_$,_$$}, 4); } } }; public Array () { aa$$aa.setLayout(new BoxLayout(aa$$aa, BoxLayout.Y_AXIS)); _$$_$_.add($$1); $$1.addActionListener(this); _$$_$_.add($$2); $$2.addActionListener(this); _$$_$_.add($$3); $$3.addActionListener(this); $0$0$.setPreferredSize(new Dimension(200, 200)); aa$$aa.add($0$0$); $0$0$.addMouseListener(this); $0$0$.addMouseMotionListener(this); aa$$aa.add(_$$_$_); $$$__$$$.add(aa$$aa); $$$__$$$.setSize(new Dimension(400, 400)); $$$__$$$.setVisible(true); $$$__$$$.setDefaultCloseOperation(JFrame.EXIT_ON_CLOSE); } public static void main(String[] args) { new Array(); } public void actionPerformed(ActionEvent e) { if (e.getSource() == $$1) { draw = true; } else if (e.getSource() == $$2) { draw = false; } else if (e.getSource() == $$3) { .clear(); } $$_ = 0; _$$ = 0; $$$ = 0; $_$ = 0; $$$__$$$.repaint(); } public void mousePressed(MouseEvent e) { $$_ = e.getX(); _$$ = e.getY(); $0$0$.repaint(); } public void mouseReleased(MouseEvent e) { $$$ = e.getX(); $_$ = e.getY(); .add(new Shape($$_,_$$,$$$,$_$, draw)); $$_=0; _$$=0; $_$=0; $_$=0; $$$__$$$.repaint(); } public void mouseEntered(MouseEvent e) { $$$__$$$.repaint(); } public void mouseExited(MouseEvent e) { $$$__$$$.repaint(); } public void mouseClicked(MouseEvent e) { $$$__$$$.repaint(); } public void mouseMoved(MouseEvent e) { $$$__$$$.repaint(); } public void mouseDragged(MouseEvent e) { $$$ = e.getX(); $_$ = e.getY(); $$$__$$$.repaint(); } class Shape { int $$_,_$$,$$$,$_$; boolean $s$; Shape(int xx, int yy, int x$, int y$, boolean tp) { $$_ = xx; _$$ = yy; $$$ = x$; $_$ = y$; $s$ = tp; } public String toString() { return """"+$$_+"" ""+_$$+"" ""+$$$+"" ""+$_$; } } } [Advertisement] Infrastructure as Code built from the start with first-class Windows functionality and an intuitive, visual user interface. Download Otter today!",0
8801,Can the American People Defeat the Oligarchy That Rules Them?,"Here's something interesting from The Unz Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email => 
I am surprised that Hillary and the presstitutes haven’t blamed Putin for FBI director Comey’s reopening of the Hillary email case. But they have done the next best thing for Hillary. They have made Comey the issue, not Hillary. 
According to US Senator Harry Reid and the presstitutes, we don’t need to worry about Hillary’s crimes. After all, she is only a political woman feathering her nest, like political men have been doing for ages. Why all this misogynist talk about Hillary? It is Comey’s alleged crime that is important. This woman-hating Republican violated the Hatch Act by telling Congress that the investigation he said was closed was reopened. A very strange interpretation of the Hatch Act. It is OK to tell that a candidate for president is cleared duing an election but not to say that a candidate is under investigation. 
Comey violated the Hatch Act when he, on orders from the corrupt Obama Attorney General, announced Hillary clean, and thereby used the prestige of federal clearance of Hillary’s violation of national security protocols to boost her standing in the election polls. 
Actually, Hillary’s standing in the polls is based on the pollsters over-weighting Hillary supporters in the polls. It is easy to produce a favorite if you overweight their supporters in the poll questions. If you look at the crowds attending the two candidate’s public appearances, it is clear that the American people prefer Donald Trump, who is opposed to war with Russia and China. The election settles no greater issue. 
This has the ruling American Oligarcy, for which Hillary is the total servant, concerned. What are they going to do about Trump? Will his fate be the same as John F. Kennedy, Robert Kennedy, Martin Luther King, George Wallace? Time will tell. Or will a hotal maid appear at the last minute in the way that the Oligarchy got rid of Dominic Strauss-Kahn? 
All of the American and Western feminists, progressives, and left-wing remnant fell for the obvious frame-up of Strauss-Kahn. After Strauss-Kahn was blocked from the Presidency of France and resigned as Director of the IMF, the New York authorities had to drop all charges against Strauss-Kahn. But Washington had succeeded in putting its French vassal, Sarkozy, in the presidency of France. 
This is how the American Oligarchy destroys those it suspects might not serve its interests. The corrupt self-sereving Oligarchy makes sure that it owns the government and the media, the think tanks and increasingly all of the major universities, and, of course, through the presstitutes, Americans’ minds. 
The Oligarchs are now hard-pressed to rescue Hillary as US president, so let’s see if the Oligarchs can once again deceive the insouciant American people. 
While we wait, let’s concern outselves with another important issue. The Clinton crime syndicate in the closing years of the 20th century allowed a small handful of mega-corporations to consolidate the US media in a few hands. This vast increase in the power of the Oligarchy was accomplished despite US anti-trust law and the American tradition of a dispersed and independent media. 
But really, what does federal law mean to the One Percent. Nothing whatsoever. They are immune to it. Hillary’s crimes might cost her the election, but she won’t go to jail. 
Not content with 90% control of the US media, the Oligarchy wants more concentration and more control. Looks like they will be getting it, thanks to the totally corrupt US government. 
The Federal Trade Commission is supposed to enforce US anti-trust law. Instead, the corrupt federal agency routinely violates US anti-trust law by permitting monopoly concentrations of business interests. 
Because of the failure of the federal government to enforce federal law, we now have “banks too big to fail,” unregulated Internet monopoly, and the evisceration of a dispersed and independent media. 
There formerly was a field of economics known as anti-trust. Ph.D. candidates specialized in and wrote dissertations about public control of monopoly power. I assume that this field of economics, like the America of my youth, no longer exists.",0
8802,"“White Boys”–The NYT Celebrates Neera Tanden,’s Slurs, Because Her Targets Are White", ,0
8803,CNN Calls Sheriff Clarke A ‘Terrorist’ After Trump Considers Giving Him An Incredible New Job | EndingFed News Network,"VIA Conservative 101 According to Politico , some of those names include Gingrich for Secretary of State, Mnuchin, a 17 year veteran of Goldman Sachs for Treasure Secretary and Mayor Giuliani for Attorney General. And of course Sheriff David Clarke as the Homeland Security Secretary. He has been an incredible patriotic American and leader in Blue Lives Matter. CNN was terrified by this. “I think the one major flag I have is that someone like Sheriff Clarke would be considered as his Homeland Security secretary? Someone who I very much see as if he’s not a terrorist inciting terrorism?” said CNN commentator Angela Rye. “If people are afraid of Sheriff Clarke, afraid of the policies which he represents, I think that’s terrorism,” she stated. Naturally, this is ridiculous. It is just outrageous to name someone as a terrorist just because you disagree with them. Watch the video below and be sure to let us know what you think of it in the comment section. 
If you haven’t checked out and liked our Facebook page, please go here and do so. Leave a comment... ",0
8804,More Police Violence at Standing Rock,"Waking Times 
Now that the establishment corporate and liberal media have declared open war on so-called ‘ fake news ,’ already rolling out plans to flag, censor, robotically restrict and demonetize the efforts of independent journalists, the world waits with bated breath to see exactly what form the control of information will take. 
The 24/7 talking heads on cable news are already repeating ad nauseam the ‘fake news’ talking points, as they do whenever there is a top-down agenda to push onto our supposedly free society. 
In this case: America is divided because of fake news, fake news is a dangerous threat to democracy, fake news looks just like real news and we need experts to tell us what’s what, if we don’t stop fake news then people will be misled, fake news causes confusion and disrupts society, facts have no meaning when there’s fake news, fake news is information warfare and needs to be treated like terrorism. 
You may be wondering, what, then, is real news? 
Here’s an example, hot off the press. 
At the ongoing Standing Rock civil disobedience action in protest of the Dakota Access Pipeline, some 167 people were injured last night by militarized police forces who assaulted a bridge occupied by peaceful protestors including men, women, children and elderly persons. The temperature was well below freezing and for hours the police sprayed the crowd water cannons, fired many rounds of flash bang grenades, rubber bullets, tear gas, and used the LRAD acoustic weapon to disperse dissidents. 
Here’s a video of the assault, from TYT . 
During the assault, at least one elder was left in critical condition and it is reported that 13-year old girl suffered serious injuries when shot with a rubber bullet. 
This is happening in America, to Americans, by American police, which makes it quite newsworthy to Americans. 
We know without question, without even having to ask, that any crackdown on ‘fake news’ will not in any way apply to mainstream, corporate news sources such as the major newspapers and the major cable news networks. 
A scan of ‘real news’ sources the morning after this major confrontation between police and resistors at Standing Rock reveals that stories like this, stories of resistance to corporate rule and government authoritarianism. 
These Sources Did Not Report On This: 
CNN.com – Although the homepage of CNN features around a hundred stories, as of the time of this post, there was no mention whatsoever about the Standing Rock confrontation last night. 
MSNBC.com – No mention whatsoever of this event on this mainstream news site. The top 6 posts at the time this article was written were all about Donald Trump, his cabinet picks, and how his administration was going to be terrible. 
CBS News – No coverage of this story on the CBS News homepage. 
DrudgeReport.com – This story has not been aggregated on the Drudge Report. 
These Sources Did Report on This: 
FoxNews.com – The confrontation did make it the homepage of Fox, but not as a headline story. A short video was included, and the coverage was short and to the point.",0
8805,Syria Is Another Pipeline War,"Posted on October 30, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
By Gaius Publius , a professional writer living on the West Coast of the United States and frequent contributor to DownWithTyranny, digby, Truthout, and Naked Capitalism. Follow him on Twitter @Gaius_Publius , Tumblr and Facebook . Originally published at at Down With Tyranny . GP article archive here . 
Proposed pipeline routes through the Middle East to gas markets in Europe. The purple line is the Western-supported Qatar-Turkey pipeline. All of the nations it passes through — Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Turkey (all highlighted in red) — have agreed to it … except Syria. The red line is the “Islamic Pipeline” from Iran through Iraq into Syria. See text below for further explanation. (Source: MintPress News ; click to enlarge) 
Summary first: We have been at war in Syria over pipelines since 1949. This is just the next mad phase. 
I’m not sure most Americans have figured out what’s happening in Syria, because so much of what we hear is confusing to us, and really, we know so little of the context for it. Is it an insurgency against a brutal ruler? Is it a group of insurgencies struggling for power in a nearly failed state? Is it a proxy war expressing the territorial and ideological interests of the U.S., Russia, Turkey and Iran? 
Or something else? 
According to Robert F. Kennedy Jr. it is something else — a war between competing national interests to build, or not build, a pipeline to the Mediterranean so natural gas can be exported to Europe. Inconveniently for Syria, that nation lies along an obvious pipeline route. 
Which makes it another war between interests for money — something not very hard to understand at all. 
Here’s Kennedy’s argument via EcoWatch. This is a long piece, well worth a full read, but I’ll try to present just the relevant sections here. 
The Historical Context: Decades of CIA-Sponsored Coups and Counter-Coups in Syria 
Kennedy’s introductory section contains an excellent examination of the history of U.S. involvement in Syria starting in the 1950s with the Cold War machinations of the Eisenhower-appointed Dulles brothers, John Foster Dulles, the Secretary of State, and Allen Dulles, the head of the CIA. Together, they effectively ruled U.S. foreign policy. 
Kennedy writes (my emphasis): 
Syria: Another Pipeline War 
… America’s unsavory record of violent interventions in Syria—obscure to the American people yet well known to Syrians —sowed fertile ground for the violent Islamic Jihadism that now complicates any effective response by our government to address the challenge of ISIS. So long as the American public and policymakers are unaware of this past, further interventions are likely to only compound the crisis. Moreover, our enemies delight in our ignorance. 
… [W]e need to look at history from the Syrians’ perspective and particularly the seeds of the current conflict. Long before our 2003 occupation of Iraq triggered the Sunni uprising that has now morphed into the Islamic State, the CIA had nurtured violent Jihadism as a Cold War weapon and freighted U.S./Syrian relationships with toxic baggage. 
During the 1950’s, President Eisenhower and the Dulles brothers rebuffed Soviet treaty proposals to leave the Middle East a cold war neutral zone and let Arabs rule Arabia. Instead, they mounted a clandestine war against Arab Nationalism—which CIA Director Allan [sic] Dulles equated with communism—particularly when Arab self-rule threatened oil concessions. They pumped secret American military aid to tyrants in Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Iraq and Lebanon favoring puppets with conservative Jihadist ideologies which they regarded as a reliable antidote to Soviet Marxism. At a White House meeting between the CIA’s Director of Plans, Frank Wisner, and Secretary of State, John Foster Dulles, in September of 1957, Eisenhower advised the agency, “We should do everything possible to stress the ‘holy war’ aspect.” 
The CIA began its active meddling in Syria in 1949 —barely a year after the agency’s creation. Syrian patriots had declared war on the Nazis, expelled their Vichy French colonial rulers and crafted a fragile secularist democracy based on the American model. But in March of 1949, Syria’s democratically elected president, Shukri-al-Kuwaiti, hesitated to approve the Trans Arabian Pipeline, an American project intended to connect the oil fields of Saudi Arabia to the ports of Lebanon via Syria. In his book, Legacy of Ashes , CIA historian Tim Weiner recounts that in retaliation, the CIA engineered a coup , replacing al-Kuwaiti with the CIA’s handpicked dictator , a convicted swindler named Husni al-Za’im. Al-Za’im barely had time to dissolve parliament and approve the American pipeline before his countrymen deposed him , 14 weeks into his regime. 
Kennedy then details the history of coups and counter-coups in and against Syria, and concludes this section with this: 
Thanks in large part to Allan Dulles and the CIA, whose foreign policy intrigues were often directly at odds with the stated policies of our nation, the idealistic path outlined in the Atlantic Charter was the road not taken. In 1957, my grandfather, Ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy, sat on a secret committee charged with investigating CIA’s clandestine mischief in the Mid-East . The so called “Bruce Lovett Report,” to which he was a signatory, described CIA coup plots in Jordan, Syria, Iran, Iraq and Egypt, all common knowledge on the Arab street, but virtually unknown to the American people who believed, at face value, their government’s denials. 
The report blamed the CIA for the rampant anti-Americanism that was then mysteriously taking root “in the many countries in the world today.” … A parade of Iranian and Syrian dictators, including Bashar al-Assad and his father , have invoked the history of the CIA’s bloody coups as a pretext for their authoritarian rule, repressive tactics and their need for a strong Russian alliance. These stories are therefore well known to the people of Syria and Iran who naturally interpret talk of U.S. intervention in the context of that history. 
While the compliant American press parrots the narrative that our military support for the Syrian insurgency is purely humanitarian, many Syrians see the present crisis as just another proxy war over pipelines and geopolitics. Before rushing deeper into the conflagration, it would be wise for us to consider the abundant facts supporting that perspective. 
So much for our supposed interest in “humanitarian” intervention in Syria. From a Syrian point of view, it has never been thus. It has been about pipelines since 1949, and they understand that, even if we don’t. 
The Current Conflagration 
Kennedy then turns to the present, or the near-present. Refer to the map above as you read: 
A Pipeline War 
In [the Syrians’] view, our war against Bashar Assad did not begin with the peaceful civil protests of the Arab Spring in 2011. Instead it began in 2000 when Qatar proposed to construct a $10 billion, 1,500km pipeline through Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Syria and Turkey . 
Qatar shares with Iran, the South Pars/North Dome gas field, the world’s richest natural gas repository. The international trade embargo, until recently, prohibited Iran from selling gas abroad and ensured that Qatar’s gas could only reach European markets if it is liquefied and shipped by sea, a route that restricts volume and dramatically raises costs. 
The EU, which gets 30 percent of its gas from Russia, was equally hungry for the pipeline which would have given its members cheap energy and relief from Vladimir Putin’s stifling economic and political leverage. Turkey, Russia’s second largest gas customer, was particularly anxious to end its reliance on its ancient rival and to position itself as the lucrative transect hub for Asian fuels to EU markets. The Qatari pipeline would have benefited Saudi Arabia’s conservative Sunni Monarchy by giving them a foothold in Shia dominated Syria. 
The Saudi’s geopolitical goal is to contain the economic and political power of the Kingdom’s principal rival, Iran , a Shiite state, and close ally of Bashar Assad. The Saudi monarchy viewed the U.S. sponsored Shia takeover in Iraq as a demotion to its regional power and was already engaged in a proxy war against Tehran in Yemen, highlighted by the Saudi genocide against the Iranian backed Houthi tribe. 
Which puts the Qatari pipeline squarely opposite to Russia’s national interest — natural gas (methane) sales to Europe. 
Of course, the Russians, who sell 70 percent of their gas exports to Europe, viewed the Qatar/Turkey pipeline as an existential threat. In Putin’s view, the Qatar pipeline is a NATO plot to change the status quo, deprive Russia of its only foothold in the Middle East, strangle the Russian economy and end Russian leverage in the European energy market. In 2009, Assad announced that he would refuse to sign the agreement to allow the pipeline to run through Syria “to protect the interests of our Russian ally.” 
That was likely the last straw vis-à-vis the U.S. Which brings us to another pipeline, the so-called “Islamic Pipeline” (see map above): 
“Assad further enraged the Gulf’s Sunni monarchs by endorsing a Russian approved “Islamic pipeline” running from Iran’s side of the gas field through Syria and to the ports of Lebanon. The Islamic pipeline would make Shia Iran instead of Sunni Qatar, the principal supplier to the European energy market and dramatically increase Tehran’s influence in the Mid-East and the world. Israel also was understandably determined to derail the Islamic pipeline which would enrich Iran and Syria and presumably strengthen their proxies, Hezbollah and Hamas. 
Another, competing pipeline which would run through Syrian territory, but this time carrying Iranian gas instead of Qatari gas. Thus the demonizing of Assad as evil in the mold of Saddam Hussein, instead of just a run-of-the-mill Middle East autocrat, as bad as some but better than others. Kennedy includes a good section on the history of the al-Assad family’s rule of Syria, including this information from top reporters Sy Hersh and Robert Parry: 
According to Hersh, “He certainly wasn’t beheading people every Wednesday like the Saudis do in Mecca.” Another veteran journalist, Bob Parry, echoes that assessment. “No one in the region has clean hands but in the realms of torture, mass killings, civil liberties and supporting terrorism, Assad is much better than the Saudis.” 
In September 2013, the Sunni states involved in the Qatar-Turkey pipeline were so determined to remove Syrian opposition to the pipeline that they offered, via John Kerry, to carry the whole cost of an U.S. invasion to topple al-Assad. 
Kerry reiterated the offer to Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL27): “With respect to Arab countries offering to bear the costs of [an American invasion] to topple Assad, the answer is profoundly Yes, they have. The offer is on the table.” 
Obama’s response: 
Despite pressure from Republicans, Barrack Obama balked at hiring out young Americans to die as mercenaries for a pipeline conglomerate . Obama wisely ignored Republican clamoring to put ground troops in Syria or to funnel more funding to “moderate insurgents.” But by late 2011, Republican pressure and our Sunni allies had pushed the American government into the fray. 
The rest is a history of provocation and over-reaction — a great deal of both — and chaos and death in Syria. Kennedy provides much detail here, at one point adding: 
[Syria’s] moderates are fleeing a war that is not their war . They simply want to escape being crushed between the anvil of Assad’s Russian backed tyranny and the vicious Jihadi Sunni hammer that we had a hand in wielding in a global battle over competing pipelines . You can’t blame the Syrian people for not widely embracing a blueprint for their nation minted in either Washington or Moscow. The super powers have left no options for an idealistic future that moderate Syrians might consider fighting for. And no one wants to die for a pipeline. 
I’ll leave it there, but again, do read the entire piece if you want to truly understand what’s going on in Syria, and what is about to go on. 
Bottom Line 
Bottom line, it’s as Kennedy said: “No one wants to die for a pipeline” … but many do and will. 
I’ll offer three thoughts. One , if we weren’t so determined to be deeply dependent on fossil fuels, this would be their war, not ours. Two , we are deeply dependent on fossil fuels because of the political machinations of the oil companies, their CEOs, and the banks and hedge funds who fund them, all of whom pay our government officials — via campaign contributions and the revolving door — to prolong that dependence. We’re here because the holders of big oil money want us here. 
And three , keep all this in mind during the term of the next president. It will help you make sense of the phony warrior- cum -humanitarian arguments we’re almost certain to be subjected to. 
We have been at war in Syria over pipelines since 1949. This is just the next mad phase.",0
8806,"At Cannes, Women Turn Out in Force - The New York Times","CANNES, France  —   Last year’s Cannes Film Festival was abuzz with the “heel gate” microscandal after a security guard reportedly wouldn’t let women wearing flats onto the red carpet. This year, Julia Roberts strode up the   steps for the premiere of Jodie Foster’s “Money Monster” and revealed that beneath her gown she was barefoot. The gesture seemed to capture the spirit of this year’s festival, where women of substance were much in evidence. After years in which the festival was criticized for favoring male auteurs, this year three female directors have strong films in competition, including Maren Ade, a German whose poignant comedy “Toni Erdmann” is seen as a likely contender for the top prize, the Palme d’Or. (Jane Campion is the only woman to have won that award, in 1993, for “The Piano. ”) Besides Ms. Ade, the other women with films in competition are the British director Andrea Arnold, whose “American Honey,” a road movie starring Shia LaBeouf and the   actress Sasha Lane, has been receiving rave reviews (along with some pans) and the French   Nicole Garcia, whose “From the Land of the Moon” stars Marion Cotillard as a troubled,   Frenchwoman in the 1950s and has received mixed reviews. “It’s great there are three women directors here, but there’s still a lack of women making films,” Ms. Arnold said after a news conference for “American Honey. ” Lizzie Francke, a senior production and development executive at the British Film Institute’s Film Fund, echoed those sentiments. “It’s obvious that this year is a pretty good year,” she said, “but I also still feel it’s not good enough. ” She called Cannes “a venerable old man’s festival, but with a cutting edge. ” Even if Cannes’s selection, like the film industry itself, hardly achieves gender parity, there’s been more conversation this year about the challenges of getting more women behind the camera and in front of it, an issue that has heated up since the American Civil Liberties Union last year called for an investigation into gender discrimination in Hollywood hiring practices. At an event where the luxury consortium Kering gave an award to Susan Sarandon and Geena Davis 25 years after the release of “Thelma and Louise,” Pierre Lescure, president of the festival, said that maybe in a few years there would be a woman in his place and in the place of Thierry Frémaux, the festival’s director. The audience applauded. “I think more and more women starting production companies” would help, Ms. Sarandon said, adding: “Hollywood isn’t political one way or another  —   that’s the good news and the bad news. They just go with the money. ” Ms. Davis, who founded the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media, recalled how after “Thelma and Louise” came out in 1991, the film was hailed as groundbreaking there were suggestions it might lead to more films   women. That hasn’t entirely happened. “I think we have to stop saying, ‘Now this will change everything,’” she said. “If you can’t measure the change, it hasn’t happened. ” Ms. Davis said that she advised studios and TV networks to “Make what you’re already going to make,” but “before you cast it, just go through and change a bunch of names to female. ” Ms. Foster, whose “Money Monster” (playing out of competition) is her fourth feature as a director, said that the technological changes of recent years, like the advent of streaming services, had made studio executives and producers far more  . That, she said, led them to tend to take big bets on projects they hope will draw huge audiences rather than investing in smaller films by unknown directors, including women. Before investing millions of dollars, “you’re going to go with the guy who looks like you,” Ms. Foster said at a Kering Women in Motion talk. She said that many scripts written by and for women were just not being produced. “It’s a financial issue, it’s where art and commerce come together and commerce is winning,” she said. “It used to be that the investment was not as large, so the risk was not as large. ” This week at Cannes, We Do It Together, a nonprofit film company started last year by Juliette Binoche and others aimed at making work by women for film and television, announced its first project: “Together Now,” a film of seven short episodes by different directors, including Robin Wright and Catherine Hardwicke, and starring Freida Pinto and Ms. Binoche, among others. At this year’s festival, even the starlets seem to have more edge. Kristen Stewart, called “the queen of Cannes” by Mr. Frémaux because she is starring in two films here, changed into a miniskirt and sneakers for the dinner following the   film last week, Woody Allen’s “Café Society,” in which she plays against the girlish confines of her role. At a news conference, Mr. Allen said he had chosen Ms. Stewart, whose character is caught between those played by Steve Carell and Jesse Eisenberg, because “I needed someone who could play an adorable little secretary from Nebraska with little white socks on and little dresses,” but who could also transform into “a sophisticated beauty in cosmopolitan Manhattan. ” Ms. Stewart, whose range far exceeds adorable, elaborated on Mr. Allen’s description. “The way he describes this lightness and this feminine nature, it does suggest that it’s a little thoughtless,” she said at a lunch with the news media. “I think he has a tendency in interviews to say, ‘It was an idea and I had the idea and I wrote the idea and I hired the girl and she did it,’” Ms. Stewart added, imitating Mr. Allen’s cadences. “But there’s more going on,” she said. (Ms. Stewart also stars in “Personal Shopper,” by the French director Olivier Assayas, which screens in the competition here on Tuesday.) Vanessa Redgrave said that she didn’t envy young women starting out today. “I feel very respectful of them and tender toward them,” Ms. Redgrave said at an event to promote a newly restored version of “Howards End,” the 1992 Merchant and Ivory film set in the early 20th century in which her character doesn’t think women should be allowed to vote. “It’s like a voracious sort of market,” Ms. Redgrave added of the fame machine. “It’s grotesque. ” Carrie Fisher, who grew up in the public eye, said she still found it difficult that women in Hollywood are judged by their looks far more than men are. She was at Cannes for the premiere of “Bright Lights,” a documentary about her and her mother, Debbie Reynolds, directed by Alexis Bloom and Fisher Stevens. “Someone wrote a review that both my mother and I look exhausted,” Ms. Fisher said over tea while her dog sat in the next chair. “And they can say that. They are at liberty to say that,” she added. “In L. A. you’ll find more people saying, ‘You look great,’ not ‘You seem great,’ ‘How are you?’ ‘What are you doing? ’” The only women on most sets are still mainly actresses and hairdressers, she said, adding that that was also the case for the new “Star Wars” movie, which she is now shooting. “I’m a female in it,” Ms. Fisher said just one notch up from deadpan, of her role as General Leia. “An exhausted female. ”",0
8807,"Zineb el Rhazoui, Charlie Hebdo Survivor, Discusses Why the World Needs to ‘Destroy Islamic Fascism’","Search Zineb el Rhazoui, Charlie Hebdo Survivor, Discusses Why the World Needs to ‘Destroy Islamic Fascism’ Undeterred by fatwas and death threats, the author has released an incendiary and thoughtful new book, bound to provoke debate. October 28, 2016 
Reprinted from NyTimes.com. 

She leads a clandestine existence, on the move and under 24-hour guard as France’s most protected woman. Yet Zineb El Rhazoui, the Charlie Hebdo journalist who happened to be in Casablanca on January 7 last year, the day terrorists “avenging the Prophet” massacred nine people at the satirical magazine in Paris, believes she has a duty to defy Islamists desperate to silence her. 
Shaken but undeterred by the fatwas and relentless, precise death threats issued via social media to “kill the bitch” since she helped produce the publication’s first survivors’ issue following the attack — and spoke about it in Arabic for the Arab press — the Moroccan-French writer refuses to assume an anonymous identity. Fleeing Paris or abandoning her human rights activism, and her unforgiving critiques of the religion she grew up with, are also out of the question. 
“I don’t have the right to renounce my struggle, or to give up my freedom,” says the reporter and sociologist of religion in an interview with Women in the World, during a recent trip to New York, as part of French president Francois Hollande’s delegation when he received the Appeal of Conscience Foundation’s World Statesman Award for 2016. “If the French state protects me it is not little individual me: What is being protected is my freedom to be irreverent, and freedom of expression, so I should exercise this even more because I enjoy this protection.” 
“It’s totally crazy. I have done nothing against the law and have nothing to hide, yet I live with security while those who threaten us are free,” El Rhazoui declares with an air of shock and anger that underscores the arbitrariness and brutality visited on a 34-year-old woman condemned to living on the run and mostly in the shadows. “And if you call them by their names you are Islamophobic and racist. I am racist? I can teach them a few things about Arab culture. I can show them how to discover its richness and the diversity of their culture. I believe this culture deserves universality because you can be Arab, Muslim and a free thinker.” 
Resisting terror 
Sweeping in to the offices of Women in the World in Manhattan, accompanied by bodyguards, the world-renowned journalist is living proof of her pledge to keep “living her life beyond its limits” as a key way of resisting terror. Elegant and beautiful, with her long, wavy hair flowing freely and in an impeccably tailored black dress, El Rhazoui is reminiscent of 1940s cinema’s cerebral heroines — her eloquence and composure only occasionally betraying the trauma of the past 20 months. Each time we speak about the aftermath of the massacre at her magazine and how she is coping personally her voice quavers, but when the subject comes back to her fight for reform in Islamic civilization she is fearless. 
In this spirit, El Rhazoui, obliged to spend most of her time in hiding, like Salman Rushdie after his 1989 publication of The Satanic Verses , has taken the high-risk option of publishing an explosive new book about Islam. 
Detruire Le Fascisme Islamique ( Destroy Islamic Fascism ), being released in France this week, takes the battle of ideas directly to the ideologically-driven zealots who inspired the assassins of her dear friend Charb (Stephane Charbonnier), late editor of Charlie Hebdo who preferred “to die standing than to live on my knees.” 
Obtained exclusively by Women in the World, the book dedicated to “Muslim atheists” is an unapologetic strike against the strict application of Islam by imitating the first Salafists or “pious ancestors.” The Prophet Mohammed and his companions, whose violent exploits are contained in “bellicose texts from a barbaric 7th-century Bedouin tribal context,” exhibited codes of behavior El Rhazoui insists have no place in the modern world and can be directly connected to terrorism. “The most abject crimes of Islamic State are but a 21st-century remake of what the first Muslims accomplished under the guidance of the Prophet,” she writes, noting that sexual and domestic slavery, the massacre of non-Muslims (notably Jews), pedophilia, pillage, polygamy and summary executions were all adopted from pre-Islamic societies. The book is also the journalist’s way of carrying on the legacy of her dead comrades, who reveled in their right to mock established religion and fanatics everywhere — with Islam no exception to their traditional French anti-clerical ridicule — through satire and caricature. 
Formerly the magazine’s religion writer, El Rhazoui is in the throes of joining the exodus of staff breaking from the magazine under its new management. Flush with cash from international donations, the fundamentally altered publication, she disappointedly explained, “ will probably never again draw the Prophet ” out of fear of more reprisals. 
“[And] those who think that only a handful of madmen are capable of killing for a cartoon of Mohammed forget that everywhere that Islam reigns as the religion of the state, caricatures and cartoons in the press are repressed”. El Rhazoui’s book, dedicated to “Muslim atheists,” is an unapologetic strike against the strict application of Islam. Religion of peace and love? 
“We need to admit that Islamism today is applied Islam,” El Rhazoui — who describes herself as an “atheist of Muslim culture” –writes, responding to politicians, religious figures, Islamophobia opponents and media commentators who claim after every jihadist attack that “real Islam” has nothing to do with such terror. 
“When we apply Islam to the letter it gives Islamism, and when we apply Islamism to the letter it gives terrorism. So we need to stop saying Islam is a religion of peace and love. What is a moderate Islamist? An Islamist who doesn’t kill?” 
The essay-length book is in the grand French polemical tradition of Emile Zola whose J’accuse denounced the anti-Semitism of the French state and establishment during the Dreyfus Affair, on the eve of the 20th century. El Rhazoui, who holds Moroccan and French citizenship, takes aim at a very 21st-century phenomenon: what she abhors as the “intellectual fraud” of Islamophobia, which pretends to be about anti-racism but in her reckoning is used as a weapon to silence all critics of Islam and the ideas behind it as automatically hostile towards all Muslims. Epitomized by the French Collective Against Islamophobia (CCIF), this deliberate strategy vilifies as Islamophobic voices such as El Rhazoui’s who dare question the religion the CCIF and fellow travelers define only through the prism of their own fundamentalism. 
The notion of Islamophobia doesn’t even exist in Muslim countries, the author points out, because outside the West, criticism of the religion or Mohammed is officially “categorized as blasphemy.” 
“Unable to pass blasphemy laws in Europe, groups like the CCIF employ a dangerous “semantic confusion,” she said. On the CCIF site it is written “Islamophobia is not an opinion: it is an offense.” 
“This is very dangerous because it has even entered the dictionary as hostility towards Islam and Muslims. Yet criticism of an idea, of Islam or of a religion cannot be characterized as an offense or a crime. I was born and lived under the Islam of Morocco and live in France and I have the right criticize religion and this dictatorship of Islamophobia that says I have no right to criticize! If we criticize Christianity it doesn’t mean we are Christianophobes or racist towards the ‘Christian race.’” 
The widespread pressure to self-censor is severe, El Rhazoui says. 
“You can no longer speak about Islam without saying it’s a religion of peace and love. But when you open any book in Islam what do you find? Violence, blood, oppression of women and hate for other religions. 
“Of course you can find this in other religions, however we are talking about something written many centuries ago during a barbaric time for humanity. As long as we don’t talk about this, and keep repeating that Islam is a religion of peace and love, many people will continue to believe the Koran is a constitution, and that rather than being a book written 15 centuries ago reflecting a particular context, it is a legal constitution to apply today.” 
Zineb El Rhazoui feels she is carrying on the legacy of her dead Charlie Hebdo comrades. 
After completing high school in Morocco, El Rhazoui studied languages and the sociology of religion, obtaining a Master’s degree from Paris’s prestigious social science graduate school EHESS. In her twenties she returned to the country of her birth to work as a journalist at Le Journal Hebdomadaire, becoming a campaigner for secular liberties, such as the right to break the fast and even snack in public during the month of Ramadan. This act of non-violent resistance earned her her first fatwa, ahead of her involvement in the movement supporting the Arab Spring in 2011. The wave of personal attacks and threats that came after her collective protest against Ramadan rules prompted her to leave Morocco again for France where she began to report for Charlie Hebdo, bringing her memories of having “vomited up compulsory religious classes” in a country where “being Muslim is not a choice” unless you’re Jewish or Christian. 
Extreme personality cult 
So-called Islamic fascism, seen in its most extreme form in groups like ISIS, shares characteristics in common with all extreme-right fascisms, El Rhazoui argues, because it combines an intense personality cult around Mohammed as the incarnation of the nation. It also employs widespread systems of suspicion and denunciation, exemplified by “sartorial branding” — for example Burkinis or niqabs — that allow for immediate identification and targeting of non-adherents. There are also familiar fascist tropes of repressive sexism against women and homosexuals, armed militias, adoption of a flag, and a strategy that confers the benign status of ‘Muslim women’ to heavily veiled adherents in the West, and characterizes them, disingenuously, as victimized objects of exclusion. 
“The literary corpus of Islam is so stuffed with damning accounts it would be difficult to cleanse it without altering the fundamentals of dogma,” El Rhazoui writes. 
“If the terrorists of Daesh [ISIS] behead those they judge to be miscreants, that is because they draw on their legislation in the texts like the 8th surah of the Koran, al-Anfal, verse 12: “Remember what Your Lord revealed to the angels : I am with you, so support those who have believed. I will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve. You can strike them above the neck and strike off every fingertip”. 
‘You can be Arab, Muslim and a free thinker’ 
Drawing on her personal experience and scholarly knowledge of Islam’s core Arabic texts, the politics of the post-Arab Spring Middle East, and the wellspring of reformism and dissidence embraced within the multi-faceted Islamic civilization, El Rhazoui’s book is an impassioned response to all the extremists who want to see her and her fellow opponents of politico-religious repression dead. 
The greatest racism is, El Rhazoui argues, the racism of the Islamist ideology that forbids marriage with people who are not Muslims, and that rejects women. “That is the definition of racism and fascism and we must say it,” the writer adds. 
“Today Islam in the world only has a role as a civilization. A civilization is defined by many things and not uniquely by religion — but also by its geographical heritage, its artistic, culinary and sartorial traditions and by literature. 
“The Muslim religion has its place in the modern world if it submits itself fully to the laws that rule humanity today: universal principles of equality between men and women, sexual and individual freedom, and equality for all, no matter your creed or religion. Until Islam has admitted this and accepted that the freedom of men and women is superior to it, Islam will not be acceptable.” 
‘Islamophobia whiners’ 
Destroy Islamic Fascism aims to puncture the hypocrisy and faux-intellectual “fakery” (the author’s word) of “Islamophobia whiners” and other “collaborationists” from across the political spectrum — particularly the hard left, “Crypto-Islamist” anti-racists on a quest for a new “Muslim proletariat,” certain feminists, cultural relativists and so-called moderate Imams. All these “willing accomplices” do is distort the noble cause of fighting racism to give undeserved legitimacy to an ideology that at its most extreme results in the horrors of Islamic State, the author says, but also makes the lives of millions of Muslims living in Islamic countries downright miserable. 
“What do these Islamophobia whiners say to the millions of individuals who live in Islamic theocracies and dream of liberty?” El Rhazoui concludes in her book. “Who speaks about the nightmare of a woman who decides to cross the streets of Algiers, Casablanca or Cairo in a skirt?… those who would like to drink a glass of alcohol in countries where you have to flout the law to do it? … about homosexuals, pariahs of Muslim societies, who often only have the choice of death, prison or exile? Who speaks about this youth born Muslim but dreaming of a normal life, these teens attacked for having had a romance?” 


The summer furore over Burkini bans in France agitated the author who deplored the cynical rush of Islamists and their Western sympathizers in the media, academia and politics to celebrate the controversial swimsuit as a form of “liberation” and simultaneously a banal piece of cloth preferred by “Muslim women,” even though most never wear it. 
“Western media, in an intolerable readiness to oblige, have defended the Burkini as a ‘freedom’ and a legitimate cultural expression of a part of humanity,” she said, but pointed out that “in Muslim countries the beaches are not filling up with Burkinis, but they are emptying themselves of women. From one year to another, they are disappearing from the public space, because the veil has never been anything except an extension of the walls of their harem to the exterior.” 
As for mainstream or moderate Muslim clerics, El Rhazoui tells Women in the World that during the Burkini debate in France not one Imam stood up and said “Hey, wait a minute, you can be Muslim and wear a [regular] bathing suit.” 
History will judge those who have monopolized the debate, given a platform to Islamist fundamentalism and even given it a guarantee of acceptability, the author of Destroy Islamic Fascism told Women in the World. “This is just betrayal and it is collaboration with one of the worst forms of fascism that exists today,” she said. 
According to the writer, who is repeatedly accused of bigotry, the “Islamophobia ruse” is driven by “great ignorance” and a lack of understanding of the culture of Islam and what Islam with a big ‘I’ is — “they ignore its complexity and that there have always been opposition currents and progressive and liberal pushes from within.” 
“The accomplices don’t recognize the struggles playing out today in Arab countries will inevitably be won by the democrats and free people. No fascism or totalitarianism has ever been able to win in the long haul of history. The people who are the allies and collaborators of this totalitarianism today will be judged by history and seen as accomplices to this criminal ideology to which they have given a veneer of respectability.” 
For El Rhazoui the true racism emerges from a condescending approach to Islamic culture that decrees an Islamic woman in a burqa is congenitally not free and that her “race” is the burqa. “We present the fundamentalists as being a race and this only shows the contempt we have for this culture. It is absolutely intolerable,” she says. 
Survivor syndrome 
Women in the World asked El Rhazoui how she manages to keep up her spirits, and continue her struggle for the freedom to dissent after everything that has happened since January 2015. 
“It is a question people often ask me,” she said with a perceptible tremor in her voice. “But when you live through these moments in which you are confronted by a reality as cruel and simple as life and death, you realize can put many things in perspective. 
“Straight after the attacks, like many of my colleagues I felt guilty for having stayed alive. I said to myself ‘Those who are dead are dead for all our work, and some are dead when it wasn’t even their work. But it was my work because I am a journalist and I am still here.’ And then you understand this is all part of survivor syndrome, which is normal when you survive a massacre like that. 
“As you start to heal you say, ‘I am lucky to be alive and if I am still here perhaps that is because I still have something to do.’ I understood long before the attack on Charlie, when I engaged in a struggle for individual liberties and democracy in Morocco, that when you fight against totalitarianism, whether it is political or religious, you should never give your enemies the pleasure of stopping living. We fight so that everyone can have a free and happy life and we must continue to live this same life. 
Zineb El Rhazoui (C) attends the funeral of French cartoonist and Charlie Hebdo editor Stephane “Charb” Charbonnier, on January 16, 2015 in Pontoise, outside Paris. (MARTIN BUREAU/AFP/Getty Images) 
Still a day doesn’t go past when she doesn’t think of her old colleague Charb and their many heated discussions. 
“He was someone who was extremely lucid and for whom the concepts were clear. He was a true humanist who didn’t fear being accused of being racist because for him it was absurd.” 
El Rhazoui’s deconstruction of Islam is also a defense of Muslims, she reasoned, as “salvation will come when we stop aligning the identity of an entire community with the most fundamentalist people who pretend to represent it.” 
“We have to extend a hand to all these Muslims who are free people, who have questioned their heritage, and who are fighters for liberty, battling for the same values as us but in a context controlled by Islamists,” she says. 
Life in a moving jail 
Since January 2015, the survivor from Charlie Hebdo has traveled frequently to speak at universities and meetings of the Freedom Forum, in Europe and the U.S., under the protection assured by the French state and the countries that receive her. She says she would never complain about living under permanent armed guard and having her freedom of mobility curtailed, because so many other writers and political figures around the world — and especially in Islamist-controlled or influenced countries — are taking the brave decisions to do as she does but without any security. 
“I always find some spaces of freedom. There are always little escape hatches. Life continues!” says the woman who has just written her second book since the Charlie attacks, and recently became a first-time mother, in what she laughingly called the surprise “baby boom” at a publication that used to have “one of the lowest birthrates in French media.” 
“Today I wander around in a moving jail — it’s a moving cage — but in reality I am more free in my head than those who threaten me. Because their cage is inside their head. They have this cage in their brain and even if they have freedom of movement it is their spirit and their reason and intelligence that is imprisoned. I am much freer than them.” 
Follow Emma-Kate Symons on Twitter @eksymons.",0
8808,TOMI LAHREN Has Special Message For Celebrities Who Said They'd Move To Canada If Trump Won [VIDEO] » 100percentfedUp.com,"Copyright © 2016 100PercentFedUp.com, in association with Liberty Alliance | All rights reserved. Proudly built by WPDevelopers . STAY IN THE LOOP Sign up for our email newsletter to become a 100% Fed Up insider. Subscribe ",0
8809,Survey: Majority of Trump Voters Turn Off Political Awards Shows,"Two out of every three Donald Trump voters turn off awards show when actors, singers and other entertainers start preaching politics, according to new data published by the Hollywood Reporter. [The National Research Group surveyed 800 people  —   half who voted for Hillary Clinton and half who pulled the lever for Donald Trump. The data revealed that 66 percent of Trump voters changed the channel whenever an actor began to lecture about politics, compared to just 19 percent of Clinton voters.  Another 44 percent of Trump voters said awards show speeches are “too political,” compared to Clinton backers who said they want more politics at the Academy Awards. About 39 percent of Clinton voters want to hear about women’s rights, while another 34 percent indicated they want to hear artists speak about Trump’s executive order temporarily suspending the United States’ refugee program. More than   or 68 percent, of Trump voters say they “dislike” political speeches at the Oscars, while just 23 percent of Clinton voters said they felt the same. Interestingly, about 25 percent of Trump and Clinton voters stated that they don’t find   awards show speeches to be persuasive. The survey also found that 79 percent of Clinton voters plan to watch this year’s Oscars, compared to just 66 of Trump voters. Asked if Trump should be invited to this year’s Oscars, 62 percent of Trump voters said yes, while 84 percent of Clinton supporters said no. Of the major awards shows so far this season, the Golden Globes, the Grammy Awards and the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) Awards all heavily featured   speeches, with most centering on opposition to President Trump and his policies. The 89th Academy Awards airs Sunday, February 26 on ABC, with Jimmy Kimmel set to host.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson",0
8810,Rio Drug-Testing Lab Is Suspended by Antidoping Regulator - The New York Times,"Six weeks before the Summer Olympics open in Rio de Janeiro, the laboratory that was set to handle drug testing at the Games has been suspended by the World   Agency in a new escalation of the doping crisis in international sports. WADA  —   the global regulator of doping in sports that oversees three dozen testing labs around the world  —   confirmed the suspension Friday, citing the Rio lab’s “nonconformity” with international standards. The lab has a prior disciplinary record and is one of a handful of labs that have had their certification to conduct drug testing revoked in WADA’s   history. Among those is Moscow’s antidoping lab, which was disciplined last fall following accusations of a   doping program in Russia. Those allegations have prompted global sports officials to bar Russian track and field competitors from the Rio Games. At the urging of Olympic officials, 27 other Summer Olympics sports organizations are scrutinizing athletes from Russia and Kenya, another country facing accusations of widespread doping, ahead of the Games. The Rio suspension not only presents new logistical hurdles to testing at the Games but also highlights growing concern over an antidoping system in disarray that extends to how WADA itself operates. WADA has come under scrutiny for taking years to act on   tips about doping in Russia and for approving Russia’s antidoping lab to lead testing at the Sochi Olympics in 2014 even amid questions about that lab’s integrity. On Friday, WADA did not specify the issues with the Rio facility that had prompted the suspension. A person familiar with the lab’s operations, who was not authorized to speak publicly, said the investigation centered on a specific case. The Rio lab was previously suspended in 2013  —   the year before Brazil hosted soccer’s World Cup  —   and was reinstated by WADA last year. To win back its certification, the lab had spent roughly 200 million Brazilian reais ($60 million) to train more than 90 technicians and retrofit three floors of facilities at a federal university in Rio. That project necessitated a substantial commitment of government money in the face of a serious recession. In an interview last spring, Francisco Radler de Aquino Neto, a chemical scientist and the director of the Rio facility, credited firm support from the federal government for improvements. Dilma Rousseff, who was removed as Brazil’s president this year amid a sweeping graft scandal, signed a measure in March to ensure that the lab’s policies were changed to conform with global standards so that its certification to run Olympic testing was not revoked. The new suspension took effect on Wednesday, according to WADA. The lab has the option of filing an appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport in Switzerland within 21 days. While under suspension, the lab is barred from conducting any antidoping analysis on urine and blood samples. It was unclear Friday if the issue would be resolved  —   and the suspension lifted  —   in time for the Olympics, though officials expressed skepticism that such a reversal could happen so quickly. In the meantime, WADA said that it would transfer any samples at the lab to a facility outside Brazil for testing. “WADA will work closely with the Rio laboratory to resolve the identified issue,” Olivier Niggli, WADA’s incoming director general, said in the organization’s statement. “Athletes can have confidence that the suspension will only be lifted by WADA when the laboratory is operating optimally. ” The lab’s previous suspension coincided with the 2014 World Cup, forcing organizers to send athletes’ doping samples to Switzerland for testing. FIFA, the governing body of international soccer, bore the cost. If the Rio lab is not recertified in time for the Olympics, the International Olympic Committee would be responsible for arranging to have doping samples taken to another   lab. Earlier this month, WADA’s president, Craig Reedie, stressed the necessity of a local testing lab at the Olympics. Compared to the World Cup, he said, the pace of Olympic testing and competition is far more intense. “You’re in the first round of the 100 meters at 10 o’clock in the morning and the second round at 2 o’clock in the afternoon,” Mr. Reedie said. “We need a laboratory on site at the Olympic Games. ” Just two years ago, facing enormous pressure to have an   laboratory at Sochi, Mr. Reedie permitted the Russian lab to conduct testing for the Games despite suspicious test results that had prompted a WADA investigation. The longtime director of Russia’s lab, Grigory Rodchenkov, told The New York Times that after he was cleared to run the Sochi lab, he had tampered with roughly 100 of the 1, 917 urine samples the facility tested. He said he had substituted out the   urine of dozens of Russian athletes, at least 15 of whom won medals at Sochi  —   where Russia placed first in the overall medal count. Mr. Reedie, who signed a certificate in January 2014 that allowed Dr. Rodchenkov to direct testing at Sochi, has defended that decision. “The suspension was suspended provided they met certain tests over a short period, which they did,” Mr. Reedie said in an interview in Switzerland this month. “Hindsight is an exact science. ” In 2014, WADA’s independent observation team called the Sochi lab “a milestone in the evolution of the Olympic Games antidoping program. ” But in recent months  —   as attention has focused on the global regulator, and after new rules took effect in 2015  —   WADA has announced an unusual flurry of new disciplinary actions. About a quarter of the lab suspensions published on WADA’s website have taken place in 2016. In the last three months alone, WADA announced more suspensions than it had in the preceding three years combined. Those suspensions  —   of antidoping labs in Beijing Lisbon Madrid Bloemfontein, South Africa and now Rio  —   affect more than 10 percent of WADA’s testing facilities. The agency, which oversees individual countries’ antidoping programs as well, has also disciplined national antidoping agencies at significantly higher rates since last fall. “We’re seeing a whole lot more scrutiny now,” said Joseph de Pencier, the founding chief executive of the Institute of National   Organizations, a trade group that has been funded by WADA. “WADA is realizing it should function like a financial regulator. ” At a November meeting in Colorado  —   days after WADA had published an explosive report on Russia  —   WADA’s board resolved to be stricter, and Mr. Reedie said in a statement that the organization would have a “greater focus” on ensuring countries played by the rules. Since then, the antidoping agencies of countries including Kenya and Russia have been sanctioned, either because the countries’ policies were out of line with global standards or because the agencies made technical mistakes such as sending doping samples to an unapproved lab. For a national antidoping agency to be disciplined by WADA means little in itself, but depriving a country of WADA’s endorsement is a powerful signal. Still, in an interview in Los Angeles last month, Dr. Rodchenkov minimized the rigor of WADA’s scientific vetting process during the 10 years he headed Russia’s lab. “WADA is a kindergarten,” Dr. Rodchenkov said. But he called WADA’s seal of approval crucial to delivering on the cheating scheme he said he had carried out on orders from the Russian government. “You cannot do   doping without access to   accredited laboratory,” he said. Though WADA revoked the accreditation of Russia’s lab in the wake of the accusations, the agency cleared the facility last month to resume testing on blood samples. Mr. de Pencier, the head of the consortium of antidoping agencies, said the antidoping authorities had begun to appreciate the need for more robust regulation. “The antidoping community as a whole is still a work in progress,” he said. “We’re still developing. ”",0
8811,Teenager to be cryogenically frozen – How cool is that? More soon.,  Guest   Guest .. More Stories about: Ticker,0
8812,"He Helped Topple a Dictator. In New York, He’s Another Face in the Crowd. - The New York Times","Every public housing complex in America is filled with individual tales of struggle and survival. This is the story of a dapper man in a black fedora who lives in unit 16G in the Bronx. His name is Souleymane Guengueng, and he brought down a murderous African dictator. In the 1980s, Mr. Guengueng was one of numerous people imprisoned and tortured during the brutal reign of President Hissène Habré in Chad, a landlocked country in central Africa. When he was released from prison after two and a half years, Mr. Guengueng began a quest for justice, meticulously recording the testimonies of survivors and the relatives of those who had been killed at the direction of Mr. Habré. He wound up with records detailing the abuse and murder of more than 700 people. Human rights advocates collected his accounts and used them as critical pieces of evidence to pursue criminal action against Mr. Habré. The legal case was not an easy one. Finding a court to prosecute a head of state proved difficult. For more than 16 years, the case bounced between nations and continents, with Mr. Guengueng offering his personal plea for justice to anyone who would listen. In May, in Dakar, Senegal, where Mr. Habré had lived in exile, the dictator was finally convicted. Next week, a court there will hear his appeal. On the day of the guilty verdict, a defiant Mr. Habré, wearing dark glasses and with his head wrapped in white scarves as though he were bracing for a desert storm, raised his fists and yelled to supporters in the courtroom. Mr. Guengueng was in the courtroom, too, his trademark hat on the seat beside him, flanked by human rights advocates who had pursued justice against other dictators. He had been a key witness in the trial. Tears spilled from his eyes, a mix of pride and revenge and sadness and relief. “It was like an    experience for me,” Mr. Guengueng, 67, said. “Habré is in prison now. Habré must be saying, ‘Look at me now, he’s in this place and I’m in prison.’ ” For Mr. Guengueng, “this place” is a tidy,   apartment in the Bronx, one of 160 apartments in a towering public housing complex on a busy, nondescript New York City street. In the human rights world, Mr. Guengueng is a celebrity, sometimes even stopped on the street by people who recognize him when he travels across the globe. In New York, he is another face in the crowd. Mr. Guengueng first came to the United States in 2002 from his   home in Ndjamena, the capital of Chad, to accept a human rights award. He met the actor Samuel L. Jackson, cruised California’s State Route 1 along the Pacific coast in a convertible and detoured to check out     Calif. (“Très chic!” he said, eyebrows raised.) He returned to Chad, where most people live on less than $5 a day, to his job as an accountant at the Lake Chad Basin Commission, a multinational group that manages resources around the lake. His vocal activism in pursuing legal action against Mr. Habré was wearing on the commission, Mr. Guengueng said, and he lost his job. Mr. Guengueng blames his work with the commission for getting him into trouble with Mr. Habré’s government in the first place. At one point during Mr. Habré’s presidency, the commission had moved its headquarters to nearby Cameroon, and Mr. Guengueng presumes that Mr. Habré’s supporters passing through must have labeled the civil servants there political enemies. In 2005, while living in Chad, Mr. Guengueng had a tear in his retina. He had long worn   glasses because of vision problems, and he said he suspected his time in prison had aggravated his condition. Reed Brody, a former Human Rights Watch lawyer who doggedly pursued the case against Mr. Habré, arranged for Mr. Guengueng to fly to New York for medical care. He recovered in Mr. Brody’s apartment in Brooklyn, taking long walks in Prospect Park. While his eyes were healing he started hearing from friends and family members that his life might be at risk if he returned home. Mr. Habré was ousted in a 1990 coup, but he still had many supporters in Chad. With the help of Human Rights Watch, Mr. Guengueng successfully applied for asylum in America. Soon, he brought his wife and seven children to New York. Then financial troubles and bad luck set in. Mr. Guengueng was on the Human Rights Watch payroll, working on the criminal case from New York. But that work ran out. He was hired as a night watchman. But in 2007 during a stroll on the Coney Island Boardwalk, he fell and broke his leg. His recovery was long, and he lost his job. His oldest daughter supported the family with a restaurant job. But she became ill and died, leaving the family with little income. Home life was tense. Mr. Guengueng is trilingual, but English has been difficult. Taking classes has not helped. In New York, his wife felt as if she had lost her independence living in an unfamiliar place where she did not speak the language. And New York was cold. In Chad, afternoon temperatures rarely dipped below 90 degrees. Mr. Guengueng did not give up. He and some friends pooled their resources to buy a deli but lost the money when the deal fell apart. He enrolled in a course to learn medical coding and billing but could not find a job in that field. He tried driving a taxi but the work aggravated his leg, which has never been the same since the break. His wife took a babysitting course but had no space to care for children. Back in Chad, another daughter died in a fire. Mr. Guengueng was interspersing his daily tribulations with work on the Habré case, flying with Mr. Brody to courts worldwide to personally plead for justice. “He’s a hero,” Mr. Brody said. “He’s done so much to change history. Yet his    life is one of hardships and heartbreaks. ” The family moved from a friend’s home on Long Island to a tiny rental in Queens. They could not keep up with the $2, 000 a month rent and were evicted. Three and a half years ago, Mr. Guengueng’s family had to move into a homeless shelter, where they were crammed into two rooms. Determined to find something better, he practically memorized the intricacies of New York’s housing laws as he searched for   housing. Finally, in March, the family left the shelter and moved into their current apartment in the Bronx. He lives there with three of his children the others are now grown and have moved out. Most speak English, and one son, Jacob, 25, graduated from college and is an Uber driver. On a recent afternoon at Mr. Guengueng’s apartment, a film from Ivory Coast was on the television. Mr. Brody arrived to see his old friend. Mr. Guengueng insisted on pulling his dusty human rights awards and statuettes from his closet. He carefully fingered them like gemstones. Mr. Guengueng will be in court next week for the appeal, but his long obsession with the case is finished. “It’s like a psychological healing has taken place,” said Mr. Guengueng, whose face is marked by deep tribal scars. “If I had just allowed this situation to persist and had a normal life I would have felt incomplete. Like I was half a man. ” The case also was   for Mr. Brody. He left his job with Human Rights Watch this past summer and has taken on volunteer legal work for now. “We’re both unemployed,” Mr. Guengueng said, nudging Mr. Brody and laughing. Despite the hardships in New York, Mr. Guengueng calls his time in America a success. His family has health care. His children have an education. He and most of his family have become American citizens. And Mr. Guengueng is thrilled with his new apartment. “We’re in paradise now,” he said. Mr. Guengueng, who says he is too old to find a good job, spends his days shuffling between municipal offices for food stamps and housing allowances. Every once in a while, the grind is broken by a   dinner in Manhattan where he receives awards for his work. He wants to create a foundation where he can advise other victims like himself, but he has yet to find a major donor. His own hardship is over. “Now,” he said, “I think about the others. ”",0
8813,What Is Jill Stein Up To?,"What Is Jill Stein Up To?
Jill Stein’s candidacy is unaffected by a vote recount. How was she able to raise more money overnight for vote recounts in 3 states won by Trump than she was able to raise for her presidential campaign? 
Stephen Lendman http://sjlendman.blogspot.com and investmentwatchblog.com http://investmentwatchblog.com/jill-stein-has-just-raised-more-money-in-24-hours-for-her-wi-mi-and-pa-recount-initiative-than-she-did-for-her-entire-2016-presidential-campaign/ raise questions.
It is strange that the Green Party candidate would prefer Hillary, who would raise tensions with Russia, to Trump, who says he will restore normal relations. One thermo-nuclear war and the climate is history along with the rest of us.
The post What Is Jill Stein Up To? appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .",0
8814,Long-term Effects of the Presidential Election,"November 10, 2016 Long-term Effects of the Presidential Election 
The reverberations from Donald Trump’s election as the 45th president of the United States are being felt around the world. A number of Hollywood’s celebrities are saying they will move out of the country. Many political pundits are decrying the overthrow of the international order that globalists have worked so hard to build since World War II. 
On the other hand, one politician from Israel is saying that Trump’s election heralds the coming of the Messiah. One thing is certain. The election of Mr. Trump to lead the world’s greatest nation will definitely change things dramatically. What will the long-term effects of America’s election actually be? We’ll talk about on today’s edition of End of the Age. Join the Conversation",0
8815,Obama to Meet With Sanders to Nudge Him to Fully Back Clinton - The New York Times,"President Obama will use an Oval Office meeting with Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont on Thursday morning to delicately nudge the losing Democratic presidential hopeful toward a full embrace of Hillary Clinton’s candidacy and a unified party effort to defeat Donald J. Trump in the fall, according to administration aides. The conversation, the fifth that Mr. Obama will have had with Mr. Sanders since the primaries began, is to be part of a choreographed series of moves Mr. Obama set in motion this week that are designed to quickly bridge the divide between the two Democratic presidential candidates laid bare in the last few months. The strategy will culminate with the president’s formal endorsement of Mrs. Clinton in the coming days, followed by an appearance with her on the campaign trail soon after. Mr. Obama’s message is intended to be unmistakable: The time has come for Mr. Sanders to harness his formidable constituency in support of his onetime rival even as he continues to press for the progressive policies that animated his base. But it is also clear to the White House that Mr. Obama must broker this particular intraparty peace treaty with patience and respect, or risk angering Mr. Sanders and his millions of supporters. To that end, the president will delay any endorsement of Mrs. Clinton until after the meeting with Mr. Sanders. And a joint appearance is unlikely until after the Democratic primary in the District of Columbia on Tuesday. Mr. Obama will not pressure Mr. Sanders to make a concession before that contest, the final one in the long primary season, advisers said. “We should be a little graceful and give him the opportunity to decide on his own,” when he wants to leave the race, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said of Mr. Sanders on Wednesday. White House aides said Mr. Obama was eager to help Mr. Sanders find a way to continue elevating the causes he championed for more than a year  —   including addressing income inequality and college tuition affordability, raising the minimum wage and changing campaign finance rules  —   but without the   comments that could threaten the Democratic cause. “You’ve built this enormous   movement what do you want to do with that?” said Jen Psaki, Mr. Obama’s communications director, describing what was likely to be the tenor of his conversation with Mr. Sanders. “There’s a recognition of the energy and enthusiasm that he built, and that that is going to be needed to win in November. ” Finding a way to help guide Mr. Sanders past his disappointment is the president’s chief goal during the next few days, Obama aides said. During a remarkable and at times bruising political campaign, Mr. Sanders has built an enormous list of Democratic voters that would be invaluable to Mrs. Clinton and to Democratic Senate and House candidates. Aides said Mr. Obama would remind Mr. Sanders that he could receive much of the credit for big Democratic wins if he helps redirect his newfound political energy toward helping Mrs. Clinton. Democratic strategists said the president would play a pivotal role in reaching out to Mr. Sanders’s coalition, although Mrs. Clinton will have to make a visible effort to appeal to her former adversary’s supporters  —   much as Mr. Obama did in 2008 after he won a prolonged and at times bitter primary with Mrs. Clinton. “He’ll be a great surrogate among those Democrats who were supportive of him but are less supportive of her, particularly younger Democrats, in making the case as to why consolidating behind her is important and what’s at stake in the election,” said David Axelrod, a former senior adviser in Mr. Obama’s presidential campaign and his White House. Mrs. Clinton “needs to approach those folks with open arms, but there is a   reality element of this that he may be better suited for,” Mr. Axelrod added. Some supporters of Mr. Sanders on Wednesday said that they hoped that Mr. Obama would not pressure their candidate to quickly leave the race. “Bernie Sanders and the   political revolutionaries behind him have more than earned the time and the space, just as Secretary Clinton and her supporters did eight years ago, to determine the best steps we can take together to help unite our party against Donald Trump in the days and weeks ahead,” said Jim Dean, the chairman of Democracy for America, which endorsed Mr. Sanders in December. Adam Green, a founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, which stayed neutral in the race, said Democrats should not “guilt trip” Sanders voters by warning them of the risks of electing Mr. Trump, but instead incorporate their ideas, including expanding Social Security benefits and breaking up big banks, into the party platform. In a taped appearance on “The Tonight Show” that is to be broadcast Thursday night, Mr. Obama praised Mr. Sanders, saying he brought “enormous energy” and “new ideas” to the campaign. The president said Mr. Sanders pushed his rival, making her a better candidate. “She is whip smart, she is tough and she deeply cares about working people and putting kids through school,” Mr. Obama said, citing some of Mr. Sanders’s main concerns about Mrs. Clinton. “My hope is over the next couple weeks, we’re able to pull things together. ” The president said Mr. Sanders and his supporters deserved some time to become used to the fact that he did not win. He said that people who poured their hearts into campaigns often became “a little ouchy” and bruised, and needed time to recover. Asked whether he thinks the Republicans are happy with their choice of Mr. Trump, Mr. Obama joked, “We are!” He then added, “Actually, you know what, that was too easy,” and said he was worried about the Republican Party because democracy works when “you have two parties that are serious. ”",0
8816,Obama Should Just Pardon Hillary for Every Conceivable Crime,"Obama Should Just Pardon Hillary for Every Conceivable Crime November 4, 2016 
Don't look now, but #PardonHer talk is growing. 
Just as the Clinton campaign and its media allies rage against the FBI, some are looking for a pardon solution. And a way to spin that pardon as something other than a straight admission of guilt. How about political reconciliation and a way to defy those mean Republicans and take the issue of all the crimes that Hillary committed off the table? Here you go. 
It does not take much clairvoyance to predict that Clinton's most strident opponents may seek to extend the use criminal investigations as a political tactic to undermine her presidency if she wins the election next week. That prospect triggers a startling idea: Should President Barack Obamasimply pardon Clinton if she wins the election?... 
A presidential pardon could short circuit some of this maneuvering. The Constitution gives the president the power ""to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States,"" and it could be used here. The public is aware of the allegations against Clinton, yet she has continued to lead in election polls. If voters choose her for the presidency, their decision that the allegations are not disqualifying deserves respect. A presidential pardon could ratify that assessment. 
Yes, but what should Obama pardon Hillary Clinton for? Corruption, bribery, abuse of classified information? How about everything. Let's just print up a list of every possible crime and pardon Hillary for all of them. It would save time, energy and raise Hillary above the law. It would be a clear statement that she could get away with murder. 
Literally.",0
8817,PARTY CORRUPTION: Clinton Campaign Directly Tied to Disgraced DNC Consultant,"A tidal wave of revelations is pouring out of the Clinton campaign as the 2016 presidential election draws to a close. 
‘MELTDOWN’– The Clinton campaign continues to unravel following a series of troubling details. (Photo illustration 21WIRE) 
Over the weekend, it was discovered through a Wikileaks email dump, that Neera Tanden of the Center for American Progress , John Podesta ‘s top aide, had an email exchange with Michael Lux of Progressive Strategies revealing that the Democratic consultant Robert Creamer of Democracy Partners, was closely allied with Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook . 
‘POLITICAL BOMBSHELL’– Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook had close ties to disgraced DNC consultant Robert Creamer. (Image Source: Lockerdome ) 
Creamer gained national attention when he became the subject of video sting operation captured by the investigative non-profit Project Veritas . Not only was it revealed that the Creamer discussed ways to commit voter fraud and violence at Donald Trump rallies on camera – he also met with White House officials some 342 times over the past year, including 47 private meetings with President Obama or other senior officials. 
‘DNC SCANDAL’– Robert Creamer of Democracy Partners and Democratic congresswoman Jan Schakowsky. (Image Source: National Vanguard ) 
Creamer’s visits to the White House also included his wife, a 9-term Illinois Democratic congresswoman Jan Schakowsky . 
White House visitor records have shown that Schakowsky took 47 “private meetings with Obama or his senior staff,” over the past year. The consultancy Democracy Partners appears to have applied Schakowsky as a political buffering point, in the event of a fallout over their operations at a grassroots level. The nature of this type of procedural separation is to keep certain high-ranking officials of the hook in case of a massive upheaval over various underhanded campaign tactics , potentially giving the Clinton campaign and the DNC plausible deniability. 
The Mook fallout is the latest in a laundry list of problems for the Clinton campaign and comes at a time when interim DNC chair Donna Brazile , is embroiled in controversy of over leaked debate questions prior to at least two 2016 town hall debates. Brazile stepped down from her role at CNN earlier in October. Here’s a passage from the Daily Caller describing the scenario: 
“Donna Brazile, the interim chair of the Democratic National Committee, began providing town hall and debate questions to the Clinton campaign earlier than previously known, emails released by WikiLeaks on Monday show.” 
The article continued by stating that the revelations expose that the interim DNC chair was more deeply involved than previously outlined: 
“In the March 12 exchange, Brazile mentions [Roland] Martin by name and offers to provide more than just the one town hall question that she is known to have shared with the campaign. 
“I’ll send a few more. Though some questions Roland submitted,” Brazile wrote to Palmieri in the March 12 email thread, which is entitled “From time to time I get the questions in advance.” 
Martin, is a commentator for TV One and the host of News One Now , as well as a CNN contributor. 
In another matter, the Wall Street Journal revealed the following , while disclosing an apparently contentious relationship between the FBI and DOJ, while the FBI appears to be somewhat fractured over the latest email server case developments: 
“The latest development began in early October when New York-based FBI officials notified Andrew McCabe [of the Terry McAuliffe campaign contribution scandal], the bureau’s second-in-command, that while investigating Mr. Weiner for possibly sending sexually charged messages to a teenage minor, they had recovered a laptop. Many of the 650,000 emails on the computer, they said, were from the accounts of Ms. Abedin, according to people familiar with the matter.” 
Some critics have called for McCabe to recuse himself after it was revealed his wife received $675,000 from a well-known Clinton confidant, Terry McAuliffe . This was further underlined after the House Oversight Commitee wanted more information about the Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe and its ties to the Clintons. 
The alleged internal feud among agencies was compounded when Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates ‘objected’ to FBI Director James Comey reopening the Clinton email server case this past week – something that added to the Lynch/Clinton tarmac meeting before the first FBI ruling in the Clinton case. 
According to a report filed by Zero Hedge , a close friend of Podesta, Peter Kadzik , the Assistant Attorney General of the Department of Justice (DOJ), will be in charge of a probe into Huma Abedin , Clintion’s closest aide. 
Interestingly, as a mountain of controversy envelops the Clinton campaign, the FBI is now conducting an early inquiry into former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort , over his alleged foreign business connections. 
Back in August, the following business connection was revealed by NBC news : 
“In 2008, according to court records, senior Trump aide Paul Manafort’s firm was involved with a Ukrainian oligarch named Dmytro Firtash in a plan to redevelop a famous New York hotel, the Drake. The total value of the project was $850 million. Firtash’s company planned to invest over $100 million, the records say. 
That same year, Firtash acknowledged to the U.S. ambassador in Ukraine that he got his start in business with the permission of a notorious Russian crime lord, according to a classified State Department cable. Other cables say Firtash made part of his fortune through sweetheart natural gas deals between Russia and the Ukraine.” 
Although the US State Department has determined that Firtash may have ties to a criminal enterprise in Russia – so far, there’s nothing directly linking Manafort to any underground element at this time. 
Watch this space – as the Russia/Trump meme fostered by mainstream media or some other politically polarizing element will look to deflect from the Clinton campaign meltdown. 
More from LifeZette below… 
‘OUT OF CONTROL?’– Wikileaks reveals Robby Mook’s links to DNC contractor who discussed ways to commit voter fraud and violence. (Image Source: Slate ) 
WikiLeaks: Trump Rally Agitator and Clinton Campaign Manager Are ‘Close’ 
Top Clinton aides discussed Bob Creamer and his ‘grassroots/netroots’ operation 
by Jim Stinson LifeZette 
Robert Creamer, the operative behind sending provocateurs to Donald Trump rallies, was close to Robby Mook, Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager, according to new emails released by WikiLeaks. 
Creamer, who allegedly spearheaded the dirty tricks for the Democrats, wasn’t just consulting for the Democratic National Committee, according to videos made by Project Veritas. He was sending people to provoke Trump at events. 
Creamer has thus become a red-hot issue in the campaign. And now it’s apparent he is close to Mook. That surprising detail came out Sunday morning when WikiLeaks posted hundreds more emails from John Podesta’s Gmail account. Podesta is Clinton’s campaign chairman whose account was hacked in March. 
More from LifeZette here … 
READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files 
SUPPORT 21WIRE – SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
8818,Trump Calls the News Media the ‘Enemy of the American People’ - The New York Times,"President Trump, in an extraordinary rebuke of the nation’s press organizations, wrote on Twitter on Friday that the nation’s news media “is the enemy of the American people. ” Even by the standards of a president who routinely castigates journalists  —   and who on Thursday devoted much of a   news conference to criticizing his press coverage  —   Mr. Trump’s tweet was a striking escalation in his attacks. At 4:32 p. m. shortly after arriving at his    home in Palm Beach, Fla. Mr. Trump took to Twitter to write: The message was swiftly deleted, but 16 minutes later Mr. Trump posted a revised version. Restricted to 140 characters, he removed the word “sick,” and added two other television networks  —   ABC and CBS  —   to his list of offending organizations. The president has referred to the media as the “opposition party” to his administration, and he has blamed news organizations for stymieing his agenda. But the language that Mr. Trump deployed on Friday is more typically used by leaders to refer to hostile foreign governments or subversive organizations. It also echoed the language of autocrats who seek to minimize dissent. “Oh boy,” Carl Bernstein, the journalist who helped to uncover the Watergate scandal, said on Friday, after a reporter read him Mr. Trump’s tweet. “Donald Trump is demonstrating an authoritarian attitude and inclination that shows no understanding of the role of the free press,” he added. Historians pointed out similarities between Mr. Trump and Richard M. Nixon, who in 1972 told his national security adviser, Henry A. Kissinger, “The press is the enemy. ” Mr. Bernstein said the president’s language “may be more insidious and dangerous than Richard Nixon’s attacks on the press. ” “But there is a similarity in trying to divide the country, and make the conduct of the press the issue, instead of the conduct of the president,” he said. Mr. Trump and his top advisers strongly believe that an elitist news media lost its credibility by failing to anticipate his political rise. Still, the notion of the news media as an enemy of the public  —   especially when voiced by a sitting president  —   went a step beyond Mr. Trump’s usual rhetorical turns. Mr. Trump’s tactic of pitting the press against the public was mirrored in a survey distributed by the president’s team on Thursday, which urged Trump supporters “to do your part to fight back against the media’s attacks and deceptions. ” Survey questions included, “Do you believe that the mainstream media has reported unfairly on our movement?” and “On which issues does the mainstream media do the worst job of representing Republicans? (Select as many that apply. )” Mr. Trump has deleted tweets in the past, sometimes to correct for typos or to refine his message, and publications are keeping track of these fleeting missives. On Thursday, Mr. Trump expressed his distaste for journalists in more populist terms, saying, “much of the media in Washington, D. C. along with New York, Los Angeles in particular, speaks not for the people, but for the special interests. ” “The public doesn’t believe you people anymore,” Mr. Trump added. “Now, maybe I had something to do with that. I don’t know. But they don’t believe you. ”",0
8819,"If You Are Worried About The Action In The Gold Market, Read This…","54 Views November 10, 2016 GOLD , KWN , KWN II King World News IMPORTANT: The King World News network communications have been attacked relentlessly today. All communications have been shut down for the network. KWN has 3 global networks it can join for communications and all three have been taken down for most of the day, including all phone lines. Is it a coincidence that this happened just after the election? Who knows? But if you are worried about the action in the gold market, just read this. “Gold was not selected arbitrarily by governments to be the monetary standard. Gold had developed for many centuries on the free market as the best money; as the commodity providing the most stable and desirable monetary medium.” — Murray Rothbard By Ronald-Peter Stoeferle, Incrementum AG Liechtenstein November 10 ( King World New s) – Gold And The Illusion Of Monetary Value 
Have you ever been to the Disney World Magic Kingdom in Florida? Or maybe you’ve drunk beer out of a glass boot at Oktoberfest? Or if you’re not the type of person to spend your money on something so extravagant, you’ve probably at least bought a loaf of bread in your life? 
The reason I am asking these questions will become clear in a second. But first let’s talk about the dollar… IMPORTANT: To hear which legend just spoke with KWN about $8,000 gold and the coming mania in the gold, silver, and mining shares markets CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
As consumers we are used to pricing goods in dollars (or whichever currency you use). However, using the dollar as a benchmark is less than ideal because it has lost more than 95% of its value over the last 100 years. In fact, most of the rise in prices over the last century can be attributed to a loss in the purchasing power of the dollar. Austrian economists take a different, and better, approach to measuring purchasing power, they use gold. 
After 1971 the growth in fiat money has outpaced the growth in gold production. As a result gold has protected investors in the long term against the loss of purchasing power caused by persistent money supply inflation. Rather than looking at higher gold prices as a gain in the precious metal’s value, they should be seen as a consequence of monetary inflation. 
Even though the gold price in US dollar terms is currently not (yet) in the vicinity of its all time high, the data are clear: the price of gold in terms of the dollar has increased by a factor of 34 since 1971. In the long term the gold price is rising against every paper currency. 
The growth in the gold price is simply a side effect of monetary inflation. But how has this monetary growth affected our purchasing power? Most investors will know that the price of oil has grown considerably over the last decades, however if we price oil in real money, gold, the cost per barrel has remained surprisingly stable. 
In the chart below we show on the one hand the gold/oil ratio (i.e., how many barrels of oil can be bought with one ounce of gold), and on the other hand it shows the inverse of the oil price (i.e., how many units of oil can be bought with one US dollar). One can see that while the price of oil in terms of gold tends to be relatively stable over time and gold’s purchasing power currently stands actually 40% above the level of 1971, the US dollar has lost has more than 95% of its purchasing power relative to oil over the same time period. “For the naive mind there is something miraculous in the issuance of fiat money. A magic word spoken by the government creates out of nothing a thing which can be exchanged against any merchandise a man would like to get. How pale is the art of sorcerers, witches, and conjurors when compared with that of the government’s Treasury Department!” — Ludwig von Mises 
Another instructive indicator is the price of bread measured in gold. The chart below shows historically how much bread you could buy for one dollar (blue histograms) vs. how much bread you could buy with an ounce of gold (gold line). Gold’s purchasing power has remained stable, while the amount of bread you could buy with one dollar has decreased drastically. 
The contrast between the purchasing power of gold and paper money becomes especially obvious when looking at the prices of leisure attractions. The entrance fee for the Disney World Magic Kingdom in Florida is used as a proxy for leisure attractions in the US (I told you we would return to Disney). 
At the time of its opening in 1971, the ticket price stood at USD 3.50 per day, today the entrance fee amounts to USD 110 per day. That equates to an average annualized price increase of 7.96%, twice the official inflation rate. If one looks at these ticket prices in gold terms, it can be seen that a median of 12 tickets could be purchased with an ounce of gold over time. Currently this figure stands at 10.9, which is quite close to the long-term average. 
What Disneyland is for Americans, the Oktoberfest is for Bavarians. A regular feature of our chart collections is the “beer purchasing power” of gold. While a liter of beer (a “Maß” in German) at the Munich Oktoberfest in 1950 cost the equivalent of EUR 0.82, the average price in 2015 was EUR 10.25. The annual price inflation of beer since 1950 thus amounts to 4.2%. 
If one looks at the price of beer relative to the gold price, then one ounce of gold could buy 100 liters of beer in 2015. Historically the average is 87 liters – thus the “beer purchasing power” of gold is currently slightly above the long-term average. The peak was however reached in 1980 at 227 liters per ounce. We believe it is quite possible that this level will be reached again. Beer drinking gold hoarders should revel in this development. 
Conclusion The evidence above shows that fiat currencies have historically been woefully inadequate at maintaining their purchasing power. Gold by contrast has a track record of successfully preserving value and purchasing power over thousands of years. In the course of human history, the market has naturally chosen gold as the superior form of money. 
The slow and steady growth in its supply from mining (the global stock of gold is growing at approximately the same pace as the population) ensures stability and confidence. These unique characteristics are making gold one of the best hedges against excessive money supply expansion and Black Swan events. 
And if you have an adversity to gold, you should consider picking up some Disney dollars. They have been excellent at maintaining purchasing power, as they sell for far above face value on Ebay. Anything is better than dollars. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: After Trump Shocker, One Market Is In Freefall! And What Is Happening In The Gold Market Is Unbelievable! CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author",0
8821,Maybelline Introduces First Male Makeup Ambassador,"Maybelline has made makeup model Manny Gutierrez the American brand’s first male makeup ambassador. [Gutierrez announced the news to his three million Instagram followers earlier this week: “Honestly I couldn’t be more honored [or] thrilled! ,” Gutierrez said. “Thank you to Maybelline for taking a chance on me!”   2017 you are off to an AMAZING START OMG! So excited to finally announce that I am part of the @maybelline #bigshotmascara campaign! Honestly I couldn’t be more honored thrilled! Thank you to Maybelline for taking a chance on me! I look forward to working together so much more 😍😍😍 #Maybellinepartner #IworkedwithMaybellineOMG #pinchme #notthathardthough, A video posted by 🌙Manny Gutierrez (@mannymua733) on Jan 3, 2017 at 6:01pm PST,  Gutierrez, a social media star   on YouTube as “MannyMua,” will be starring in Maybelline’s “That Boss Life” campaign promoting Big Shot Mascara alongside fellow beauty blogger Shayla Mitchell and contest winner Jackie Flowers. The      says “I believe makeup is GenderLESS and has no rules” and “boys deserve just as much cosmetic recognition. ” Mua was raised by “liberal Mormons,” according to Marie Claire, and came out publicly in a YouTube video in August that’s since drawn more than a million views.  Wearing the new @kyliecosmetics @kyliejenner Burgundy Palette   …     filmed a review and demo too 😏 Who wants to see it?! 😍 Ps lashes  —   @lillylashes Miami use code Mannymua to save some coin! #kyliecosmetics #kyliejenner #lillylashes, A photo posted by 🌙Manny Gutierrez (@mannymua733) on Oct 21, 2016 at 5:59pm PDT,   Today’s been a longggg and hectic shoot day! Can’t wait for you guys to see the action next year! 😍 Thank you @ijosephzee for killing it and helping me vamp up my style 😏 Which outfit do you guys like better? Left or right? Soft glam or sporty spice lmfao 🌙Left🌙 Top, jacket, pants all from @hm Shoes  —   @nike 🌙Right🌙 Pants  —   #hm  Top  —   @kenzo Shoes #Nike, A photo posted by 🌙Manny Gutierrez (@mannymua733) on Dec 16, 2016 at 7:16pm PST,  Maybelline’s hiring of Gutierrez comes on the heels of fellow cosmetic giant CoverGirl’s decision to name James Charles its first CoverBoy.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson",0
8822,Nation’s Largest Offshore Wind Farm Will Be Built Off Long Island - The New York Times,"UNIONDALE, N. Y.  —   Seeking to meet growing electric demand in the Hamptons with renewable energy, the Long Island Power Authority approved the nation’s largest offshore wind farm on Wednesday, set for the waters between the eastern tip of Long Island and Martha’s Vineyard. The farm, with as many as 15 turbines capable of powering 50, 000 average homes over all, is the first of several planned by the developer, Deepwater Wind. It will be in a    parcel, with room for as many as 200 turbines, that the company is leasing from the federal government. “It is the largest project to date, but it will not be the last project,” the power authority’s chief executive, Thomas Falcone, said before the vote as a crowd of supporters erupted in whoops and applause. Wind power has struggled to take off in the United States, but the Long Island project signals that the   promise of a new,   source of electricity is poised to become part of the national energy mix. It has been given new life by New York’s push to meet Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s goal of drawing 50 percent of the state’s power from renewable sources by 2030. That goal includes 2. 4 gigawatts of offshore wind, enough to power 1. 25 million homes. It is the largest commitment to offshore wind in the country and is part of the state’s way of showing the nascent industry it is serious about developing the resource. “This project will not only provide a new, reliable source of clean energy but will also create   jobs, continue our efforts to combat climate change and help preserve our environment,” Mr. Cuomo said Wednesday in a statement, two weeks after he publicly called for the power authority to approve the proposal. The project’s cost was projected at $1 billion but is now expected to be $740 million. Deepwater plans to finance the project with loans and equity investments, according to Jeffrey Grybowski, the company’s chief executive. Mr. Grybowski expressed confidence that the project would qualify for an investment tax credit, set to phase out at the end of 2019, that is worth 24 percent of the development’s cost. Whether it does, however, could be open to interpretation by the Treasury. The turbines, each roughly 600 feet tall, would be connected to a substation in East Hampton by a   undersea cable. The town has a goal of its own: meeting all of its electric demand with renewable energy by 2020. Other offshore wind projects, notably one off Cape Cod, have encountered opposition over their effect on ocean views. But Deepwater has said the turbines supplying East Hampton would not be visible from Montauk, on the tip of Long Island, and would barely be visible from Martha’s Vineyard, 15 miles away. The approval comes six weeks after the nation’s only other functioning offshore   farm  —   a Deepwater project in Rhode Island state waters off Block Island  —   began serving customers on the grid. Big multinational developers like Statoil and Dong Energy are also investing in the business, snapping up leases for ocean parcels with the aim of competing for utility contracts in Maryland, Massachusetts and New York. The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority is putting together an offshore wind master plan to guide development, including a swath south of the Rockaways. The projects have all faced some opposition, some of it from commercial fisheries concerned that the turbines, attached to the seafloor, will disrupt their businesses and consumers worried about higher electricity prices. The power authority, which plans to buy all of the Long Island farm’s output over 20 years, says the cost is about the same as its other renewable energy projects, about 16 cents a  . Its average electricity price is 7. 5 cents a   so the project is expected to add $1. 19 a month to the average customer bill. No opposition was in evidence as the authority voted at a public meeting at its headquarters here. Several supporters praised the proposal as a way to move the electric system off fossil fuels to slow climate change, and as an engine for jobs. But much remains to be done before those benefits materialize. First, the developers must study and map the ocean floor to determine precisely where and how to anchor each turbine, and then go through the federal and state permitting processes. The farm is to begin transmitting power by the end of 2022, so Deepwater would need to start construction no later than 2020. “We think that thousands of megawatts are going to be built off the coast of the United States in the coming decades,” Mr. Grybowski said. “It’s an enormous clean energy resource. It’s easy for us to tap into it, but we need projects to get from essentially one project to these thousands of megawatts. ”",0
8823,Tucker Carlson: Kathy Griffin Is the ’Perfect Embodiment of What the Modern Left Believes’ - Breitbart,"During the opening monologue of “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” host Tucker Carlson offered his thoughts on last week’s controversy involving Kathy Griffin holding up a severed bloodied mannequin head of President Donald Trump.  After apologizing, Griffin later held a news conference and declared herself to be the victim, to which Carlson said was a signal of her embodiement of the left. Transcript as follows: Earlier this week, as you just saw, Kathy Griffin released a video of herself posing with a bloody mannequin head made up to look like President Trump, comedy that failed completely, nobody thought it was funny. As performance art, it was lame, least creative stunt of the week by far. As a political statement it didn’t even make any sense but it did have the effect of briefly making Griffin famous again and of course, that was likely the whole point. Today, Griffin elbowed her way back into the news cycle holding a press conference with celebrity misery chaser Lisa Bloom, here’s part of what she said. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) KATHY GRIFFIN,   COMEDIAN: Imagine that I participated in. That apology absolutely stands. I feel horrible. I have performed in war zones, the idea that that people think of this tragedy, have been touched by this tragedy is horrifying and it’s horrible. Thrust me, if I could redo the whole thing, I would’ve had a blowup doll and no catch up. I’m going to make fun of the President and, you know, what, I’m going to make fun of him more now, more. I’m not afraid of Donald Trump, he’s a bully. I’ve dealt with older white guys trying to keep me down my whole life, my whole career. I just wanted to say, you know, if you don’t stand up, you get run over. And what’s happening to me has never happened ever in the history of this great country. Which is that a sitting president of the United States and his grown children and the First Lady are personally I feel personally trying to ruin my life forever. This is America, and you shouldn’t have to die for it. The death threats that I’m getting are constant and they are detailed and they are serious and they are specific. And today it’s me, and tomorrow it could be you. I don’t think I will have a career after this. I think he  —   I’m going to be honest, he broke me. And then I was like, no, this isn’t right, it’s just not right. There’s a bunch of old white guys trying to silence me and I’m just here to say that’s wrong. CARLSON: That’s just unbelievable, I don’t know where to begin. Kathy Griffin isn’t particularly talented or amusing, he does have a point, it’s a little disproportionate for all of us to keep so much attention on someone who probably shouldn’t be famous in the first place, so why are we doing this segment? Because whether she realizes it or not and I bet she has no idea, Griffin is an important figure in American life and that she’s the perfect embodiment of what the modern left beliefs. Consider carefully what she said today. Griffin publicly fantasizes violently about murdering the President yet she holds a press conference to announce she’s the one who has been wronged. Trump and his family bullied her she says, so have unnamed older white guys who have oppressed her despite giving her a series of very high paying jobs. In other words, she is the real victim here. Of course she is, liberals are always the victims. Being the victim is virtually what it means to be a member of the progressive America. It has more benefits it turns out than AAA and it’s free. It means never having to say you’re sorry, it also means being right even when you’re wrong. Victimhood is the modern equivalent of holiness, it excuses anything. That’s why liberals will say almost anything no matter how ludicrous to get it. Do you remember when President Obama the most powerful human being in history use to imply that he was somehow the victim of racial bias? Did you catch Hillary Clinton the other day, a woman so rich and pampered, she hasn’t driven her own car in 30 years complain that sexism prevented her from becoming even richer and more pampered. Before you laugh, remember that overpaid sports figures make these kinds of claims all the time, entertainers  —   even TV anchors and now even   unfunny comedians. We see a trend here because there is one. Wait, if the most powerful and richest people on the planet can be victims, who can’t be a victim? Good question. The most remarkable thing about victimhood as that it allows the alleged victims to commit to the very offenses they are complaining about. They will punch you in the face and accuse you of assault. Or more specifically smash you in the head with the bike lock and then complain you’re making them feel unsafe. They’ll crush a bible club at a school that never even been to and then tell you that other people’s beliefs oppressed them. They will take over a college campus forcing spineless administrators to enact every one of their demands and then claimed to be powerless victims of a climate of racism. And then they will conduct a nationwide   for Christian small businesses trying to shut them down if they don’t violate their own faith. They will throw illiterate refugees into   public schools and call you a bigot for questioning it. Oh, well, they fled a $50, 000 a year private schools for their own kinds. And then of course, they will fly private even as they berate you for destroying the world with your SUV. It used to be that the point of running a country was to make things better for the people who live there. That has changed. Now the goal, it’s almost explicit is to achieve moral superiority over the population often while making their lives worse. It’s quite a trick and victimhood makes it possible. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",0
8824,Study: Fracking Does Not Contaminate Groundwater - Breitbart,"A new study conducted by Duke University found that hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, has not contaminated the groundwater in West Virginia. [Duke’s study found that the claim by many environmentalists that fracking contaminates the groundwater does not hold up, because the groundwater was already contaminated from methane and salts before the fracking occurred.  “Based on consistent evidence from comprehensive testing, we found no indication of groundwater contamination over the   course of our study,” Avner Vengosh, the professor of geochemistry and water quality at Duke’s Nicholas School of the Environment, said. Vengosh and other scientists concluded that, while fracking did not contaminate the groundwater, accidental spills of fracking wastewater could pose a threat to surface water in the area. ”However, we did find that spill water associated with fracked wells and their wastewater has an impact on the quality of streams in areas of intense shale gas development,” Vengosh added. “The   assessment,” he continued, “is that groundwater is so far not being impacted, but surface water is more readily contaminated because of the frequency of spills. ” Researchers collected water samples from 112 drinking wells in northwestern West Virginia and studied them over a three year period. They sampled 20 of the water wells before drilling or fracking started in the area in order to obtain a baseline for later comparisons. Duke’s study draws similar conclusions to the scientific studies from regulatory bodies, academics, and the U. S. Geological Survey (USGS) that determined that fracking has not contaminated groundwater or drinking water.",0
8825,"A Trump Inauguration Casualty: The Silent, Smiling Rockettes - The New York Times","Like hundreds of young dancers before her, Phoebe Pearl dropped everything to become a Rockette. Ms. Pearl was 19 when she quit the Boston Conservatory in 2009 to join the elite group of dancers  —   strong, athletic and poised  —   who are as emblematic of New York City as the Empire State Building and the yellow taxi cab. For eight years, she was proud to be a Rockette, and the company treated her well, with generous pay and health insurance. But in   when management announced that the dancers would perform at the inauguration of Donald J. Trump, Ms. Pearl did something that a Rockette is never supposed to do. She stepped out of line, breaking with the silent, smiling solidarity that defines the    institution, to denounce the idea of celebrating a man with a   history of objectifying women. In a rare collision of presidential politics and a venerable arts organization, current and former Rockettes find themselves in a new kind of spotlight  —   a position both painful and empowering  —   as they take sides over the inauguration, a split illustrating the cultural divide that   Trump has cleaved through the country. “We are a group of women that is encouraging young girls to be strong, independent women, to fulfill their dreams, to go for it,” Ms. Pearl, 27, said in her first interview since the inaugural uproar began. “It’s about women’s rights. ” But Patty DeCarlo Grantham, the president of the Rockette Alumnae Association, which has about 550 members, said that many of them are upset about the furor and support the Rockettes performing at the inauguration, as they did in 2001 and 2005. “So many people wrote to me and said, ‘I feel so ashamed about what’s going on,’” said Ms. Grantham, 76. “We feel like it’s a great honor to be asked to dance. ” Best known as a Christmastime tourist attraction at Radio City Music Hall, the Rockettes are also regarded in artistic circles as some of the finest dancers in New York City. But the controversy has reignited sensitivities within the corps that they are seen as beauty pageant contestants more than skilled performers and that they are easy to lampoon. On last weekend’s episode of “Saturday Night Live,” Alec Baldwin, portraying Mr. Trump, said of the inauguration lineup, “Best of all, we’ve got the one Rockette with the least money in her savings. ” Dottie   a    former Rockette, said, “Here you have the most sophisticated women that are so well respected in this country. ” She added, “To put them on the same stage as this man, to me, is reprehensible. ” The individual Rockettes had no say in the inauguration booking: It was ultimately the decision of James L. Dolan, the executive chairman of the Madison Square Garden Company, which manages the Rockettes. Mr. Dolan is a longtime friend of Mr. Trump and donated to his campaign he has supported both Democrats and Republicans in the past. A company spokesman, Barry Watkins, declined requests for interviews with Mr. Dolan and current leaders and members of the Rockettes. Mr. Watkins, in response to written questions about the Rockettes as well as the inauguration performance, wrote by email, “The New York Times has had an   Trump agenda for quite some time and now the Rockettes are on the receiving end of their bias. ” This article is based on interviews over the last three weeks with Ms. Pearl, who was a Rockette until this month, and nine former Rockettes, as well as others in the extended Rockette organization. Several people spoke anonymously for fear that if they were to speak publicly, the Madison Square Garden Company would take legal action against them. The backlash over the inauguration performance began on Twitter and Facebook after Ms. Pearl wrote a private Instagram post. “I am speaking for just myself, but please know that after we found out this news, we have been performing with tears in our eyes and heavy hearts,” Ms. Pearl wrote. She believes a friend of hers shared her photo with the celebrity gossip blog Perez Hilton. She and her fellow performers would later learn that their performance at the inauguration would not be mandatory, as some feared, but it was too late to stop criticism from strangers who took to social media to tell her to shut up and dance. Supporters wondered whether she and her fellow dancers were under a gag order. A news crew, Ms. Pearl said, showed up at her Harlem apartment. That sort of attention came as a shock within the world of the Rockettes, which is devoted to a particular kind of   synchronicity, where no one person dominates the stage. A Radio City Rockette is a specialist in precision dance technique, a rare, regimented and intricate style that requires both athleticism and artistry. Rockettes must stand between    and       and uphold a standard of elegance, along with an expertise in tap, modern dance, jazz and ballet. They must hit positions with military exactitude. It’s a style that requires a dancer to step into a line  —   not to take over and not to be left behind. It takes fortitude and humility. “You don’t realize how much individuality you have as a dancer until you’re asked to dance like 35 other women,” said Jessica McRoberts, 39, a former Rockette. “Things down to your pinkie finger. ” Under the leadership of Linda Haberman, who began directing and choreographing touring productions of the “Christmas Spectacular” in 1993, the Rockettes gained artistic respect and became modernized with more challenging choreography. Ms. Haberman left the organization in 2014 and declined a request for comment. Despite requests, the Madison Square Garden Company did not make the troupe’s current director, Karen Keeler, available for interviews. The rigors of performing and traveling as a company often allow dancers to form close and lasting bonds, according to Ms. Grantham, the alumnae president, who was a Rockette from 1959 until 1970. Ms. Grantham said that the Rockettes have a long history of performing for presidents and at events in New York City hosted by both Republicans and Democrats. “One time we did benefits for both parties in one night,” she said. “One was at the Sheraton, and the other was at the Hilton. ” This wouldn’t be the first time the Rockettes performed for a controversial president, but the volatile media climate surrounding Mr. Trump’s inauguration is unusual. Rhonda Malkin, a former Rockette who worked as a personal trainer to Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner for two years, said that the Trump and Kushner families were supportive of her career as a Rockette. Once, they attended a performance to see her dance. “I think they would like to see the Rockettes perform at the inauguration,” she said of the Trump family. “Whether or not that causes a rift throughout the brand is yet to be seen. ” Ms. Malkin, 38, said that several of the current Rockettes she knows are upset that a crew of 13   Rockettes were initially told by their union, the American Guild of Variety Artists, that they would be forced to perform. “There are some career Rockettes who are very upset about this,” Ms. Malkin said of the inauguration plans. “I’ve also heard the women of color are very upset. From what I have heard, it has just caused a real rift in the company. ” Ms. Malkin, who was a Rockette for 12 years, said Ms. Pearl “took a real risk” for speaking out, but she doubts that the controversy surrounding the inauguration has caused any lasting damage to the brand. “I would honestly say that the majority of our audience members are white Christian conservative people,” Ms. Malkin said. “And those folks probably supported Trump. ” Of Mr. Dolan, the Madison Square Garden chairman, she added, “He knows those are the people who buy tickets to those shows. ” While the Rockettes are an American symbol  —   as much as Radio City Music Hall or Mr. Trump and his branded buildings  —   the group’s individual dancers remain fairly anonymous. They don’t speak unless deemed   by the Madison Square Garden Company, which has fiercely protected them against criticism surrounding the inauguration. “For a while we weren’t allowed to say, ‘I’m going to be on the ‘Today’ show with the Rockettes tomorrow morning,’” said Naomi Kakuk, 40, a former Rockette. “You’d say: ‘Watch the ‘Today’ show tomorrow  —   you might see a familiar face.’ We couldn’t even say we were on a show that was promoting the show. ” Mr. Dolan has been criticized for making the inauguration deal and guarding the Rockettes from media requests, but several former dancers praised his management style, which include generous benefits. Being a Rockette is among the most lucrative jobs a dancer can get in New York, complete with   health insurance even though the company performs on a seasonal basis. Ms. Kakuk, who loved her time as a Rockette, said, “You get six months of pay for three months of work, and it is six months’ worth of work in three months because it’s so incredibly intense. ” She added that some of the dancers live in New York during the Christmas show and then go home to Wisconsin or Florida to teach. “You have insurance for the year, you have a great paycheck, you do all these fun gigs and side things, and you’re doing the show and dancing on the great stage,” Ms. Kakuk said. “You’re skinny as hell when you get out. You’re bikini ready in January. It’s amazing. ” Cheryl Cutlip, who danced as a Rockette for 15 years and left the company in 2008, said that benefits were ushered in quickly after the TV company Cablevision bought Radio City Music Hall in 1997. Ms. Cutlip, 45, remembered Mr. Dolan meeting with the Rockettes to go over their basic needs. She said he gave them his personal email address. Soon, Rockettes no longer had to rush out of the door to find coffee and a bagel in the   space between performance preparations. “He started bringing food in,” Ms. Cutlip said of Mr. Dolan. “Once he saw the practical needs of the Rockettes, he started meeting them. ” For other former Rockettes, the current controversy reminded them of clashes between the dancers, their union and their corporate employer. Lora Pavilack, a former Rockette, said she had been locked out of the building twice, once for talking to the news media and, another time, during contentious negotiations over a union contract. “That’s the culture,” she said, “and that’s why they’ve lined up with the  . ” Ms. Malkin said that she was also locked out with Ms. Pavilack during contract negotiations in 2005. Madison Square Garden officials declined to comment for this article, but they have said in the past that no one had been locked out during contract negotiations. More than enough Rockettes wanted to perform at the inaugural, but Ms. Kakuk also knows some who are not participating. “I think some of them are done anyway,” she said, “and they were like, ‘This is the last straw, I’m out. ’” Ms. Pearl is one of them. On a recent evening, she ended weeks of silence by taking part in a toast to the First Amendment presented by the Bessies, or the New York Dance and Performance Awards. “People have been calling me courageous,” Ms. Pearl said at the toast, her voice cracking. “But I don’t see it that way. I’m just standing up for human rights. ” Many in the dance world, including Yvonne Rainer, the postmodern giant who was part of the toast, and several former Rockettes, including Ms. Kakuk, have voiced enthusiasm for Ms. Pearl’s action and her talent as a dancer. “When you see her onstage as a Rockette, you watch her,” Ms. Kakuk said. “She’s outspoken but less so than others. It was a bit of a surprise. ” With the latest holiday season behind her, Ms. Pearl has decided to leave the organization and forge a path in film and television. She found inspiration in the actress Meryl Streep, who spoke out against Mr. Trump at the Golden Globes. “She can speak freely,” Ms. Pearl said. “I wish to have the opportunity to speak as freely as I can, without any repercussion. ” But stepping out of the line is just not the Rockettes’ way. “Usually artists are more outspoken,” Ms. Kakuk said, “but Rockettes as a brand is not very outspoken. You work for a giant corporation, and a lot of girls don’t realize that. They just think they’re dancing. ”",0
8826,"If Hillary Wrote An Honest Book, Here’s What It Would Look Like","Pinterest 
Derrick Wilburn writes that with each passing day, more compromising of national security, self-serving and self-enriching behaviors, frauds, scams and general malfeasance on the part of Hillary Clinton come to light via new Wikileaks data dumps. But the news media’s obsession with things Donald Trump has said consistently overshadows things Hillary Clinton has actually done. 
Revelations have now surfaced that Clinton backed the Puerto Rico Debt Relief Bill , a plan to help the financially struggling U.S. commonwealth deal with a $70 billion debt it managed to rack up, after a top Clinton fundraiser –who just happens to be a lobbyist for the Puerto Rican treasury— emailed his brother to discuss the situation. 
Who is this brother? None other than John David Podesta, Chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton campaign. 
The brother, Tony Podesta, has been well-compensated by Puerto Rico. The Puerto Rican treasury department has paid Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman’s brother’s firm nearly two million dollars! 
The email in question is from March 2015. At that point Puerto Rican treasury had already paid Tony’s firm, The Podesta Group, the $1.9 million since enlisting the firm’s services, whatever those are, in 2013. How does a government $70 billion in debt cough up $1.9 million to pay a consultancy firm, and what consulting or services was that firm providing? Specifically. 
Tony Podesta, serving as President of The Podesta Group, emailed his brother with a subject line of “Puerto Rico.” The body of the email asked, “Can you call me today re PR. Need advice not action.” At the time Tony Podesta and other lobbyists in the firm were pushing for passage of congressional legislation to allow Puerto Rico to restructure its debt through a Chapter 9 bankruptcy filing. 
A few months after the email between the Podesta brothers, Clinton officially backed congressional legislation authorizing Chapter 9 proceedings. Amazing timing. 
So Hillary formally backed legislation to relieve Puerto Rico of billions of dollars in debt after her campaign manager’s brother emailed him seeking “advice” and after his client had paid him $1.9 million for “services.” 
What could those services be? Could they be… using one’s connections in Washington to help see to it the passage of a debt relief bill is assured? 
If this doesn’t sound like influence peddling, read on. 
In addition to being her campaign manager’s brother, Tony Podesta is a high-dollar Clinton donor and fundraiser. According to Federal Election Commission filings he has provided “ reportable bundled contributions ” of about $200,000 for the campaign. 
He has also donated between $25,000 and $50,000 to –surprise, surprise– The Clinton Foundation. Is there anyone too shady for this foundation to accept cash from? 
How many instances of cash contributions to the Clinton Foundation in exchange for favors, …allegedly… have there been now? One can barely keep track. We also just learned (also through Wikileaks) that the government of Qatar gave the Clinton Foundation a $1 million check for Bill’s birthday . 
Why would a foreign government, any foreign government, let alone one in the Middle East, give a million dollars as a birthday gift? The secrecy, corruption, payoffs and general level of suspicious activity that surrounds this couple is astounding. 
Exactly what the Podestas talked about isn’t known, but other hacked emails show that Clinton specifically asked her staff to craft public statements in support of Puerto Rican debt relief after the Podesta brothers apparently discussed the issue, but before Hillary publicly backed Chapter 9 proceedings. Could it be that some of that $1.9 million made it into Clinton Foundation bank accounts? 
Congress eventually passed and the president signed a Puerto debt relief package. As of this writing, neither the Clinton campaign nor the Podesta Group had responded to requests for additional information. 
This cozy, cash-laden exchange typifies exactly what Donald Trump has tapped into. Americans by-and-large believe there is so much corruption, so much cronyism, so many snakes in the grasses around Washington that everyone is on the take, everyone is into someone’s pockets and the entire brood is wallowing around in the muck of get-rich politics. Wikileaks having hacked John Podesta’s email account and putting this information into the public domain only confirms the suspicions. 
Of course the other suspicion is that our “mainstream media” is equally corrupt and will not cover stories like this one. Sadly, the American public is mostly right on both counts.",0
8827,"In Rush To Lay Blame, Media Ignores Positive Community Movement In Flint, Michigan","By Chris “Kikila” Perrin Flint, MI — Like any moment of catastrophe that flitters through the mainstream media, the Flint Water Crisis cannot be boiled down to a moment. With media focus... ",0
8828,WikiLeaks TOP 44: Election defined Julian Assange,"WikiLeaks TOP 44: Election defined Julian Assange November 08, 2016 WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange makes a speech from the balcony of the Ecuadorian Embassy, in central London, Britain February 5, 2016. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls/File Photo 
This election will clearly be remembered as the year citizen journalists rocked the status quo. Below are 44 of the most shocking revelations which have come out through WikiLeaks in 2016. 
(WASHINGTON, DC) WikiLeaks has published tens of thousands of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s emails. This is what The Daily Caller believes are the most important findings from them. They expose a corrupt press, Clinton Foundation play for play, cronyism, and the Clintons’ real thoughts on the issues. The Clintons In Private: 
Hillary Told Goldman Sachs America Is Arming Countries That Fund Jihadists ( link ) 
Hillary In Goldman Sachs Speech: People Who Oppose Immigration Are ‘Un-American’ ( link ) 
Bill Clinton Mocked Working Class Voters At Private Fundraiser ( link ) 
Leaked Transcript: Bill Clinton Says ‘Political System Is Rigged’ And Hillary ‘Deserves’ The White House ( link ) 
Leaked Speech: Bill Clinton Calls ‘Coal Country’ Most ‘Anti-Immigrant’ Part Of America ( link ) 
Bill Clinton Told Donors The Border Won’t Be Secure ‘For A Very Long Time’ ( link ) 
Leaked Bill Clinton Speech: Obama Years Left No Hope For White Working Class ( link ) 
Podesta Email: It Would Have Been ‘Better’ If San Bernardino Shooter Had A Stereotypical White Name ( link ) 
Podesta Email: It Would Have Been ‘Better’ If San Bernardino Shooter Had A Stereotypical White Name ( link ) 
Hillary Tells Bankers: ‘My Dream Is Open Borders’ ( link ) 
Hillary Called Saudi Arabia The Number One Exporter Of ‘Extreme Ideology’ In Private, Paid Speech ( link ) 
When Speaking To Donors, Bill Clinton Sounds A Lot Like Donald Trump ( link ) 
Clinton Campaign Knew TPP Switch Was ‘A Huge Flip Flop’ ( link ) Clinton Foundation: 
Clinton Foundation Donors Expected ‘Benefits In Return For Gifts’ ( link ) 
Hillary Wants Clinton Foundation To Keep Accepting Foreign Donations ( link ) 
Clinton Foundation Memo Shows Meetings With Bill Clinton Cost $100,000 ( link ) 
Clinton Campaign Found ‘Huge’ Gender Pay Gap At Clinton Foundation ( link ) 
Bill Clinton Receives ‘Expensive Gifts,’ Is Personally Paid By Clinton Foundation Sponsors ( link ) Clinton Cronyism: 
Clinton Campaign Took Money From Agents For Foreign Interests ( link ) 
Hillary Got $12 Million for Clinton Charity As Quid Pro Quo For Morocco Meeting ( link ) 
Clinton’s Aide’s For-Profit Firm Illegally Raised $150 Million For Clinton Charity ( link ) 
Huma Abedin Granted Access To Hillary Based On Clinton Global Initiative Donor Status ( link ) 
DOJ Official Who Is Friends With John Podesta Offered A ‘Heads Up’ On Clinton Email Developments ( link ) 
Podesta Suggested Coordinating With State Dept. To ‘Hold’ Hillary’s Emails With Obama ( link ) 
Here’s How The Clinton’s Free Private Jet Scam Works ( link ) 
Leaked Emails Show Clinton Campaign Coordinating With Soros Organization ( link ) 
Emails Show Starbucks CEO Advising Clinton Campaign About Hillary’s ‘Brand’ ( link ) 
REVEALED: Liberal Money’s Longterm Strategy To Control Public Opinion And Secure ‘Advantageous’ Demographics ( link ) 
iPay-For-Play: Apple VP Pledges To Play ‘Public Role’ In Exchange For HRC’s ‘Nuanced Encryption Stance’ ( link ) 
Leaked Email Reveals Google Chairman Wanted To Be Clinton Campaign’s ‘Head Outside Advisor’ ( link ) 
Facebook COO In Leaked Email: I Still Want Hillary To Win Badly ( link ) 
Clinton Campaign Planned To Work With Media Matters, Leaks Reveal ( link ) 
Emails Reveal Clintons’‘Sleazy’ And Intricate Relationship With Major Chemical Manufacturer ( link ) 
Clinton Campaign Chair Met With Soros To Talk TPP, Immigration Policies, Leaked Emails Show ( link ) The Cozy Press: 
Leaked Emails: CNN Journalist Refers To ‘GOP Hell,’ Calls Podesta A ‘Star’ ( link ) 
CNN Source Fed Clinton Camp Information ( link ) 
Politico Reporter Sends Story To Hillary Aide For Approval, Admits He’s A ‘Hack’ ( link ) 
Hill’s Shills: Leaks Have Exposed Journalists In Clinton’s Corner ( link ) 
Politico Reporter Was ‘Glad’ Hundreds Of Superdelegates Backed Hillary ( link ) 
Politico Reporter Gets Caught AGAIN Sending A Story To A Clinton Staffer For Approval ( link ) 
Donna Brazile Shared CNN Town Hall Questions With Clinton Camp ( link ) 
Donna Brazile Shared Additional Debate Questions With Clinton Campaign, Identified Her Tipster ( link ) 
Debate Moderator Congratulates Podesta On Nevada Caucus Victory ( link ) 
Chuck Todd Hosted Swanky Dinner Party At His Home For Top Clinton Campaign Official ( link ) 
Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With NYT To Smear State Dept Watchdog ( link )",0
8829,The Cometization of the 2016 Elections: The Role of the Ruling Class,"shorty THE DUOPOLY WATCH | Steven Jonas, MD, MPH Special to The Greanville Post | Commentary No. 63: “The Cometization of the 2016 Elections: The Role of the Ruling Class ” O n July 5, 2016, The Director of the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation, James Comey, shooting like a comet over Washington, D.C., announced that after an extensive investigation, no criminal charges relating to the improper use/protection/transmission of classified documents would be brought against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. At the same time, he launched into an extensive negative analysis of what had been done with emails, sensitive or not, on State Department or private servers, by Mrs. Clinton and members of her staff. That statement, very unusual for an FBI Director to make, had a transitory effect on Clinton’s poll numbers. But at the same time, the Director, in a highly unusual action, little noticed at the time, told leading Republican on the House Intelligence Committee that it would keep them informed of any further developments. As is well-known, just now there have been further developments. Mr. Comey announced publicly that there would be a further investigation of (possible) Clinton emails. He made this announcement before any investigation had begun, much less concluded and before his agents had obtained even so much as a warrant for seizing a lap-top belonging to the estranged husband, Anthony Weiner, of one of Mrs. Clinton’s closest aides, Huma Abedin. This action by Comey was considered to be highly unusual, to say the least, by a variety of sources/authorities, including, for example, The New York Times editorial page . It was even unclear as to whether, after some kind of preliminary evaluation, the previous formal inquiry would be reopened. The U.S. Justice Department strongly discouraged Comey from making such an speculative announcement (as in “their might be a further investigation after we’ve had a look at Mr. Weiner server which — who knows — might simply be filled with photos of Mr. Weiner’s private parts taken from a wide variety of angles”). It appeared as if Mr. Comey himself might be violating the law, that is the 1939 Hatch Act , which prohibits government employees from taking actions close to elections which might influence their outcomes. A Republican, Richard Painter, who worked as the Chief Ethics Officer in the Bush White House (and a Clinton supporter this time around), went so far as to file a formal ethics complaint against Comey, for apparent violation of the Hatch Act (which would be a criminal offense). There have been a variety of political outcomes from the Comey action, ranging from no change in the Clinton/Trump poll numbers to significant changes in them, from no change in the generally predicted Clinton lock on the Electoral College vote to possibly enough of a Trump swing in the swing states to give the election to him. Most observers are not attributing ulterior motives to Mr. Comey. “He made a simple mistake.” “He was trying to be open about what is going on, but he was premature in making such an announcement — poor judgement.” “He was under pressure from Congressional Republicans. Suppose that he had not announced the further investigation [of a bunch of emails that might not even be Clinton’s] in advance of its being undertaken, and then something had come of it after the election? Boy, would they be mad [or worse].” Well, folks, I don’t buy any of it. I think that what Comey did, from the July “even though we have nothing criminal on you you’re a bad girl” speech to the present “we are announcing that an investigation will be starting [once we get a warrant], without any idea that anything further that might be incriminating might be found” is all part of a plan. (And yes, this is a conspiracy hypothesis, but not quite the kind that Alex Jones would come up with.) In 2013 Mr. Comey was given the customary ten-year term appointment as FBI Director by President Barack Obama. (Wonder why in all of this bruhaha from the Democrats Obama gave him a vote of confidence?) A career Federal prosecutor and occasional corporate lawyer who eventually became Deputy Attorney General under Bush , he is a Republican. He has had a reputation for highly ethical behavior. He does not live in a bubble, however. He had to have known that what he was doing when he gave his totally unnecessary speech when he announced “no criminal findings” in the original Clinton emails/server case. While it did not seem to have any long-term political effects, it did stir the political pot at the time. This announcement has the pot boiling. It could swing the election to Trump. Although the conventional wisdom as of Nov. 1, when this column is being written, is that it won’t, because of Clinton’s heavy advantage in the Electoral College, Glenn Beck, an arch-reactionary who happens to be anti-Trump, thinks that Comey’s announcement is “one of the most irresponsible things to ever happen” and could swing the election to Trump. And although unlikely, it could. So how did this happen? Well, Comet Comey has a phone (you can sure that the doesn’t do political stuff by email), and it is as secure a one as can be found. As I have pointed out previously, there is an increasingly large sector of the ruling class, led by some very wealthy hedge fund managers like the one who came to the Trump campaign along with Steve Bannon (from the Cruz campaign). They REALLY want Trump to win: further huge tax cuts for the wealthy and the end of regulation as we know it. My guess is that they got to Comey. What they offered or promised him, if anything at all, is impossible to know. But I do believe that that is what happened. Comey is a long-time Federal lawyer. He is now the Director of the FBI. He had to know about the Hatch Act, and that he would be violating it. He also knows that regardless of the outcome of the election he is never going to be prosecuted for doing so. Until last Friday, Trump was sinking and a number of down-ticket Republicans were going with him. Now, as the result of the “announcement” of something that might or might not happen, Trump is making huge hay of it and could win, and even more importantly the Republicans have a much better chance of holding on to the Senate. This did not happen by accident. An unprecedented announcement in October goes back to an unprecedented speech in July. Unprecedented once? Well, maybe by happenstance. Unprecedented twice? Well, not so much. Postscript: According to the FBI, there is no direct connection between Donald Trump and the Russian Government/business sector. According to a long-time counter-intelligence operative of another country, there are numerous documents showing just such relationships and he gave them to the FBI . Here’s one excerpt: “ Mother Jones has reviewed that report and other memos this former spy wrote. The first memo, based on the former intelligence officer’s conversations with Russian sources, noted, ‘Russian regime has been cultivating, supporting and assisting TRUMP for at least 5 years. Aim, endorsed by PUTIN, has been to encourage splits and divisions in western alliance.’ It maintained that Trump ‘and his inner circle have accepted a regular flow of intelligence from the Kremlin, including on his Democratic and other political rivals.’ It claimed that Russian intelligence had ‘compromised’ Trump during his visits to Moscow and could ‘blackmail him.’ ” This is stuff for an actual investigation. Is there any evidence that one is underway? Well, it would be improper for the FBI to comment on investigations that are still in process (only on those that have not yet begun). But the media are not letting go on this one . Do stay tuned (and remember, I wrote this on November 1). ABOUT THE AUTHOR Senior Editor, Politics , Steven Jonas, MD, MPH is a Professor Emeritus of Preventive Medicine at Stony Brook University (NY) and author/co-author/editor/co-editor of over 30 books. In addition to being Senior Editor, Politics, for The Greanville Post , he is: a Contributor for American Politics to The Planetary Movement ;a“Trusted Author” for Op-Ed News.com ; a contributor to the “ Writing for Godot ” section of Reader Supported News; and a contributor to From The G-Man . He is the Editorial Director and a Contributing Author for TPJmagazine .us . Further, he is an occasional Contributor to TheHarderStuff newslette r , BuzzFlash Commentary , and Dandelion Salad . Dr. Jonas’ latest book is Ending the ‘Drug War’; Solving the Drug Problem: The Public Health Approach, Brewster, NY: Punto Press, available on Kindle from Amazon at http://www.amazon.com/Ending-Drug-War-Solving-Problem-ebook/dp/B01EO9RGKO/ref=sr_1_4?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1461783388&sr=1-4&keywords=Ending+the+Drug+War His most recent book on US politics is The 15% Solution: How the Republican Religious Right Took Control of the U.S., 1981-2022: A Futuristic Novel ( Trepper & Katz Impact Books, Punto Press Publishing, 2013 , Brewster, NY), and available on Amazon.",0
8830,Liberty Links 11/6/16,"Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.",0
8831,Comey: Anthony Weiner Received Classified Clinton Emails - Breitbart,"FBI Director James Comey hit back Wednesday against Democratic criticism of his decision to announce the reopening of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails 11 days before the 2016 election. [He also revealed the investigation found thousands of Clinton’s emails on the seized laptop of Anthony Weiner, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin’s husband, including classified emails.  Comey said it made him “mildly nauseous” to think he could have had some impact on the election, but that he believes he did the right thing and to this day, would not change his mind. “It makes me mildly nauseous to think that we might have had some impact on the election. But honestly, it wouldn’t change the decision,” he told the Senate Judiciary Committee at a hearing. He explained that investigators found metadata on Weiner’s laptop that showed there were thousands of Clinton’s emails on the device, and that they believed the emails could include those missing from her first three months as secretary of state. Comey said after repeatedly telling members of Congress that the FBI had concluded its investigation into Clinton, the only right thing to do was to let Congress know the case was reopened. “I could see two doors and they were both actions. One was labeled ‘speak,’ the other was labeled ‘conceal,’” he said. “Having repeatedly told this Congress, we are done and there’s nothing there, there’s no case there, there’s no case there, to restart in a hugely significant way, potentially finding the   that would reflect on her intent from the beginning and not speak about it would require an active concealment, in my view,” he said. He said “speak would be really bad,” but “concealing in my view would be catastrophic. ” He said he was asked by a junior lawyer whether he thought his decision would help   Donald Trump, but said he did not “for a moment. ” “Not for a moment because down that path lies the death of the FBI as an independent institution in America. I can’t consider for a second whose political fortunes will be affected in what way,” he said. Comey said the investigation into Weiner’s laptop showed that Abedin had regularly forwarded emails to her husband, likely for him to print out for her. He said Abedin forwarded “hundreds of thousands” of emails to Weiner, 40, 000 of which they reviewed. Three thousand of those were   and 12 of them contained classified information, he said. But he said Abedin and Weiner were not charged with any wrongdoing since investigators did not find a general sense of criminal intent  —   a decision that Sens. Lindsey Graham ( ) and Ted Cruz ( ) scoffed at. “On its face, anyone dealing with classified information should know that that conduct is impermissible,” Cruz said. Graham said someone should be prosecuted for allowing Weiner to have access to classified information. Weiner is a former New York congressman who resigned after he was caught sending a sexually explicit photo of himself to a woman. He later was involved in several more similar scandals, and after an article claimed he had engaged in “sexting” with a    girl, investigators seized his laptop. Despite Comey’s impassioned defense of why he announced the investigation, Democrats on the committee continued to criticize him. The FBI director has come under fire from Democrats since Clinton’s loss in November to Trump. Clinton herself on Tuesday said she was “on the way to winning” until Comey’s announcement. “I was on the way to winning until a combination of Jim Comey’s letter on October 28 and Russian WikiLeaks raised doubts in the minds of people who were inclined to vote for me but were scared off,” she said at an international women’s conference. “If the election were on October 27, I’d be your president,” she added. Sen. John Cornyn ( ) during the hearing apologized to Comey for Clinton’s remarks, and said she was blaming “everyone but herself. ”",0
8832,Louisiana Floods Lead to 8 Deaths - The New York Times,"Rescuers navigated submerged streets and neighborhoods in parts of southern Louisiana on Monday, plucking people to safer ground and trying to stay ahead of the   waterways spilling over into new areas. At least eight people died in the flooding, Gov. John Bel Edwards said in a news conference on Tuesday. Tangipahoa and St. Helena Parishes had reported two deaths each by Monday. East Baton Rouge Parish reported three. More than 11, 000 people were in 70 shelters as of Monday, and many more are expected, said Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Governor’s Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness. “The floodwaters are drifting downstream below Baton Rouge,” Mr. Steele said. “That’s the biggest concern now. ” “We have additional rain in the forecast all week, and it is still a threat each day,” he added. The National Weather Service said Monday that significant flooding would continue along bayous and streams that feed into the Amite River through three parishes south of Baton Rouge  —   Iberville, Ascension and St. James. Residents of the Iberville Parish were urged to evacuate on Monday. More than 20, 000 people have so far been evacuated in flooded areas, and that number is expected to continue to rise as rain this week falls on saturated ground, he said. The floods have turned roads into surreal lakes in which the tops of cars and other structures are barely visible, breaking the surface of brown, muddy waters. The rescue of one woman was captured on video and broadcast by a local TV station, WAFB. Rescuers drew up near her submerged convertible car in floodwaters in Baton Rouge over the weekend, but they were unable to extract her from the vehicle until one of them got access through its fabric rooftop. “Oh, my God, I’m drowning,” the woman can be heard saying from inside the car, the station reported. Citizens are helping out, volunteering their time and boats to go house to house to pick up residents in trouble. Firefighters, the National Guard and the Coast Guard, using helicopters and small   boats, were among those who have also joined the effort. President Obama has declared four parishes north and east of Baton Rouge  —   Tangipahoa, St. Helena, East Baton Rouge and Livingston  —   as disaster areas, making them eligible for federal assistance. Mr. Steele said additional parishes were likely to be added to the federal emergency funds list and he urged residents to take advantage of the assistance. State government offices were closed in at least 27 parishes, nearly half of the state’s 64 parishes, officials said. The floods submerged neighborhoods and highways after days of heavy storms in southern Louisiana, stretching from the parishes to the north and east of Baton Rouge west past the city of Lafayette over the weekend. Those stranded by the waters found themselves further marooned by a huge cellular network failure. Two of the victims of the flooding were in vehicles that were swept off the road one was a man who drowned after he slipped and fell in the waters during a rescue and the fourth was a man who had been swept away on Friday and whose body had been found on Sunday morning, a reporter for   a local news station, said on Facebook. The Town Talk of Alexandria, La. reported that a fifth person died on Sunday when her car was swept into a ditch. Ms. Faulkner had no further details about the sixth death. Law enforcement officers in the   areas have told state officials they expect the death toll to climb. Many houses have lost power and cellphone service, complicating the rescue process as emergency workers rely on   . Jim Hawthorne, a retired radio broadcaster, stood on his front porch in floodwaters nearly up to his hips on Sunday, saying “hey, hey” to capture the attention of a passing boat motoring down the street in the Park Forest neighborhood of Baton Rouge where he lived with his wife, Carol. “I heard the boat. We were laying there reading. I had the windows open. I said, ‘Carol, that boat is real close,’” Mr. Hawthorne told The Advocate. “I waded through the water and went out the front door. I could still see the waves rippling from the boat. “I yelled as loud as I could, and they heard me,” the    said. “I was in water up to my   . I was yelling, ‘HEY! HEY!’ The motor stopped and they came around and came back. ” They were rescued.",0
8833,Mike Pences Plane Slides off Runway at LaGuardia,Mike Pence's Plane Slides off Runway at LaGuardia page: 1 Mike Pence's campaign plane has slid off a runway at LaGuardia. No injuries have been reported at this time. This is a developing story. Campaign plane carrying Gov Mike Pence skids off runway while landing at LaGuardia Airport Watch on facebook edit on 27-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given) he was going to a fundraiser and it appears he is not going anymore. edit on 27-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given),0
8834,16-Years-Old smdh. He’s Only a Child.,"16-Years-Old smdh. He’s Only a Child. 
Andrew Anglin October 27, 2016 Click to enlarge 
As I’ve said for a long time now, it appears that Neo-Nazi satirists have infiltrated the Jewish media and are using their positions to mock the insane depths to which Jew lies have sunk. 
Seriously, if I was running the Guardian, I would absolutely run this on the cover: a picture of a 40-something Negro crying, with the headline that he’s a child and a caption saying he’s 16-years-old. 
If I was going to push it further than this, I would print the lyrics to Eric Clapton’s “Tears in Heaven” in the sidebar. And I am predicting now that they are going to use this song in a video about Calais migrants having no where to go now that the French Nazis burned their camp. Or rather, now that they burned their own camp because the French Nazis told them they had to leave and it is “their tradition” ( IRL quote from French official ) to burn their homes when they leave them. 
Would you know my name If I saw you in heaven? Would it be the same If I saw you in heaven? 
I must be strong‘Cause I know I don’t belong Here in heaven 
Would you hold my hand If I saw you in heaven? Would you help me stand If I saw you in heaven? 
I’ll find my way Through night and day‘Cause I know I just can’t stay Here in heaven 
Time can bring you down Time can bend your knees Time can break your heart Have you begging please, begging please 
Beyond the door There’s peace I’m sure And I know there’ll be no more Tears in heaven 
Would you know my name If I saw you in heaven? Would you be the same If I saw you in heaven? 
I must be strong‘Cause I know I don’t belong Here in heaven",0
8835,"Democrats Contaminate Cliven Bundy Jury Pool with 700,000 Mailers Falsely Connecting Him to Las Vegas Cop Killers","In fact, the media jumped all over the false narrative the Miller and his wife were tied to the Bundy's, labeling them right wing extremist terrorists , and attempting to use the propaganda for advancing attacks on the Second Amendment . The media never mentioned the fact that the Millers were involved in the Occupy Movement and it never informs the public that they were Vegas police informants . 
What's worse is that this attempt to smear patriots for standing against the illegal and unconstitutional acts of the DC government and their willing accomplices in the Bureau of Land Management, FBI, and corrupt politicians, both in DC and local, is the fact that this was already dealt with once as Constitutional Sheriff Richard Mack was wrongly connected to the Millers. 
Deb Jordan adds , ""Las Vegas Metro Police and the Clark County Sheriff's Department cannot produce any report of violence or destruction of property during the Bundy Civil Rights Protest, except in those instances where the Bureau of Land Management were the perpetrators."" 
""Sheriff Douglas Gillespie, the then Sheriff of Clarke County said at the time, there was no direct link to the couple's killing spree and Cliven Bundy – noting that the two had arrived in Las Vegas in January of 2014 and that they had their own agenda for starting a revolution,"" she added. ""Gillespie made clear he had seen NO evidence that the Miller's had come to Nevada seeking out Cliven Bundy."" 
Nevada Assemblywoman Michele Fiore also took time to call out this injustice . 
""This mailer is completely unacceptable she said, and somebody needs to be held accountable for putting this false narrative in Nevada mailboxes,"" she said. ""Clearly the Bundy's Civil Rights were being violated by a United States Government – Terrorist Organization – known as the BLM, and we all saw it happening with our own eyes. I was not the only elected official at that protest and what I want to know is, where the hell are they now?"" 
Fiore also said : 
The level of propaganda being allowed by the Democratic Party must come to an end. We have men whose lives are on the line here in Nevada, and poisoning the jury pool with a downright lie must be dealt with. Not only do we have a case here that is already out of balance because it is being overseen by Judge Gloria Navarro, a left winger who was recommended by Harry Reid and appointed by Barack Obama, and Steven Myhre a Liberal Prosecutor who could obviously care less about fairness and truth, now we add to that more unfairness by allowing a left-wing propaganda machine to send out the message, that Cliven Bundy is directly responsible for the death of two of our Metro Police officers. 
This case should be awarded a change in venue in the fairness of law, and my peers should stop being cowards and get back to representing the truth about this case. 
Cliven Bundy held a peaceful protest on his own property and even though the Federal Government was not invited, they came anyway. 
They literally beat up on his family, set trained snipers on hillsides overlooking his ranch, came at them with stun guns and dogs, tried to restrict them to a first amendment area, killed and buried their cattle on public lands – in mass graves, threatened everyone who came to a lawful protest with lethal force, had armed helicopters and drones flying all over the place, and now they honestly want the American people to believe the Bundy's were the bad guys — come on … 
The Government has stacked the odds against these men, and I am telling you right now; 
I will not stand by and watch them be railroaded by a bunch of left-wing extremist and sent to prison for crimes they did not commit. 
This case should not only be moved out of the State of Nevada, it should be dismissed altogether. 
I have no regrets for doing the right thing here when it comes to the Bundy's — As hard as it is, I would rather lose every single race for office, before I would lose one nights sleep knowing I had betrayed them ."" 
Fiore is correct. The men in Nevada were more peaceful than the agents who surrounded them. So, what are you going to do America? Will you sit quietly by at your keyboard and rage at the machine, or will you take action? 
You can contact the responsible party here: Address : 6233 Dean Martin Dr, Las Vegas, NV 89118",0
8836,"In Sagaponack, Betting the Farm on Boutique Vodka - The New York Times","“The earth is gold to farm,” said Dean Foster, who learned before he was in kindergarten how to drive a tractor on his family’s potato farm in Sagaponack, N. Y. As a child, he never questioned going into the family business, which has been growing potatoes on the East End of Long Island for generations. “But now we have an influx of people who realize this earth is gold to build on. ” In 2015, Sagaponack, a village in the Hamptons, was listed by Forbes as the second most expensive ZIP code in the country. Not great news for the humble potato farmer. If they had been looking to sell, the Fosters would have been set for life local brokers estimated the value of their 150 acres at over $100 million this past summer. That may seem like a gold strike, but it would have required them to give up the family’s legacy. “Our land values have gone through the roof,” Mr. Foster’s sister, Marilee Foster, said. “And most of our adult lives, we’ve worried. ” The answer to their problems, unexpectedly, has turned out to be vodka. “The New York Craft Act really kicked me in the pants,” Mr. Foster said, referring to the law signed in late 2014 by Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, which eased regulations on     producers. It was a call to the hipsters who had been making bathtub gin, but it was also a call to farmers who had been searching for a way to survive. “It opened the doors to one of the best   products you could bring forward,” Mr. Foster said, “and allowed us to step up the game. ” He is betting the farm on Sagaponacka, the vodka produced in his new Sagaponack Farm Distillery. Thirty years ago, the Fosters’ biggest business was exporting potatoes to Puerto Rico, and they sent out five   trailers a day, five days a week. This year, the Fosters have shipped only three trailer loads since the start of the harvest in  . “That market really disappeared with Nafta,” Mr. Foster said, referring to the North American Free Trade Agreement, which took effect in the United States, Canada and Mexico in 1994. “That was the beginning of the end for exports. ” And the local market has been no kinder. Last year, the Fosters were getting 11 cents, at the most, for a pound of potatoes, down from an average of 22 cents a pound in 2009. Add to that the rising minimum wage, the cost of machinery and an impending inheritance tax, and the farmers felt doomed. “The inheritance tax reflects on our net worth regarding this very expensive land we reside on,” Mr. Foster said. “After all is said and done, we’ll have given away 60 percent of our net worth to the government. ” Even though the New York Agricultural Districts Law, enacted in 1971, eased the strain of the property tax on the farmer, the Fosters won’t have the cash to pay the inheritance tax when the farm changes hands. A potato farmer’s income just doesn’t line up with Sagaponack prices if they don’t find a way to make their land more profitable, they will have to sell it. “If the farm wasn’t worth so much,” Mr. Foster said, “we wouldn’t be lying awake at night trying to figure out how we can save it. ” So Mr. Foster decided to shift his focus from the plate to the martini glass by developing a   premium vodka made with Foster potatoes. He collaborated with Matt Beamer, who has stood at the forefront of the craft beer movement in Utah, brewing at companies like Uinta Brewing and Wasatch Brewery. In 1997, Mr. Beamer began Park City Brewery, which was subsequently purchased by Moab Brewery and has continued to grow. “Craft brewers changed the beer world in the last 30 years,” Mr. Beamer said. “And a lot of people like me are getting into spirits now. ” For Mr. Beamer, the appeal of the project is the story behind the vodka, which is usually made from grain and doesn’t often have ingredients that distinguish one batch from another. “The ingredients are unique to here, and have their own terroir,” he said. “We’re trying to capture Sagaponack. ” To be a farm distillery in New York, 75 percent of the ingredients used must be sourced within the state. Brooklyn has become a frontier for budding distillers, where nine of New York City’s 13 farm distilleries have appeared since 2010. Kings County Distillery, established that year, has the distinction of being the first distillery in the city since prohibition. Now the movement is booming. In fact, the Fosters and their Sagaponack potatoes are a little bit late to the party. “There’s a new brand fatigue,” said Colin Spoelman,   of Kings County Distillery and a master distiller. “It’s harder to get on the shelf unless there’s something really compelling, something very different than what everyone else is doing. ” And Sagaponack Farm Distillery has something that others do not. Unlike the vast majority of distilleries in New York, which source ingredients from farms all over the state, Mr. Foster and Mr. Beamer are trying to gather all of their ingredients from Foster Farm, where their distillery is also located. There they have total control over the process, growing, harvesting, washing, peeling and then grinding the potatoes for distillation, on the property. They opened their research and development distillery in May 2015. The large still, a tower of gleaming copper, was completed this summer. The distillery recently received federal approval to make vodka from this year’s potato harvest, which is currently underway. Soon, it will start producing up to 70, 000 gallons of sellable spirits a year. Mr. Foster and Mr. Beamer hope to have the tasting room open by next summer. In the meantime, several restaurants and liquor stores in the city and across the East End are eagerly awaiting the arrival of the vodka with the Sagaponack terroir. David Loewenberg, who owns three   Hamptons restaurants, is already brainstorming what cocktails will best suit the newest vodka on the block. “I’m sure it will make an outrageous Bloody Mary,” he said. Whether it’s the wine tap stocked with local wines or the Pine Barrens single malt from the North Fork of Long Island, Mr. Loewenberg supports what he calls “local swill. ” “At one point this was all farmland,” he said. “And the Fosters have found a way to keep farming by being creative with the product. Making vodka is still living off the land, and I support it. ” Mr. Beamer sees distributing their products to city restaurants and bars as crucial to the company. “Given the size of our equipment,” he said, gesturing to the towering   copper stills, “a major part of our vision is distributing in the city. ” Last year the Fosters grew 180 acres of potatoes this year they grew 75. In 2017, that number will dwindle to 20 as they focus production on the distillery and a handful of restaurants, eliminating sales on the open market entirely. The rest of their land will be turned to grain, which will be used to produce more strains of premium alcohol at Sagaponack Farm Distillery. Wheat, rye, barley, oats and corn will all find a place in their soil. The hope is to eventually produce enough grains to sell to other New York farm distilleries. “This is an effort to continue in something we see value and purpose in,” Ms. Foster. “We don’t imagine stopping farming. ”",0
8837,Ann Coulter: ’Immigrant Privilege’ Drives Child Rape Epidemic,"Before breathing a sigh of relief that, unlike Western Europe, we don’t have Muslim rapists pouring into our country, recall that we have Mexican rapists pouring into our country. [Almost all peasant cultures are brimming with rapists, pederasts and child abusers. Latin America just happens to be the peasant culture closest to the United States, while the Muslims are closest to Europe.  According to North Carolinians for Immigration Reform and Enforcement, immigrants commit hundreds of sex crimes against children in North Carolina every month  —   350 in the month of April 2014, 299 in May, and more than 400 in August and September. More than 90 percent of the perpetrators are Hispanic. They aren’t even counting legal immigrants. Aren’t those worse? Only certain Republicans get excited about the difference between legal and illegal immigrants. The rest of America is trying to understand the point of the last 40 years of legal immigration. Why was this necessary? Below is a very short excerpt from a few days in November 2013. As Stalin is supposed to have said, sometimes quantity has a quality all its own.  —   Bundez, Jose, Juan (  ): Felony Sex Offense  —   Parental Role,  —     Jersson: Felony First Degree Sexual Offense Felony First Degree Rape Felony First Degree Kidnapping,  —   Aguilar, Rafael (  ): Felony Indecent Liberties With Child,  —   Aguilar, Rigoberto, Castellano (  ): Felony First Degree Rape Felony Indecent Liberties With Child Felony Stat   Offn Def&  =6yr Felony Indecent Liberties With Child 13. The list, for a single month in a single state, goes on in the same vein through 87 separate offenders. When not providing North Carolina meatpackers with cheap labor, immigrant workers seem to spend all their time raping little girls. To be fair, there are also Asian names, such as Y’Hon Nie (Indecent Liberties With Child, First Degree Sex   Second Degree Sexual Offense) and David Vo Minh (First Degree Sex   Indecent Liberties With Child). North Carolina’s cheap labor advocates better be paying Sen. Thom Tillis well. It sure isn’t the average North Carolinian demanding that he shill for amnesty. Illegal immigration alone costs North Carolina taxpayers billions of dollars per year. Our nation’s epitaph, with a photo of Sen. Tillis, could be: “We built a powerful economic engine that attracted people, but then some businessmen saw their chance to screw the country and make a pile for themselves. Let’s bring in   workers so we can externalize our costs to the taxpayer!” Except North Carolina’s businesses aren’t just externalizing their costs to the taxpayers. They’re externalizing their costs to little girls. The reason websites like North Carolinians for Immigration Reform and Enforcement are so important is that the government and the media hide immigrant crime from the public. They cite bogus studies that compare immigrants to America’s criminal class. (We didn’t want immigrants who are only slightly less criminal than our worst inner cities.) Or they announce their impressionistic conclusions. (I heard about a crime in Montana  —   that state must have a lot of crime, is not a scientific way to argue.) Or they refuse to count any criminal without an ICE detainer against him as an immigrant, at all. (Is the court translator a hint that the defendant isn’t a   American?) The way to determine how many immigrants are committing crime is to count them. Why does the government refuse to do this? The number of immigrants in prison would be a good start, but that’s only the tip of the iceberg. Immigrant criminals flee back to their own countries after arrest. Prosecutors deport illegals rather than imprison them  —   and then the illegals come right back. Some George   prosecutors allow illegals to plea guilty to some minor offense, to prevent them from being deported. To get the full picture, government investigators will need to talk to crime victims, police and prosecutors, too. And we want honesty  —   not studies that count anchor babies and   immigrants as “the native population. ” The media is the government’s   in hiding immigrant crime. I have approximately 1, 000 examples of media subterfuges on immigrant crime in Adios, America! The Left’s Plan to Turn Our Country Into a Third World Hellhole. Here are a few recent examples from Sen. Tillis’ North Carolina. Headline: “Burke County man convicted of raping    girl,” Charlotte Observer, Feb. 1, 2017 (Ricardo Solis Garcia  —   an illegal whom Mexico refused to take back) Headline: “Burlington man charged with child rape,” The Times News, Jan. 19, 2017 (Felipe Samuel Rivera Rodriguez) Headline: “Angier man accused of having sex with    girl,” The Fayetteville Observer, Aug. 29, 2016 (Estevan Roberto Silva). NOTE TO READERS: The North Carolina Estevan Roberto Silva  —   sex with a    girl  —   should not be confused with the Texas Esteban Villa Silva  —   sex with a    girl about 60 times  —   or the Alabama Esteban Silva Jr.  —      man convicted of sex with a    girl. All these child rapes were revealed in coded headlines like “Man pleads to sexual relationship with girl. ” Other informative North Carolina headlines: Headline: “Man, 42, arrested for sexual offense with girl under 13” (Carlos Gumercindo Crus) Headline: “Man charged with sexual assault of a minor” (Jose Freddy  ) Headline: Man Pleads Guilty in Child Rape Case (Luis  ). It’s too relentless to be a coincidence. There have been more stories in the American media about a rape by white lacrosse players that didn’t happen than about thousands of child rapes in North Carolina that did. I’m pretty sure our media is opposed to rape. But evidently, not as opposed as they are to America.",0
8838,Trump: Hillary would lead to World War 3,"Trump: Hillary would lead to World War 3 Due to potential for conflict with nuclear-armed Russia Published: 28 mins ago 
(REUTERS) — DORAL, Florida — U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Democrat Hillary Clinton’s plan for Syria would “lead to World War Three,” because of the potential for conflict with military forces from nuclear-armed Russia. 
In an interview focused largely on foreign policy, Trump said defeating Islamic State is a higher priority than persuading Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down, playing down a long-held goal of U.S. policy. 
Trump questioned how Clinton would negotiate with Russian President Vladimir Putin after demonizing him, and blamed President Barack Obama for a downturn in U.S. relations with the Philippines under its new president, Rodrigo Duterte.",0
8839,Bernie Sanders Refuses to Concede Nomination to Hillary Clinton - The New York Times,"Senator Bernie Sanders said on Sunday that he would “take our campaign for transforming the Democratic Party into the convention,” refusing to concede the presidential nomination to Hillary Clinton though not explicitly saying he would challenge her for it. Mrs. Clinton earned enough delegates to clinch the nomination last week, but Mr. Sanders has declined to end his campaign. He has contended that he could persuade enough superdelegates, the party leaders who have overwhelmingly backed Mrs. Clinton, to switch their support to him by arguing that he would be the stronger candidate against Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee. That plan became more improbable last week as   Democrats supported Mrs. Clinton. President Obama endorsed her on Thursday, calling her the most qualified candidate ever to seek the White House and imploring Democrats to unite behind her. Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts also endorsed Mrs. Clinton. Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon, the only senator to endorse Mr. Sanders, told CNN on Friday that he now supports Mrs. Clinton. In recent days, Mr. Sanders appeared to acknowledge the odds against him, and began speaking less about beating Mrs. Clinton and more about working to defeat Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee. On Sunday, he gathered with about 20 key supporters and advisers at his home in Burlington, Vt. to discuss how to proceed. “We are going to take our campaign to the convention with the full understanding that we are very good at arithmetic and that we know, you know, who has the received the most votes up to now,” Mr. Sanders said after the meeting, standing on his front lawn with his wife, Jane. Among the dozen or so people who attended the gathering were Benjamin T. Jealous, a former president of the N. A. A. C. P. Congressman Raúl M. Grijalva of Arizona Nina Turner, a former Ohio state senator and Bill McKibben, the environmentalist and author. Notably, Mr. Sanders also said he would continue his efforts aimed at “transforming the Democratic Party,” a sign that his main goal may no longer be to become the nominee. Besides defeating Mr. Trump, advisers say his focus is to get his ideas, like universal health care and free public college, reflected in the party platform. Refusing to concede and release his delegates to vote for Mrs. Clinton could be a negotiating tactic for winning concessions on the platform. If his delegates tried to nominate Mr. Sanders from the floor of the convention next month, the scene could damage Mrs. Clinton at a time she is trying to project strength and party unity. In recent days, it had been unclear whether Mr. Sanders intended to stay in the race, and even on Sunday he did not rule out the possibility that he would formally concede the nomination in the coming days. After he met with Mr. Obama on Thursday he said he looked forward to exploring how he could work with Mrs. Clinton “to defeat Donald Trump and to create a government which represents all of us and not just the 1 percent. ” Then he held a rally that night in Washington urging voters to cast ballots for him on Tuesday in the nation’s final primary. When asked by Chuck Todd on Sunday’s “Meet the Press” on NBC whether he was an “active candidate,” he responded that he wanted to see Mr. Trump defeated. Mr. Sanders said that he and Mrs. Clinton planned to meet on Tuesday and that he would ask her “whether she will be vigorous in standing up for working families in the middle class, moving aggressively in climate change, health care for all, making public colleges and universities  . ” “And after we have that kind of discussion and after we can determine whether or not we are going to have a strong and progressive platform,” he said, “I will be able to make other decisions. ” There have been signs that he was winding down his run. While Mrs. Clinton has been hiring campaign workers, Mr. Sanders started laying off at least half of his campaign staff members last week. He has let go of a number of advance staff members who help with campaign logistics, as well as field workers who have been canvassing for votes. According to a person who attended the meeting at Mr. Sanders’s home Sunday, and who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe a private gathering, there was no talk from Mr. Sanders about trying to win the nomination. The group was keenly interested in how the senator’s meeting with Mrs. Clinton on Tuesday will turn out, and whether he would get assurances that she would fight for his ideas, this person said. While he is effectively no longer a threat, Mrs. Clinton and the Democrats are counting on Mr. Sanders to eventually get behind her candidacy. He has a loyal base of more than 10 million voters and an enormous donor list that Mrs. Clinton will want to tap into. Some of his supporters say they will not vote for anyone but Mr. Sanders, so Mrs. Clinton’s success may depend on how vocally the senator supports her.",0
8840,Robert Durst Pleads Not Guilty to 2000 Murder in Los Angeles - The New York Times,"LOS ANGELES  —   Robert A. Durst, the multimillionaire whose bizarre life of privilege and mayhem was the subject of a 2015 documentary, was arraigned here on Monday on charges of murdering a onetime confidante 16 years ago. Mr. Durst is accused of having shot his friend, Susan Berman, to stop her from revealing any secrets behind his first wife’s disappearance in 1982. Ms. Berman was shot once in the back of the head in her Benedict Canyon home shortly after Mr. Durst said she told him that the authorities in New York wanted to talk to her about what happened to his wife. Mr. Durst, 73, sitting in a wheelchair and wearing a neck brace, appeared before Judge Mark Windham in Los Angeles County Superior Court and entered a plea of not guilty. He had orange prison slippers on his feet. Answeringa procedural question from the judge, Mr. Durst said in a hoarse, low voice: “I am not guilty. I did not kill Susan Berman. ” Later, outside the courthouse, his lead defense lawyer, Dick DeGuerin, said the same thing. “Bob is not guilty,” Mr. DeGuerin said. “He did not kill Susan Berman. He doesn’t know who did. ” Deputy District Attorney John Lewin said the state would not seek the death penalty against Mr. Durst. Both sides agreed to convene again on Feb. 15 to set the date for a preliminary hearing. Mr. Durst was arrested in New Orleans in March 2015 on a murder warrant issued in Los Angeles. He subsequently pleaded guilty to the illegal possession of a firearm. On Friday, he was transferred here from federal prison in Terre Haute, Ind. to stand trial. Suspicions have surrounded Mr. Durst since 1982, when his first wife, Kathleen Durst, disappeared from the couple’s stone cottage in Westchester County, N. Y. His friends and relatives believed that Mr. Durst, a member of the wealthy real estate family that runs the Durst Organization, was involved. He was never charged in connection with the case. Mr. Durst met Ms. Berman during the late 1960s at the University of California, Los Angeles, where they were students. Friends say there was an immediate bond. They came from wealthy families and had lost their mothers at a young age, possibly to suicide. Ms. Berman, the daughter of Davie Berman, a mobster who was a partner in Bugsy Siegel’s Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas, became a journalist and a screenwriter. “We became fast friends,” Mr. Durst said during courtroom testimony in Galveston, Tex. “We were never boyfriend and girlfriend. ” Mr. Durst counted on Ms. Berman to shield him from the press when his wife’s sudden disappearance generated tabloid headlines in New York. He walked her down the aisle when she married at the Hotel Bel Air in Los Angeles in 1984. He left the family business in 1994 after his father, Seymour Durst, appointed his younger brother Douglas to take control of the Durst Organization. He has been estranged from his family since then  —   Douglas is expected to testify for the prosecution in Los Angeles  —   and for years led a peripatetic life, moving restlessly among California, New York and Texas, even as he became a suspect in three murders. But it was Mr. Durst’s own hubris that brought his freewheeling ways to an end. Beginning in 2010, he agreed to participate in the documentary  —   “The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst”  —   about his life and the murder allegations, which was eventually broadcast on HBO in February and March 2015. His friends and lawyers had advised him not to participate for fear of antagonizing prosecutors. But Mr. Durst told The New York Times he thought there was “no reason I shouldn’t say anything I want to anyone I want,” because it was unlikely that any prosecutor would undertake a “ ” investigation for a couple of cold cases. In “The Jinx,” Mr. Durst said Ms. Berman contacted him in October 2000 saying the authorities wanted to talk to her about his first wife. In quick succession, he married his current wife, Debrah Lee Charatan, and fled New York, renting modest apartments in Galveston and New Orleans while posing as a mute woman. In December of that year, Ms. Berman’s body was found in her Los Angeles home, the back door open and her dogs running loose. Initially, the police focused not on Mr. Durst but on Ms. Berman’s landlady and her agent. But the authorities came to suspect that Mr. Durst was the author of a short anonymous note sent to the Beverly Hills police the same day Ms. Berman was found dead, saying there was a “cadaver” in her home. The makers of “The Jinx” obtained a letter he wrote to her in which the lettering of the address on the envelope appears identical to that of the “cadaver” note, down to the misspelling of Beverly Hills as “Beverley. ” In 2001, when Mr. Durst was living in Texas, body parts of his elderly neighbor were found floating in Galveston Bay, and Mr. Durst was charged with his murder. He was acquitted in 2003, despite his testimony of how he sat in a pool of blood while cutting up the body. Mr. Durst insisted that the man’s death was an accident and an act of  . Mr. Durst said during a 2015 interview that he did not have “the faintest idea” what happened to Ms. Berman, or to Ms. Durst, although he conceded in “The Jinx” that he had lied to the police about his whereabouts when his wife disappeared  —   “Nobody tells the whole truth,” he said  —   and that their relationship had descended into rounds of “fighting, slapping, pushing. ” “The Jinx” ended with Mr. Durst’s own words in an unguarded moment: “What the hell did I do? Killed them all, of course. ” Just hours before the final episode of the documentary was broadcast, Mr. Durst was arrested in New Orleans. The police feared he was about to flee the country. There is very little forensic evidence in either case and no apparent witnesses as to what happened to either woman. Prosecutors will have to rely on the   memories of the people who knew the two women and Mr. Durst. But Mr. Durst left footprints and provided leads for the authorities when he granted access to the producers of “The Jinx” to his credit card receipts, phone bills and legal papers, which put him in California at the time of Ms. Berman’s killing when he gave a lengthy deposition in 2005 as part of a lawsuit against the Durst family trust and when he spoke for 90 minutes with John Lewin, the Los Angeles prosecutor, after his arrest in New Orleans. But all of that is likely to be the subject of fierce litigation before trial, as the defense moves to exclude the material. Mr. DeGuerin has described “The Jinx” as a “sensationalized docudrama. ” Mr. Durst has also told falsehoods over the years, which could cast doubt over both his protestations of innocence and his damaging admissions. He told Ms. Berman and other friends that he witnessed his mother’s fall or leap from the roof of his childhood home in 1950, but Douglas Durst said that  he was not there. He testified in court in Galveston that he was “relieved” that his father did not hand him the family business, after telling friends in the 1990s that he was so furious with his father that he refused to attend Seymour’s funeral. Even if Mr. Durst is ultimately found not guilty of murder, he will go back to prison to complete his   sentence on the gun charge.",0
