id,title,text,label
22044,"Buchanan on Trump: After the Coup, What Then?"," By Patrick J. BuchananThat the Trump presidency is bedeviled is undeniable.As President Donald Trump flew off for August at his Jersey club, there came word that Special Counsel Robert Mueller III had impaneled a grand jury and subpoenas were going out to Trump family and campaign associates.The jurors will be drawn from a pool of citizens in a city Hillary Clinton swept with 91 percent of the vote. Trump got 4 percent.Whatever indictments Mueller wants, Mueller gets.Thanks to a media that savages him ceaselessly, Trump is down to 33 percent approval in a Quinnipiac University poll and below 40 percent in most of the rest.Before Trump departed D.C., The Washington Post ran transcripts of his phone conversations with the leaders of Mexico and Australia.Even Obama administration veterans were stunned.So, it is time to ask: If this city brings Trump down, will the rest of America rejoice?What will be the reaction out there in fly-over country, that land where the  deplorables  dwell who produce the soldiers to fight our wars? Will they toast the  free press  that brought down the president they elected, and in whom they had placed so much hope?My guess: The reaction will be one of bitterness, cynicism, despair, a sense that the fix is in, that no matter what we do, they will not let us win. If Trump is brought down, American democracy will take a pasting. It will be seen as a fraud. And the backlash will poison our politics to where only an attack from abroad, like 9/11, will reunite us.Our media preen and posture as the defenders of democracy, devoted to truth, who provide us round-the-clock protection from tyranny. But half the nation already sees the media as a propaganda arm of a liberal establishment that the people have rejected time and again.Consider the Post s publication of the transcripts of Trump s calls with Mexico s president and Australia s prime minister.When reporter Greg Miller got these transcripts, his editors, knowing they would damage Trump, plastered them on Page 1.The Post was letting itself be used by a leaker engaged in disloyal and possibly criminal misconduct. Yet the Post agreed to provide confidentiality and to hide the Trump-hater s identity.This is what we do, says the Post. People have a right to know if President Trump says one thing at rallies about Mexico paying for the wall and another to the president of Mexico. This is a story.But there is a far larger story here, of which this Post piece is but an exhibit. It is the story of a concerted campaign, in which the anti-Trump media publish leaks, even criminal leaks, out of the FBI, CIA, NSA and NSC, to bring down a president whom the Beltway media and their deep-state collaborators both despise and wish to destroy.Did Trump collude with Putin to defeat Clinton, the Beltway media demand to know, even as they daily collude with deep-state criminals to bring down the president of the United States.And if there is an unfolding silent coup by the regime Americans repudiated in 2016   to use security leaks and the lethal weapon of a special counsel to overturn the election results   is that not a story worth covering as much as what Trump said to Pena Nieto?Do the people not have a right know who are the snakes collaborating with the Never-Trump press to bring down their head of state? Is not discovering the identities of deep-state felons a story that investigative reporters should be all over?If Greg Miller is obligated to protect his source, fine. But why are other journalists not exposing his identity?The answer suggests itself. This is a collaborative enterprise, where everyone protects everyone else s sources, because all have the same goal: the dumping of Trump. If that requires collusion with criminals, so be it.The Justice Department is now running down the leaks, and the ACLU s Ben Wizner is apoplectic:  Every American should be concerned about the Trump administration s threat to step up its efforts against whistleblowers and journalists. A crackdown on leaks is a crackdown on the free press and on democracy. That s one way to put it. Another is that some of these  whistleblowers  are political criminals who reject the verdict of the American electorate in 2016 and are out to overturn it. And the aforementioned  journalists  are their enablers and collaborators.And if, as Wizner s asserts, protecting secrets is tantamount to a  crackdown on the free press and democracy,  no wonder the free press and democracy are falling into disrepute all over the world.By colluding, the mainstream media, deep state, and the special prosecutor s button men, with a license to roam, may bring down yet another president. So doing, they will validate John Adams s insight: Democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide. This story was originally published at Lew Rockwell.comAuthor Patrick J. Buchanan is co-founder and editor of The American Conservative. He is also the author of Where the Right Went Wrong, and Churchill, Hitler, and the Unnecessary War. His latest book is Nixon s White House Wars: The Battles That Made and Broke a President and Divided America Forever See his website. READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22045,Fiore: Bundy Ranch Case Drags on Because ‘FBI Has No Evidence to Prosecute Them With’,"21st Century Wire says Nevada Assemblywoman Michele Fiore reports for Newsmax TV in Las Vegas, about the ongoing federal trial involving rancher Cliven Bundy and his family. In this video report, Fiore claims to have new  inside information  regarding the federal criminal case which continues to be extended by federal authorities, and where Bundy and his family have been held in federal custody for over 18 months now.According to Fiore, the FBI actually have no evidence to prosecute the Bundys ( based on a raft of inflated charges piled into the original federal complaint here: 298981770-Criminal-Complaint-re-Cliven-Bundy-pdf ), and are relying solely on pressuring fringe actors in the case who are also in custody, in order that they might testify against the Bundys.If Fiore s claims are true, then this could mean good news for the family. Meanwhile, the public must wait and see what will happen next. WATCH: .STAY TUNED FOR MORE UPDATES.READ MORE BUNDY RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bundy Ranch FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22046,"As Predicted, Google Fires Man Who Complained About Firm’s Repressive Political Culture","21st Century Wire says Earlier in the week, 21WIRE reported about the Google employee who released a controversial 3,000 word memo which went internally viral   complaining about the Silicon Valley tech giant s  ideological echo chamber    a repressive, intolerant corporate cultural where political correctness rules, and which only caters to the leftist  progressive  side of the political paradigm. Any other viewpoints or opinions will not be tolerated at Google. The man who wrote the memo as a Google engineer named James Damore, has since been fired for voicing his opinions on the company s politics.As a result of the employee blowing the whistle on this issue, other Google employees, like one Jaana B. Dogan (see tweet below), appear to have threatened to leave the company in protest if Human Resources did not retaliate against the political whistleblower:Google staffer Dogan then goes further, and mocks Damore, by hurling slurs based on racial identity politics:Of course, the irony (not surprisingly, unknown to those at Google) is that Dogan and others  knee-jerk political reaction only proved James Damore s point   that Google has fostered an insular, political and intellectual ghetto which does not tolerate any variance away for the prevailing group-think de jour. In the video released last weekend by YouTube gamer pundit, Mister Metokur, the commentator predicted that,  the person who wrote that memo is probably going to be fired.   Mister Metokur was right. But there s an even bigger aspect to this story Why is all this important? Because that same repressive political culture at Google is reflected in how it programs the new censorship algorithms of its search engine   effectively disappearing political views and articles it does not like, and wishes to bury. Bloomberg Business reports:Alphabet Inc. s Google has fired an employee who wrote an internal memo blasting the web company s diversity policies, creating a firestorm across Silicon Valley.James Damore, the Google engineer who wrote the note, confirmed his dismissal in an email, saying that he had been fired for  perpetuating gender stereotypes.  He said he s  currently exploring all possible legal remedies. The imbroglio at Google is the latest in a long string of incidents concerning gender bias and diversity in the tech enclave. Uber Technologies Inc. Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick lost his job in June amid scandals over sexual harassment, discrimination and an aggressive culture. Ellen Pao s gender-discrimination lawsuit against Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers in 2015 also brought the issue to light, and more women are speaking up to say they ve been sidelined in the male-dominated industry, especially in engineering roles.Earlier on Monday, Google CEO Sundar Pichai sent a note to employees that said portions of the memo  violate our Code of Conduct and cross the line by advancing harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace.  But he didn t say if the company was taking action against the employee. A Google representative, asked about the dismissal, referred to Pichai s memo.Damore s 10-page memorandum accused Google of silencing conservative political opinions and argued that biological differences play a role in the shortage of women in tech and leadership positions. It circulated widely inside the company and became public over the weekend, causing a furor that amplified the pressure on Google executives to take a more definitive stand.After the controversy swelled, Danielle Brown, Google s new vice president for diversity, integrity and governance, sent a statement to staff condemning Damore s views and reaffirmed the company s stance on diversity. In internal discussion boards, multiple employees said they supported firing the author, and some said they would not choose to work with him, according to postings viewed by Bloomberg News. We are unequivocal in our belief that diversity and inclusion are critical to our success as a company,  Brown said in the statement.  We ll continue to stand for that and be committed to it for the long haul. Continue this story at BloombergREAD MORE GOOGLE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Google FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22047,Mid Summer Anger: Oliver Stone Waxes US Establishment’s Russia Conspiracy Theory,"EDITOR S NOTE: We recognize the following eloquent rant posted on Oliver Stone s Facebook page as being of high integrity and congenial to boot. America, and the world, will continue to find itself in peril so long as this sort of measured, thoughtful analysis remains in such short supply in Washington DC. Wake up America, you are now asleep at the wheel. . By Oliver StoneCongress passed its beloved Russia sanctions last week by a vote of 419-3! The Senate followed with a vote of 98-2!! I guess  American Exceptionalism  includes the vast stupidity inherent in having two giant oceans to distance us from the rest of humanity.With all the Apples and Microsofts and computer geniuses we have in our country, can we not even accept the possibility that perhaps our intelligence agencies are not doing their job, and maybe, just maybe, are deliberately misleading us to continue their false-flag war against Russia? Or for that matter, that Russia itself may not be that invested in screwing up our vaunted democracy with such sloppy malware as claimed? Especially in view of the strong statement put out by Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity, a group of reform-minded veterans throwing a dose of acid on the infamous  Brennan-Clapper Report  of January 6, 2017. With this report alone (see below), much less the overt lying and leaking that s been going on, both James Clapper ( We don t do surveillance on our own citizens ) and John Brennan ( Drones and torture? None of our business ) should be investigated as thoroughly as Michael Flynn, Jared Kushner, Trump s son, etc.What s happened to Elizabeth Warren, Barbara Lee, or any of the people who ve displayed some independent thinking in the past? Have they actually read this report? Somebody out there in DC, please explain to me this omission of common sense. Are the Washington Post and the New York Times so powerful that no one bothers to read or think beyond them? It seems the TV stations in this country take their copy from them.I accept the US decline. That s a given   after all, compare our broken-down New York subway system with Moscow s, as well as many other cities  pristine and impeccable services. These sanctions, which I pray Europe can independently judge and discard, are as dumb as giving out medals to Generals who keep losing wars. I still have this image burned in my brain of Petraeus with his 11/12(?) rows of ribbons, many looking like Boy Scout badges, surrounded by adoring Congressmen as he lied his way through his foreign policy testimony.Never mind that any moment now a Dr. Strangelove-type incident can occur   with less reaction time, say 15 minutes, compared to the 1960s 2/3 hours. We are truly at the edge as Mr. P pointed out in the documentary I made. Such Roman arrogance, such blindness, calls out for another Vietnam, another Iraq. We re screaming for some Karmic Boot up the ass. Destroying our pride would be a favor that the gods could do us.I can go on   but I m angry as you can tell. So what s the point of going to the windows and screaming, even if I were on television? Read the report below from Sanity Inc. and pray another August (1914) passes without the war Congress, Media, and the Military-Industrial Complex are literally dying for.I now fully realize how World War I started. People in power never really thought it would happen, and when it did, thought it d be over in weeks. You should know the rest of that history. It doesn t end well.PLEASE READ:  Intel Vets Challenge  Russia Hack  Evidence,  published at Consortium News.SEE MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22048,DIGITAL TYRANNY: Google and Facebook’s Automated Censorship Program (I Hope You Can Speak Chinese),"21st Century Wire says Based on their own reports and public statements, it was clear that both Google and Facebook, and others, were engaged in formulating a wide program of censorship in order to  tackle  what the corporations deem as  offensive speech  or  hate speech . Although based on the political biases of members of these corporations, the actual administration of this will be done by fully hidden and unaccountable automated computer algorithms. According to new reports, the new methods are not merely the manipulation of metrics used to downplay content. These are incredibly clandestine and very sinister measures: without visibly shutting down an account, this new automated censorship process will simply make an account holder s posts invisible to their friends, fans and followers, in what Google/YouTube is calling  a limited state  in order to  isolate and contain  a targeted user   even if they have NOT violated the user terms of services. This is designed not only to  disappear  important opinions and information   but also to frustrate users, in the hopes that they will eventually abandon the platform as a viable content distribution network.We believe that Facebook may also be implementing similar restrictions on political speech. Mark Zuckerberg s admission to Angela Merkel that Facebook was working on eliminating  hate speech  was an early indicator, and undoubtedly the election of Donald Trump, and the subsequent scapegoating of  fake news  by Clinton supporters, has since pushed many  progressive  Silicon Valley executives over the edge. However, things may have advanced considerably since then. On August 5th, 21stCenturyWire.com Editor Patrick Henningsen had his personal Facebook newsfeed for 21WIRE articles  disappeared : UPDATE: Sunday afternoon GMT, it seems that the invisible admins at Facebook has (quietly) re-opened his profile s newsfeed which seems to be visible to some of my friends now, although yesterday s posts are still HIDDEN (you can see them by scrolling down his timeline). They did not respond to Henningsen s written complaint via customer service however   no surprise there, as they never have done before. The important aspect to focus on here is that these secretive measures are all part of a wider political agenda. With Silicon Valley corporations clearly determined to preside over an all-encompassing social media monopoly, such restrictive politicized policies become even more dangerous. The following story which broke yesterday details an apparent backlash from a Google employee against the company s  diversity policies  has gone internally viral at the company. This was reportedly filed by VICE magazine s tech section, Motherboard: The person who wrote the document argued that the representation gap between men and women in software engineering persists because of biological differences between the two sexes, according to public tweets from Google employees. It also said Google should not offer programs for underrepresented racial or gender minorities, according to one of the employees I spoke to. The 10-page Google Doc document was met with derision from a large majority of employees who saw and denounced its contents, according to the employee. But Jaana Dogan, a software engineer at Google, tweeted that some people at the company at least partially agreed with the author; one of our sources said the same. While the document itself contains the thoughts of just one Google employee, the context in which they were shared Google is currently being investigated by the Department of Labor for its gender pay gap and Silicon Valley has been repeatedly exposed as a place that discriminates against women and people of color as well as the private and public response from its workforce are important. See Gizmodo s review of the 10 page Google Doc.Listen to this incredible analysis by Mister Metokur exposing the highly unethical, discriminatory, collusive   and ultimately illegal practices which are being implemented by Google, Facebook, Twitter and other social media cartel platforms in order to erase political speech which they seek to suppress: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22049,Does CNN Really Have a ‘Cosmopolitan Bias’?,"21st Century Wire says The war between the White House and CNN continued this week.During a recent White House press briefing for Trump s new immigration restriction bill, the RAISE Act, White House adviser Stephen Miller suddenly locked horns with embattled CNN political correspondent Jim Acosta, accusing Acosta and his network of displaying  cosmopolitan bias. According to critics, the bill favors English-speaking immigrants over others, as well as special applicant s status to those who can  financially support themselves.  The bill aims to scale back blanket immigration, and focus instead on a Canadian-style merit-based admissions.  Critics of CNN have also made a strong case, especially after the dramatic loss in 2016 election, that the news network s coverage is heavily biased towards east and west coast liberal audiences   effectively shunning what America s liberal intelligentsia crassly refer to as America s  flyover states  (predominantly white, rural Midwest and  Rustbelt  states) and blaming this section of the population for the Hillary Clinton s epic November loss.When one considers the contempt which CNN commentators and  experts  displayed for American voters throughout the election, the charge of cosmopolitan bias is probably accurate.Liberal media outlet City Lab described how it saw the initial exchange:The dialogue continued:Acosta: This whole notion, they have to learn English before they get to the United States are we just going to bring in people from Great Britain and Australia?Miller: Jim, actually, I have to honestly say: I am shocked at your statement, that you think only people from Great Britain and Australia would know English. It reveals your cosmopolitan bias to a shocking degree, that in your mind this is an amazing moment that you think only people from Great Britain and Australia would speak English is so insulting to millions of hard-working immigrants from all over the world. Jim, have you honestly never met an immigrant from another country who speaks English outside of Great Britain and Australia? Is that your personal experience?Acosta hit back at Miller with tacit accusations of institutional racism, claiming that any immigration control goes against a  tradition of US immigration.  According to my timeline, Jim Acosta thinks the Statue of Liberty decides immigration laws.  Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) August 2, 2017That talking point triggered a fiery exchange between Miller and Acosta. Watch:Full exchange between Stephen Miller & @acosta on Statue of Liberty & immigration. ""It reveals your cosmopolitan bias to a shocking degree."" pic.twitter.com/9eHTiNaR4G  CSPAN (@cspan) August 2, 2017Others fired back on Twitter at Acosta s increasing habit of grandstanding during press briefing:Jim Acosta is why people hate journalists. What's funny? Other journalists applaud him that's how disconnected from reality they are.  lauren (@LilMissRightie) August 2, 2017Acosta has been previously forced to defend his employer s penchant for running actual fake news stories, most notably the fabricated  Trump Dossier  promoted heavily by CNN and their reporters Jim Sciutto and Evan Perez.Meanwhile, CNN s reputation as a news network continues to plummet, with its problems compounding at a time when its parent company, Time Warner, is negotiating a major corporate merger with communications giant AT&T   one of the biggest acquisition deals in media history. Part of the deal might mean selling off the damaged brand of CNN in order to improve the value of the deal. Deadline Hollywood confirmed this recently, stating: There are rumblings at the highest executive levels that AT&T s top executives are considering divesting some Time Warner assets   including news organization CNN and celebrity gossip site TMZ   after they merge. Regardless, there will be a shake up at CNN, which may even include the ouster of its now disgraced head, Jeff Zucker.STAY TUNED FOR MORE UPDATES ON CNN.READ MORE CNN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire CNN FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22050,Boiler Room EP #120 – Scorched Earth Media: From RussiaGate to HillaryGate,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Andy Nowicki (the Alt Right Novelist) and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and twentieth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing the Seymour Hersh audio tapes with all signs pointing to Seth Rich as the leak from inside the DNC to Wikileaks. The implications of this, obviously, being that so called Russia-gate should be renamed to Hillary-gate and traced the mainstream media s obsession with  Russian Collusion  back to the Presidential Debate back in October of 2016. A quick update on John McAfee s recovery from some form of attack and his new privacy phone s release. Not to mention the usual side tracks and strange rabbit holes we find ourselves in as we navigate the weeks media cycle, including sex robots, further degeneracy from the neo-left youth in Sweden and more.Direct Download Episode #120Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22051,Pay Off: The Establishment Rewards Comey with $2 million Book Deal,"21st Century Wire says For his role in helping to sow chaos in the US political system and for promulgating the official conspiracy theory that Russia somehow  hacked  the US electoral process helping Donald Trump to win last November, and also ensuring that no charges were brought anywhere near the Clintons   former FBI Director James Comey has just received the first of many gifts from the Establishment.James Comey is no stranger to elite circles, and is clearly regarded by those at the top as  a safe pair of hands. As 21WIRE reported last year, James Comey served on the board of banking giant HSBC   the same bank that was convicted of international drugs and terrorism money laundering, as well as a bank which was closely linked to the corrupt Clinton Foundation. After working fellow lawyers Eric Holder and Lorretta Lynch to stage manage the public fall out from revelations about HSBC s epic criminal enterprise, and their subsequent slap on the wrist, Comey was then rewarded by President Obama when he was appointed head of the FBI in 2013.By anyone s measure, Comey was central to the mess which has resulted from the political circus surrounding the establishment s efforts to derail the Trump campaign, and  now through the Trump presidency.Congratulations. You got your book deal. You ve made it James AP/The GuardianThe former FBI director James Comey has signed a $2m ( 1.5m) deal for a book about leadership and decision-making that will draw on his career in government, which included the high-profile drama leading up to his sacking from Donald Trump s administration.According to the publisher, Comey will tell how he handled the bureau s probe into Hillary Clinton s private email server and the allegations of ties between Russia and Trump s presidential campaign.Trump sacked Comey as FBI chief in May, later telling NBC News that he was angered by the FBI s investigation into  this Russia thing , which he insists is a fake story. Comey has since testified before Congress that Trump asked him to end an investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael T Flynn and kept memos about his meetings with the president.The book was acquired by Flatiron, an Macmillan imprint, which promises that Comey will cite  examples from some of the highest-stakes situations in the past two decades of US government . It will also  share yet unheard anecdotes from his long and distinguished career .The book is currently untitled and scheduled for publication next spring. Throughout his career, James Comey has had to face one difficult decision after another, as he has served the leaders of our country,  Flatiron said in a statement.  His book promises to take us inside those extraordinary moments in our history, showing us how these leaders have behaved under pressure. By doing so, Director Comey will give us unprecedented entry into the corridors of power, and a remarkable lesson in leadership itself. Continue this story at The GuardianREAD MORE COMEY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Comey FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22052,"Tillerson to North Korea: ‘We Are Not Your Enemy’ – US Seeks Dialogue, Not Regime Change","21st Century Wire says While everyone is busy hyping the  North Korean nuclear threat , the one thing that few mainstream media outlets dare to ask about North Korea is: do they actually have an operational nuclear weapons program?Here s your answer: No.To date, there is no evidence at all that Pyongyang has an operational nuclear weapons program, much less a capable or accurate enough ballistic missile program that could deliver such weapons.The Dear Leader: Kim Jung-UnThe usual western sources (media reportage and intelligence sources) claim that North Korea conducted atomic bomb tests in 2006, 2009 and 2013   although none of these can be independently verified yet. So again, the answer, so far  has to be no.North Korea also claimed that it tested a hydrogen bomb in January 2016. Understandably, FOX News loves these Pyongyang propaganda claims as it bolsters the military defense industry  global threat  talking point, but again, this has not yet been independently verified yet.The fundamental question should be: if Pyongyang has nukes, and no one has actually seen them, including Washington spooks, then why is the media hyping their existence? The Washington Post admitted as much in 2013, when a former senior Obama administration official admitted there s no actual evidence of any such weapons, saying,  We re worried about it, but we haven t seen it .The rest is just expensive guesswork, and US military industrial complex fear mongering.Perhaps the real story is that a divided Korea (between north and south) provides the US with its sole justification for carrying on occupying its many military installations in Japan, the Philippines and numerous other Pacific archipelago installations.In other words   it pays for the North Korean nuclear threat to be  real. Understandably, the war hawks and other flamboyant info-tainment personalities will not be happy with this statement made yesterday by US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who instead called for diplomacy with Pyongyang RT International reports Washington does not seek regime change in North Korea and at some point would like to have a dialogue with Pyongyang to de-escalate the tensions on the peninsula, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said. We do not seek a regime change; we do not seek the collapse of the regime; we do not seek an accelerated reunification of the peninsula; we do not seek an excuse to send our military north of the 38th parallel, Tillerson told reporters Tuesday in Washington DC.Despite repeated warnings from Washington that the US might resort to a military solution to curb Pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs, Tillerson stressed that the US is trying to convey to the North Koreans that we are not your enemy  we are not your threat. But, he said, North Korea continues to present an unacceptable threat to the United States, which forces Washington to respond. Tillerson however expressed hope that Washington and Pyongyang can resolve their issues through negotiations. We would like to sit and have a dialogue with them about the future that will give them the security they seek and the future economic prosperity for North Korea,  Tillerson said.Secretary Tillerson on #DPRK: United States and China share the same objective, a denuclearized Korean Peninsula. https://t.co/KLxAbGjuiL pic.twitter.com/Znaoq4OOlr  Department of State (@StateDept) August 2, 2017Continue this article at RT READ MORE NORTH KOREA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire North Korea FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22053,The U.S. Establishment vs The Rest of World,"Thierry Meyssan Voltaire NetIt is a scandal without precedent.The White House Secretary General, Reince Priebus, was part of the plot designed to destabilise President Trump and prepare for his destitution. He was the source of daily leaks which trouble the political life of the United States, in particular those concerning the alleged collusion between Trump s team and the Kremlin [1]. By dismissing him, President Trump has entered into conflict with the establishment of the Republican party, of which Priebus is the ex-President.Let s note as we go that none of these leaks concerning the agendas and the contacts between those concerned have provided the slightest proof of the allegations made.The reorganisation of the Trump team which followed was exclusively to the detriment of Republican personalities and to the benefit of the military personnel who are opposed to the guardianship of the deep state. The alliance which was concluded   making the best of a difficult situation   by the Republican party with Donald Trump during the inaugural convention on 21 July 2016, is now worthless. We therefore find ourselves faced with the equation with which we started   one one side, the outsider President of   the People s America  , and on the other, all of the Washington ruling class supported by the deep state (meaning that part of the administration charged with the continuity of the state over and above political alternances).It is apparent that this coalition is supported by the United Kingdom and Isra l.So what had to happen happened   the Democrat and Republican leaders came to an agreement to thwart President Trump s foreign policy and preserve their imperial advantages.To do so, they adopted, in Congress, a 70-page law which officially set up sanctions against North Korea, Iran and Russia [2]. The text unilaterally promulgates that all other states in the world must respect these commercial restrictions. The sanctions therefore apply equally to the European Union and to China as to the states officially targeted.Only five parlementarians dissociated themselves from this coalition and voted against the law   representatives Justin Amash, Tom Massie and Jimmy Duncan, and senators Rand Paul and Bernie Sanders.The dispositions of this law more or less forbid the Executive to ease these commercial interdictions by any means whatsoever. Theoretically, therefore, Donald Trump is tied hands and feet. Of course, he can use his veto, but according to the Constitution, it would be enough for Congress to revote the text in the same terms in order to be able to impose it on the President. He will therefore sign it, thus avoiding the insult of being called to order by Congress. In the next few days, we shall see the start of a war unlike any other.The political parties of the United States have every intention of destroying the   Trump doctrine  , according to which the United States must evolve faster than other states in order to conserve world leadership. On the contrary, they intend to re-establish the   Wolfowitz doctrine   of 1992, according to which Washington must conserve its advance over the rest of the world by hindering the development of all potential competitors [3].Paul Wolfowitz is a Trotskyist who worked for Republican President Bush the Elder to help with the war against Russia. He became Assistant Secretary of Defense ten years later, under Bush Junior, and then President of the World Bank. Last year, he gave his support to Democrat Hillary Clinton. In 1992, he wrote that the most dangerous competitor of the United States was the European Union, and that Washington should destroy it politically, even economically.The law casts doubt on everything that Donald Trump has accomplished over the last six months, notably the fight against the Muslim Brotherhood and their jihadist organisations, the preparation of the independence of Donbass (Malorossiya), and the re-opening of the Silk Road.As a first reprisal, Russia asked Washington to reduce the staff of its embassy in Moscow to the level of its own embassy in Washington, in other words, 455 people, expelling 755 diplomats. In this way, Moscow intends to remind us that even if it had interfered in US politics, their interference has no comparison to the importance of US interference in Russia s own political life.While we are on this subject, it was only on 27 February that the Minister for Defence, Serge  Cho gou, announced to the Douma that the Russian armies now have the capability to organise   colour revolutions  , 28 years behind the United States.The Europeans now realise with stupefaction that their friends in Washington (the Democrats Obama and Clinton, the Republicans McCain and McConnell) have just put a full stop to any hope of growth within the Union. This is certainly a nasty shock, and yet they still have not felt able to admit that the allegedly   unpredictable   Donald Trump is in reality their best ally. Completely stunned by the vote, which rained on their summer holidays, the Europeans have opted for the   on hold   position.Unless they react immediately, the companies who have invested in the European Union s solution for their energy supply are now ruined. Wintershall, E.ON Ruhrgas, N. V. Nederlandse Gasunie, and Engie (ex-GDF Suez) had all committed to the doubling of the gas pipeline North Stream, which is now forbidden by Congress. They not only forfeit the right to respond to US calls for tender, but they also lose all their assets in the United States. They are refused entry to international banks and are forbidden to pursue their activities outside the Union.For the moment, only the German government has expressed its confusion. We do not know whether they will be able to convince their European partners and rouse the Union against its US suzerain.Such a crisis has never arisen before, and as a result, there exists no element of reference which could enable us to anticipate what is to come. It is probable that certain of the member states of the Union will defend US interests   those who think according to Congress, against their European partners.The United States, like any state, can forbid their companies to do business with foreign states and foreign companies to do business with them. But according to the Charter of the United Nations, they may not impose their own choices in terms of allies and partners. But this is what they have been doing since their sanctions against Cuba. At that time, under the influence of Fidel Castro   who was not a Communist   the Cuban Revolutionary Government launched an agrarian reform which Washington chose to oppose [4]. The members of NATO, who couldn t have cared less about that tiny Caribbean island, followed obediently along. Progressively, the West, full of itself, considered it normal to starve out any states which resisted their all-powerful suzerain. So here, for the first time, the European Union is affected by the system which it helped set up.More than ever, the conflict between Trump and the Establishment takes on a cultural form. It opposes the descendants of the immigrants who came seeking the   American dream   to those of the Puritans of the Mayflower [5]. This, for example, is the root of the denunciation by the international Presse of the vulgar language used by the new man responsible for White House communications, Anthony Scaramucci. Until now Hollywood was perfectly at ease with the manners of New York businessmen, but suddenly this uncouth language is presented as incompatible with the exercise of Power. Only President Richard Nixon talked that way, and he was forced to resign by the FBI who organised the Watergate scandal to bring him down. Nonetheless, everyone now agrees that he was a great President, who put an end to the Vietnam War and rebalanced international relations with the Peoples  Republic of China, faced with the USSR. It is surprising to see the Press of old Europe take up the religious, Puritan argument against the vocabulary of Scaramucci in order to judge the political competence of Donald Trump s team; and President Trump himself would send him away barely appointed.But behind what may seem to be no more than a class struggle, the future of the world is at stake. Either relations steeped in confrontation and domination, or cooperation and development.Translation  Pete Kimberley***FOOTNOTES:[1]  State Secrets : How an Avalanche of Media Leaks is Harming National Security , Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, July 6, 2017.[2] H.R.3364   Countering America s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act[3]   US Strategy Plan Calls For Insuring No Rivals Develop  , Patrick E. Tyler, New York Times, March 8, 1992. The daily NYT also publishes large extracts from Wolfowitz s secret report on page 14 :   Excerpts from Pentagon s Plan :  Prevent the Re-Emergence of a New Rival   . Further information is provided in   Keeping the US First, Pentagon Would preclude a Rival Superpower   Barton Gellman, The Washington Post, March 11, 1992.[4]  The Biggest Theft Committed by One Sovereign State against Another , by Jorge Wejebe Cobo, Translation Anoosha Boralessa, Cuban Agency News , Voltaire Network, 21 July 2017.[5]  United States   reformation or fracture? , by Thierry Meyssan, Translation Pete Kimberley, Voltaire Network, 26 October 2016.READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22054,SHOCKER: Washington Post Publishes OpEd Critical of Pro-Israel Law Which Shuts Down BDS,"21st Century Wire says It s no secret that the US mainstream media enforces a very tight party line when it comes to saying anything about Israel. Generally speaking, any criticism of the  Jewish State  normally ends up in the editorial waste bin.The reason for this should be academic by now: powerful Israeli Lobby exists in Washington and with satellite branches across the US and Canada. The lobby s attack apparatus regularly coordinate media incursions and smear campaigns against any publication or journalist who dares to break rank and criticize Israel s appalling human rights record, endless violations of international law and flagrant ignorance of multiple UN resolutions. It consists mainly of the following organizations: the Anti-Defamation League (which devotes a large portion of its time and resources to defaming people it seeks to discredit), the quasi Masonic organization and godfather of the Jewish political attack organs B nai B rith International,  and of course, the ADL s ugly step child, the dubious  NGO  Southern Poverty Law Center. These organizations enforce their strict public relations code through a collection of tactics like threats and boycotts, including targeting a publication s advertisers and sponsors, or featuring a journalist, media pundit, author or academic on one of their many  Hate Lists , and by lobbing the standard charge of antisemitism against anyone who sounds remotely critical of Israel and its many failings.This week, David Cole, a national legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union, and Faiz Shakir national political director of the ACLU, penned a piece (see article below) in Jeff Bezos s recently acquired deep state propaganda mill, The Washington Post. In their impassioned piece, they posed the question of whether or not the recent US legislation called the Israel Anti-Boycott Act is moral in a modern democracy, or even legal for that matter. Incredibly, this new Pro-Israel law threatens fines and imprisonment to anyone who speaks of or campaigns to boycott, divest or sanction the Israeli state for its many and sundry documented international crimes. The level of tyranny inherent in this new piece of legislation is breathtaking to say the least. Simply put   it s a direct attack on the US First Amendment. What s worse is that it s being orchestrated from outside of the United States by a foreign entity. The bill s target is the boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) movement, which is a global campaign that applies economic and political pressure on Israel to actually comply with international law (something the US government itself should also be doing). According to the authors, the new Orwellian law would also make it a crime to support or even furnish information about a boycott directed at Israel or its businesses called out by the United Nations, the European Union or any other  international governmental organization.  At its core, this law would constitute an anathema to any modern republican or democratic concept, and yet, this is what the Israeli Lobby seeks to impose on the people of the United States. So far, 45 US Senators have lined-up to support this bill, and not one member of Congress has joined the ACLU in denouncing it. On the Israeli payroll: US Senator Tom Cotton.Here s a fact that might be hard for some to swallow, but it s true: this law was only able to make it as far as it has because of the virtual stranglehold The Lobby has on nearly every member of the US House and Senate by way of lucrative campaign contributions to public officials by way of foreign lobbies like the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), and backed-up by public and media pressure campaigns which, for those who have dared to step off the reservation, have ruined many a career in Washington. This lop-sided situation not only threatens US democratic interests at home, but it s also a serious threat to US national security. What this also demonstrates is how easily US Senators will disregard the US Constitution for a few hundred thousand dollars stuffed into their campaign bank accounts by a foreign lobby. You can see their financials here and here.It s left many onlookers asking: what s going on at the Amazon Post? The article is certainly measured and very careful in its wording, but the fact that it was allowed to appear at all might indicate that the deep state is loosening its restrictions on speech on Israeli issues in the US mainstream media. We hope this is the trend anyway, although maybe not if the ADL, B nai B rith, and the SPLC have anything to say about it.By far, this is the biggest attempt yet by Israel at hijacking the US democratic system, albeit from within. If this bill passes, it will mark the near end of what remains of the sovereignty of the United States of America. That is no exaggeration.Here s the OpEd . By David Cole and Faiz ShakirThe right to boycott has a long history in the United States, from the American Revolution to Martin Luther King Jr. s Montgomery bus boycott to the campaign for divestment from businesses serving apartheid  South Africa.Nowadays we celebrate those efforts. But precisely because boycotts are such a powerful form of expression, governments have long sought to interfere with them   from King George III to the police in Alabama, and now to the U.S. Congress.The Israel Anti-Boycott Act, legislation introduced in the Senate by Benjamin L. Cardin (D-Md.) and in the House by Peter J. Roskam (R-Ill.), would make it a crime to support or even furnish information about a boycott directed at Israel or its businesses called by the United Nations, the European Union or any other  international governmental organization.  Violations would be punishable by civil and criminal penalties of up to $1 million and 20 years in prison. The American Civil Liberties Union, where we both work, takes no position for or against campaigns to boycott Israel or any other foreign country. But since our organization s founding in 1920, the ACLU has defended the right to collective action. This bill threatens that right.The Israel Anti-Boycott Act is designed to stifle efforts to protest Israel s settlement policies by boycotting businesses in Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories. The bill s particular target is the boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) movement, a global campaign that seeks to apply economic and political pressure on Israel to comply with international law.Whether one approves or disapproves of the BDS movement itself, people should have a right to make up their own minds about it. Americans engage in boycotts every day when they decide not to buy from companies whose practices they oppose. Students have boycotted companies that sold clothing manufactured in sweatshops abroad. Environmentalists have boycotted Nestl  for its deforestation practices. By using their power in the marketplace, consumers can act collectively to express their political points of view. There is nothing illegal about such collective action; indeed, it is constitutionally protected.In NAACP v. Claiborne Hardware Co., the Supreme Court in 1982 upheld the right of NAACP activists to hold a mass economic boycott of segregated businesses in Mississippi. The court stated that the boycotters  exercise of their rights to  speech, assembly, and petition . . . to change a social order that had consistently treated them as second-class citizens  rested  on the highest rung of the hierarchy of First Amendment values. This is not to say that all boycotters are automatically free speech heroes; indeed, BDS advocates have themselves at times shut down Israeli academics or speakers to the detriment of academic freedom. Thus, it s understandable that free speech advocates might not immediately identify BDS supporters as victims of censorship. But when government takes sides on a particular boycott and criminalizes those who engage in a boycott, it crosses a constitutional line.Cardin and other supporters argue that the Israel Anti-Boycott Act targets only commercial activity. In fact, the bill threatens severe penalties against any business or individual who does not purchase goods from Israeli companies operating in the occupied Palestinian territories and who makes it clear   say by posting on Twitter or Facebook   that their reason for doing so is to support a U.N.- or E.U.-called boycott. That kind of penalty does not target commercial trade; it targets free speech and political beliefs. Indeed, the bill would prohibit even the act of giving information to a U.N. body about boycott activity directed at Israel.The bill s chilling effect would be dramatic   and that is no doubt its very purpose. But individuals, not the government, should have the right to decide whether to support boycotts against practices they oppose. Neither individuals nor businesses should have to fear million-dollar penalties, years in prison and felony convictions for expressing their opinions through collective action. As an organization, we take no sides on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. But regardless of the politics, we have and always will take a strong stand when government threatens our freedoms of speech and association. The First Amendment demands no less.See the original article at the Washington PostREAD MORE ISRAEL NEW AT: 21st Century Wire Israel FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22055,Boiler Room EP #119 – Zombie Disneyland & The Decline of Western Society,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Andy Nowicki (the Alt Right Novelist) and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and nineteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone! This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone! The gang is covering a number of topics this week including the rise in public displays of pathological ego & mental illness, Trumps tweets on transgenders in the military, an upcoming 9/11 movie with Charlie Sheen, Grenfell Tower and some thoughts on the deaths of Chester Bennington and Chris Cornell..Direct Download Episode #119Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22056,New 9/11 Trailer – Featuring Charlie Sheen and Whoopi Goldberg,"21st Century Wire says Everything changed on 9/11. Overnight, it transformed US foreign policy, the geopolitical chessboard, the global police state, a not to mention the laws of physics, the melting point from steel and much more.Based on the initial marketing package, this latest film, which is due for release this September in 2017, looks very much like a consensus reality production designed to further reinforce the official story of 9/11  or will there be more to it?Will this be Sheen s penance and ticket back into mainstream Hollywood?One looming possibility: this could end up being an own goal by the establishment, as the mere presence of former 9/11 Truth activist Sheen in this mainstream film will trigger a wave of chatter challenging the official 9/11 tale (watch Sheen s 2009 video plea to President Obama for 9/11 Truth here). Stay tuned and find out Here is the initial trailer for this latest Hollywood action drama will feature actors Charlie Sheen, Whoopi Goldberg, Gina Gershon and Luis Guzm n. WATCH: SEE ALSO: FBI Trove of 9/11 Pentagon Photos Refuels Conspiracy SuspicionsREAD MORE 9/11 NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 9/11 Files SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22057,"‘Trump, Russia, Possible Collusion’ (REMIX)","Russiagate. First it was Russian hacking our election,  then it was  Russian interference,  then it was  Russian collusion,  then it was  Russian meddling,  which was finally downgraded to Russian influence.Still, the mainstream media led by CNN, The Washington Post, and New York Times, continues to pump out theories about Russian contacts of the Trump campaign and hangers-on, which has led nowhere after a nine month circus-like investigation.It s perhaps the biggest political hoax in modern history, and they re still at it  READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22058,SOLDIER: ‘Here’s Why Trump’s Transgender Military Ban Makes Sense’,"Earlier this week, 21WIRE reported on President Trump s recent ban on transgender persons in the US Military. Predictably, the White House announcement triggered an uproar from Hollywood s progressive alliance and LGBT lobby. US Army whistlerblower Bradley Manning, who later changed his name to Chelsea Manning and is in the process of trying to change his sex to female, tweeted this:The following video was posted by USArmy Drill Sergeant John Burk, where he explains a number of practical issues at play in this debate which are being avoided by America s hopelessly politicized media. WATCH:. READ MORE POLITICALLY CORRECT NEWS AT:21st Century Wire PC FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22059,"Trump Announces Transgender Ban for US Military, Caitlyn Jenner Slighted","21st Century Wire says On Twitter today, President Donald Trump announced that he will ban transgender people from serving in the US military   in any capacity.The move reverses Barack Obama s previous decision to allow transgender personnel from serving.Trump explained the practical dillemas in being forced to cater to the progressive gender agenda: After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 .Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 .victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017Former US Olympic Decathalon gold medal winner Bruce Jenner recently began a sex change and has since renamed himself Caitlyn Jenner.After Trump s announcement, Jenner then tweeted: There are 15,000 patriotic transgender Americans in the US military fighting for all of us. What happened to your promise to fight for them? There are 15,000 patriotic transgender Americans in the US military fighting for all of us. What happened to your promise to fight for them? https://t.co/WzjypVC8Sr  Caitlyn Jenner (@Caitlyn_Jenner) July 26, 2017EDITOR S NOTE: No doubt, the Russians, the Chinese, ISIS and North Korea must be shaking in their boots at the mere thought of Jenner s military proposition.Star Trek actor and LGBT activist, George Takei, lashed-out against Trump s tweets on Wednesday:Donald: With your ban on trans people from the military, you are on notice that you just pissed off the wrong community. You will regret it.  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) July 26, 2017See other liberal celebrities  Twitter reactions as well as Chelsea Manning here.Watch this interview on liberal daytime TV talk show, The View, as Jenner explains his/her politics and what it s like to be a transgender registered Republican:  READ MORE POLITICALLY CORRECT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire PC FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22060,"Have the US, Trump Really Abandoned ‘Regime Change’ in Syria?"," Member of the US-backed Free Syrian Army, Aleppo, Syria. (Photo: Mada Media. Source: Wikicommons)Miles Elliott 21st Century Wire For the past few days, news outlets have been reporting on the Trump Administration and CIA s announcement to end the controversial covert program to arm and train  moderate rebels  fighting to overthrow the Syrian government of Bashar al Assad. While many who want peace in Syria see this move as a step in the right direction, others still doubt that the underlying goal of ousting Assad has been abandoned completely. The decision may serve a number of purposes, but the long-term goals of the US and its close coalition allies do not change easily, and removing President Assad from power has been a centerpiece of their regional restructuring plan for a very long time.Does the announcement really mean that Trump is going to leave Assad alone? Is the US turning a corner in Syria and finally learning from the mistakes it made in Iraq and Libya? Is it really a concession to Russia? Is Trump finally actualizing his campaign rhetoric that seemed to reject America s foreign wars?Not likely.Of course, it s possible that Trump is at odds with other factions in the US government s military and foreign policy establishment, possibly because he recognizes the danger of arming terrorists and the political damage this might do to his own reputation as a leader who is  tough on terror.  Such a belief however, might be extremely generous to Trump, especially considering how under his authority the US military has dangerously escalated several wars, not just in Syria, but also in Yemen, and probably soon in Afghanistan.A more likely explanation is that the Trump administration and a complicit mainstream media are trying to manage public perceptions regarding six years of troublesome US involvement in Syria. In a bait-and-switch type PR deception, Washington might be attempting to generate the perception of de-escalation   even as the US increases its presence in Syria.Consider the SourceWithin hours of this story breaking, it had been covered by major outlets from across the mainstream media, and since that time there have been a variety of reactions from different commentators and media platforms.Some, such as former US diplomat Jim Jatras, are hailing the decision as a  game-changer .Others, like New York Times journalist Nicholas Kristof (one of the first in the mainstream media to promote the White Helmets) called it a  major gift to Russia .Middle East  expert  Charles Lister claims it will strengthen terrorists in Syria, while numerous others are saying it will weaken the terrorists.Many of these reactions, however, as well as all of the reporting on this decision, all seem to stem from a single story in The Washington Post. That said, there are a few things that should be pointed out about this original story Washington Post and the CIAIt is well known that Amazon chairman and CEO Jeff Bezos owns The Washington Post. It is also public knowledge that the CIA has a contract with Amazon to use its cloud computing services. In fact, beginning in 2014 Amazon began providing its services to the CIA under a $600 million contract that is good for up to ten years, making the CIA a long-term customer of Amazon. Seeing as the owner of The Washington Post has a long-term commercial relationship with the CIA, any reporting from that newspaper covering CIA activities could be viewed as a potential conflict of interest. This would be a very unpopular position for any mainstream media outlets to take. Normally, these outlets will unquestioningly repeat this or any story by The Post concerning the CIA, and that s the end of that.NOTE: After this article was published at 21WIRE, Trump came out swinging at Bezos and the  Amazon-Washington Post :The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Of course this is not to say that the decision to end CIA support to terrorists in Syria has not been taken. Much of that activity will remain classified and certainly redacted if ever released. However, the fact that information was  leaked exclusively  to the Washington Post by unnamed US officials may indicate a desire to have the story spun in a particular way for particular reasons. Syrian  rebels  fire missiles toward the towns of Kafarya and Foua (Photo: Qasioun News Agency. Source: Wikicommons)Focus on RussiaA major element of the spin on the The Washington Post story can be found in the headline:  Trump ends covert CIA program to arm anti-Assad rebels in Syria, a move sought by Moscow  (emphasis added). From the outset, the Post is portraying the decision to stop arming groups trying to overthrow the Syrian government as a concession to Russia.This is clearly one of the themes of the article, as it also appears in quotes from an unnamed official who said,  Putin won in Syria , and from Charles Lister, who stated:  We are falling into a Russian trap.  In total, Russia, Moscow, Putin or the Kremlin are mentioned no less than 20 times in the article, a clear sign of The Post s attempt to place Trump s decision in the context of Russian interests in Syria.There are several obvious problems with this narrative, however.Firstly, it is implied that if Russia  wins  in Syria, that America somehow  loses   but is that really the case? One of the points Trump campaigned on is that US and Russian interests in Syria are actually aligned in the wider fight to defeat ISIS and radical Islamist terror.Secondly, there is zero evidence to indicate that the decision to end CIA support for terrorist groups in Syria was driven by Russia   but that hasn t stopped many in the mainstream media, like New York Times writer Nicholas Kristof, and Washington establishment figures like John McCain, for inferring a Russian conspiracy is at play. It is true that The Post s article was published within two weeks of the recent ceasefire in southwestern Syria agreed by the US, Russia and Jordan. On the other hand, it is acknowledged that the decision to halt the  train and equip  program in Syria was made a month ago, after a White House meeting between Trump, national security advisor H R McMaster, and CIA Director Mike Pompeo.At most, leaking the story to the press may have been an empty gesture toward Russia, but facts on the ground still indicate that the conflict in Syria is being escalated in other ways, as we shall see. Independent journalist Gareth Porter offers this analysis: By 2016, when the Syrian government, with the support of the Russians and Iranians and others, were able to push the al-Qaeda-led rebels out of Aleppo, really the major part of the conflict between the rebels and the Assad government was completed. And from then on I think the fate of this program was really sealed The decision to announce this clearly followed the agreement that was reached very recently with the Russians on a ceasefire in southern Syria  And so to announce it was a gesture in part towards the Russians, but the idea that has been reported in some news media that somehow this is a concession to the Russians is totally false. That really doesn t follow logically, in terms of the nature of the decision and the timing of it. Furthermore, to believe the decision is a  gift  to Russia is to completely discount the fact that arming terrorists is simply wrong, or at the very least dangerous. As former US diplomat Jim Jatras stated: It doesn t occur to some people that not supporting terrorists is the right thing for America, having nothing to do with Russia. Thirdly, in light of the year-long string of unsubstantiated and unproven accusations perpetuated by US mainstream media that somehow the Trump team  colluded  with Russia to affect the outcome of the US presidential election, pushing the Russian angle to this story in Syria appears to be an attempt to add fuel to that fire. However, if one unpacks the rationale underlying this suggestion, it becomes clear how illogical it really is.As it turns out, even US commanders do not subscribe to the Russian conspiracy theory angle regarding the CIA stopping arms to  rebels  in Syria. This was confirmed by U.S. Army General Raymond Thomas, head of Special Operations Command, who told the Aspen Security Forum in Colorado the following this past week: At least from what I know about that program and the decision to end it, (it was) absolutely not a sop to the Russians.  If mainstream media institutions like The Post object to alleged Russian interference in US elections, they presumably do so on the grounds that foreign interference in a sovereign country s domestic affairs is  against the rules  of the international community. If that is the case, then surely they must also object to the funding and arming of terrorist or  rebel  groups by one country to overthrow the government of another. If The Post were being consistent, and not hypocritical in their editorial line, then any disapproval at the unsubstantiated allegation that Russia interfered  nonviolently   with America s democracy, should be matched by unbridled outrage at the US funding, training and arming terrorists in Syria to violently overthrow its government. Free Syrian Army vehicle equipped with anti-aircraft weapon. (Photo: Qasioun News Agency. Source: Wikicommons)At the root of all three of these problems with this article and its paper s stance toward Russia is the belief in American exceptionalism   which is particularly strong in the US  defense  establishment and which is what gives the US license to break the very same rules that it enforces on other countries.The idea of American exceptionalism was explicitly countered by Vladimir Putin in his editorial for the New York Times (published after the 2013 chemical weapons incident in Ghouta when the US was on the brink of going to war in Syria) in which he stated: It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see themselves as exceptional, whatever the motivation. There are big countries and small countries, rich and poor, those with long democratic traditions and those still finding their way to democracy. Their policies differ, too. We are all different, but when we ask for the Lord s blessings, we must not forget that God created us equal. Goodbye CIA, Hello PentagonAmerican exceptionalism taken to its logical conclusion has also resulted in the doctrine of  full spectrum dominance . In the current era of full-spectrum or hybrid warfare, there are many tools in the US government s belt. So even as this particular CIA program ends, there are myriad ways in which the US might continue its involvement in the destablization and possible dismembering of the Syrian nation-state.The most obvious is that the Pentagon and US military are expanding their presence in Syria. The Post states that the US military s anti-ISIS air campaign will continue, as will the Pentagon s  train-and-equip  program for the primarily Kurdish militias operating around Raqqa.However, The Post completely fails to mention the presence of American and allied troops on the ground in Syria. Last month 21WIRE warned of the danger of escalation from the presence of US and British troops stationed near al-Tanf in the southeast of Syria. Since then the buildup has continued, and within the past few weeks 21WIRE reported on the series of eight US military bases established inside Syrian borders, complete with heavy weapons such as the HIMARS rocket system.Gareth Porter summarized it this way: The United States has created this alleged stake in the conflict in Syria over the last few years, over the ISIS presence in Raqqa and surrounding areas. Once the US began its bombing program both in Iraq and in Syria against ISIS, that created a whole set of new dynamics which inevitably in the nature of the US political-military-intelligence complex, created a constant forward movement of military and intelligence activities We have now more US military personnel in the area near Raqqa than ever before, we have more special forces there, we have more helicopters, we have more CIA people. In other words they ve created an entirely new dynamic here that is going to be very difficult to break. It s going to be very difficult to reverse it. Within the past few days it has also been reported that significant numbers of US military armored vehicles are arriving in areas to the north of Raqqa, not for use by Kurdish SDF fighters in the region but   according to a US spokesperson    for use by the Coalition .There is also the question of other countries funneling weapons and/or terrorists into Syria. In particular, American allies Turkey, Israel and Saudi Arabia have all played important roles in building up and perpetuating the conflict in Syria so far, and there is no reason to believe that they will cease doing so.For instance, Syrian news agency SANA frequently reports on seizures of Israeli-made weapons within Syrian borders. Another example can be found in a previous story broken by Bulgarian journalist Dilyana Gaytandzhieva, in which she discovered ships were being used for transporting weapons into Syria via Saudi Arabian ports.So it is possible that whatever support is being withdrawn from terrorist factions in Syria could be redirected through cooperating countries or other conduits and still reach the same destination.Truth vs NarrativeIt is often said that truth is the first casualty of war. As regular readers of 21WIRE will already be aware, the levels of propaganda and deception in mainstream media narratives have reached new heights in coverage of the conflict in Syria. Even terms such as  moderate rebel  and  Assad regime  in common usage used by The Post and its ilk are tools of propaganda explicitily designed to legitimize the construction of a foreign-funded mercenary force to overthrow the government of Syria.The truth, however, is rising.For instance, the recent article, How America Armed Terrorists in Syria, spelled out just that: By helping its Sunni allies provide weapons to al Nusra Front and its allies and by funneling into the war zone sophisticated weapons that were bound to fall into al Nusra hands or strengthen their overall military position, U.S. policy has been largely responsible for having extended al Qaeda s power across a significant part of Syrian territory. The CIA and the Pentagon appear to be ready to tolerate such a betrayal of America s stated counter-terrorism mission. Unless either Congress or the White House confronts that betrayal explicitly, as Tulsi Gabbard s legislation would force them to do, U.S. policy will continue to be complicit in the consolidation of power by al Qaeda in Syria, even if the Islamic State is defeated there. So not only are the  rebels  not moderate, in many cases they are actually al Qaeda, the raison d etre for the War on Terror.Public awareness of this fact has been increasing, and in January Representative Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii introduced the Stop Arming Terrorists Act into the House of Representatives, while Senator Rand Paul, who has opposed the arming of Syrian opposition groups for years, introduced the bill in the Senate. On introducing the bill Rep. Gabbard s remarks included the statement: If you or I gave money, weapons or support to Al-Qaeda or ISIS, we would be thrown in jail. Yet the US government has been violating this law for years, quietly supporting allies and partners of Al-Qaeda, ISIL, Jabhat Fateh al Sham and other terrorist groups with money, weapons, and intelligence support, in their fight to overthrow the Syrian government. Then, within the past two weeks, 21WIRE covered the latest stunning chapter in a story broken by independent journalist Gaytandzhieva, which documents in full detail how hundreds of tons of heavy weapons were trafficked via protected diplomatic flights from various NATO member states and allies (including the US) to conflict zones around the the Middle East, Central Asia and Africa. Some of these arms ended up in the hands of al-Nusra, the al-Qaeda franchise in Syria.Stories like those on covert weapons shipments; statements like the one above from Tulsi Gabbard; the introduction of the Stop Arming Terrorists Act; stories such as How America Armed Terrorists in Syria; and the rising influence of independent media outlets like 21WIRE among others, are all contributing to the rising awareness that the US government has been funding, training and arming terrorists in Syria.It is likely that Trump s decision to end the CIA program supporting the anti-Assad terrorists in Syria  however meaningful it was or was not  was in part a response to this growing awareness. Although on the surface the decision by Trump seems to be a positive step towards a peaceful resolution of the conflict in Syria, by no means does it mean an end to the conflict or even a withdrawal of US or other foreign interference with Syrian affairs. It is more likely that this announcement is yet another distraction  a further exercise in perception management  and that the objective to remove Assad remains in place under other guises using other means.More on this from The Washington Post  A unit of the Southern Front, which received money and weapons from the US, et al. (Photo: Mutasim Billah Brigade, Daraa. Source: Wikicommons)Greg Jaffe and Adam Entous The Washington PostPresident Trump has decided to end the CIA s covert program to arm and train moderate Syrian rebels battling the government of Bashar al-Assad, a move long sought by Russia, according to U.S. officials.The program was a central plank of a policy begun by the Obama administration in 2013 to put pressure on Assad to step aside, but even its backers have questioned its efficacy since Russia deployed forces in Syria two years later.Officials said the phasing out of the secret program reflects Trump s interest in finding ways to work with Russia, which saw the anti-Assad program as an assault on its interests. The shuttering of the program is also an acknowledgment of Washington s limited leverage and desire to remove Assad from power.Just three months ago, after the United States accused Assad of using chemical weapons, Trump launched retaliatory airstrikes against a Syrian air base. At the time, U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley, said that  in no way do we see peace in that area with Assad at the head of the Syrian government. Continue this story at The Washington PostREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22061,Progressives Outraged Over Beyonce “So White” Wax Figure at Madame Tussauds,"American liberal activists still struggling with the concept that a wax figure is not meant to be real.21st Century Wire says The progressive culture police are on the march again   this time to Madame Tussauds Wax Museum in New York City. The recent unveiling of the new Beyonc wax statue sent activists into a frenzy when it was claimed that the celebrity pop singer was  too white.  America s unofficial cultural Stasi slammed the museum for purportedly  whitewashing  the singers skin tone.The liberal outcry on social media prompted the museum to withdraw the statue temporarily to avoid any further uproar, confirming that it will be  off the floor until further notice. Lindsay Lohan. Jessica Simpson. Maybe even Britney at the right angle but this darling is NOT Beyonc . https://t.co/aVxAfSK2ml  morgs (@hotbeansmorgan) July 19, 2017However, Madame Tussauds issued a statement reassuring liberal activists that nothing untoward had happened and that they only needed to readjust the lighting of their new exhibition: We love, respect and enjoy a working relationship with Beyonc  We have adjusted the styling and the lighting of her figure and she is on display at  New York. In an interview with Entertainment Tonight museum spokesperson added,  Our talented team of sculptors take every effort to ensure we accurately color match all of our wax figures to the celebrity being depicted. Lighting within the attraction combined with flash photography may distort and misrepresent the color of our wax figures, which is something our sculptors are unable to account for at the production stage. And now  for other more important news READ MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22062,Legal Fears Push Newsweek to Delete Eichenwald’s Articles Used to Smear Sputnik News,"21st Century Wire says Failing US magazine Newsweek once again finds itself on the ropes.For the last year, US mainstream media outlets have given themselves license to freely spray any and all slanderous accusations regarding Russia into the public domain, and about Russian-based media outlets in particular. One of the primary motivations for this festival of defamation is of course political. Early on in the general election the  Russian conspiracy  theory was promulgated by the White House and the Clinton campaign and the mainstream media in order to damage Trump s credibility. After Clinton s epic loss, legions of Democratic Party affiliated journalists and Hillary Clinton supporters in the media are still angry and upset about their election loss and do not accept Donald Trump as their President. As a result, many journalists are still using their positions in media to act out in public, and mostly with the full backing of their like-minded editors and media executives.While most of the endless scapegoating and lies about Russia and Trump continue as annoying background noise, some of the US liberal establishment s fake news and libelous claims, like stories made-up by CNN   are beginning to be challenged in the courts   which is causing a panic on many mainstream editorial news desks across America.This latest challenge to Newsweek and its shamed staff writer Kurt Eichenwald follows on the current  blow-back  trend line  RT International reports Sputnik and RT editor-in-chief Margarita Simonyan commented on the removal by Newsweek of false stories about Trump  conspiring with Russia,  saying it  deleted the lies about us, fearing court proceedings. We ll continue explaining to various newsweeks that lying is bad, Simonyan told Sputnik.Her comments come after Newsweek was forced to take down two erroneous articles by journalist Kurt Eichenwald, claiming that US President Donald Trump had conspired with Russia, as well as smearing former Sputnik editor William Moran.On Friday, Moran said that a settlement had been reached, but did not provide any further details, saying that the deal was confidential between the two sides.In October, Moran mistakenly attributed an article by Eichenwald to Clinton confidant Sidney Blumenthal and, realizing his mistake, deleted the article 20 minutes later. However, while the piece was online, Eichenwald saw it and imagined collusion between the Trump campaign, Sputnik, and Wikileaks.At the time, numerous media outlets (some usually quite critical of Russia) spoke out against Eichenwald. The Washington Post said that Eichenwald is at best misleading, while BuzzFeed proved that Trump and Moran quoted the same erroneous tweet, which was widespread online.Moran then contacted Eichenwald, attempting to clarify the situation and expecting Eichenwald to retract the story.That, however, did not happen. Instead, Eichenwald asked him to stay silent in exchange for a job as political reporter with The New Republic, and warned him about the potential consequences if the young journalist refused. Moran turned down the offer and went public with his version of events.Moran has left the field of journalism and is currently pursuing a law degree, Sputnik news agency said. Newsweek is an established brand of 80 years and yet it is not even in Sputnik s league in terms of global web traffic and performance, Patrick Henningsen, geopolitical analyst and executive editor at 21stCenturyWire.com, said. News outlets like RT and Sputnik are winning in the ratings battle with many US and UK English language media platforms, he said, and explained why this is happening. It is simply because the Russia-based English language outlets are filling a demand for real international news and edgy opinion. They are simply feeding a massive audience out there which has been intentionally neglected for decades by Western establishment media conglomerates who have always enjoyed a monopoly on the global English language market. A network like RT, and a website like Sputnik, are only filling a demand which was always there. READ MORE ABOUT MSM DISINFORMATION AT: 21st Century Wire Media Cog FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22063,John McCain and The Cancer of Conflict,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireThis week some devastating news befell John Sidney McCain III.On Wednesday, his staff announced that the US Senator had been diagnosed with a brain tumor called glioblastoma discovered during recent testing at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix, Arizona.Since then warm wishes and tributes have been pouring in for the former Republican Presidential candidate. Both the US media and political establishment have closed ranks and are rallying around the Senator to help soften the blow.Putting previous feuds aside, President Donald Trump was magnanimous and cordial to the Arizona Senator, wishing him and his family the very best.  Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family,  said Trump.  Get well soon. Even former electoral rival President Barack Obama pitched in a little love for the 80 year old:John McCain is an American hero & one of the bravest fighters I've ever known. Cancer doesn't know what it's up against. Give it hell, John.  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) July 20, 2017Regarding McCain s diagnosis, we all can acknowledge the difficulties and risks involved with various cancer treatments, especially with brain cancer. Likewise, nearly everyone these days can attest to losing a friend, a loved one or family member to the disease.As with anyone suffering from this terrible condition, we wish the Senator well, along with a successful treatment and recovery.Still, McCain has a lot in his favor. Unlike most Americans, he will not have to worry about his medical care, and will be receiving the best cancer treatment money can buy, if not the best in the world, and with absolutely no expense spared. In this way, the Senator is extremely fortunate.And for those reasons, this is not an easy article to write. For fear of appearing too cruel in the face of his dramatic medical disclosure, one would be expected to suspend any political critique for now. Hence, the media has placed an unofficial moratorium on any negative coverage of McCain.That said, he is a special case.  As much as any political leader   he deserves to be panned, even under the present circumstances, because his geopolitical handiwork continues to cause havoc in certain corners of the world.Cancer Treatment in SyriaImmediately after McCain s major health announcement, the US mainstream media and Republicans began fretting over the prospect that his extended absence from the legislature might jeopardize his party s ability to pass legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act (commonly known as Obamacare).With that in mind, maybe it s worth asking: how many innocent Syrians have been denied basic medical treatment, supplies and pharmaceuticals as a result of the harsh US-led regime economic sanctions imposed on Syria? This brutal campaign of collective punishment has been led by US Senator John McCain.Of course, the idea of sanctions as a form of economic warfare hardly registers in the West as being at all harmful to the population of Syria.  Sanctions? They re not against the people of Syria, only against Assad.   That s the general mainstream phantasm when it comes to sanctions, even though the official numbers show a vivid tale of devastation.One can only imagine how many among Syria s population of 20 million are no longer able to receive cancer treatment in Syria as a result of McCain s insistence on punitive sanctions. Before the conflict in Syria began in 2011, citizens were able to get free medical treatment including high-end state-of-the-art cancer treatment (consider that one simple aspect of this war, as men like John McCain still claim to be delivering  freedom  to the Syrian people by backing armed terrorist factions).Before the terrorist forces occupied the eastern part of the city, Aleppo was home to one of the Middle East s top cancer treatment centers, Al-Kindi Hospital. This is important because after McCain s secret trip to the Aleppo area in May 2013, the very same  rebels  he was cavorting with and supplying weapons to   the  Free Syrian Army  (under the command of Jabbat al Nusra aka al Qaeda in Syria) would later order the bombing on this cancer treatment hospital.Professor Tim Anderson explains the destruction of Al Kindi Hospital in December 2013, including the shameful spin applied after the fact by BBC and western mainstream media:In an Orwellian revision of events the BBC (21 December 2013) reported the destruction of Al-Kindi with the headline:  Syria rebels take back strategic hospital in Aleppo . The introduction claimed the  massive suicide lorry bomb  had managed  to seize back a strategic ruined hospital occupied by Assad loyalists.  Al-Kindi was said to have been  a disused building  and  according to an unconfirmed report, 35 rebels died in the attack . In fact, these  rebels  were a coalition of Free Syrian Army and Jabhat al Nusra, while the  Assad loyalists  were the staff and security guards of a large public hospital.Watch as McCain s  freedom fighters  in Syria drive a suicide truck bomb into the ground level of Al Kindi Cancer Treatment Center in Aleppo:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCwWgTUpGpE . How many Syrian lives were needlessly cut short as a direct result of that bombing carried out by McCain s own Free Syrian Army? For the cost of McCain s treatment at the world-famous Mayo Clinic, who knows how many Syrians could have received desperately needed treatment at Al Kindi or other similarly crippled facilities in Syria? One hundred, or possibly one thousand?Add to this, how many have died or suffer permanent health afflictions as a direct result of US economic sanctions which have crippled Syria s own National Health Service? One hundred thousand, or maybe five hundred thousand? One million? One day, those figures will be recorded and we will have the answer.The other piece of US legislation currently on the table which Republicans are desperate to pass is the $1-trillion US infrastructure spending package. Juxtapose that scene next to the systematic destruction of Syria s infrastructure by US Coalition and IDF airstrikes and destruction by proxy militant forces on the ground. Estimates for the cost to Syria range from $180 billion to $275 million. If the conflict continues past 2020, then these numbers could easily double.In spite of all this, John McCain claims to have no regrets about the damage that he and his fellow war hawks have inflicted on Syria.The Cancer of ConflictAt the same time that political figures like Barrack Obama dutifully respect the official Washington line on John McCain as the consummate  Vietnam War hero , very few in the establishment would dare to criticize the powerful Arizona Senator for his central role in engineering instability and violent conflict in foreign countries.John McCain sneaks into Syria illegally in May 2013 to meet with known terrorists, promising them weapons and regime change by way US bombs would drop in the Fall of 2013.. Americans should be reminded that more than any other single US official, John McCain has been the driving force behind the training and arming of violent jihadist and terrorists fighting groups in Syria, and that those same terrorists have slaughtered tens of thousands of innocent civilians including women and children in Syria and beyond   all sacrificed at the altar of a US-led geopolitical power play in the Middle East, and in the name of Israeli  security interests. Back in 2012, a delusional McCain, along with another dotty war enthusiast, Connecticut Senator Joe Liberman, insisted that the US needed to arm the  rebels  in Syria in order to  save lives.  Their statement read: The bloodshed must be stopped, and we should rule out no option that could help to save lives. We must consider, among other actions, providing opposition groups inside Syria, both political and military, with better means to organize their activities, to care for the wounded and find safe haven, to communicate securely, to defend themselves, and to fight back against Assad s forces. From the onset of hostilities in 2011, the bold-faced lie that McCain and partner Lindsey Graham have promulgated is that violent jihadists were nothing more than affable  moderate rebels.  That piece of Washington fiction has been widely discredited by now.Later on in 2015, McCain announced that the US should be supplying stinger missiles to the so-called  rebels  in Syria: We certainly did that in Afghanistan. After the Russians invaded Afghanistan, we provided them with surface-to-air capability. It d be nice to give people that we train and equip and send them to fight the ability to defend themselves. That s one of the fundamental principles of warfare as I understand it,  said McCain.Soon after that statement, thousands of US-made TOW Missiles were smuggled into Syria and used by terrorists groups under the command umbrella of Al Nusra.In her recent expos  for Trud Newspaper, Bulgarian journalist Dilyana Gaytandzhieva revealed the massive scale and scope of the illegal US-NATO weapons trafficking operation to arm thousands of terrorist fighters in Syria.Despite the overwhelming destruction in Syria and the abject failure of his policies, McCain has never given up on the policy of illegal weapons trafficking in Syria. Just this week, McCain, Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, openly protested against the Trump Administration s latest announcement to bring an end to the CIA s failed program of illegally arming and training  anti-Assad  terrorists in Syria. Rather than admitting what everyone else in the world seems to know already   that the US  train and equip  program has been a debacle   instead he feigns defiance, while demonstrating a breathtaking level of ignorance by accusing the White House of being part of a Russian conspiracy: If these reports are true, the administration is playing right into the hands of Vladimir Putin.   Making any concession to Russia, absent a broader strategy for Syria, is irresponsible and short-sighted. When promoting their latest war, McCain is normally part of a tandem act, accompanied by his geomancing interest, South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham, who arguably views the world through an even more deranged, albeit binary comic book prism: Breaking Syria apart from Iran could be as important to containing a nuclear Iran as sanctions. If the Syrian regime is replaced with another form of government that doesn t tie its future to the Iranians, the world is a better place. Like a world view gleaned straight from Ian Fleming s Goldfinger.In his seminal 2008 interview with McCain heading to the GOP presidential nomination, The Atlantic magazine s Jeffrey Goldberg asked,  What do you think motivates Iran? .  to which McCain replied: Hatred. I don t try to divine people s motives. I look at their actions and what they say. I don t pretend to be an expert on the state of their emotions. I do know what their nation s stated purpose is, I do know they continue in the development of nuclear weapons, and I know that they continue to support terrorists who are bent on the destruction of the state of Israel. You ll have to ask someone who engages in this psycho stuff to talk about their emotions. McCain s views on Iraq were even more disturbing, essentially surmising that the invasion and occupation was a good thing, and that we shouldn t have left because  leaving Iraq gave rise to al Qaeda.  OK. Admittedly, it s a bit counter intuitive, but it works for neoconservatives.These statements by McCain and Graham are not admissions made by normal well-adjusted individuals, but rather by cold, dark hearted sociopaths who generally view the lives of Arabs (along with Slavs, Russians and others) as necessary cannon fodder in the pursuit of military industrial profits for a select cadr  of transnational corporate  defense  contractors   whose interests Senator John McCain represents in his home state of Arizona; Boeing, Raytheon, Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics, and the list goes on, and on.The geopolitical hubris doesn t end there, as McCain still maintains   even after 6 years of absolute implosion of his own foreign policy agenda   that removing Syrian President Bashar al Assad from power is still a  key pillar  of the US strategy for Syria. The administration has yet to articulate its vision for Syria beyond the defeat of ISIL, let alone a comprehensive approach to the Middle East,  said McCain this week.The reality, of course, is that ISIL/ISIS could have been defeated already had the US-led  Coalition  and Israel not illegally intervened in Syria territory. Far from doing much to  defeat ISIS  since they have invaded Syrian airspace since 2014, the US has conveniently stretched-out the  ISIS problem  through the extension of its own self-styled international mandate which was originally intended to serve as a precursor to the eventual break-up of Syria into federal states and ethnic cantons. This might explain McCain s rush to enact regime change in Syria before lording over the eventual break-up of the sovereign nation-state.All Things RussianThe other country which McCain is determined break is Russia. Vladimir Putin is a murder and a KGB thug,  crowed McCain on CNN last year, as he protested against positive statements about Russia made by then candidate Trump.Suffice to say, he, along with the boards of Boeing, Raytheon, Lockheed Martin, are all extremely happy about NATO pressing right up against the Russian border in eastern Europe.But 2013 was indeed a busy year for the Senator stirring up trouble internationally. As part of his opening gambit against Moscow, it was McCain who was the driving force behind the US-backed coup d etat in Ukraine in February 2014   which ultimately led to a bloody civil war which continues to this day in the Ukraine. Apparently, this was McCain s way of  stopping Putin. His is a very dodgy track record; whether it s NeoNazis, or Jihadi Terrorists, McCain seems always ready to do a deal with the devil, and that s what makes him particularly dangerous.Below we can see McCain helping to whip-up Nazi-linked, neofascist street mobs in Kiev helping to bring the ensuing junta into power. Some mainstream US pundits have claimed that this never happened, and that it s just a conspiracy theory invented by  Russian propagandists  to discredit McCain. Unfortunately for them   it is true, and here is the photo to prove it:Senator John McCain (AZ) shares the stage in Kiev with far-right, NeoNazi Right Sector strongman, Oleg Tyhanbock, ahead of violent street protests in Ukraine in December of 2013, in advance of the US-backed coup.. Looking back at his erratic and flippant behavior, attacking nearly anyone who even suggested d tente with Russia or that supplying lethal arms to militants in Syria was a bad idea, it s no surprise that cognizant onlookers have questioned whether or not McCain is in a normal frame of mind.Frankly speaking, how could any one in their right mind be so consistently on the wrong side of every issue? How could any politician s judgement be that poor? Unless there was something else going on below the surface The questions didn t stop there. McCain s performance during a recent Senate Intelligence Committee Hearing on  Russian Influence in US Elections  was an embarrassment. Onlookers were stunned when McCain lost the plot during the hearing when asking former FBI Director James Comey: Well, at least in the minds of this member, there s a whole lot of questions remaining about what went on, particularly considering the fact that as you mentioned, it s a  big deal  as to what went on during the campaign, so I m glad you concluded that part of the investigation, but I think that the American people have a whole lot of questions out there, particularly since you just emphasized the role that Russia played. And obviously she was a candidate for president at the time. So she was clearly involved in this whole situation where fake news, as you just described it, is a big deal took place. You re going to have to help me out here. In other words, we re complete, the investigation of anything former Secretary Clinton had to do with the campaign is over and we don t have to worry about it anymore?  to which Comey replied: With respect to   I m a little confused. With respect to Secretary Clinton, we investigated a criminal investigation with her use of a personal email server. McCain then finished digging his own hole by responding: So at the same time you made the announcement there would be no further charges brought against then-Secretary Clinton for any activities involved in the Russia involvement and our engagement and our election. I don t quite understand how you can be done with that but not done with the whole investigation of their attempt to affect the out of come our election. It was clear McCain had no idea what was going on. At that point any reasonable person would have concluded that John McCain had in fact lost his mind   and was no longer fit to serve in public office.  In fact, 21WIRE made this very same case back in 2013 after McCain was caught playing video poker on his iPhone during a Senate Committee where lawmakers were debating the very war of which he is a chief architect. Here is the photo:As stunning displays of ignorance go, the video poker incident was one of McCain s greatest ever, and certainly should have been a warning to everyone that this man had no business making military decisions, let alone litigating war and peace between nuclear superpowers like the United States and Russia.Perhaps an announcement is forthcoming, but it s surprising after being diagnosed with brain cancer at 80 years old   why McCain has not yet announced his resignation from office?It s fair to say that while this Senator is being treated in the world s leading medical facilities, thousands of innocents will have died needlessly because of US sanctions and support for terrorists   all in the name of defense, energy and ever vast corporate profits. Strange as that might sound to some, for those who consider themselves members of a ruling elite and its mandarin management class, that is perfectly acceptable quid pro quo in 2017.After World War II, the military industrial complex and the international arms trade has spread conflict like a disease across the planet, metastasizing in ways, in places, and on a scale which no one could have previously imagined before. Undoubtedly, over the last decade, John McCain has played a key role in spreading that anguish. For the people of Syria, Afghanistan and the Ukraine, that will be his legacy, not the chimerical image of a  maverick  Senator or the  war hero. Once again, we implore the Senator to do the right thing by the American people and for those innocents around the world who have suffered at the hands of an arms industry whose interests John McCain represents Please, just retire.*** READ MORE MCCAIN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire John McCain FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22064,Boiler Room EP #118,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Daniel Spaulding Soul of the Eastof  and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and eighteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone! The gang is covering a number of topics this week including: The badge of honor bestowed upon our very own Andy Nowicki who has been added to the Anti-Defamation League s list of  hateful conservatives,  the sexualization of children being pushed by the disgusting  Teen Vogue  magazine, how modern pornography is ruining the next generation of young people, the latest failure of the discredited mainstream media to tie Donald Trump Jr. to Russian collusion, Donald Trump s move to stop the CIA s covert program of arming and training terrorists to wage war by proxy in Syria, the strange coincidences and anomalies with the death of Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington, a curious link revealing a book written in the 1890s about a character named Baron Trump who goes on an adventure to the center of the earth and more.Direct Download Episode #118Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22065,Progressive Lunacy: PETA Claims Indonesian Monkey Owns ‘Selfie’ Copyright,"21st Century Wire says You know that western society is approaching its final hour when animal rights activists start advocating individual animals to be able to sue humans in courts. That s exactly what has happened in the US.We can trace some of this line of thinking back to Cass Sunstein, the radical, liberal progressive technocrat and chief advisor to President Barack Obama (as well as the husband of disastrous UN Ambassador Samantha Power). According to his own writing and public declarations, Sunstein believes that activists should be able to bring a lawsuit on behalf of an animal in US courts. In his 2004 book Animal Rights: Current Debates and New Directions, Sunstein remarked:Cass Sunstein. My simplest suggestion is that private citizens should be given the right to bring suits to prevent animals from being treated in a way that violates current law. I offer a recommendation that is theoretically modest but that should do a lot of practical good: laws designed to protect animals against cruelty and abuse should be amended and interpreted to give a private cause of action against those who violate them, so as to allow private people to supplement the efforts of public prosecutors. Somewhat more broadly, I will suggest that animals should be permitted to bring suit, with human beings as their representatives, to prevent violations of current law. As one of liberal America s most influential technocrats, Sunstein argues that this legal right can be invoked on the basis of animal cruelty. While no cruelty seems to be present in the case of the Monkey Selfie (see story below), activists at PETA were no doubt emboldened by Sunstein and others who have propelled their ideological argument into the political activist discourse.While our society and our legal system are far from perfect, a move like this from a wealthy charity like PETA could throw that system into even further chaos.Surely, if animals can sue humans, then shouldn t humans be able to sue animals? As you can see, when you pursue this activist rabbit hole, reality starts to dissolve rather quickly.More on this incredible story from AP Monkey Selfie    Copyright credited to David J. Slater (UK)Linda Wang APcurious monkey with a toothy grin and a knack for pressing a camera button was back in the spotlight Wednesday as a federal appeals court heard arguments on whether an animal can hold a copyright to selfie photos.A 45-minute hearing before a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco attracted crowds of law students and curious citizens who often burst into laughter. The federal judges also chuckled at times at the novelty of the case, which involves a monkey in another country that is unaware of the fuss.Andrew Dhuey, attorney for British nature photographer David Slater, said  monkey see, monkey sue  is not good law under any federal act.Naruto is a free-living crested macaque who snapped perfectly framed selfies in 2011 that would make even the Kardashians proud.People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals [PETA] sued Slater and the San Francisco-based self-publishing company Blurb, which published a book called  Wildlife Personalities  that includes the monkey selfies, for copyright infringement. It sought a court order in 2015 allowing it to administer all proceeds from the photos taken in a wildlife reserve in Sulawesi, Indonesia to benefit the monkey.Slater says the British copyright for the photos obtained by his company, Wildlife Personalities Ltd., should be honored Continue this story at AP/Chicago TribunePictured here is a typical Indonesian Crested Black Macaque monkey (Image Credit: Lip Key Yap, Wikicommons)READ MORE FINANCIAL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Financial FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22066,"FBI Agent Indicted In Killing of Lavoy Finicum, Hires High-Profile DC Lawyer","21st Century Wire says Back in January of 2016, 21WIRE reported how the Oregon Standoff protesters  convoy was intercepted in a ambush by federal forces, and how Lavoy Finicum was executed by a rogue agent. The mainstream media was silent. Running point on the government s propaganda campaign was the Oregonian newspaper s supposed  award-winning reporter  Les Zaitz who shamefully referred to the planned federal ambush as  a traffic stop.  As it turns out   the mainstream media was completely wrong   while we were right. This was an elaborate federally managed cover-up from the beginning.21WIRE reported at the time the obvious contradiction; without any audio track to synch with the FBI s aerial footage it was impossible to know when shots were fired and if the official story was actually true. As part of the federal cover-up, FBI Special Agent in Charge, Greg Bretzing, insisted that their footage provided an honest and unfiltered view of what happened. It wasn t   and new evidence told a completely different story, exposing the official story as a lie from the onset.Finicum was shot three times in the back An autopsy revealed with one of the bullets piercing Finicum s heart.The obvious problem with how these latest legal proceedings are being framed is this: Finicum is execute with three shots to the back after a pre-planned federal ambush, while the hired federal gunman who pulled the trigger is indicted for   lying. Will his family and friends get justice this time around? EXECUTED:Robert LaVoy Finicum (January 27, 1961   January 26, 2016) Conrad Wilson OPDThe FBI agent indicted for allegedly lying about a pivotal moment during the 2016 Malheur National Wildlife Refuge occupation has hired a high-profile Washington D.C.-based attorney to defend him.Indicted FBI Hostage Rescue Team member W. Joseph Astarita has retained Robert Cary, who is well known in the nation s capital for his defense of former Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens.In 2008, the Department of Justice indicted the Republican senator on corruption charges. Years later, the case was dismissed and found to be an example of gross prosecutorial misconduct. If what happened to Sen. Ted Stevens, a powerful Senator   a few blocks from the Supreme Court of the United States, a few blocks from the United States Capitol   if it can happen to him, it can happen to anybody,  Cary said in a 2015 speech to an American Bar Association gathering.Cary will serve as co-counsel in the Astarita case with Portland based attorneys David Angeli and Tyler Francis, according to Angeli.Federal prosecutors have accused Astarita of lying to investigators about firing his gun during a traffic stop that left Malhuer occupation leader Robert  LaVoy  Finicum dead.Though neither of Astarita s shots hit Finicum, prosecutors have charged the FBI agent with several felonies for allegedly failing to disclose them. Those charges include making false statements and obstruction of justice Continue this story at OPDREAD MORE BUNDY RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bundy FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22067,"The Demise of Progressive Democrats: ‘Resist and Submit, Retreat and Surrender’","21st Century Wire says The US 2016 Presidential Election was a watershed point in 21st century western politics. With the defeat of Hillary Clinton and the near collapse of the Democratic Party, it seems that America s  progressive  left has lost the ability to relate to much of the working and the middle classes. During the Obama Administration, the party was taken over by the billionaire donor class ruled by Wall Street interests, Silicon Valley svengalis, and the unelected commissariate   the Democratic National Committee (DNC). Their failed strategy of total reliance on identity politics at home, and backing Islamist extremism and a New Cold War with Russia abroad   has spelled abject failure for the US electorate. Still, the vanguard of the progressive left is still in denial of these realities. However, a new shake-up on the left may already be underway.Last month, America s latest progressive icon, Bernie Sanders had this to say Sanders: ""The Democratic Party is an absolute failure."" (June 11, 2017)See also: https://t.co/cnrVTiKUnn pic.twitter.com/mJxrguyMyM  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) July 9, 2017While his candid depiction of a broken political party certainly rings true, it seems that Sanders is avoiding some of the more fundamental aspects of his party s rapid disintegration, namely the left s role in compromising America s reputation internationally by caving in to a largely Neoconservative and globalist foreign policy agenda, as author James Petras explains James Petras Information Clearing House Over the past quarter century progressive writers, activists and academics have followed a trajectory from left to right   with each presidential campaign seeming to move them further to the right. Beginning in the 1990 s progressives mobilized millions in opposition to wars, voicing demands for the transformation of the US s corporate for-profit medical system into a national Medicare For All public program. They condemned the notorious Wall Street swindlers and denounced police state legislation and violence. But in the end, they always voted for Democratic Party Presidential candidates who pursued the exact opposite agenda.Over time this political contrast between program and practice led to the transformation of the Progressives. And what we see today are US progressives embracing and promoting the politics of the far right.To understand this transformation we will begin by identifying who and what the progressives are and describe their historical role. We will then proceed to identify their trajectory over the recent decades.We will outline the contours of recent Presidential campaigns where Progressives were deeply involved.We will focus on the dynamics of political regression: From resistance to submission, from retreat to surrender.We will conclude by discussing the end result: The Progressives  large-scale, long-term embrace of far-right ideology and practice.Progressives by Name and PostureProgressives purport to embrace  progress , the growth of the economy, the enrichment of society and freedom from arbitrary government. Central to the Progressive agenda was the end of elite corruption and good governance, based on democratic procedures.Progressives prided themselves as appealing to  reason, diplomacy and conciliation , not brute force and wars. They upheld the sovereignty of other nations and eschewed militarism and armed intervention.Progressives proposed a vision of their fellow citizens pursuing incremental evolution toward the  good society , free from the foreign entanglements, which had entrapped the people in unjust wars.Progressives in Historical PerspectiveIn the early part of the 20th century, progressives favored political equality while opposing extra-parliamentary social transformations. They supported gender equality and environmental preservation while failing to give prominence to the struggles of workers and African Americans.They denounced militarism in general but supported a series of wars to end all wars . Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson embodied the dual policies of promoting peace at home and bloody imperial wars overseas. By the middle of the 20th century, different strands emerged under the progressive umbrella. Progressives split between traditional good government advocates and modernists who backed socio-economic reforms, civil liberties and rights.Progressives supported legislation to regulate monopolies, encouraged collective bargaining and defended the Bill of Rights.Progressives opposed wars and militarism in theory  until their government went to war.Lacking an effective third political party, progressives came to see themselves as the left wing of the Democratic Party, allies of labor and civil rights movements and defenders of civil liberties.Progressives joined civil rights leaders in marches, but mostly relied on legal and electoral means to advance African American rights.Progressives played a pivotal role in fighting McCarthyism, though ultimately it was the Secretary of the Army and the military high command that brought Senator McCarthy to his knees.Progressives provided legal defense when the social movements disrupted the House UnAmerican Activities Committee.They popularized the legislative arguments that eventually outlawed segregation, but it was courageous Afro-American leaders heading mass movements that won the struggle for integration and civil rights.In many ways the Progressives complemented the mass struggles, but their limits were defined by the constraints of their membership in the Democratic Party.The alliance between Progressives and social movements peaked in the late sixties to mid-1970 s when the Progressives followed the lead of dynamic and advancing social movements and community organizers especially in opposition to the wars in Indochina and the military draft.The Retreat of the ProgressivesBy the late 1970 s the Progressives had cut their anchor to the social movements, as the anti-war, civil rights and labor movements lost their impetus (and direction).The numbers of progressives within the left wing of the Democratic Party increased through recruitment from earlier social movements. Paradoxically, while their  numbers  were up, their caliber had declined, as they sought to  fit in  with the pro-business, pro-war agenda of their President s party.Without the pressure of the  populist street  the Progressives-turned-Democrats adapted to the corporate culture in the Party. The Progressives signed off on a fatal compromise: The corporate elite secured the electoral party while the Progressives were allowed to write enlightened manifestos about the candidates and their programs . . . which were quickly dismissed once the Democrats took office. Yet the ability to influence the  electoral rhetoric  was seen by the Progressives as a sufficient justification for remaining inside the Democratic Party.Moreover the Progressives argued that by strengthening their presence in the Democratic Party, (their self-proclaimed boring from within strategy), they would capture the party membership, neutralize the pro-corporation, militarist elements that nominated the president and peacefully transform the party into a  vehicle for progressive changes .Upon their successful  deep penetration  the Progressives, now cut off from the increasingly disorganized mass social movements, coopted and bought out many prominent black, labor and civil liberty activists and leaders, while collaborating with what they dubbed the more malleable centrist Democrats. These mythical creatures were really pro-corporate Democrats who condescended to occasionally converse with the Progressives while working for the Wall Street and Pentagon elite.The Retreat of the Progressives: The Clinton DecadeProgressives adapted the  crab strategy : Moving side-ways and then backwards but never forward.Progressives mounted candidates in the Presidential primaries, which were predictably defeated by the corporate Party apparatus, and then submitted immediately to the outcome. The election of President  Bill  Clinton launched a period of unrestrained financial plunder, major wars of aggression in Europe (Yugoslavia) and the Middle East (Iraq), a military intervention in Somalia and secured Israel s victory over any remnant of a secular Palestinian leadership as well as its destruction of Lebanon!Progressives followed Clinton s deep throated thrust toward the far right, as he outsourced manufacturing jobs to Mexico (NAFTA) and re-appointed Federal Reserve s free market, Ayn Rand-fanatic, Alan Greenspan.Like a huge collective  Monica Lewinsky  robot, the Progressives in the Democratic Party bent over and swallowed Clinton s vicious 1999 savaging of the venerable Glass Steagall Act, thereby opening the floodgates for massive speculation on Wall Street through the previously regulated banking sector. When President Clinton gutted welfare programs, forcing single mothers to take minimum-wage jobs without provision for safe childcare, millions of poor white and minority women were forced to abandon their children to dangerous makeshift arrangements in order to retain any residual public support and access to minimal health care. Progressives looked the other way.Progressives repeatedly kneeled before President Clinton marking their submission to the Democrats   hard right  policies.The election of Republican President G. W. Bush (2001-2009) permitted Progressive s to temporarily trot out and burnish their anti-war, anti-Wall Street credentials. Out in the street, they protested Bush s savage invasion of Iraq (but not the destruction of Afghanistan). They protested the media reports of torture in Abu Ghraib under Bush, but not the massive bombing and starvation of millions of Iraqis that had occurred under Clinton. Progressives protested the expulsion of immigrants from Mexico and Central America, but were silent over the brutal uprooting of refugees resulting from US wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, or the systematic destruction of their nations  infrastructure.Progressives embraced Israel s bombing, jailing and torture of Palestinians by voting unanimously in favor of increasing the annual $3 billion dollar military handouts to the brutal Jewish State. They supported Israel s bombing and slaughter in Lebanon.Progressives were in retreat, but retained a muffled voice and inconsequential vote in favor of peace, justice and civil liberties. They kept a certain distance from the worst of the police state decrees by the Republican Administration.Progressives and Obama: From Retreat to SurrenderWhile Progressives maintained their tepid commitment to civil liberties, and their highly  leveraged  hopes for peace in the Middle East, they jumped uncritically into the highly choreographed Democratic Party campaign for Barack Obama,  Wall Street s First Black President .Progressives had given up their quest to  realign  the Democratic Party from within : they turned from serious tourism to permanent residency. Progressives provided the foot soldiers for the election and re-election of the warmongering  Peace Candidate  Obama. After the election, Progressives rushed to join the lower echelons of his Administration. Black and white politicos joined hands in their heroic struggle to erase the last vestiges of the Progressives  historical legacy.Obama increased the number of Bush-era imperial wars to attacking seven weak nations under American s  First Black  President s bombardment, while the Progressives ensured that the streets were quiet and empty.When Obama provided trillions of dollars of public money to rescue Wall Street and the bankers, while sacrificing two million poor and middle class mortgage holders, the Progressives only criticized the bankers who received the bailout, but not Obama s Presidential decision to protect and reward the mega-swindlers.Under the Obama regime social inequalities within the United States grew at an unprecedented rate. The Police State Patriot Act was massively extended to give President Obama the power to order the assassination of US citizens abroad without judicial process. The Progressives did not resign when Obama s  kill orders  extended to the  mistaken  murder of his target s children and other family member, as well as unidentified bystanders. The icon carriers still paraded their banner of the first black American President when tens of thousands of black Libyans and immigrant workers were slaughtered in his regime-change war against President Gadhafi Continue this article at Information Clearing HouseREAD MORE POLICE STATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Police State FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22068,STAR WARS 2.0: Washington’s Battle to Fund Space Warfare,"21st Century Wire says In 1983, US President Ronald Reagan launched the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI), a space-based anti-missile system which came to be known as  Star Wars.  At the time, SDI was meant to give the US a nuclear first-strike against advantage against its geopolitical rival the Soviet Union by using various weaponized technologies including lasers, to intercept Soviet ICBM missiles in space. In the end, the program proved to be too costly, too complicated for a practical role out, and ineffective against non-space faring weapons like cruise missiles, submarine based missile batteries and long range bombers.  Now in 2017, as the Cold War is being re-heated again, the West is potentially looking at the complete militarization of outer space. This time the US nemesis is both Russia and China. But what really driving this new  space race  agenda?Consortium News Exclusive: As a backdrop to the Russia-gate hysteria and the heightened fear of China is a budget war over how much U.S. taxpayer money to pour into space warfare, explains Jonathan Marshall By Jonathan MarshallThere s a civil war being fought on our nation s soil, right in our capital. It pits the Secretary of Defense and senior generals against a bipartisan band of militant legislators who accuse the Pentagon of standing pat while Russian and China work to achieve military superiority over the United States in space.No doubt these bureaucratic warriors will eventually call a truce. But in the meantime, the American people will almost certainly become less secure and more indebted (in budget terms) as a result of both sides  macho posturing for new warfighting capabilities in space (differing mostly on how far and how fast to go).Eager congressional advocates of space warfare have attached an amendment to the House defense authorization bill requiring the Pentagon to create a new U.S. Space Corps to join the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines and Coast Guard by 2019. Currently, the Air Force oversees most space warfare projects.The amendment has sent senior Pentagon leadership into a tizzy. Secretary of Defense James Mattis  strongly  urged Congress to rescind the requirement, stating in a letter that  it is premature to add additional organization and administrative tail to the department at a time I am trying to reduce overhead. Similarly, Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson protested that the proposal will simply  add more boxes to the organization chart.  Meanwhile, Gen. John W. Raymond, commander of Air Force Space Command, insisted that his service has space matters well in hand. (He should be happy   the Pentagon recently raised his position to a 4-star rank.)Upping the AnteIn response, Rep. Mike Rogers, an Alabama Republican and chairman of the Strategic Forces subcommittee, announced that he was  pissed  and  outraged  at the Air Force for fighting the new Space Command, saying its obstructionism would  set back efforts to respond to adversaries and space threats  and allow Russia and China  to surpass us soon. The Air Force leadership would have us trust them: I don t think so,  Rogers sneered, as if speaking about the Russians.  They just need a few more years to rearrange the deck chairs: I don t think so. This is the same Air Force that got us into the situation where the Russians and the Chinese are near-peers to us in space.  He vowed,  We will not allow the status quo to continue. Behind all the fiery argumentation lies a bipartisan consensus that the United States must sharply increase its spending on the militarization of space to maintain global supremacy. Gen. Raymond applauded Congress for recognizing the  national imperative  of his mission to  normalize, elevate, and integrate space as a war-fighting domain. Secretary Wilson published an op-ed column last month on her new initiatives to  develop space airmen who have the tools, training, and resources to fight when   not if   war extends into space.  She fully expects Congress to follow through on her request for a 20 percent increase in Air Force space funding. (Total military spending on space, including non-Air Force programs like the National Reconnaissance Office, came to about $22 billion last year.)What s driving all this activity   aside from baser motives of bureaucratic advantage and financial gain  are  intelligence assessments  that  China and Russia have aggressive programs to both demonstrate and produce eventual operational capability to . . . attack our space assets across the spectrum,  in the words of David Hardy, acting deputy undersecretary of the Air Force for Space. While we re not at war in space, I don t think we can say we re exactly at peace, either, said Navy Vice Adm. Charles A. Richard, deputy commander of U.S. Strategic Command, in March. Gen. John Hyten, head of the Pentagon s Strategic Command, recently declared that the United States needs not only a good defense, but  an offensive capability to challenge  space threats from Russia and China.The High Stakes in SpaceThe stakes are potentially huge because the United States uses space for all manner of command, control, and intelligence missions, not to mention civilian applications. Orbiting satellites provide near-real-time images of conflict zones, sense missile launches and nuclear tests, provide precise positioning coordinates to guide weapons systems, and route secure communications to remote regions of the globe Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE SPACE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Space FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22069,Boiler Room EP #117 – Straight Outta Tavistock & The Woke AF Zombie Apocalypse,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer & Jamie Hanshaw of Jay s Analysis and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and seventeenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re focused on the Tavistock style social engineering tactics that have been imposed upon western society, their origins, their modern manifestations and their effects on different generations over time that have been exposed to them. Join us for some laughs, some face-palm moments, some enlightening context to where we find ourselves in this place in time and history. The gang lays out the pitfalls of  blue-pill,   normie life,  some James Bond trivia, Hollywood analysis and an ice breaker likely to make you cringe.Direct Download Episode #117Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22070,NOTHING BIG MAC: Donald Trump Jr Caught in Latest Russiamania Ragbag,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireDespite repeated failures in litigating the  Russian Collusion  case, America s mainstream media and liberal establishment are still trying to manifest new episodes, hoping that one will turn up Trump.What was billed by the US mainstream media this week as a smoking gun, still hasn t produced anything remotely compelling, not by normal journalistic standards anyway.At first it looked salacious and on first read had all the makings of a Russo-American sequel to Get Shorty Last summer, well before Russiamania descended upon the US media and body politic, a former Trump Organization and entertainment agent associate, Rob Goldstone, emailed Donald Trump Jr about an interesting meeting in Trump Tower. Goldstone laid the bait, according to an email chain released by Donald Trump Jr this week, indicating that the purpose of the meeting was as follows:  to provide the Trump campaign with some official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father. This is obviously very high level and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government s support for Mr Trump. No doubt intriguing, to which Trump the younger replied: If it s what you say I love it especially later in the summer. At last, no more vegan news. Russiagate has finally served up some red meat, and so it began.In a personal statement released on Monday by Donald Trump Jr, he maintained his innocence regarding the matter: The information they suggested they had about Hillary Clinton I thought was Political Opposition Research. Obviously I'm the first person on a campaign to ever take a meeting to hear info about an opponent  went nowhere but had to listen. https://t.co/ccUjL1KDEa  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 10, 2017By that time the media had already made the jump to hyperspace. The headlines all hummed in unison, gleefully touting along the lines of,  At last, they all thought, after 10 months and hundreds of millions of dollars spent, and public money wasted, and thousands of hours of hollow media coverage   we ve finally got it! If the media is to believed, you d think that every Trump-Russia story is a precursor for his impeachment.If there s one thing we ve learned from the media by now, it s that even if it s an obvious cul-de-sac, they can still sustain a Trump-Russian story for most of the working week. Just this morning, an enthusiastic Washington Post, still going strong, pushed out the headline which read: Category 5 hurricane : White House under siege by Trump Jr. s Russia revelations. Not surprisingly, CNN was just as determined, like a dog searching for its chew toy under the couch. CNN breaking news voiceover presenter announced loudly,  Another potential bombshell report from the New York Times  the key word here being  potential,  but that s already a stretch. There are plenty in the media who would like there to be something there, but to paraphrase one of the great political eels of all time, Donna Brazile   There is no there, there. While pushing the story on Tuesday, CNN s lead paragraph was keen to stress that President Donald Trump s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr, met a  Russian government attorney    even though everyone already knew by that time that the attorney in question, Natalia Veselnitskaya, had already stated she had never acted on behalf of the Russian government.Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya (Source: The Australian) According to Donald Trump Jr s own personal statement and email chain released on Twitter, Russian lawyer Veselnitskaya produced no useful dirt on Hillary Clinton at the supposedly magnanimous meeting in Trump Tower and claims the meeting was really about the Magnitsky Act, signed by President Barack Obama in 2012 which contained targeted sanctions against Russian individuals and which also put the brakes on US-Russia adoptions. At the time we were told that Russian President Vladimir Putin viewed the Act as an affront to Russian national interests and retaliated by halting American adoptions of Russian children.The Magnitsky Affair became the cause de jour for the West as well as the opening salvo in the New Cold War, but according to  veteran investigative reporter Robert Parry the real details of this scandal have been purposefully blocked from Western eyes and ears. Instead, a mythology has been perpetuated which persists to this day thanks to the efforts of one of the scandal s protagonists, hedge-fund operator William Browder.Beyond the palace intrigue and the Magnitsky angle, no mainstream journalists seem brave enough to ask the simple question: is there a story here? In the end, no information was passed to Trump, and no crime appears to have been committed. It s not just a nothing burger, it s a nothing Big Mac.Staying to the task at hand, the New York Times kept establishment s Russiamania on track. Right on queue, the New York Times responded to Trump Jr s email release by trying elevate the alleged incident to the level of  Russian collusion  with its headline, When the Kremlin Says  Adoptions,  It Means  Sanctions . CNN also used the opportunity to recycle and repeat what should be by now a discredited piece of fiction by crowing,  The US intelligence community concluded that Russian President Vladimir Putin directed an influence campaign to hurt Clinton and help Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign Apparently, unhinged editors at CNN are still asleep to the fact that the New York Times had already jettisoned the  17 agencies  fable when they retracted their yarn ten days previous:After seeming to ditch that big white lie which served as the mainstream s keystone anti-Russia trope since the last October, the New York Times has since tried to rehabilitate the narrative in Matthew Rosenburg s frail opus entitled,  Trump Misleads on Russian Meddling: Why 17 Intelligence Agencies Don t Need to Agree. In other words,  Yes, we misled the public on the 17 agencies tale, but he s still guilty. Assange InterventionThe most amazing turn in this story however, does not have to do with the contents of the emails, but rather who took them public first.We re told that someone had possession of the incriminating email chain, and had supplied this to the New York Times.On July 10th, while the story was still percolating, the New York Times boasted:  The Times now has the email to Donald Trump Jr. offering Russian aid to  incriminate Hillary. It seems that while the NYT was gloating over the potential of the story, editor Dean Baquet forgot the golden rule in investigative journalism: publish first, then celebrate. Champagne corks were already popping down on Eight Avenue in advance of the email release, and why not? They really believed they finally had a genuine Russiagate story this time.Here's my statement and the full email chain pic.twitter.com/x050r5n5LQ  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 11, 2017Once Trump Jr tweeted out the email chain, the story suddenly shifted away from how damning the revelations are for the White House   to how badly the New York Times fumbled this story. If Trump Jr hadn t released the emails, it s a near certainty that the NYT would have cropped and dripped out what it felt were the most juicy bits, and wrapped those in a prefabricated Russiagate narrative, to be disseminated to the Washington Post, CNN, NBC et all. .What incensed the media more than anything was that he had beaten the media to the story by releasing his own emails on Twitter. That canny move by Donald Jr was in part due to the timely intervention and advice by none other than Wikileaks founder Julian Assange who tweeted out after the fact:Contacted Trump Jr this morning on why he should publish his emails (i.e with us). Two hours later, does it himself: https://t.co/FzCttGSyr6  Julian Assange (@JulianAssange) July 11, 2017Later, Assange explained his actions on Twitter:  I argued that his enemies have it   so why not the public? His enemies will just milk isolated phrases for weeks or months  with their own context, spin and according to their own strategic timetable. Better to be transparent and have the full context  but would have been safer for us to publish it anonymously sourced. By publishing it himself it is easier to submit as evidence. Nonetheless, Donald Jr humiliated the New York Times. By telegraphing their story, they gave him an easy opening, in effect beating the New York Times and sucking any available oxygen out of the story.Slightly further up the leftwing of America s east coast intelligensia food chain, The Atlantic Magazine attempted to re-heat this fabulous nothing burger. With no real story to follow-up on, as a consolation prize, writer Mark Galeotti instead focused on  the bizarre as its cast of characters  surrounding this story as he tried to surmise how indicative of an unelected network of wealthy oligarchs, captains of industry and powerful corporations who really run things in Mother Russia. In essence, The Atlantic s Galeotti is complaining that there might actually be a Russian deep state permeating the halls of power in Moscow. He states: These hybrid relationships extend to virtually every arena of state business. The state media is an engine of propaganda. Private banks and businesspeople are, for the most part, exactly who and what they appear to be, but they are used to funnel money to sympathetic foreign parties and politicians when the Kremlin pleases. So, Russia has a deep state too. Is the United States, the UK, or any other Western country  any different?Interestingly, it was The Atlantic who ran a host of Trump-related  deep state  articles through the latter part of the US election cycle. So it s: deep state in the USA = an acceptable fact of life, but deep state in Russia = an evil Putinism.Music promoter Rob Goldstone (Source: Mediaite)Who is Rob Goldstone? If there was ever a dodgy actor in this story, it s this man. We re told that the instigator-cum-middleman of this affair is one Rob Goldstone, a former Trump business associate from the Miss Universe event, and former promoter of Russian-based pop singer and businessman Emin Agalarov. According to the email chain, it was Agalarov who is said to have prompted the meeting at Trump Tower between Trump Jr and Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya, along with President Trump s son-in-law Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort who was Trump s newly appointed campaign boss.Wayward music svengali Goldstone told the future US president s son,   the crown prosecutor of Russia  offered  to provide the Trump campaign with some official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father. This has all the makings of a classic political set-up, with Goldstone positioned as the potential schlepper.Agalarov s family attorney Scott Balber told RT: Rob Goldstone was a publicist, a promoter for Emin s musical career. So, they certainly had a relationship in that regard, Balber said, adding that arranging a meeting about some top-secret information, allegedly coming from the Russian government, was obviously out of Goldstone s competence. Rob Goldstone is an entertainment industry publicist. So, I think it s fair to say that he was out of his alignment in making these communications. And what he said   is not true. CNN s Kathy Griffin pictured here with Rob Goldstone, date and location of image unknown:Don't recall taking this photo with Russian intermediary Rob Goldstone, but I am in my Dynasty hat waiting for my interview with Mr. Mueller pic.twitter.com/VZ4iT1SuJX  Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) July 10, 2017Goldstone appears to be a bit of an artful dodger who keeps some interesting company, including Kathy Griffin of CNN fame (see tweet above). Not surprisingly, Griffin can be seen on Twitter trying to milk the Trump Jr-Goldstone scandal for some extra publicity. It was Griffin, commonly referred to as a  female comedian    who had her CNN New Years Eve contract canceled following last month s mock ISIS-style beheading of President Trump.What REAL Collusion Looks likeThe word collusion is a new one for Americans. You almost never heard it before 2017. It came into our cultural lexicon after the previous two iterations of Russiagate were decommissioned due to repeated failures. The first iteration was  Russian hacking  of US elections which despite monumental efforts by the media and Democratic Party   could not actually produce any evidence.  Russian hacking  was later downgraded to  Russian meddling,  which like the hacking meme, led absolutely nowhere. Then came collusion, which in the case of Trump, appears to be going nowhere. Since then,  collusion  has since been lowered to an effete, Russian influence. Back in January however, Politico revealed how the Clinton campaign had actually colluded with the Ukrainian government to spread anti-Trump stories and information during the 2016 election.Unlike the US liberal establishment s Russiagate Hoax, the Clinton-Ukraine story is real, and a definite breach of numerous codes, and possibly illegal. This incredible story was later summarized here by The Daily Caller:A veteran DNC operative who previously worked in the Clinton White House, Alexandra Chalupa, worked with Ukrainian government officials and journalists from both Ukraine and America to dig up Russia-related opposition research on Trump and Manafort. She also shared her anti-Trump research with both the DNC and the Clinton campaign, according to the Politico report. Chalupa met with Ukrainian Ambassador Valeriy Chaly and one of his aides, Oksara Shulyar, at the Ukrainian Embassy in March 2016 to talk about unearthing Paul Manafort s Russian connections, Chalupa admitted to Politico. Four days later, Trump officially hired Manafort. The day after Manafort s hiring was revealed, she briefed the DNC s communications staff on Manafort, Trump and their ties to Russia, according to an operative familiar with the situation,  Politico reported.The Politico report also notes that the DNC encouraged Chalupa to try to arrange an interview with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko to talk about Manafort s ties to the former pro-Russia president of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych, whom Manafort previously advised.To make matters worse, the Clinton campaign then actively coordinated a number of mainstream media journalists to spread the information:In one email released by WikiLeaks, Chalupa told Luis Miranda, then the DNC s communications director, that she was working with Yahoo News reporter Michael Isikoff and  connected him to the Ukrainians. A lot more coming down the pipe. I spoke to a delegation of 68 investigative journalists from Ukraine last Wednesday at the Library of Congress   the Open World Society s forum   they put me on the program to speak specifically about Paul Manafort and I invited [Yahoo News reporter] Michael Isikoff whom I ve been working with for the past few weeks and connected him to the Ukrainians,  Chalupa told Miranda.  More offline tomorrow since there is a big Trump component you and Lauren need to be aware of that will hit in next few weeks and something I m working on you should be aware of. The Open World Leadership Center, which funded Chalupa s briefing of journalists about Manafort, is a taxpayer-funded congressional agency. Regarding the media colluding with Clinton, one of the most disturbing examples of this was when CNN s foreign affairs correspondent Elise Labott (image, left) was caught red-handed coordinating with former Hillary Clinton spokesman and State Department aid, Philippe Reines, on how to damage the public image of former GOP presidential candidate and Kentucky Senator Rand Paul during the 2013 Benghazi Hearings. A batch of emails which was released by Gawker showed how Labott took direction from Reines on how to craft tweets during the January 23, 2013 Senate Foreign Relations Committee Hearing. At the time, Senator Paul was pressing Clinton on the details of Benghazi, and the joint-attack by Reines and CNN s Labott looked very much like retribution. Both Labott and Reines conferred, before Labott tweeted to her followers:  Sen Paul most critical on committee of Clinton, but a little late to the #Benghazi game. Not sure he was at many of the 30 previous briefings. This was a clear effort behind the scenes to defame a sitting US Senator by a member of the press colluding with a Clinton operative. You d think that Elise Labott would have been sacked for this, but after all it s CNN   which means she not only kept her job, but probably got a pay rise to boot.We also learned how Clinton campaign operatives had paid large sums of cash to a shady Washington DC firm called Fusion GPS to conduct  opposition research  on Donald Trump. The firm was originally hired by rival GOP primary candidates to research Trump, but after Trump knocked out all 16 of his rivals and secured the Republican Party nomination, Fusion GPS was then re-hired by Democratic Party donors. Fusion GPS used a portion of that money to contract a former British intelligence agent, Christopher Steele, in order to help produce what would later become known as the  Trump Dossier  which was then handed to one of the establishment s information laundromats, BuzzFeed (owned by NBCUniversal), which was then seized (surprise, surprise) by CNN. Both media outlets happily seized upon the bogus report, claiming to have  damning new information on Donald Trump s ties with Russia.  Steele s colorful report claimed that Russia s FSB intel agency had Kompromat on Trump gathered during a trip to Moscow in 2013. It was this incident which eventually prompted then President-elect Trump to christen CNN and its frivolous correspondent Jim Acosta as  Fake News,  widely regarded as a well-earned label and one which the network hasn t been able to shake off ever since.How this cartel of disinformation goes unregistered on the ethics meter by America s liberal establishment is shocking enough   and speaks to both the built-in bias, and cognitive dissonance that plagues America s bustling partisan media and political establishments.Interestingly, UK website The Independent reported how Ms Veselnitskaya is believed to be linked to Fusion GPS. If there is any truth in that claim, then it could lend further credence to the idea that this entire scenario was an establishment stitch-up, possibly to snare the Trump camp in another Russian scandal. According to their report: A complaint filed last year claimed that GPS Fusion headed the pro-Russia campaign to kill the Magnitsky Act. Fusion GPS is the company behind the creation of the unsubstantiated dossier alleging a conspiracy between President Trump and Russia,  Senator Chuck Grassley wrote in the letter.  It is highly troubling that Fusion GPS appears to have been working with someone with ties to Russian intelligence   let alone someone alleged to have conducted political disinformation campaigns  as part of a pro-Russia lobbying effort while also simultaneously overseeing the creation of the Trump-Russia dossier. Did Fusion GPS arrange this meeting between Trump Jr and Veselnitskaya?The firm denies any involvement stating,  Fusion GPS learned about this meeting from news reports and had no prior knowledge of it. Any claim that Fusion GPS arranged or facilitated this meeting in any way is false. But that rabbit hole leads somewhere, although it s not clear exactly where yet.We do know for sure: that the US mainstream media, especially the New York Times and CNN, cannot be trusted to cover this story fairly or accurately.Watch as 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen discusses the media s dilemma with RT International on July 11th:  *** Patrick Henningsen is an American-born writer and global affairs analyst and founder of independent news and analysis site 21st Century Wire and host of the SUNDAY WIRE weekly radio show broadcast globally over the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR).READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22071,Armed US immigration Officers to Be Stationed in UK Airports,"21st Century Wire says This latest move by the US is being sold to unwitting British holiday makers and business travelers as a  solution to long immigration queues at US airports. Under the new scheme, airlines would be forced to foot the bill for US security personnel and their families to live in the UK. They plan to pay for this by simply passing the extra costs onto passengers travelling from Britain to the US. In other words: air travel may have become more expensive for Brits heading to the US.It s not clear exactly why US officers have to be armed in UK airports. Not surprisingly, few UK media outlets bothered to even question that aspect of the story.Will the British government end up accepting this aggressive move by the US? If so, will it be a dangerous precedent?More from the Daily Mail Chris Pleasance Mail OnlineArmed US immigration officers could be stationed at airports in the UK under plans being discussed between the White House and Westminster.Under the plans British passengers would have their visa paperwork checked before boarding flights, allowing them to skip some queues after arriving in America.But there are fears it could drive up the price of tickets as it remains unclear who will foot the bill for immigration officers to live in this country.Both Manchester and Edinburgh Airport are said to be eager to join the scheme.Heathrow bosses are believed to have turned the idea down because the obstacles involved in bringing immigration officers to this country are insurmountable.Meanwhile Gatwick declared that it has  no plans  to participate in the scheme.Home Office officials confirmed that the plans were being discussed. While it would be up to each airport to negotiate a different process with US authorities, the scheme would need overall approval by the government.The US already has special immigration checks in six countries around the world, with more than 600 law enforcement officers are stationed at 15 locations.Pre-clearance operations in Dublin and Shannon in Ireland opened in 2008 Continue this story at the Daily MailREAD MMORE POLICE STATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Police State FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22072,"Boiler Room EP #116 – Trigger GIFs, Send in the Clowns","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along Andy Nowicki, Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East and FunkSoul & Miles of Truth (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and sixteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re discussing the past week of fake news, mainstream lies, polititricks and psyops to certainly include the reaction of CNN to President Trump retweeting a GIF that seems to have triggered the leftist top outlet for fake news. We also dug into an article by Miles of Truth centering on Afghanistan, the new influx of troops expected to be heading there, the effect on the black market drug trade, tribal warlords being supported by the military & intelligence agencies and more. Tonight we hit 2 million listens on the ACR spreaker channel which we re celebrating also! Here s to the next million listens! Cheers and thanks to all the Boiler Room and ACR listeners out there.Direct Download Episode #116Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22073,#CNNBlackmail Trending as Network Blackmails Trump Meme Reddit User,"21st Century WireYesterday, US mainstream media outlet CNN threatened to expose the identity of a Reddit user who is said to have created the spoof  WWF  video meme which was Tweeted by President Donald Trump on Sunday morning, showing Trump in a cartoon fight with CNN.This was the offending Tweet which Trump released on Sunday morning, including a video meme gleaned from Reddit: #FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017Apparently, CNN was so distraught over Trump s online prank which CNN claimed promoted violence against reporters    that the cable news network tried (unsuccessfully) to get Twitter to remove it from their website.CNN then went on to report on Monday boasting about how they trolled and tracked the Reddit user under the handle HanAssholeSolo who had created the original meme.The following day on Tuesday, the Reddit user made a public apology (since deleted, but posted here at Buzzfeed News). But the apology wasn t voluntary   as CNN appears to have blackmailed the man.Ultimately, CNN decided not to reveal his identity  not for safety reasons, but for political ones, apparently rewarding him for apologizing and recanting his views. In addition, CNN threatened to expose the Reddit user s identity in future if it disapproved of his behavior or his statements   essentially blackmailing him:Now, CNN has been accused of both threatening and blackmailing the creator of the wrestling meme.CNN s KFile  discovered the real identity of the Reddit user credited with creating the meme, HanA**holeSolo, and tried to contact him. The meme creator then apologized on Reddit, saying he doesn t advocate violence against the media. According to CNN, he then got in touch with KFile and asked not to be named. CNN also said that it would not publish the man s name, because he is a private citizen who has issued an extensive statement of apology,  and that CNN reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change. As a result of the controversy, the hashtag #CNNBlackmail has been trending on Twitter.The online backlash has been hard and swift, as thousands of Tweets reveal the scale of public distaste for CNN:""CNN: The Most Trusted Name In Silencing Political Dissent""#CNNBlackmail pic.twitter.com/w0Lpl2ZGc2  Wrongthink Warlord (@NoSlackDelta) July 5, 2017If anyone tried to do what CNN just did on reddit, twitter or almost any online community   they would get instanstly banned. #CNNBlackmail pic.twitter.com/JbtRNPDUYK  Murad Gazdiev (@MuradGazdiev) July 5, 2017CNN tracks a 15 year old meme maker down in a few days but can't prove Russia conspiracy in over a year. #CNNBlackmail  Randy Newton (@threezeroleft) July 5, 2017It s no surprise that CNN reputation has been steadily tanking following a string of fake news reports regarding President Trump and Russia, along with some of the most abysmal journalism ever seen in modern times during its coverage of the 2016 election where it openly backed the eventual loser, Hillary Clinton, as well as continuous bogus reporting coming out of Syria where CNN has repeatedly laid the false claim that,  Assad is gassing his own people. READ MORE CNN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire CNN FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22074,"In the Age of Amazon, Are Traditional Shopping Malls Dead?","USA Meg Mall in Seattle, WA (Source: Bynyalcin @Wikicommons)21st Century WireTraditional U.S. retailers are staring out at the abyss with massive layoffs expected to continue into the next quarter of 2017, according to a report by MarketWatch. In the last four years, traditional retailers have cut more than 200,000 jobs. In contrast, Amazon is set to create 100,000 new full-time jobs over the year in the US.In the early days of Amazon.com the online retailer struggled to turn a profit. Inc. Magazine explains: Despite having revenues of $1.6 billion in 1999, Amazon still managed to lose $719 million. Things didn t get better in 2000, when it was found that Amazon had just around  $350 million of cash on hand,  despite raising billions of dollars. Traditional shopping malls and retailers simply cannot match the lower overhead Amazon business model. The difference between running a warehouse-based infrastructure and a fully operational, brick and mortar venue is pretty obvious   the costs in building and maintaining large bespoke spaces which require 24/7 maintenance and costly renovations, repairs, remodeling.Bloomberg reports: The owner of the Newgate Mall plans to pour $500,000 into overhauling the outdated food court in a bid to lure restaurateurs and hungry shoppers. Rent payments from eateries are never going to recoup the renovation costs, but for landlord Time Equities Inc., that s not the point. The point is survival. Costs are escalating as mall owners work to keep their real estate up to date and fill the void left by failing stores. The companies are turning to everything from restaurants and bars to mini-golf courses and rock-climbing gyms to draw in customers who appear more interested in being entertained during a trip to the mall than they are in buying clothes and electronics. The new tenants will pay higher rents than struggling chains such as Macy s and Sears, and hopefully attract more traffic for retailers at the property, according to Haendel St. Juste, an analyst at Mizuho Securities USA LLC. More than a dozen retailers have gone bankrupt this year as the shift toward online shopping accelerates. Even healthy companies are shutting hundreds of locations. As many as 13,000 stores are forecast to close next year, compared with 4,000 in 2016, according to brokerage Cushman & Wakefield Inc. Are we looking at a new commercial property bubble forming here   as the late 20th century shopping model struggles to remain relevant? St. Juste certainly thinks so: The math is pretty obvious, pretty compelling, but there are risks,  St. Juste said in an interview.  This hasn t been done before on a broad scale. With so many traditional retailers failing to compete with Amazon, it s only a mater of time before there s an over-supply of commercial retail property on the market, leading to an inevitable drop in the price per square foot. How long until Amazon moves in and buys-up large retail properties on the cheap, and rolls-out Amazon s new brick and mortar digital shopping experience?READ MORE FINANCIAL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Financial FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22075,"AFGHANISTAN: Forgotten, But Not Gone"," US Army paratrooper in Afghanistan s Konar province (Photo: Spc. Lorenzo Ware/US Army. Source: Wikicommons)Miles Elliott 21st Century WireThe war in Afghanistan is the longest war in US history. Now in its 16th year (and third US President), one might expect the war to be winding down; however, with a resurgent Taliban, and ISIS allegedly present in the country as well, President Trump has recently delegated authority over prosecution of the war to the Pentagon. Now, additional US and NATO troops are being deployed to Afghanistan, and Secretary of Defense James Mattis (together with National Security Advisor HR McMaster) is developing a new, more aggressive strategy for the war. In short, there is no end in sight.Although other wars have claimed this title in the past, Afghanistan is referred to by many as  the forgotten war.  Even though it has been responsible for the deaths of thousands of US troops and many more people from Afghanistan, it sits nowhere near the forefront of public consciousness; it is more a vague blob in the public s peripheral vision. Nine years ago, in July 2008, PBS aired a video report from their correspondent embedded with US troops in Afghanistan. Even then, at a time before George W Bush had vacated the Oval Office, the title of the video was Afghanistan: The Forgotten War . Then, eight years later at the height of 2016 presidential race, the LA Times published an editorial called  Afghanistan: The campaign s forgotten war , in which the author points out that neither Hillary Clinton nor Donald Trump even bothered to mention Afghanistan in their convention speeches.Trump was critical of US military interventionism during his campaign however, and even before his bid for the presidency began, he was in the habit of taking to Twitter to lambast the Obama administration for perpetuating the war in Afghanistan.Let s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense!  Rebuild the USA.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2013But that did not stop Obama   who promised to end the war by 2014 from leaving the White House in January 2017 with 8,400 US troops still stationed in Afghanistan. It is also not stopping Trump himself from reversing course and presiding over the next escalation of US involvement in the country.With the Taliban now in control of more territory than it has been since the US first went into Afghanistan in 2001, and the supposed appearance of ISIS in the country, one has to wonder what the last 16 years have really been about.Surge 4.0For the past few weeks, the American mainstream press has been reporting on Pentagon plans to send additional troops to Afghanistan. Although the number 4,000 has been widely circulated, no official announcements regarding the number or strategy have yet been made. The new strategy is set to be publicly announced in mid-July, and it looks as though more US troops will be sent to Afghanistan to add to the 8,500 American troops already in country. Similarly, fifteen of the twenty-nine NATO member nations so far have also agreed to send more troops to Afghanistan to add to the current NATO presence of 5,000 troops. (It should be noted that there is not currently a US or NATO combat mission in Afghanistan; instead, foreign troops are there on a mission to train Afghan forces.)There is serious doubt among informed observers as to whether an additional few thousand troops will make any difference. After the number 4,000 had been suggested, General Jack Keane, former vice chief-of-staff of the US Army, suggested that between 10,000 and 20,000 additional troops were needed to make a difference. Similarly, in the past few days, former CIA director and defense secretary Leon Panetta also weighed in, echoing Keane s opinion that 4,000 troops would not change the momentum.As Danny Sjursen (the author of the article below) points out, the upcoming surge  in troop levels would be the fourth such move made by the US, following three similar increases by Bush and Obama in the years 2008-2010. It is beginning to look like escalating (or, in the case of Bush, starting) war in Afghanistan is something of a rite of passage for new presidents, as all three commanders-in-chief who have presided over the war have done so within the first year of their first terms. The question is, what is the US government actually trying to achieve, and is  winning  even possible?Remember how the mainstream media treated the surge orchestrated by General David Petraeus in Iraq in 2007. The idea of the surge was received with fawning adoration throughout the media, and even by President Bush, who played his part in helping to advertise and hype up the strategy. And afterwards Petraeus had no problem taking all the credit for his  success .Except it wasn t a success. Its goals of ending sectarian violence and reconciling Sunnis, Shiites and Kurds were noble, but were not achieved with any meaningful staying power; the destabilization originally introduced by US intervention ultimately prevailed, and ISIS was the result. The point is that in Iraq, the surge was a triumph of marketing, a rebrand, a new sexy cover for a grisly reality. According to the Boston Globe: For Americans, the myth of the victorious surge is so seductive because it perpetuates an illusion of control. It frames the Iraq War as something other than a geostrategic blunder and remembers our effort as something more than a stalemate. What s more, it reinforces the notion that it s possible to influence events around the world, if only military force is deployed properly. It s a myth that makes victory in the current Iraq mission appear achievable. Now replace the word  Iraq  with  Afghanistan .One sad and daunting possibility is that Afghanistan has become a sort of operations  incubator  used by the West, that one of the purposes served by a perpetual US and NATO presence there is to provide real-life training and experience to their troops, and to test weapons and equipment. Over time, a very significant number of foreign troops can be cycled in from various countries, and those countries then benefit from being able to test out new weapons, bombs, combat methods, training, and operational procedures and tactics. This prospect is even mentioned in Danny Sjursen s article: As one high-ranking Afghan official recently lamented, thinking undoubtedly of the first use in his land of the largest non-nuclear bomb on the planet,  Is the plan just to use our country as a testing ground for bombs?' If that is even partly the case, the West requires a theater of war containing a long, infinitely extendable conflict in order to fulfil these requirements for the wider military-industrial complex. In Afghanistan, that s exactly what they have.A Flawed StrategyIn a recent article by independent journalist Gareth Porter, he points out that the US strategy in Afghanistan has a fatal flaw, which goes a long way toward explaining why the war is not being  won : The real reason for the fundamental weakness of the US-NATO war is the fact that the United States has empowered a rogues  gallery of Afghan warlords whose militias have imposed a regime of chaos, violence and oppression on the Afghan population   stealing, killing and raping with utter impunity. In Porter s view, American objectives and methods in ousting the Taliban may have been short-sighted, as the Taliban came to power partly as a response to the sexual violence and predatory behaviour of Afghan warlords . The organization [Taliban] appeared in 1994 in response to the desperate pleas of the population in the south  especially in a Kandahar province divided up by four warlords  to stop the wholesale abduction and rape of women and pre-teen boys, as well as the uncontrolled extortion of tolls by warlord troops. The Taliban portrayed themselves as standing for order and elementary justice against chaos and sexual violence, and they immediately won broad popular support to drive the warlords out of power across the south, finally taking over Kabul without a fight. Ever since the invasion in 2001, the US has played favorites with the warlords, pitting various leaders against one another; helping selected ones to become more powerful, allowing some to become regional governors, putting others on the CIA payroll, and eventually turning their private militias into the national police. Over the years several different US commanders have taken the reins of the war in Afghanistan, but this strategy of using the warlord militias persisted, since there was no other adequate source of manpower to provide security, not only for the general population in Afghanistan but also for the US-NATO coalition troops themselves.The occurrence of  green-on-blue  attacks by Afghan police or military against US/coalition forces (such as the one last month that killed three American soldiers) may be largely attributable to the strategy of using warlord militias, but it is worth mentioning that the Taliban also actively infiltrates both the Afghan National Army and the Afghan National Police. Moreover, in Helmand and Kandahar provinces in particular, profits from the drug trade provide temptation to every element in society. As one article stated, the two provinces burdened with the bulk of green-on-blue attacks are Helmand and Kandahar. It is no coincidence that these areas are where the Taliban are strongest, and where the country s highest levels of opium poppy cultivation help fund the insurgency. Although the frequency of green-on-blue attacks has declined (corresponding with the reduced US presence in Afghanistan), the number of different groups and interests represented on the ground make for an exceedingly complex web of relationships in which it is not always easy to see an attack coming.Coupled with the flawed and failing US strategy of alliances is an unwillingness to admit defeat amongst both civilian and military managers of the Afghan war. The combination of these two factors could be a significant contributing factor as to why the conflict shows no signs of ending. In an interview with Gareth Porter, radio host and antiwar activist Scott Horton made the point this way: It is the case that every one of these guys in the war cabinet are heavily invested in some sort of spin that they won or are winning, or that there is some kind of positive light at the end of the tunnel, because each and every one of them is wrapped up in it. [Secretary of Defense] Mattis was in the original war, and was the head of CENTCOM for a time in charge of the war. [National Security Advisor] McMaster was in charge of counter-corruption during the Petraeus-Obama surge in 2009-2012. You have the Secretary of Homeland Security who apparently has quite a bit of sway, Kelly, whose son died in Helmand province in Petraeus  surge, and they re not going to want to admit that that was a sunk cost lost, for understandable reasons. Dunford, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, as well, has been in charge of the Afghan war. So these men have everything to lose by admitting that they lost. Porter agrees that there are other contributing factors to the war being seemingly unending and unwinnable, such as: the careers of the US officers who serve there; the bureaucratic stakes of the Joint Special Operations Command and the CIA in their huge programs and facilities in the country; the political cost of admitting that it was a futile effort from the start. Plus, the Pentagon and the CIA are determined to hold on to Afghan airstrips they use to carry out drone war in Pakistan for as long as possible. A word that frequently gets used with regard to the Afghan conflict is  stalemate . After nearly 16 years, the Taliban now exercises control over about 40% of the territory in Afghanistan. They have allies such as the Haqqani network resupplying them from bordering Pakistan  considered something of a safe haven for terrorists despite being a US ally. As Danny Sjursen writes:  if all goes well (which isn t exactly a surefire thing), that s likely to be the best that Surge 4.0 can produce: a long, painful tie. These criticisms may sound harsh to those hoping that the coming surge will make a difference, but the problems (and questions) regarding America s involvement in Afghanistan are far deeper and broader than those presented above.Fraud, Waste & AbuseOn a financial level, corruption and waste rule the day on both the Afghan and American sides of US involvement  and there is an astounding amount of money at stake. While the overall war has cost US taxpayers around a trillion dollars so far, funds appropriated for reconstruction stand at over $117 billion. As usual, it looks like money in the form of government contracts may be a reason why there is little urgency to end the war. As Ryan Crocker, former US Ambassador to Afghanistan, said: The ultimate failure for our efforts wasn t an insurgency. It was more the weight of endemic corruption. John Sopko, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR), makes quarterly reports to Congress about his oversight of spending on reconstruction in Afghanistan. Some of SIGAR s findings over the years have been breathtaking. Take for example SIGAR s finding that there may be 200,000  ghost soldiers , Afghan soldiers whose salaries are US-taxpayer funded but who seem not even to exist except on paper. Or the gas station that cost an absurd $43 million to build, but that nobody uses and about which the Pentagon now has no knowledge. Or the $28 million needlessly spent on uniforms for the Afghan army, in  forest camouflage, even though woodland covers only 2.1% of Afghan territory.As of two years ago, there was $35 billion in reconstruction funds spent that could not be accounted for, with many projects failing to meet requirements or specifications. It would seem the contractors winning the bids to rebuild Afghanistan are doing rather well for themselves; underwritten by the US taxpayer, there appears to be no end to the amount of money in the trough. As Sopko told WhoWhatWhy: We have spent more in Afghanistan than we did on the entire Marshall Plan to rebuild postwar Europe. The American taxpayer has had to foot that $114 billion bill, so they deserve to know not only the cost but also what it has gotten them. Bear in mind that SIGAR only covers reconstruction costs, not appropriations for bombs, arms, planes or other military equipment, vehicles or weaponry. A US Marine patrols through a poppy field in Helmand province, Afghanistan (Photo: Cpl. John M. McCall, USMC. Source: Wikicommons)The Opium QuestionSince the US military first invaded Afghanistan in 2001, production of opium in the country has increased dramatically. Although it is impossible to measure exactly how much opium is being produced, the UN produces yearly reports in which it estimates production levels, as well as how much land area is allocated for purpose of growing opium poppies. The latest UN figures for the year 2015-2016 show a significant increase in both the area used for opium cultivation (from 183,00 to 201,000 hectares, a 10% increase), as well as for potential production of opium (from 3,300 tons to 4,800 tons, a 43% increase).In addition, despite $8.5 billion spent on eradication, the area destroyed by eradication efforts decreased by 91% from 2015 to 2016 (from 3,760 hectares eradicated down to just 355 hectares eradicated), and yield increased by 30% (from 18.3 kg of opium produced per hectare to 23.8 kg). All this places 2016 into the top three years for opium cultivation since the UN Office on Drugs and Crime began monitoring opium in Afghanistan in 1994.Afghanistan is the world s largest opium producer by a very wide margin, with a widely cited statistic being that opium from Afghanistan is in 90% of the heroin produced worldwide. Opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan to 2016 (Image: UNODC. Source: Afghanistan Opium Survey 2016)War on Drugs?America s War on Drugs is rife with contradictions, but the fact that US troops (and DEA agents) have been stationed in a country responsible for 90% of the world s heroin market for 16 years, with production increasing and eradication declining, is, shall we say, counter-intuitive   especially when one considers that at home, media outlets across the country are reporting daily on America s heroin and opioid  epidemic .According to the CDC, deaths due to opioid overdose in the United States increased by 16% between 2014 and 2015. Between 2002 and 2013, deaths due to heroin overdose nearly quadrupled. (Opioids are a class of drug that includes opiates  natural, opium-derived drugs like morphine  as well as synthetic versions like oxycodone or fentanyl; both are lethal and rapidly-growing problems in the United States.) Of course this is to say nothing about the legions of people languishing in US prisons for the nonviolent crime of drug possession.To assume that there is no connection between the country that helps supply 90% of the world s heroin on the one hand, and an explosion in America of heroin-related addiction and death on the other, is foolhardy to say the least.It is also noteworthy that in July 2000, in cooperation with the UN, the Taliban outlawed the growing of opium, which is why production dropped sharply for the year 2001. As summarized in a 2004 academic paper for the International Journal of Drug Policy: Afghanistan was the main source of the world s illicit heroin supply for most of the 1990s. From late 2000 and the year that followed, the Taliban enforced a ban on poppy farming via threats, forced eradication, and public punishment of transgressors. The result was a 99% reduction in the area of opium poppy farming in Taliban-controlled areas  It is concluded that the reduction in Afghan poppy cultivation was due to the enforcement action by the Taliban. Globally, the net result of the intervention produced an estimated 35% reduction in poppy cultivation and a 65% reduction in the potential illicit heroin supply from harvests in 2001. Though Afghan poppy growing returned to previous levels after the fall of the Taliban government, this may have been the most effective drug control action of modern times. If one only ever observed US involvement in Afghanistan, it might begin to look as though perhaps the United States is not actually waging a war on drugs. US troops are there, in the poppy fields, production is rising, and live on Fox News, a USMC lieutenant colonel clearly told Geraldo Rivera  we provide them [poppy farmers] security, we re providing them resources .  However, Afghanistan is not the only instance we have of the US government protecting drug traffickers. Abby Martin explains:In 2012, a Mexican government official from Juarez told Al Jazeera that the CIA and other international security forces  don t fight drug traffickers  and that instead, the agency tries to  manage the drug trade.  Back in the fifties, the CIA turned a blind eye to drug trafficking through the Golden Triangle while training Taiwanese troops against Communist China. As William Blum reports in Rogue State: The CIA flew the drugs all over Southeast Asia, to sites where the opium was processed into heroin, and to trans-shipment points on the route to Western customers. These are far from isolated incidents. During the eighties, the CIA financially and logistically backed anti-communist contras in Nicaragua who also happened to be international drug traffickers. Former Representative Ron Paul elaborated on the CIA s notorious corruption when speaking to a group of students about Iran-Contra: [Drug trafficking] is a gold mine for people who want to raise money in the underground government in order to finance projects that they can t get legitimately. It is very clear that the CIA has been very much involved with drug dealings. We saw [Iran-Contra] on television. They were hauling down weapons and drugs back. There are certainly questions that the US government has to answer about its relationship with the drug business. But another aspect of Afghan opium production which deserves further investigation is the extent of Chinese involvement in the modern opium trade coming out of Afghanistan. It has been reported that Afghan poppy farmers have begun growing what they call  Chinese seed , a genetically-modified poppy seed that allow farmers to grow poppies year-round and harvest their crops every two months. In March of this year, CNBC reported that  Chinese seed  was in fact being grown legally in China for pharmaceutical purposes but had somehow crossed the border into Afghanistan.Last month 21WIRE featured the documentary Afghan Overdose, about the Afghan opium trade, in our Sunday Screening series.Afghanistan and EmpireTo understand how globalist empire-builders view Afghanistan, however, we might direct readers  attention to a superb video by James Corbett for Global Research s GRTV. In the video, Corbett explains in a very concise fashion the greater historical and geopolitical context out of which the current conflict in Afghanistan arose.. The video provides evidence as to why 9/11 could not have been the real reason for the US invasion of Afghanistan, and what makes the country an extremely important asset in geopolitical and geostrategic terms. Afghanistan s position as the world s preeminent producer of opium alone would make the country very significant on the world stage; according to UN figures from 2010, the market for opiates worldwide is worth $65 billion, although the actual figure today could be considerably higher. Another very important factor making Afghanistan an attractive economic prize is what lies under the ground in the country; in addition to a significant amount of oil and gas, Afghanistan is also home to a vast wealth of minerals such as iron, copper, cobalt, gold and lithium, estimated at over $1 trillion in value. Let s also not forget its appeal as the potential location for energy pipelines.As Corbett explains, however, the real value of Afghanistan is its strategic location. Drawing on the geostrategic treatises of Halford Mackinder and Zbigniew Brzezinski, Corbett places Afghanistan at the very center of the new Great Game, the battle between east and west for the crucial region of Central Asia, and ultimately the globe.Should we really be surprised by any of this? Although the Hollywood/mainstream media/pop-culture view of America is that of a democratic, freedom-loving, law-abiding member of the international community, regular readers of 21WIRE will already be aware that this image is largely a myth. In a recent article for The American Conservative deconstructing the myth of a  rules-based international order , Boston University historian Andrew Bacevich points out that: Among the items failing to qualify for mention in the liberal internationalist, rules-based version of past U.S. policy are the following: meddling in foreign elections; coups and assassination plots in Iran, Guatemala, the Congo, Cuba, South Vietnam, Chile, Nicaragua, and elsewhere; indiscriminate aerial bombing campaigns in North Korea and throughout Southeast Asia; a nuclear arms race bringing the world to the brink of Armageddon; support for corrupt, authoritarian regimes in Iran, Turkey, Greece, South Korea, South Vietnam, the Philippines, Brazil, Egypt, Nicaragua, El Salvador, and elsewhere many of them abandoned when deemed inconvenient; the shielding of illegal activities through the use of the Security Council veto; unlawful wars launched under false pretenses;  extraordinary rendition,  torture, and the indefinite imprisonment of persons without any semblance of due process. The United States has not lived up to what the media tells us it is for some time. The war in Afghanistan is no exception.More on this story from TomDispatch  US Special Operations Task Force at Bagram air field, Afghanistan (Photo: Tech. Sgt. Michael A. O Connor/USAF. Source: Wikicommons) Danny Sjursen TomDispatchWe walked in a single file. Not because it was tactically sound. It wasn t   at least according to standard infantry doctrine. Patrolling southern Afghanistan in column formation limited maneuverability, made it difficult to mass fire, and exposed us to enfilading machine-gun bursts. Still, in 2011, in the Pashmul District of Kandahar Province, single file was our best bet.The reason was simple enough: improvised bombs not just along roads but seemingly everywhere.  Hundreds of them, maybe thousands. Who knew?That s right, the local  Taliban    a term so nebulous it s basically lost all meaning  had managed to drastically alter U.S. Army tactics with crude, homemade explosives stored in plastic jugs. And believe me, this was a huge problem. Cheap, ubiquitous, and easy to bury, those anti-personnel Improvised Explosive Devices, or IEDs, soon littered the  roads,  footpaths, and farmland surrounding our isolated outpost. To a greater extent than a number of commanders willingly admitted, the enemy had managed to nullify our many technological advantages for a few pennies on the dollar (or maybe, since we re talking about the Pentagon, it was pennies on the millions of dollars).Truth be told, it was never really about our high-tech gear.  Instead, American units came to rely on superior training and discipline, as well as initiative and maneuverability, to best their opponents.  And yet those deadly IEDs often seemed to even the score, being both difficult to detect and brutally effective. So there we were, after too many bloody lessons, meandering along in carnival-like, Pied Piper-style columns. Bomb-sniffing dogs often led the way, followed by a couple of soldiers carrying mine detectors, followed by a few explosives experts. Only then came the first foot soldiers, rifles at the ready. Anything else was, if not suicide, then at least grotesquely ill-advised.Continue reading this story at TomDispatchREAD MORE AFGHANISTAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Afghanistan FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE AND ITS WORK BY SUBSCRIBING AND BECOMING A MEMBER @  21WIRE.TV",0
22076,4th of July: Why the Shadow Government Hates Independence Day,"SARTRE 21st Century WireThe only conclusion any honest American citizen can come to is that the Republic is dead. Once again the flags wave and the songs play as the parades march to celebrate another 4th of July.Picnic meals are eaten while children frolic in the warn sunshine of summer. Few people reflect on the true meaning that established the solemn commemoration of the nation s birth. The reality of this post federation of independent state sovereignty is that a centralized federal behemoth has superseded the original intent of Thomas Jefferson s vision: That government is best which governs least .Today the society that exists demands compliance or compels obedience by way of punishment.The empire that emerged after World War II has established an Amerika Imperium. With the consistent dumbing down of the youth, indoctrinated in government schools and the mind control impact from the mass media, the culture has abandoned the timeless principles that our country was founded upon.In the essay, Independence Day for Whom?, the struggle for freedom and liberty was fought against the British empire. Most citizens acclaim this revolution as the greatest achievement of a besieged population. Ponder just how far the promises from a rebellion of Englishmen has deteriorated into a dumping ground for foreigners, who do not believe in the values and responsibilities upon which this struggle was fought.For a more precise view of The Meaning of Independence Day, the true reasons for waging a war to create a beacon of hope in the New World has a history that fewer people understand, much less devote their allegiance to its preservation.Just how has a country of freedom loving patriots allowed the systematic destruction of their once beloved nation? A primer on some of the reasons for this betrayal can be reviewed in the End of Independence Day essay. With the internationalism of foreign policy, the traditional America First viewpoint of the Founding Fathers was abandoned.The end result is that The Death of Independence, is now upon us. Over the decades, a replacement aristocracy emerged that transplanted the elected representation of the public will. The real control behind the legislative office holders and certainly the executive branch under any president, demonstrate that ignoring the canons within the Declaration of Independence is a prime requirement to wield power in Washington DC.Frustrated and disenfranchised citizens voted for Donald Trump based upon his articulation on the issues that genuine patriots would support. No matter what anyone thinks of the man or believes about the inordinate attacks directed at him and his administration, the indisputable fact is that the establishment wants to see him fail.Simply put, the actual rulers of the global supremacy wants the financial dominance of the central banking system to continue and perfect their governance. Amerika is pivotal in maintaining their forced submission. The basis of the Shadow Government surreptitiously functions in the darkness of public exposure.Routing out any effort or initiative for independent representation is the standard modus operandi. The populace is generally ignorant of the existence of this empowerment cabal. People are led to believe that the Deep State is simply the technocrats that never leave their positions of administrating agencies. Regretfully, it is not realistic to facilitate a clean sweep of the careerists who routinely sabotage any directive that compromises the interests of the permanent bureaucracies and their masters.Trump may prove to be a dragon slayer, but the hatching of genetically rotten eggs continues. The column,  Can the Swamp Really be Drained? addresses this issue. The single most persistent element that drives authorities away from the maxims of the American Revolution, centers within the attitude that government acts in the interests of the people.Such deficiencies in understanding of the vile nature and the actual record of coercive regimes, stands as a major obstacle to the liberation of the mind. Rejecting the legitimacy of the criminal syndicate that purports to be the lawful authority is essential.Examine the book review,  American Amnesia the Liberal Case for Government, which debunks the lunacy that rationalizes the worship of government control over society. Such a demented academic viewpoint logically concludes that the celebration of Independence Day must be based upon the triumph of the all powerful  leviathan government over a decentralized autonomous and local accountable authority.Authentic nationalism must rest upon the pillars of individual liberty. When the 4th of July becomes a cartoon carnival of the Deep State, the only beneficiary is the Shadow Government.President Trump is not the cause nor is he the solution to reinstitute an American Renaissance Revolution. However, to the degree that he can raise the consciousness within the country, his presence in the oval office becomes a peril to the comrades, who want to destroy our national independence.When the hypocrites from the political class and the treachery from the fake news purveyors is confronted, then and only then, will a real independence celebration become a true national commemoration.The enemy is not just at the gate, they have become the jailers for the deplorable resistance. The intent is to isolate and eliminate the heartland dissenters because they are the only threat that has the ability to win the infowar of ideas. Since the establishment is hell-bent on waging a civil war against the faithful, the remnant and torch guardians must commit to the purging of the fifth column subversives that occupy the government.As the establishment and mainstream media sharks continue to encircle the Trump agenda, their blood thirsty appetite quickens. Their Dracula heritage has drained the inherent vital courage from the masses that subsist in a pseudo reality imposed by a hostile New World Order.This perceptibility is categorically opposite to the fundamental precepts that were universally accepted when the country was founded. Independence Day deserves a proper reverence. Before the nation can earn that privilege, it must mature and own up and admit that the de facto foe of the populist is the very government that so many celebrate.[Let us not forget, it s meant to be a government by the people, and for the people]See more of SARTRE s original work at BATR.netDiscuss or comment about this essay on the BATR ForumREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22077,HAWK OR NOT? Is Trump Expanding the Wars?,"So once again, here we are. A new President must deal with the old war. President Donald Trump must decide on whether to send thousands of additional American troops overseas into the longest-running US combat theatre on the planet, Afghanistan.Back in March of 2016, 21WIRE s Shawn Helton penned a insightful piece entitled, HAWKISH DOVE: The Enigma of Donald Trump in Volatile Race to the White House. In this article, Helton describes how then GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump was putting forward a populist, alomist Paulist image among a bevy of warhawk and Neocon rivals.Back then, Helton described the media and political pressure placed on Trump: Recently, Trump was pressed again on matters concerning the Middle East and his response has been surprisingly diplomatic with a non-interventionist platform. Trump s open condemnation of the Bush administration for the Iraq war and the Obama White House for the destruction of Libya, has resonated across the board for voters on both sides of the political spectrum. Trump has asserted that 2003 s invasion in Iraq and the blitzkrieg in Libya via NATO members in 2011, is further evidence of failed US foreign policy throughout the world.Doubling down, the GOP frontrunner Trump, has also refused to pick a side between Israel and Palestine   and in true form to his business pedigree, stating that he would rather attempt to broker a peace deal in the ages old conflict, rather than tow the party line. Onlookers wondered how this stance would play if Trump ever made into office. Back then it was immpossible to know, but now after 6 months in office, we have something to work with. We saw how fast Trump reacted to the alleged  chemical weapons  attack at Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib, Syria on April 4, 2017. His errant, knee-jerk cruise missile strike days later might go down in history as one of the biggest fumbles in US history (if that s even possible to measure).Is Trump continuing down Obama s proven path of juggling multiple conflicts while engaging in illegal proxy wars?Vanity Fair explains a possible fait accompli:On the campaign trail, Donald Trump pitched Americans on an immiscible foreign-policy agenda, combining elements of staunch isolationism and a rejection of Bush-era interventionism with promises to  bomb the shit out of ISIS.  But in his four months as president, Trump, characteristically, has done something of a 180-degree turn. He turned over much of his military policy and decision-making to the same  embarrassing  generals he previously claimed to know more than; he authorized a missile strike and boots on the ground in Syria, a country he had repeatedly warned against getting involved with; and he increased troop levels in Iraq, doubling down on a tactic he had called  a horrible mistake. Now, the Trump administration is considering sending more troops into the war in Afghanistan, which he previously called  a complete waste.  On Tuesday, the president gave Defense Secretary James Mattis the authority to determine the number of troops in Afghanistan, The New York Times reports, a rejection of the management levels adopted by the Obama administration.Then there s the issue of rogue dinosaur John McCain, who refuses to retire and seems happy as ever to take down various and sundry nation-states, in order to quench his own desire for chaos and conflict:This dynamic has left some lawmakers frustrated. During a meeting last week in which Mattis conceded to the Senate Armed Services Committee that the U.S. is  not winning in Afghanistan right now,  John McCain derided the delay of a broader strategy.  We are now six months into this administration; we still haven t got a strategy for Afghanistan,  the Arizona senator said.  It makes it hard for us to support you when we don t have a strategy. We know what the strategy was for the last eight years don t lose. That hasn t worked. Mattis responded,  We are putting it together now, and there are actions being taken to make certain that we don t pay a price for the delay,  he said.  We recognize the need for urgency, and your criticism is fair, sir. It may be too early to tell, but getting the White House to decouple from Pentagon group-think may prove to be too hard a task for a President who is desperate for poll rating and a win, any win.Time will tell.***READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22078,Boiler Room EP #115 – Very Fake News & The Slaughter of Innocence,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East also with a special report from FunkSoul (21WIRE & ACR contributor), for the hundred and fifteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re discussing the latest expos  videos from Project Veritas that confirm what we ve been saying since the inception of the Boiler Room, CNN is FAKE NEWS and PROPAGANDA. We ll also be updating the stories on the Grenfell tower fire, Bernie Sanders and his wife under investigation by the FBI for financial fraud, creepy inappropriate kids videos on YouTube and the supposed case against one of the FBI agents involved in the shooting of LaVoy Finicum and more.Direct Download Episode #115Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22079,"BRONX HOSPITAL SHOOTING: Multiple People Shot, Staff ‘Sheltered in Place’ Amid Backdrop of Active Shooter Drills","21st Century Wire says Several people have been shot at the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center as an allegedly disgruntled ex-family medicine doctor opened fire with an  M16 type rifle  later reported to be an AR-15 inside the facility. Early reports state that as many a seven were injured in the shooting with at least two people dead at the scene including the shooter. Interestingly, early reports suggested that there may have been multiple shooters involved.The motive for the tragic shooting is the still under investigation. The gunman is said to be 45 year-old Dr. Henry Michael Bello, who is believed to have resigned in 2015 over sexual harassment allegations.However, some confusion has emerged as to what really happened at the scene   ACTIVE SHOOTER    The Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center took part in an  active shooter  preparedness forum in June of 2016. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)NBC News reported the following developments shortly after the apparent shooting: The shooter has been identified as Dr. Henry Michael Bello, a 45-year-old family medicine doctor formerly employed at the hospital, according to sources.After shooting the victims   many of them, if not all, doctors   Bello tried to set himself on fire on the 17th floor of the hospital, O Neill said. The hospital s fire alarm system activated, and FDNY firefighters were on standby outside the hospital as NYPD executed its active shooter protocol. By the time police found Bello on the 17th floor, he was dead of self-inflicted gunshot wound, O Neill said.A motive in the shootings remains unclear, but authorities say there is no apparent nexus to terror. Sources say Bello resigned from the hospital in 2015 in lieu of being fired. Circumstances in the resignation weren t clear. As members of the NYPD s most-armed units responded to the active shooter situation, a sea of patrol and tactical vehicles gridlocked the streets around the hospital on Grand Concourse, and police surveyed the roof of the building with their guns drawn, Chopper 4 over the scene shows. NOTE: Other reports have suggested it took about 15 minutes from the first 911 call until Bello s body was discovered dead.Also, shortly after the shooting rampage started, Reuters reported the police were able to conduct a sweep essentially shutting down the building attack: Police searched the hospital room by room, urging occupants to turn off the lights and remain in place as they conducted the sweep, according to an account posted on Twitter by Felix Puno, who identified himself as patient in the radiology department on the fourth floor of the hospital. Building is in complete shut down, I was in the middle of getting an x-ray when security alerted us to the active shooter situation,  Puno tweeted.New York Mayor Bill de Blasio was briefed on the shooting and was on his way to the scene, the mayor s Twitter account said.   DRILL PROTOCOL    A hospital staff member follow the obligatory  hands up  protocol, as part of the scripted active shooter scenario training. (Image Source: nydailynews) Sketchy DetailsAs with any traumatic event there often several are certain details that don t quite add up.While we ve been told the shooting took place on the 16th floor of the building some reports gave eye-witness testimony to the contrary, with one stating he heard three gun shots while located on the 10th floor. Is it really possible he heard gun shots from 6 stories above? Here s NBC again with that detail: Francisco Bodon, a patient at Bronx Lebanon, tells NBC New York sister station Telemundo 47 that he was in a room on the 10th floor when three gunshots rang out and then chaos erupted.There may have been more than three [shots], but people were screaming, crying and running around. It was very chaotic,  said Bodon. Adding to the confusion, the UK s Express reported that one of doctors who was wounded in the shooting, as people inside the hospital created a makeshift tourniquet out of an emergency fire hose.Although Bello reportedly held a work place grudge and apparently made threats to coworkers the  hospital officials said none of the victims were connected to Bello.  QUESTION: Considering the massive amount of training associated with the hospital, why was there no  zero tolerance  active shooter plan in place   something commonly implemented in emergency prep?Over the years, we ve seen how sensationalized shooting events have become a staple part of our day to day lives, complete with ready-made political talking points and staged press conferences   a buffet laid out for America, all of this within minutes or hours of high-profile tragedy. MASSIVE RESPONSE    This kind of police emergency response has become routine after many high-profile active shooter incidents. (Image Source: nbcdfw.com)The precarious relationship between emergency preparedness drills and actual active shootings is an ongoing pattern present in many high-profile shooting incidents in recent years, with mass shootings happening at the exact same locations as where  active shooter  or terrorism drills had just previously taken place   a puzzling trend which we have covered extensively at 21WIRE. This latest Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center appears to be no exception.Although the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center appears to be work place violence, it s important to examine other aspects or elements surrounding any case.Below is a screen shot depicting speakers that participated in an  Active Shooter Planning Forum  in conjunction with the Healthcare Association of New York State in June of 2016. The Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center is displayed among those speaking In addition to active shooter emergency planning protocols listed above, according to a FOJP Service Corporation Journal Bronx-Lebanon Hospital was selected be a part of major emergency prep since at least over the past several years. here s a passage from that report: At Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center, the Department of Safety is charged with multiple responsibilities, some of which include, but are not limited to: fire and life safety, general safety and monitoring the fire command station; and coordinating emergency management and response planning.Continuing, the report outlined the following: At Bronx-Lebanon, we took our environment into account, for example, geographic location we re in, and let that be our driving force to how we developed our Hazard Vulnerablity Analysis (HVA) and put our emergency action plan (EAP) together. With two main campuses and multiple satellite locations, our plan has to incorporate everyone to ensure we will have the necessary staff in case of emergencies. It s interesting that a hospital known to have extensive emergency protocols could have a shooting occur on its own premises after leading the area charge in addressing that very issue.QUESTION: Is it really just a coincidence that this hospital was so heavily involved in active shooter prep   only to fall prey to exactly that kind of tragedy?*UPDATE*   According to new reports as per active shooter protocol first responders ducked for cover as patients filed from Bronx-Lebanon Hospital wearing bed sheets.  Wouldn t the answer here be to properly train those in the work place how to handle a firearm in crisis situations such as this?Additionally,  sources tell CBS2 Bello started two fires, one at the nurse s station and another as an attempt to set himself ablaze. He ended up shooting himself in a room, then staggered out to the hallway where he died. Continuing the article goes on to state the following: Police continue to investigate the rampage. The New York Daily News reports Bello sent them an email before the shooting, where he wrote about leaving his job at the hospital. QUESTION: If Bello s email prior to the shooting was threatening in nature, then why wasn t he taken in for police questioning?This whole aspect to the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital case appears to echo some of what happened in 2013 when TV shooter Vester Flanagan aka Bryce Williams had also  warned a manager that there would be  negative consequences  for his firing and vowed he would  make a stink and it s going to be in the headlines.  Here we see a similar foreshadowing of tragedy prior to yet another suspicious shooting case that was also linked to an active shooter drill before a bizarre shooting rampage.Here s another look at a tweet from the WDBJ-TV shooting case in 2015 that documents the active shooter drill connection Here s a collection of media montages and video footage supposedly depicting the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center shooting response as staff and others sheltered in place. Notice the makeshift barricade   during active shooter training the  run and hide  method is a critical feature in crisis roleplay . As those in the hospital were ordered to shelter in place by both the NYPD and at the urging of the consulate for the United Arab Emirates, while there were several tweets posted to Twitter regarding the incident.Here s a screenshot first published by New York City Alerts that allegedly depicts the dead gunman Bello   notice there s no evidence of fire that can been seen QUESTION: What was the purpose of releasing this photo or than to sensationalize a tragic event?Here s a social media post with a comment that read  stayed safe during the crisis  by a page since taken down on Instagram Here s the witness who heard shots ring out while on the 10th floor In the aftermath of any of these crisis events in America, powerful interests are always quick to line-up and take advantage of the event, mounting their sociopolitical agendas directly on the back of mass media coverage and by extracting political capital out of an emotional and traumatic situation. Certainly, mainstream media outlets like CNN gain immediate benefit as TV viewers are tuned-in incessantly for updates on any breaking situation   which translates into high rating and massive advertising income streams for the broadcast network.Something else to consider, this shooting event took place the very same week during a major push to pass the GOP healthcare bill.While this very well could be an act of workplace violence, it s still important to ask questions, where there are few answers.Will new questions emerge following the shocking Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center shooting?READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22080,US State Department Talking Head Transforms into Al Qaeda’s Spokesperson," 21st Century Wire says The real cause of the great upheavals which precede changes of civilisations, such as the fall of the Roman Empire and the rise of the Arabian Empire, is a profound modification in the ideas of the peoples  . The memorable events of history are the visible effects of the invisible changes of human thought  . The present epoch is one of these critical moments in which the thought of mankind is undergoing a process of transformation.  ~ Gustav Le BonThe following display of servitude to Washington s geopolitical agenda in Syria, over and above any concern for human life, or heaven forbid, the truth, is only one of the many triggers that are precipitating a universal awakening globally. Newly appointed US State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert (a former FOX News weekend anchor) is transformed into Nusra Front aka Al Qaeda s spokesperson under questioning from RT International s Caleb Maupin. Watch ~***READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22081,REALLY FAKE NEWS: New York Times Finally Retracts Its ’17 Intelligence Agencies’ Claim on Russia Hacking US Elections,"21st Century Wire says Back during the 2016 election, 21WIRE declared with confidence how the US government and mainstream media s  Russian Hacking  meme as hoax. It turns out   we were right. More than mere canards however, these type of media disinformation talking points are how the establishment manufactures public consent for corrupt and dysfunctional policies. Once these fabricated talking points are circulated through the media, they later make their way into the mouths of politicians who repeat them incessantly, and in the case of the Senate and Congressional committee hearings on Russia and cabinet confirmation hearing   use the fake canards to bully people who are testifying on Capitol Hill. The fake  17 intelligence  agency claim was used by nearly everyone who used the hearings to grandstand and act tough on Russia, including pro-war Senators John McCain, Marco Rubio, Adam Schiff and countless others. It was also employed by Hillary Clinton, along with ever single panel  expert  on CNN and MSNBC who used the lie to prop-up their contrived and politicized narratives about how Russia hacked and influenced the 2016 election.What s more crucial though, is to realize the absolute key role to New York Times plays in this process of giving fake news the venire of officialdom at a government and mainstream level. They are a pivotal distribution point in the western propaganda dissemination machine   as nearly every US broadcast network across 4 time zones will routinely reference the New York Times as their primary source. 21WIRE has chronicled their exploits in helping to promote a series of illegal US-waged wars around the world.Consortium News Exclusive: A founding Russia-gate myth is that all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies agreed that Russia hacked into and distributed Democratic emails, a falsehood that The New York Times has belatedly retracted, reports Robert Parry Robert Parry  Consortium NewsThe New York Times has finally admitted that one of the favorite Russia-gate canards   that all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies concurred on the assessment of Russian hacking of Democratic emails   is false.On Thursday, the Times appended a correction to a June 25 article that had repeated the false claim, which has been used by Democrats and the mainstream media for months to brush aside any doubts about the foundation of the Russia-gate scandal and portray President Trump as delusional for doubting what all 17 intelligence agencies supposedly knew to be true.In the Times  White House Memo of June 25, correspondent Maggie Haberman mocked Trump for  still refus[ing] to acknowledge a basic fact agreed upon by 17 American intelligence agencies that he now oversees: Russia orchestrated the attacks, and did it to help get him elected. However, on Thursday, the Times   while leaving most of Haberman s ridicule of Trump in place   noted in a correction that the relevant intelligence  assessment was made by four intelligence agencies   the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the Central Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Security Agency. The assessment was not approved by all 17 organizations in the American intelligence community. The Times  grudging correction was vindication for some Russia-gate skeptics who had questioned the claim of a full-scale intelligence assessment, which would usually take the form of a National Intelligence Estimate (or NIE), a product that seeks out the views of the entire Intelligence Community and includes dissents.The reality of a more narrowly based Russia-gate assessment was admitted in May by President Obama s Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and Obama s CIA Director John Brennan in sworn congressional testimony.Clapper testified before a Senate Judiciary subcommittee on May 8 that the Russia-hacking claim came from a  special intelligence community assessment  (or ICA) produced by selected analysts from the CIA, NSA and FBI,  a coordinated product from three agencies   CIA, NSA, and the FBI   not all 17 components of the intelligence community,  the former DNI said.Clapper further acknowledged that the analysts who produced the Jan. 6 assessment on alleged Russian hacking were  hand-picked  from the CIA, FBI and NSA.Yet, as any intelligence expert will tell you, if you  hand-pick  the analysts, you are really hand-picking the conclusion. For instance, if the analysts were known to be hard-liners on Russia or supporters of Hillary Clinton, they could be expected to deliver the one-sided reportthat they did.Politicized IntelligenceIn the history of U.S. intelligence, we have seen how this selective approach has worked, such as the phony determination of the Reagan administration pinning the attempted assassination of Pope John Paul II and other acts of terror on the Soviet Union.CIA Director William Casey and Deputy Director Robert Gates shepherded the desired findings through the process by putting the assessment under the control of pliable analysts and sidelining those who objected to this politicization of intelligence.The point of enlisting the broader intelligence community   and incorporating dissents into a final report   is to guard against such  stove-piping  of intelligence that delivers the politically desired result but ultimately distorts reality.Another painful example of politicized intelligence was President George W. Bush s 2002 National Intelligence Estimate on Iraq s WMD that removed State Department and other dissents from the declassified version that was given to the public.Since Clapper s and Brennan s testimony in May, the Times and other mainstream news outlets have avoided a direct contradiction of their earlier acceptance of the 17-intelligence-agencies canard by simply referring to a judgment by  the intelligence community. That finessing of their earlier errors has allowed Hillary Clinton and other senior Democrats to continue referencing this fictional consensus without challenge, at least in the mainstream media.For instance, on May 31 at a technology conference in California, Clinton referred to the Jan. 6 report, asserting that  Seventeen agencies, all in agreement, which I know from my experience as a Senator and Secretary of State, is hard to get. They concluded with high confidence that the Russians ran an extensive information war campaign against my campaign, to influence voters in the election. The failure of the major news organizations to clarify this point about the 17 agencies may have contributed to Haberman s mistake on June 25 as she simply repeated the groupthink that nearly all the Important People in Washington just knew to be true.But the Times  belated correction also underscores the growing sense that the U.S. mainstream media has joined in a political vendetta against Trump and has cast aside professional standards to the point of repeating false claims designed to denigrate him.That, in turn, plays into Trump s Twitter complaints that he and his administration are the targets of a  witch hunt  led by the  fake news  media, a grievance that appears to be energizing his supporters and could discredit whatever ongoing investigations eventually conclude.Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America s Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com).READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire RUSSIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22082,MOCKINGBIRD REDUX? CNN’s Role in Peddling Fake ‘Nothing Burger’ Russia-Gate News Revealed,"21st Century Wire says CNN has reportedly refused to punish one of its senior producers John Bonifield, after a recent Project Veritas video sting operation exposed the network s role in peddling a fake Russia-gate narrative just for ratings. As if that wasn t enough of a network crisis, CNN s Van Jones was also caught in a new Veritas video sting release stating that the mainstream media s long-running  Russian collusion  story is a  big nothing burger. This latest twin expos comes after three prominent writers from CNN were  urged to resign  (fired) after the network was threatened with an estimated $100 million dollar lawsuit (something which 21WIRE predicted) earlier this week following a bogus story (since retracted) that falsely linked political figure and financier Anthony Scaramucci to a Russian investment fund currently under a congressional probe.NOTE: CNN and other big media outlets have been pushing a vast Russian conspiracy for nearly a year and now those at CNN are brushing off the narrative after being caught in an ongoing deception   MEDIA MOCKERY    Senior CNN producer John Bonifield was caught in a video sting admitting that the Trump-Russia narrative was untrue and Van Jones further confirmed the network s position. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)The US media has been floating the  blame Russia  meme for almost a year, and even more conveniently over this past 2016 US presidential election cycle, before morphing into the dodgy dossier that included unverified Trump-Russia claims. Incredibly, the still as of yet unsubstantiated Russia-Trump collusion story briefly vanished, only to be newly reignited again, after two US military missile strikes in Syria and Afghanistan took place following the fabricated sarin chemical attack allegations in April which the White House claimed hit the Al Nusra-held town of Khan Sheikhoun in Syria.Just this week, the US government warned (a story peddled by CNN among others) of an upcoming, soon-to-be-released alleged  chemical attack  out of Syria, something which would potentially prompt another wag the dog theatrical bombing from the US-led Coalition. Is this false flag foreshadowing by Washington?Perhaps such plans may have been scarpered by a blistering report detailing false sarin claims concerning the Idlib province by award-winning investigative journalist Seymour Hersh only days ago. Hersh s report, appropriately titled  Trump s Red Line confirmed much of what we at 21WIRE managed to outline in the aftermath of the alleged chemical attack, while also condemning the lack of clear evidence and reactionary military response by the Trump administration even after Russia shared deconfliction intelligence with the US.The fallout from the sarin hoax and CNN Russia-gate spin has also been compounded by an embarrassing retraction from the NY Times over their Russian hack/influence claims said to be confirmed by 17 US intelligence agencies   a story which once again turned out to be a falsehood as recently discussed by well-known investigative reporter Robert Parry.  SARIN HOAX    It s official now, the alleged Syrian chemical attack story was a false narrative that Western media outlets gleefully lapped up. (Image Source: cnn)Propaganda 3.0Here is where the propaganda goes into overdrive.Suddenly, as if by coincidence (or right on cue) Reuters reports that Syria has  heeded  its warning, almost immediately after Hersh s stirring investigative effort laid bare many elements of April s sarin hoax in Syria. That s right: because it issued a warning based on secret intelligence that no one is allowed to see, Washington is somehow claiming credit for stopping a chemical weapons attack by the Assad regime.As both the Russian and Syria narratives continue to crumble, an awkwardness has set in for CNN and the Trump Administration (its Syria policy duly inherited from the Obama Administration)   both of whom have relied on these narratives to prop-up dysfunctional US foreign policy agendas.The recent CNN video sting revelations weakens the already questionable Russian collusion plot line, something which we ve covered extensively here at 21WIRE. In fact, following the highly dubious DDoS attacks in America in October of 2016, we made the following accurate assessment: Indeed, as you look back at NY Times articles since the summer [of 2016], the stage was being set to implant the idea of an alleged Russian cyber war being waged at the US, principally charging that they would  meddle  with the US presidential elections in 2016 by aiding Donald Trump. Here s the NY Times building the case for Washington, seemingly without the burden of proof: An unusual question is capturing the attention of cyberspecialists, Russia experts and Democratic Party leaders in Philadelphia: Is Vladimir V. Putin trying to meddle in the American presidential election?Until Friday, that charge, with its eerie suggestion of a Kremlin conspiracy to aid Donald J. Trump, has been only whispered. In August, the western media s claims against Russia hit overdrive, when the  New York Times s Moscow bureau was the target of an attempted cyberattack this month. But so far, there is no evidence that the hackers, believed to be Russian, were successful. Flash forward to September here and here, as well as early October in the lead up to President Obama s decree, the Clinton friendly outlet the NY Times had all but solidified the Russian cyber/hack claims   once again, without any definitive proof. Here s a newer Project Veritas video exposing CNN s Van Jones admitting there s no evidence to back-up the Russian conspiracy story Here s another look at the recent Project Veritas video exposing CNN producer John Bonfield admitting the network has pushed a false Russian collusion meme As the Project Veritas series continues, CNN Associate Producer Jimmy Carr disclosed the political bias pushed by the network QUESTION: Why has CNN been peddling Russian collusion allegations without any evidence?It s not just for ratings The new Project Veritas video stings provide more evidence of an overtly political agenda, something we saw throughout the 2016 US presidential election. In fact, the entire video expos  is reminiscent of Democratic consultant Robert Creamer of Democracy Partners being caught discussing how to commit large-scale voter fraud, while also apparently outlining how to incite violence at campaign rallies. Unbelievably in the year leading up to the 2016 US presidential election, Creamer met with White House officials some 342 times along with his wife, a 9-term Illinois Democratic congresswoman Jan Schakowsky.White House visitor records show that Schakowsky took 47  private meetings with Obama or his senior staff,  in the year leading up to the election.Furthermore, the Russia-gate plot line perpetuated by CNN immediately recalls the symbiotic relationship between the CIA and American media seen during the Cold War era. In the early 1950 s, the CIA ran a wide-scale program called Operation Mockingbird that was said to have infiltrated the American news media in particular, which propagandized the public through various front organizations, magazines and cultural groups. Is the recent CNN fallout more evidence confirming that a modern version of Operation Mockingbird is alive and well?In recent years, there has been a series of surreal and unreal news stories since the Smith-Mundt Act was effectively rendered obsolete by US lawmakers on July 2nd 2013, as confirmed by RT below: Until earlier this month, a longstanding federal law made it illegal for the US Department of State to share domestically the internally-authored news stories sent to American-operated outlets broadcasting around the globe. All of that changed effective July 2, when the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG) was given permission to let US households tune-in to hear the type of programming that has previously only been allowed in outside nations. The Smith-Mundt Act has ensured for decades that government-made media intended for foreign audiences doesn t end up on radio networks broadcast within the US. An amendment tagged onto the National Defense Authorization Act removed that prohibition this year. There has been an unprecedented increase in propaganda over the years from big media, despite claims that the NDAA provision offered more transparency to the American public.More from RT below THE FIX    John Bonifield admitted that CNN s Russia collusion narrative is not based on evidence. (Image Source rt)CNN stands behind its producer caught in sting video, says he won t be punishedRTCNN has backed one of its senior producers caught in a Project Veritas sting video, saying the company encourages diversity of personal opinions. John Bonifield was filmed admitting the network s craze over alleged Trump-Russia collusion is  bullsh*t. Diversity of personal opinion is what makes CNN strong, we welcome it and embrace it,  an email from a CNN spokesman to the Daily Beast reads.  CNN stands by our medical producer John Bonifield,  it said.CNN Health supervising producer Bonifield, who is not involved in the channel s political coverage, was videotaped saying the company does not have any evidence to support its Russia-Trump narrative, driven mostly by the desire for ratings. It s mostly bullsh*t right now. Like, we don t have any big giant proof,  the CNN producer can be heard saying in the video, adding that US President Donald Trump is  probably right  to accuse them of a conducting a witch-hunt.This story continues at RT READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesREAD MORE ON THE WHITE HELMETS AT: 21st Century Wire White Helmet FilesREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22083,Hersh: Trump Knew ‘Assad Sarin Attack’ Story Was Fairy Tale – But Launched Cruise Missile Strike Anyway,"Consortium News Exclusive: The mainstream media is so hostile to challenges to its groupthinks that famed journalist Seymour Hersh had to take his take-down of President Trump s April 6 attack on Syria to Germany, says ex-CIA analyst Ray McGovern By Ray McGovernLegendary investigative reporter Seymour Hersh is challenging the Trump administration s version of events surrounding the April 4  chemical weapons attack  on the northern Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun   though Hersh had to find a publisher in Germany to get his information out.In the Sunday edition of Die Welt, Hersh reports that his national security sources offered a distinctly different account, revealing President Trump rashly deciding to launch 59 Tomahawk missiles against a Syrian airbase on April 6 despite the absence of intelligence supporting his conclusion that the Syrian military was guilty.Hersh draws on the kind of inside sources from whom he has earned longstanding trust to dispute that there ever was a  chemical weapons attack  and to assert that Trump was told that no evidence existed against the Syrian government but ordered  his generals  to  retaliate  anyway.Marine General Joseph Dunford, Chairman of the, Joint Chiefs of Staff, and former Marine General, now Defense Secretary James  Mad-Dog  Mattis ordered the attacks apparently knowing that the reason given was what one of Hersh s sources called a  fairy tale. They then left it to Trump s national security adviser Army General H. R. McMaster to further the deceit with the help of a compliant mainstream media, which broke from its current tradition of distrusting whatever Trump says in favor of its older tradition of favoring  regime change  in Syria and trusting pretty much whatever the  rebels  claim.According to Hersh s sources, the normal  deconfliction  process was followed before the April 4 strike. In such procedures, U.S. and Russian officers supply one another with advance details of airstrikes, such as target coordinates, to avoid accidental confrontations among the warplanes crisscrossing Syria.Russia and Syrian Air Force officers gave details of the flight path to and from Khan Sheikhoun in English, Hersh reported. The target was a two-story cinderblock building in which senior leaders    high-value targets    of the two jihadist groups controlling the town were about to hold a meeting. Because of the perceived importance of the mission, the Russians took the unusual step of giving the Syrian air force a GPS-guided bomb to do the job, but the explosives were conventional, not chemical, Hersh reported.The meeting place was on the floor above the basement of the building, where a source whom Hersh described as  a senior adviser to the U.S. intelligence community,  told Hersh: The basement was used as storage for rockets, weapons, and ammunition   and also chlorine-based decontaminates for cleansing the bodies of the dead before burial. A Bomb Damage AssessmentHersh describes what happened when the building was struck on the morning of April 4:  A Bomb Damage Assessment by the U.S. military later determined that the heat and force of the 500-pound Syrian bomb triggered a series of secondary explosions that could have generated a huge toxic cloud that began to spread over the town, formed by the release of fertilizers, disinfectants, and other goods stored in the basement, its effect magnified by the dense morning air, which trapped the fumes close to the ground. According to intelligence estimates, the strike itself killed up to four jihadist leaders and an unknown number of drivers and security aides. There is no confirmed count of the number of civilians killed by the poisonous gases that were released by the secondary explosions, although opposition activists reported that there were more than 80 dead, and outlets such as CNN have put the figure as high as 92. Due to the fog of war, which is made denser by the fact that jihadists associated with Al Qaeda control the area, many of the details of the incident were unclear on that day and remain so still. No independent on-the-ground investigation has taken place.But there were other reasons to doubt Syrian guilt, including the implausibility of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad choosing that time   while his forces were making dramatic strides in finally defeating the jihadists and immediately after the Trump administration had indicated it had reversed President Obama s  regime change  policy in Syria   to launch a sarin attack, which was sure to outrage the world and likely draw U.S. retaliation.However, logic was brushed aside after local  activists,  including some closely tied to the jihadists, quickly uploaded all manner of images onto social media, showing dead and dying children and other victims said to be suffering from sarin nerve gas. Inconsistencies were brushed aside   such as the  eyewitness  who insisted,  We could smell it from 500 meters away when sarin is odorless.Potent ImagesStill, whether credible or not, these social-media images had a potent propaganda effect. Hersh writes that within hours of watching the gruesome photos on TV   and before he had received any U.S. intelligence corroboration   Trump told his national security aides to plan retaliation against Syria. According to Hersh, it was an evidence-free decision, except for what Trump had seen on the TV shows.Hersh quotes one U.S. officer who, upon learning of the White House decision to  retaliate  against Syria, remarked:  We KNOW that there was no chemical attack   the Russians are furious   claiming we have the real intel and know the truth Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE WHITE HELMETS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire WHITE HELMETS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22084,Boiler Room EP #114 – Psychos In The Compromised Media,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki and Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis also with a special report from FunkSoul (21WIRE & ACR contributor), for the hundred and fourteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re discussing a plethora of events and disappointments cooked up by the mainstream media and the zombified public who buy into their garbage. The team covers mind control, MK-Ultra, George Webb, media psyops, intelligence and deep state infiltrated movements and FunkSoul brings a special 5 minutes of Funk on a banking industry whistleblower.Direct Download Episode #114Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22085,The New Cold War: A Chilling Prospect for the World,"21st Century Wire says There is one curious thing the Presidents of your country [US] change but the policy doesnt change, on matters of principle.  ~ President PutinNATO s justification lies in its ability to find or create an enemy, Putin told legendary film maker, Oliver Stone. No other  enemy  has served NATO and the military industrial complex as well as Russia and the  Cold War . The re-emergence of the cold war construct has reached almost unprecedented levels with western media & governments bearing down on historic prejudices with renewed vigour. The new  cold war  is a chilling prospect for the world if it is allowed to mushroom into something more deadly.Finian Cunningham discusses this prospect in his article for Strategic Culture:On the passing of German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, Russia s President Vladimir Putin spoke fondly of the great statesman and his herculean efforts to reconcile Europe and Russia. Putin said he agreed with the late German leader s view that the Cold War between West and East had been largely brought to an end. The Russian president added, however, that international relations are bound to swing like a pendulum, oscillating between bad and good. Now the pendulum has swung a bit back towards frost, but I am convinced that it will inevitably find the right balance and we will be joining efforts to face today s challenges , Putin told reporters.This is commentary not meant to be pedantic nitpicking, but there are important reasons to point out why the pendulum analogy is mistaken. That model for relations is based on the false assumption that the dynamic can go from bad to good, and vice versa.If we take the peak of the Cold War running from the 1950s to the end of the 1980s, during which there was the constant specter of nuclear war, then if the pendulum analogy holds, one would expect that there should be at some stage of history an opposite state of relations in which mutual, peaceful coexistence eventually prevails.Unfortunately, history has shown us that more than 25 years after the presumed end of the Cold War, relations between the West and Russia have not proceeded towards any substantial improvement. Indeed, it seems clear that over the past five years or so, relations between the West and Russia have deteriorated to a level of hostility comparable to the peak of the Cold War.This grim condition of relations is illustrated by the constant imposition of new economic sanctions on Russia by the US and its European allies ever since the Ukraine conflict erupted in early 2014. Also, the relentless build-up of military forces by the US-led NATO alliance on Russia s border. In the past week, a NATO F-16 warplane made the highly provocative move of buzzing the aircraft carrying the Russian defense minister Sergei Shoigu while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea.President Putin last week in an interview aired with American film-maker Oliver Stone deplored the possibility of a nuclear war, saying that nobody would survive such a catastrophic event. It is a measure of how foreboding relations between the West and Russia have become when Putin is obliged to make such a dire warning.The Russian leader went on to point out, rightly, that NATO always needs to find an enemy in order to justify its existence. The military organization   despite claims of protecting Atlantic security   is wired for war ever since its inception in 1949.So, let s not delude ourselves. The question of whether the Cold War ended around 1990 or not seems incontestable. It didn t. That war continues   albeit expressed in different ideological language and propaganda terms.Instead of alleged Soviet Marxist-Leninist expansionism, we hear of accusations that Moscow is  undermining the liberal world order  and  interfering in Western democratic elections . Or, allegedly, that Russia is threatening the security of the Baltic states.This is not to dispute the genuine convictions and sentiments of many Western and Russian politicians for global cooperation. There seems little doubt that the late, great German Chancellor Helmut Kohl wholly believed in a vision of West-East reconciliation and unity. During his 16-year leadership (1982-1998), Kohl oversaw the reunification of West and East Germany and he spoke of a future where Europe and Russia would work together.Putin reflected on personal conversations he shared with the German statesman.  Unfortunately, not everything from the dreams, we used to dream and talk about, is being implemented. However, I am convinced that his [Kohl s] analysis is correct and those positive processes, without which neither Europe nor Russia has any future, will be developing in the European and, I can say, Eurasian continent , remarked the Russian president.The question is: why have these reasonable, laudable aspirations not been implemented?And this leads us to the nature of US leadership among the Western states. American dominance is about hegemony and maintaining control over its perceived unipolar position of global power. This worldview in turn stems from the condition of American-led Western capitalism. It is a zero-sum worldview in which a multi-polar world is simply not tolerable. American domination necessarily dictates to subordinates, not  allies .The emergence of other world powers   no matter how legitimate that emergence is   is seen as a threat to American hegemony and the hierarchical structure of the capitalist world economy in which US interests are the apex of importance.American-led antagonism towards Russia did not originate after the Second World War as conventionally thought. It began with the Russian revolution in 1917 and the fear of international communism spreading to threaten the capitalist order. While modern-day Russia does not profess to be  socialist , and China s polity is debatable, both are nevertheless still perceived as a threat to the American unipolar worldview because they represent a multipolar rivalry.The only period during which Washington appeared to extend a non-hostile hand towards Russia was during the Boris Yeltsin leadership years of the 1990s when Russia was in effect a vassal state for US-led Western capitalism. Under the later more independent political leadership of Vladimir Putin, in which Russia has repudiated vassal status, the US has reverted to its standard position of overt hostility.Thus, the Cold War was definitely not ended. It was merely suspended for those years when Russia was subservient. Now that Russia is no longer subservient, the US-led Cold War is resumed.Western politicians like Helmut Kohl and some present-day European leaders may sincerely aspire to a normalization of relations between the West and Russia. Of course, it is a reasonable aspiration given the common history, culture and mutual economic interests. However, the relations between the West and Russia, and for that matter other global powers such as China, will always be subject to hostility. That is because of the intrinsic hegemonic condition of US-led Western capitalism demanding total dominance.The analogy of relations modulating like a pendulum between negative and positive, or good and bad, or war and peace, is flawed. Because relations under a sought-after unipolar world of American domination will inevitably be subject to antagonism and, if needs be, all-out conflict and war.Rather than a pendulum, perhaps a more fitting analogy is a giant wrecking ball. The would-be American hegemonic power says:  Do as I demand and the wrecking ball is held back. If not, then here comes the force of destruction .How to transcend this appalling situation is the challenge of our times. But one surmises that the emancipation depends on ending American-led capitalism and its hegemonic dictate to the rest of the world.***TO READ MORE ON THE NEW COLD WAR: THE 21WIRE COLD WAR FILESSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22086,NORTH KOREA: Trump’s Recklessness Could Trigger All-Out Conflict on Korean Peninsula," 21st Century Wire says Washington s muscle flexing seems to have taken on a life of its own as the shadow of US neocolonialism falls over much of the world with increasing intensity. In Syria, the US is lashing out, lawlessly, at the bastion of resistance that has been denying its objectives for almost seven years. Now, the US secretary of State, Rex Tillerson has declared that China should  exert much greater economic and diplomatic pressure  on North Korea to step away from its nuclear and missile programmes. Footage of a reported, massive  live fire  drill conducted by the North Koreans in April 2017 gives some indication of what the US might face if this  escalation  is magnified beyond recall, by the usual suspects at Fox News and CNN This report is from Peter Symonds of WSWS:In what amounted to a barely disguised threat, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson yesterday declared that China had to  exert much greater economic and diplomatic pressure  on North Korea to abandon its nuclear and missile programs, if it  wants to prevent a further escalation in the region. In other words, if Beijing fails to rein in the Pyongyang regime, the US could resort to military measures.Tillerson s remarks followed a top-level meeting in Washington between him and US Defence Secretary James Mattis and their Chinese counterparts China s foreign policy chief Yang Jiechi and General Fang Fenghui, chief of the People s Liberation Army s joint staff department.Tillerson called on China to make greater efforts to halt  illicit  revenue streams to North Korea that allegedly help fund Pyongyang s military programs. Just last week, he told a congressional committee the Trump administration was  at a stage  where  we are going to have to   start taking secondary sanctions that is, penalise countries and corporations that engage in economic activities with North Korea.Unilateral  secondary sanctions  imposed by the US would, above all, fall on Chinese companies. China is, by far, North Korea s largest trading partner. US officials and the media have repeatedly accused Beijing of failing to do enough to choke off trade and finance with the Pyongyang regime. Any penalties against Chinese individuals or entities would quickly sour relations between the US and China.Just before the talks, US President Donald Trump signalled that time was running out for China to force North Korea to bow to US demands.  While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi [Jinping] and China,  he tweeted on Tuesday,  it has not worked out. While Tillerson s remarks indicate the US continues to pressure China for action against North Korea, Trump s tweet is a warning that the US will resort to other measures including military action if there are no results.Asked about Trump s tweet, Defence Secretary Mattis told the joint press conference with Tillerson:  What you re seeing I think is the American people s frustration with a regime that provokes and provokes and provokes and basically plays outside the rules, plays fast and loose with the truth. Mattis denounced Pyongyang in particular for the death of Otto Wambier the American student imprisoned in North Korea who died on Monday after being flown back to the US last week. The Trump administration is considering a ban to prevent Americans from visiting Pyongyang. Three other US citizens are currently jailed in North Korea.The comments of Mattis and Tillerson suggest that relations with China could deteriorate rapidly, especially if North Korea conducts another nuclear test or a long-range missile launch. In comments to CNN, unnamed US officials claimed this week that satellite imagery showed new activity at North Korea s underground nuclear test site and suggested that a sixth nuclear detonation could be imminent.Ahead of yesterday s talks in Washington, US State Department officials indicated that Mattis and Tillerson would press their Chinese counterparts not only on North Korea, but a range of other sensitive issues, including the South China Sea and the so-called war on terrorism.Acting Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia, Susan Thornton, told Voice of America that  all parties should freeze any construction or militarisation of features  in the South China Sea a comment directed especially at China. Last month, the US navy carried out another provocative  freedom of navigation  operation, sending a guided missile destroyer within the 12-nautical-mile territorial limit claimed by China around one of its islets.Trade and economic issues were excluded from yesterday s US-China Diplomatic and Security Dialogue but remained just below the surface. During last year s presidential election campaign, Trump repeatedly denounced China s trade policies and threatened punitive trade war measures. In seeking Beijing s assistance to pressure Pyongyang, Trump suggested the US could make concessions on trade.Having tweeted that Chinese efforts have  not worked out,  the implicit threat is that the US could ramp up the pressure on China over trade.  What Trump is saying is, I don t need you on North Korea now, and therefore maybe we should have it out on these other issues, like trade,  analyst John Delury told the New York Times.China is reluctant to impose new sanctions that will cripple North Korea s economy and provoke a political crisis that could be exploited by the US and its allies. At yesterday s talks, Chinese officials reiterated Beijing s call for renewed negotiations based on a freeze by Pyongyang on its nuclear and missile tests and a freeze by Washington on its joint military exercises in South Korea. The US has flatly rejected the proposal.Above all, the threat of US military strikes against North Korea hangs over Asia. Earlier this week, the Pentagon again sent two B-1 strategic bombers on a mission over the Korean Peninsula in a provocative show of force. The US Navy has two aircraft carrier strike groups stationed in the area, with another on its way.Any US military action against North Korea threatens to trigger an all-out conflict on the Korean Peninsula that could draw in other powers, including China, with devastating consequences. The Trump administration s recklessness is underscored by the fact that it is engaged in an escalating confrontation in Syria that threatens to provoke a clash with Russia and Iran, even as it is ramping up tensions in North East Asia.***FOR MORE INFORMATION ON NORTH KOREA: 21WIRE NORTH KOREA FILESSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22087,‘Stop Arming Terrorists Bill’ Fails in US Congress After Getting Only 13 Supporters,"21st Century Wire says What this latest result proves is that the level of institutional criminality in Washington DC is so deeply entrenched that American Congressmen are not fit to govern   not even in a progressive democracy, much less a constitutional republic.How can they claim to be the world s moral leader and global police when history demonstrates that over the last 40 years the United States has been the world s  number one state sponsor of terrorism ?Once again this week, the US was caught helping ISIS by providing air cover for terrorist operations on the ground in Syria.Despite all of this, Donald Trump still remains clueless as to how it all works By Matt AgoristFor the last several decades, the US government has openly funded, supported, and armed various terrorist networks throughout the world to forward an agenda of destabilization and proxy war. It is not a secret, nor a conspiracy theory, America arms bad guys.Given the insidious history of the American empire and its creation and fostering of terrorist regimes across the globe, it should come as no surprise that the overwhelming majority of politicians would refuse to sign on to a law that requires them to  Stop Arming Terrorists.  And, that is exactly what s happened.H.R.608  Stop Arming Terrorists Act was introduced by Rep. Gabbard, Tulsi [D-HI] on January 23 of this year. The bill doesn t have any crazy strings attached and its original cosponsors are a mix of Republicans and Democrats   highlighting that it transcends party lines. For years, our government has been providing both direct and indirect support to these armed militant groups, who are working directly with or under the command of terrorist groups like Al-Qaeda and ISIS, all in their effort and fight to overthrow the Syrian government, Gabbard said in an interview earlier this year.The text of the bill is simple. It merely states that it prohibits the use of federal agency funds to provide covered assistance to: (1) Al Qaeda, Jabhat Fateh al-Sham, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), or any individual or group that is affiliated with, associated with, cooperating with, or adherents to such groups; or (2) the government of any country that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) determines has, within the most recent 12 months, provided covered assistance to such a group or individual.The only thing this bill does is prohibit the US government from giving money and weapons to people who want to murder Americans and who do murder innocent men, women, and children across the globe. It is quite possibly the simplest and most rational bill ever proposed by Congress. Given its rational and humanitarian nature, one would think that representatives would be lining up to show their support. However, one would be wrong.After nearly 5 months since its introduction, only 13 of the 535 members of Congress have signed on as co-sponsors. What this lack of support for the bill shows is that the federal government is addicted to funding terror and has no intention of ever stopping it.To add insult to treason and murder, Senator Rand Paul [R-KY] introduced this same legislation in the Senate. He currently has zero cosponsors.Given the overwhelming lack of support for a bill that simply asks the government to stop giving money to people who behead children and video it, it should come as no surprise that Donald Trump signed hundreds of billions of dollars in weapons deals with other countries who also fund these people.As Americans bicker over Trump s bogus and non-existent Russian scandal, he s signing a deal worth hundreds of billions of dollars with the largest state sponsor of terror in the world  ensuring decades of future wars and the continuation of the cycle of terrorism.What s more is the fact that less than one week after publicly reprimanding Qatar for terrorism, President Trump signed off on the sale of $12 billion in weapons to the country he referred to as a funder of terrorism. This move, in Trump s own stance, makes him a de facto funder of terrorism now  READ MORE ISIS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ISIS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22088,RUSSIA’S RED LINE: Moscow Announces End to US ‘Deconfliction’ Cooperation Over Syria," IMAGE: Air defense and satellite tracking center in Russia.21st Century Wire says As of June 19th, the Russian Ministry of Defense has announced that it will be ending cooperation with the United States over Syria. Up until that time, the two country s  deconfliction  communications agreement has prevented the two super-powers from crossing swords during their respective military air operations over the Syrian skies.The Russian statement comes following news this week that a US F/A-18E Super Hornet shot down a Syrian SU-22 fighter jet 40 km from the city of Raqqa. Washington claimed it as an act of  collective self-defense  in protecting its US-backed  SDF  forces. The Syrian pilot was able to eject from his plane.The situation is serious. Russia has drawn a clear red line, with officials stating that all aircraft of the US-led coalition in the area of Russian and Syrian combat missions over Syria   will be tracked by Russian defense systems as  air targets. US F/A-18E Super Hornet.It s worth noting that at the moment of the US downing of the Syria jet, the Syrian Army was carrying out operations against ISIS. This is another in a now long list of US military incitements inside of Syria s borders, leaving both Syria and Russia to conclude that this latest US provocation is nothing short of a prelude to war.Pressure on the CoalitionIt seems that other countries are already taking notice. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) announced today that it will be suspending further flights over Syria, although not over Iraq. Australia s Department of Defense said: As a precautionary measure, Australian Defence Force (ADF) strike operations into Syria have temporarily ceased. As yet, there have been no further statements from the other US partners in air operations over Syria like the UK, France, Germany and Norway. Will others follow Australia s lead and head for the exit, or will they be forced to dig their heals into a position which is already in violation of their domestic and international law?Once again, Russia has countered an irrational and unhanded action in Syria by the US   by making a rational and deliberate move.Will this situation climb-down, or escalate? That answer seems to be up to the US now.More on this from RT RTThe Russian Defense Ministry announced it is halting cooperation with its US counterparts in the framework of the Memorandum on the Prevention of Incidents and Ensuring Air Safety in Syria following the coalition s downing of a Syrian warplane.The ministry has demanded a thorough investigation by the US military command into the incident with the Syrian government military jet, with the results to be shared with the Russian side. In the areas of combat missions of Russian air fleet in Syrian skies, any airborne objects, including aircraft and unmanned vehicles of the [US-led] international coalition, located to the west of the Euphrates River, will be tracked by Russian ground and air defense forces as air targets,  the Russian Ministry of Defense stated.Downing the military jet within Syrian airspace  cynically  violates the sovereignty of the Syrian Arab Republic, Russian military said.The actions of the US Air Force are in fact  military aggression  against Syria, the statement adds.The ministry emphasized that Russian warplanes were on a mission in Syrian airspace during the US-led coalition s attack on the Syrian Su-22, while the coalition failed to use the communication line to prevent an incident. The command of the coalition forces did not use the existing communication channel between the air commands of Al Udeid Airbase (in Qatar) and the Khmeimim Airbase to prevent incidents in Syrian airspace. The ministry considers the move  a conscious failure to comply with the obligations under the Memorandum on the Prevention of Incidents and Ensuring Air Safety in Syria,  and is thus halting cooperation with the US within the memorandum framework as of June 19, the statement concluded.Earlier Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov condemned the attack, branding it an act of aggression which actually helped the terrorists the US is fighting against .Continue this story at RTREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22089,SYRIA: Washington’s Boots and Missile Systems on the Ground to Defend ISIS and Associated Proxies,"Andrew Korybko Global Village SpaceThe US  deployment of the HIMARS missile system to eastern Syria is designed to deter the Syrian Arab Army s Dash for Deir az-Zor.Many people were caught off guard when the Russian Defense Ministry announced earlier this week that  The US has redeployed two High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems from Jordan to a US special operations forces base near the Syrian town of Al-Tanf , and that  the range of HIMARS cannot allow for providing support for US-controlled Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) operating against Daesh in Raqqa . This led to the logical conclusion that the HIMARS could be used by the US to strike Syrian Arab Army (SAA) forces, just as the Pentagon s developed a habit of doing several times already since April.To put this all into context, the SAA just broke through some of Daesh s occupied territory to reach the Iraqi border, thereby cutting off the US  special forces and allied  rebel  forces in Al-Tanf from linking up with the majority-Kurdish  Syrian Democratic Forces  (SDF) laying siege to Raqqa right now and committing ethnic cleansing there. Moreover, this development prevents the US-backed forces from driving through the desert to Deir az-Zor, the last major Daesh-occupied city in eastern Syria and the location of a small encircled SAA contingent. The  Dash for Deir az-Zor  is becoming the new  Race for Raqqa  now that the latter is all but over, as the former will decide whether or not the entirety of eastern Syria falls under pro-American proxy control or not.The SAA needs to liberate Deir az-Zor in order to keep the SDF and southern Al-Tanf  rebels  from connecting their occupied territories and enlarging the self-declared  Democratic Federation of Northern Syria  to include all of the Iraqi borders. If they fail in this task, then Syria will effectively be divided along East-West lines, and the former half could in principle connect to the corresponding demographic regions of neighboring Iraq to give rise to the unipolar transnational sub-states of   Kurdistan  and  Sunnistan , or in other words, two  geopolitical  Israels . Should they succeed, however, then the SAA will not only diminish the prospects for a pro-Saudi  Sunnistan  along the Syrian-Iraqi Borderlands, but it would also give Damascus a fair chance at recovering some territory north of the Euphrates and reversing the SDF-YPG s  federalization  momentum.For that reason, the US deployed the HIMARS in southeastern Syria in order to deter the SAA from going any further in the Dash for Deir az-Zor, though that doesn t mean that Damascus won t give it a shot anyhow. There s a high chance, just as Russia warned, that the US will use this missile system against the SAA, but there s an equal probability that Moscow wouldn t interfere in that case.What will Russia s stance be?Moscow has been abundantly clear that it is strictly abiding by its anti-terrorist military mandate, and it s already proven as much on multiple occasions by standing down whenever its  Israeli  partner bombed the SAA and Damascus  allies. Moreover, Russia also never militarily responded to the US  bombing of the SAA on the three times that it s happened in just as many months.In fact, First Deputy Chairman of the Federation Council s Committee on International Affairs Vladimir Jabarov declared right after the first incident that  Russia has no intentions to use its Aerospace Forces against US missiles if Washington decides to carry out new strikes in Syria as it could lead to a large-scale war , thereby confirming that there s close to no chance that Russia would come to Syria s aid if the US unleashed HIMARS against Deir az-Zor-destined SAA forces. Despite this unfavorable state of affairs, Damascus more than likely won t be discouraged, and could still very well make a dash for the desert town regardless of the HIMARS hindrance. Even in the event that its soldiers are martyred, Syria might be calculating that their sacrifices would be worth it if there s even a slight possibility that they can help delay the country s post-war  decentralization  and de-facto internal partition.About this eventuality, all indicators point to it basically being a fait accompli at this moment due to Russia s reluctance to stop this scenario from unfolding. Actually, Russia is even going along with it to an extent, though not due to it having an interest in this happening, because it both doesn t have the political will to commit the military forces necessary to stop it and also likely understands the process as being irreversible. This is why Moscow has chosen to take a  middle ground  between Damascus  unitary vision and its Kurdish adversaries   federalist  one by proposing a system of  decentralization  in the Russian-written  draft constitution  for Syria. Furthermore, there are grounds to believe that Russia s  de-escalation zones  will ultimately   whether wittingly or inadvertently   lead to the creation of  decentralization units  all throughout the country, especially in the Kurdish- and  rebel -occupied quarters.Taking into account what is implied by Russia s actions (or lack thereof) about its preferred  political settlement  to the War on Syria, there are concrete reasons to argue that Moscow might have already accepted the de-facto establishment of the two transnational sub-state entities of  Kurdistan  and  Sunnistan  in exchange for Washington implicitly agreeing not to interfere with Russia s two military bases in the western part of the country or its Damascus-granted rights to rebuild all of Syria s energy infrastructure (which would by extent also include the facilities in the pro-American occupied areas). Whether or not this sort of understanding/agreement is in place, or even if the US would fully respect it if it was, is a matter of speculation and can t be independently confirmed at this time, but an analytical reading of the situation indicates that this might very well be the case.With this in mind, the SAA might only enjoy the direct support of the Russian Aerospace Forces so long as it s fighting to liberate occupied territory from Daesh terrorists, not from the pro-American SDF-YPG and southeastern  rebel  forces that Moscow itself recognizes as part of the  political opposition . Russia s attitude seems to be that whatever the US does to the SAA with its newly deployed HIMARS is a strictly bilateral affair between those two conflict participants, and that Moscow would   as it s continually displayed a propensity for doing   turn the other way for all practical intents and purposes and only issue political statements of support for its on-the-ground ally.Therefore, the outcome of the Dash for Deir az-Zor will depend on the speed with which the SAA can reach their destination, the tactical maneuvers that the SDF-YPG take to beat them there from the northern direction, and the degree to which the US will be successful in using HIMARS to tip the balance in its favor from the southern front. The odds are overwhelming, but it still can t be ruled out that the SAA will ultimately prevail against this pincer strategy, liberate the desert city, and drive a stake in the heart of the US  attempts to set up two  geopolitical  Israels  in the heart of the Mideast, though the prospects of this optimistic scenario playing out are admittedly low.***READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22090,NUDGING TO WAR: U.S. Shoots Down Syrian Army Fighter Jet,"21st Century Wire says Yesterday a US F/A-18E Super Hornet is reported to have shot down a Syrian Army SU-22 jet near the village of Rasafah, south of Raqqa. Washington claims it was an act of  collective self-defense  because the Syrian jet had dropped bombs  near US-backed forces.  Syrian officials in Damascus deny the US claims, stating that their plane was downed while conducting a strike on an ISIS position. According to a statement released by Damascus, the US act of aggression in Syria airspace was a flagrant attack was an attempt to undermine the efforts of the army as the only effective force capable with its allies  in fighting terrorism across its territory.  Officials added that,  this comes at a time when the Syrian army and its allies were making clear advances in fighting the (ISIS) terrorist group. US officials are claiming that pro-Syrian regime forces  on the ground attacked the US-backed Kurdish militias under the  SDF  brand (Syrian Democratic Forces) near Tabqa outside Raqqa, after which time the US-led Coalition planes engaged Syrian military. US officials then claim that a Syrian planes dropped bombs near the US-backed forces. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov issue this statement:  We call on the United State and all others who have their forces or advisors on the ground [in Syria] to ensure the coordination in our work. Zones of de-escalation are one of the possible options to jointly move forward. We call on everyone to avoid unilateral moves, respect Syrian sovereignty and join our common work which is agreed with the Syrian Arab Republic s government. 21WIRE reported earlier this week how the presence of US and UK troops on the ground inside of Syrian sovereign territory may be provoking an escalation of an already tense situation in both Raqqa and in the region around al-Tanf. US-led coalition forces are supposedly there to train and assist anti-ISIS  militias, but also anti-Assad  rebel militias too. The US also also trying to impose self-styled  deconfliction zones around al-Tanf.In recent months, the Syrian Army have been making huge advances against ISIS positions. This latest US attack on Syria indicates that the US do not want the Syrian Army involved in the liberation of Raqqa   presumable to be able to stage-manage and control the operation and media coverage for its global audience, as the US did previously with Mosul in Iraq.A clear pattern has emerged with almost every US strike against Syrian forces inside of Syria   in each and every instance, the main beneficiary appears to be ISIS.Based on past incidents where US forces have attack Syrian military assets, in each instance the US attacks have benefited ISIS on the ground   leading many to conclude that the US Coalition forces are helping ISIS to gain strategic advantage against the Syria Army on the ground.Back in September 2016, US had attacked and massacred over 80 Syrian military soldiers after a  Coalition  airstrike on Dier Azor   a US attack which allowed ISIS to strategically advance past Syrian Army defensive positions. In addition to aiding ISIS on the ground, this act by the US also ruined any chance of a viable ceasefire agreement with Russia and Syria at the time.A similar events took place on June 5, 2017 when US-led coalition forces attacked what they called  pro-Syrian regime forces  near the town of al Tanf in southeast Syria, claiming the Syrian forces including some 60 troops, had somehow entered what the US claim was a  well-established de-confliction zone.  The US strike helped to take pressure off of a retreating ISIS in the region.In addition to this, the US cruise missile strike Syria s Sharat airbase near Homs killed some 80 people, supposedly in response to an alleged ;chemical weapons attack at Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib Province.According to Aleppo MP Fares Shehabi, the US missile attack should be viewed as  an act against an airport that is solely dedicated to fighting ISIS in Syria. And this attack is illegal, it s stupid. As it stands the US presence in Syria is in violation of both US and International Law. STAY TUNE FOR MORE UPDATESREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22091,Boiler Room EP #113 – ‘CNN is ISIS’,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with FunkSoul, Miles of Truth, Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), Daniel Spaulding, Infidel Pharaoh, Andy Nowicki and Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis for the hundred and thirteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re discussing parents so mentally ill that they ve been convinced by  progressive SJW tendencies that they need to ask their infant s  permission  to pick them up and hold them. We re talking about the recent shooting at the practice field for the Congressional baseball game where 5 people are being reported to have been shot by an apparent #BernieBro (leftist anti-Trump extremist) who it seems was inspired by the rhetoric and lies of the leftist mainstream media. We get an update on the  Media on Trial  conference that took place in the UK last weekend and some discussion about the discredited mainstream medias tactics in spinning lies about the presence of US and UK military patrolling, uninvited, on the ground in Syria.Direct Download Episode #113Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links:",0
22092,SYRIA: British and American Presence Directly Escalating Conflict Near Al-Tanf," US paratrooper on security duty during a mission to train Iraqi forces (Photo: US Department of Defense. Source: Wikicommons)21st Century Wire says In southeastern Syria, the region around al-Tanf has quickly become a focal point for the ongoing conflict in the region. Near to both the Iraqi and Jordanian borders, al-Tanf is currently the location of a contingent of US-led coalition forces, supposedly there for the purpose of providing training to  anti-ISIS  militias, but also anti-Assad militias too   the fabled  moderate rebels . Not surprisingly, the US-led coalition has unilaterally imposed a self-styled  deconfliction zone  around their camp in al-Tanf and claim to be defending their position from  pro-Syrian forces , otherwise known as the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) and allied militias. It has been reported by mainstream media outlets that coalition members represented at al-Tanf include not only the United States but also the British SAS, and also possibly Norway too.Although coalition forces are also present in other parts of Syria, including the area around Raqqa, an ISIS stronghold, the last few weeks have seen coalition forces striking Syrian military targets on at least three occasions near the coalition training camp close to al-Tanf  including incidents on May 18th, June 6th and June 8th. It is now being reported that the US is supplying  truck-mounted long range missiles  to its forces near al-Tanf, in a move that risks immediate escalation in the already-tense situation, and despite diplomatic efforts by Russia to calm the situation. All this comes as the US and its Kurdish proxy militia, the SDF, mount their attack on the ISIS stronghold Raqqa in Northeast Syria. The US has also seized the opportunity to invade more Syrian territory after an alleged sarin gas attack on April 4th that prompted President Trump to launch a missile strike on a Syrian airbase in retaliation.In the following segment filmed two weeks ago, 21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen speaks to RT International about the recent US strike on Syrian forces near al-Tanf. Henningsen explains how the US are taking advantage of the tension to secure its own territory inside of Syria:. US and Britain: A Policy of DeceptionOne could easily be confused by the narrative that is being spun by the US, Britain, and compliant mainstream media in both countries. Less than two years ago, in 2015, then British Prime Minister David Cameron ruled out sending British ground troops into Syria. In mid-2016, however, it emerged that British special forces were engaged in combat in the country. Between 2013 and 2015, former US President Barack Obama said on at least 16 occasions that there would be no boots on the ground  in Syria, but then changed his mind in late 2015 when US Special Forces were deployed into Syria.President Trump s statements are no less contradictory. On April 11th 2017, soon after his initial missile strikes on the Syrian airbase, Trump said that the US was  not going into Syria ; the current situation at al-Tanf simply contradicts that statement.Since that time, both Britain and the US have been slowly ramping up their presence in Syria, ostensibly to fight ISIS. But by repeatedly striking at Syrian government forces    the single most effective fighting force against ISIS    the US and Britain are actually helping ISIS to achieve its objectives.Note the mismatch between the US-led coalition s presence in Syria and how it s presented to the public. Not only do they claim to be fighting ISIS while at the same time indirectly helping them, but they also call their attacks on Syrian army targets  defensive   even though the Syrian military has never attempted to attack any coalition forces. And it is similarly ironic that these strikes against the Syrian military have occurred in what the coalition calls a  deconfliction zone , where supposedly no conflict is allowed. According to security analyst Charles Shoebridge: These are self-declared [US occupied] zones of  deconfliction.  What they really mean there is that they are not allowing other people to enter these zones, notwithstanding that this is part of a sovereign country, Syria  What they mean is that actually conflict is allowed, and military forces, as long as they are American, British and their  rebel  allies. They are not agreed deconfliction zones. Syria doesn t agree to them. Russia, which of course has established de-escalation zones elsewhere in the country, hasn t agreed to this. Consequently they really are, as [Russian Foreign Minister] Lavrov or his spokesman said, effectively unilateral zones. And not only is the narrative confusing, it is also not given the highest priority among mainstream headlines, with many other prominent stories conveniently serving to occupy the public while the situation in al-Tanf escalates. In a week that saw Congressmen shot at and injured at a baseball practice, a massive tower block fire in London taking at least 17 lives, and the UK election aftermath continuing to be unresolved, one could easily remain unaware of the escalating situation around al-Tanf in Syria. With the US-led coalition now directly and deliberately attacking Syrian forces, what has been a proxy war is suddenly growing more dangerous, and the prospect of a direct conflict between nuclear-armed powers looms ever closer.As former British Ambassador to Syria Peter Ford remarked during a recent conversation with 21WIRE, the British military has neither Syrian approval to be in Syria, nor international approval from the UN, nor even legislative approval from its own Parliament. The same applies to the United States; although the US Constitution gives the power to declare war exclusively to Congress, the US now has quite a long history of entering wars or using deadly military force without Congressional approval under the flexible guise of an  Authorization of Force. More on this story from Newsweek  Two Syrian army tanks destroyed in a battle against  moderate rebels , Azaz, Syria (Photo: Christiaan Triebert. Source: Wikicommons)Tom O Connor NewsweekRussia has demanded that the U.S. stop attacking forces that support the Syrian government as they overtake positions held by the Islamic State militant group (ISIS) on the country s border with Iraq.Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov reportedly made the comments Saturday on a phone call with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, responding to three U.S. air strikes in the past few weeks against forces battling ISIS and other insurgent groups on behalf of Russian-backed Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. The Pentagon has argued that the pro-Syrian government coalition, which it describes as Iran-backed militias, has breached a  deconfliction zone  declared by the U.S.-led international coalition in southern Syria but not recognized by Moscow or Damascus. Lavrov criticized the U.S. s moves, and the pair reportedly agreed to cooperate more closely in the future. Lavrov expressed his categorical disagreement with the U.S. strikes on pro-government forces and called on him to take concrete measures to prevent similar incidents in future,  Russia s Foreign Ministry said in a statement, according to Reuters.While the Syrian army and its allies, which include Russia, Iran and various pro-government militias, advance toward the besieged eastern city of Deir Al-Zour, held by ISIS since 2014, the U.S. has deployed Special Forces to train anti-Assad rebels near the southern region of al-Tanf. Both factions are involved in the battle against ISIS but differ on Syria s political future, with the former insisting that Assad remains in power and the latter mostly advocating for his removal.Continue this story at NewsweekREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22093,Virginia Shooter Hodgkinson Was ‘Never Trump’ Fanatic and Devotee of Bernie Sanders,"IMAGE: Democratic Party activist and gunman, James T. Hodgkinson.21st Century WireYesterday, a crazed gunman affiliated with America s radical  progressive  and  Never Trump  movement attacked Republican members of Congress and their staff during a practice session for an annual charity baseball game in Alexandria, Virginia.Steve Scalise (R-LA)Among those shot were Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA), the third ranking Republican in the House.In total, five people were wounded, including two police officers. All were taken to local hospitals for treatment.According to Arizona Senator Jeff Flake, Scalise was standing on second base, fielding balls during batting practice when the shooting began.Had the Capitol Police not been on the scene It would have been a massacre,  said Kentucky Senator Rand Paul.  As terrible as it is, it could have been a lot worse. The gunman, James T. Hodgkinson, was shot dead by police, dying later of multiple wounds.Hodgkinson, 66, is from Belleville, Illinois, was an ardent supporter of 2016 Democratic Party  presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, but also expressed a rabid hatred of conservatives and President Donald Trump as seen in his Facebook profiles and letters to newspapers. Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It s Time to Destroy Trump & Co,  and Republicans are the Taliban of the USA,  said Hodgkinson.Watch this cell phone footage of the event:However, the story appeared to be an embarrassment for Democratic Party-oriented mainstream media outlets like CNN and MSNBC. Not surprisingly, CNN seemed to avoid any extended coverage of the shooting, opting instead to focus most of its news coverage yesterday on the Grenfell Tower fire in London. Ever since Hillary Clinton s epic defeat last November, most US mainstream media organizations have been going all-out to discredit the new president. CNN s own Kathy Griffin, a 56-year-old  comedian  sparked public outrage last month after releasing a photo and video depicting her holding the bloodied head of President Trump in an ISIS-style video.Other liberal media sources are attempting to frame the attack as a  gun control  story, rather than a politically-motivated act of domestic terrorism.The following is a live debate which aired on RT International on Wednesday night, featuring 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen, Tighe Barry from Code Pink, and  Lionel  a frequent contributor on RT America. Watch:READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22094,"Boiler Room EP #112 – UK Election, Omran & Technocratic Tech","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Miles of Truth, Randy J and Basil Valentine (21WIRE & ACR contributors) for the hundred and twelfth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re getting a lesson in the UK political process as well as real time monitoring of the election as it develops with Basil Valentine and Miles of Truth calling in from the UK. We examine the updates in the story of Omran Daqneesh (formerly referred to as  Syria boy  and/or  Dusty boy ), more US airstrikes in Syria and a look at some technocratic police state and data collection technology that are anything but benign to freedom and privacy.Listen to  Boiler Room #112   UK Election, Omran & Technocratic Tech  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #112Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links:",0
22095,"Is the United States of America a Liberal Democracy, or Liberal Oligarchy?","21st Century Wire says Does the American ideal of a egalitarian meritocracy really live up to the reality? Did it ever?The world s political and financial elite are currently operating in an epoch which features the greatest wealth gap in human history, and in a financial environment which is the most unrestrained in modern times   all controlled by a relatively small tribe of hereditary elites.It s high time to question and reexamine the post-modern concept of  democracy Liberal Democracy is a system of governance conditioned not only by political liberties such as free and fair elections, universal suffrage, and rights to run for office, but also by constitutional liberties such as the rule of law, respect for minorities, freedom of speech, religion and assembly, private property rights, and most importantly, a wide separation of powers. The founding pillar of liberal democracy, therefore, is its citizens  ability to influence the government s policy formulation through the exercise of the aforementioned political and constitutional liberties. In other words, while a flawless correspondence between government policy formulation and majority preferences is idealistic, government responsiveness to citizens  interests and concerns, in the process of policy formulation, is of central importance when evaluating democratic governance.Petar Djolic Global ResearchErgo, by embracing the Iron Law of Oligarchy and The Elite Theory s perspective, this paper will illustrate how the U.S. system of governance, while providing constitutional, that is, civil liberties to its citizens, espouses more focused and more powerful interests over more diffused and less powerful interests. This inevitably results in the U.S. political system being a liberal oligarchy rather than liberal democracy as it is presumed by many (see Dahl, 1971, 1985, 2006; Tocqueville, 2000; Monroe, 1979; Key, 1961 and famously Lincoln, 1989).First, the paper will review the Iron Law of Oligarchy and The Elite Theory while highlighting some of their most prominent advocates. Next, by briefly reflecting upon the definition of the oligarchs and the elites, the paper will place the concept of political influence that corporate power exerts in context. Subsequently, the paper will survey an eminent empirical study that found a vast discrepancy in the U.S. government s responsiveness to the majority preferences as opposed to the preferences of the elites. Last, the essay will illustrate how studies confirming an ostensibly desirable degree of government s responsiveness to the preferences of average citizens neglect the reflection of those preferences to those of wealthy citizens. The Iron Law of Oligarchy and The Elite TheoryPolitical theory, The Iron Law of Oligarchy, was first proposed by Robert Michels in his book Political Parties (1999) and later developed into The Elite Theory by scholars such as C. Wright Mills, Elmer Eric Schattschneider, G. William Domhoff, etc. Opposing pluralism, the theory focuses on the disparity between the political influence exerted by the oligarchs or the elites, actors that control considerable concentrations of wealth, as opposed to that of the average citizen. This school of political thought argues that the U.S. system of governance espouses more focused and more powerful interests over more diffused and less powerful interests.  That is, the advocates of the Elite Theory stress that, in the case of the United States  government policy formulation, influence is conditioned by affluence. Mills (1959), in his magnum opus, The Power Elite, offered a comprehensive description of how U.S. political, economic, military and social elites have dominated key issues in public policy formulation. Similarly, in The Semisovereign People, Schattschneider asserted that the realm of the pressure system is actually fairly small: the range of organized, identifiable, known groups is amazingly narrow; there is nothing remotely universal about it  (1960: 30).Schattschneider continues by arguing that business or upper-class bias of the pressure system shows up everywhere  (ibid: 30), therefore, the  notion that the pressure system is automatically representative of the whole community is a myth  (ibid: 36).Instead, Schattschneider posits,the  system is skewed, loaded and unbalanced in favor of a fraction of a minority  (ibid: 36).G. William Domhoff made a significant contributed to the elite theory with his book, Who Rules America: The Triumph of the Corporate Rich. Domhoff (2013) presented a detailed depiction of how operating through various organizations such as think-tanks, opinion shaping apparatus and lobby groups enable elites to control key issues within policy formulation.Oligarchs and The ElitesAccording to Aristotle (1996), oligarchs are citizens who control and command an extensive concentration of wealth   who always happen to be  the few .  Similarly, people who, due to their strategic positions in powerful organizations, have the ability to influence political outcomes, are classified by most scholars as economic and political elites (Higley, 2006). Therefore, the terms oligarchs and elites are often used interchangeably. These individuals can  affect the basic stability of political regimes, the overall arrangements and workings of political institutions, and the key policies of the government  (Higley and Burton, 2006: 7). Typically, elites and oligarchs consist of the top directors and executives of the major corporations. Nonetheless, they can belong to other essential sectors of the society such as political, military and administrative (Keller, 1963). By owning a wealth-producing property, these individuals make large-scale investment and, therefore, employment decisions, which ultimately regulates the United States  economy (Higley and Pakulski, 2012). Therefore, a large percentage of American economic assets are disproportionately controlled by a rather small number of corporations.Empirical StudyOver time, a variety of diverse actors that seem to have influence on U.S. policy formulation have been identified. Coincidentally, normative concerns that the U.S. political system is vastly influenced by capital driven individuals and groups have been growing. Until recently, however, providing empirical evidence that supported these concerns proved to be very difficult, almost impossible. Nonetheless, several, fairly recent empirical studies have demonstrated that, in the case of the United States, the policy making process is influenced, to a great degree, by more focused and more powerful interests compared to more diffused, less powerful interests (see Gilens and Page, 2014; Winters and Page, 2009; Page, Kalla and Broockman, 2015; Jacobs and Page, 2005; Bartels and Seawright, 2013; etc). However, due to its limited scope, this paper will survey only one of these studies.By employing an imposing data set drawn from a heterogeneous set of policy initiatives, 1,923 in total, Gilens and Page demonstrated that economic elites and organized groups representing business interests have substantial independent impacts on U.S. government policy, while mass-based interest groups and average citizens have little or no independent influence  (2014: pp. 565).By comparing policy preferences of American citizens at the 50th income percentile to that of American citizens at the 90th income percentile, Gilens and Page (2014) found that the United States  policy formulation is conditioned by the preferences of the latter group far more than it is conditioned by the preferences of the former group. In fact, the influence that the medium voter exerts on the U.S. policy formulation is  near zero  (Gilens and Page, 2014: pp. 576). By including the data that dates all the way back to 1980 the authors illustrated that such state of affairs has been a long-term trend, making it harder for ordinary citizens to comprehend, let alone reverse. However,  ordinary citizens, might often be observed to  win , that is, to get their preferred policy outcomes, even if they had no independent effect whatsoever on policy making, if elites, with whom they often agree with, actually prevail  as policy formulation is not a zero-sum game (Gilens and Page, 2014: pp. 570). Nevertheless, it is crucial to point out that this correlation is erroneous in terms of causal impact and, consequently, provides a false sense of political equality. In other words, the results obtained by the authors demonstrate how the relatively high level of government s responsiveness to the preferences of average and low income citizens is nothing more than a reflection of the preferences shared by wealthy citizens. However, by incorporation a multivariate analysis of different test groups, Gilens and Page (2014), illustrated how the influence of average citizens  preferences drops rapidly once their preferences differ to that of wealthy citizens.The ideal of political equality that average American citizens, as well as many scholars, hold dear, stands in stark contrast to the immense representational biases demonstrated by Gilens and Page. While acknowledging that a perfect political equality has a particularly idealistic character, the enormous dichotomy in the system s responsiveness to citizens at different income levels reinforces doubt associated with the presumed liberal democratic character of American society and leads this paper to conclude that the U.S. is, contrary to popular belief, a liberal oligarchy as opposed to liberal democracy.By embracing the Iron Law of Oligarchy and The Elite Theory s perspective, this paper illustrated how the U.S. system of governance, while providing constitutional, that is, civil liberties to its citizens, espouses more focused and more powerful interests over more diffused and less powerful interests. This inevitably results in the U.S. political system being a liberal oligarchy rather than liberal democracy as it is presumed by many. First, the paper reviewed the Iron Law of Oligarchy and The Elite Theory and highlighted some of their most prominent advocates. Next, by briefly reflecting upon the definition of the oligarchs and the elites, the paper placed the concept of corporate power and political influence it exerts in context. Subsequently, the paper surveyed an eminent empirical study that found a vast discrepancy in the U.S. government s responsiveness to the majority preferences as opposed to the preferences of the elites. Last, the paper illustrated how studies confirming ostensibly desirable levels of government s responsiveness to the preferences of the average citizen neglect the reflection of those preferences to those of wealthy citizens .Continue this article and see all footnotes at Global ResearchREAD MORE NWO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NWO Files",0
22096,What’s the Leading Killer of American Adults Under 50? Drug Overdose.,"21st Century Wire says Last April, the UN general assembly met to discuss how the world s nations can  combat the global drug problem.  It was just the latest non-event in a long line of categorical failures, led by the United States. Ever since US president Richard Nixon declared the  War on Drugs  in 1971, the international narcotics trade has grown from strength to strength, in a black global market that is now worth hundreds of billions of dollars per year. After Nixon, other US presidents tried to champion the issue, from Reagan to Clinton, Bush and Obama. Each of them presided over one epic failure after another. However, where long-term data is available, it does point to systematic failures in drug policies. A study published in the British Medical Journal in 2013 found that despite efforts to limit the supply of these drugs, since 1990 prices have fallen while the purity of the drugs has increased. The trends were similar in the US and in Europe. The authors  conclusion was clear:  These findings suggest that expanding efforts at controlling the global illegal drug market through law enforcement are failing.  (The Guardian)As a direct result of the policies of western governments led by the US, and their corrupt accomplices in the international banking, UN and NGO sectors  in 2017, cheaper, newer and more deadly drugs continue to ruin families and communities, and millions of lives in the new western underclass and youth population Zero HedgeThe opioid crisis that is ravaging urban and suburban communities across the US claimed an unprecedented 59,000 lives last year, according to preliminary data gathered by the New York Times. If accurate, that s equivalent to a roughly 19% increase over the approximately 52,000 overdose deaths recorded in 2015, the NYT reported last year.Overdoses, made increasingly common by the introduction of fentanyl and other powerful synthetic opioids into the heroin supply, are now the leading cause of death for Americans under 50. And all evidence suggests the problem has continued to worsen in 2017. One coroner in Western Pennsylvania told a local newspaper that his office is literally running out of room to store the bodies, and that it was recently forced to buy a larger freezer.The initial data points to large increases in these types of deaths in states along the East Coast, particularly Maryland, Florida, Pennsylvania and Maine. In Ohio, which filed a lawsuit last week accusing five drug companies of abetting the opioid epidemic, the Times estimated that overdose deaths increased by more than 25 percent in 2016.In some Ohio counties, deaths from heroin have virtually disappeared. Instead, the primary culprit is fentanyl or one of its many analogues. In Montgomery County, home to Dayton, of the 100 drug overdose deaths recorded in January and February, only three people tested positive for heroin; 97 tested positive for fentanyl or another analogue.In some states in the western half of the US, data suggest deaths may have leveled off for the time being   or even begun to decline. Experts believe that the heroin supply west of the Mississippi River, traditionally dominated by a variant of the drug known as black tar which is smuggled over the border from Mexico, isn t as easily adulterated with lethal analogues as the powder that s common on the East Coast Continue this story at Zero HedgeREAD MORE WAR ON DRUGS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire War on Drugs FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22097,"US Coalition Airstrike on Syrian Army in Al-Tanf is Another Calculated War Crime, Aims to Destroy Arab Unity","Bouthaina Shaaban, Political & Media Advisor to Syrian President, Bashar Al AssadThe crimes committed by the US forces by bombing units of the Syrian Arab Army that were advancing to liberate the Al-Tanf crossing on the border with Iraq, and before it in Al-Thardah Mountain in Deir Al-Zour, and then Al-Shaerat Airport were not random or coincidental. They were, as in the case of the war crimes committed by US aircrafts against the Syrian people and Syrian infrastructure, calculated, and are part of the general geopolitical scheme to divide the region.The truth is that any connection between Syria and Iraq has been forbidden since the two countries  independence in the middle of the 20th century. The Baghdad Pact of 1955, which included Britain, Iraq, Turkey, Iran and Pakistan was meant contain the Arab national tide on the one hand, and to counter what then was called Soviet influence in the region on the other hand. Although this alliance fell in 1958, President Dwight D. Eisenhower declared a set principles in a private letter to Congress, which became known as the Eisenhower Doctrine. According to these principles, any country could request US economic aid or aid of the US armed forces if subjected to threats from another country. This was what Camille Chamoun did in 1958, when the nationalists in Lebanon rebelled to pursue the Arab national line and against Chamoun s attempt to rig elections. Eisenhower responded to Chamoun s request and sent the Marines to Beirut to preserve the  neutrality  of Lebanon s foreign policy, despite its  sympathy  with Arab issues.After Sadat signed the Sinai 2 Agreement, and later the Camp David Accords, President Hafez al-Assad tried to compensate for the Arabs  loss of Egypt by establishing a Levantine Front. He went to Iraq, Jordan and the Palestine Liberation Organization in Beirut.To the present day, secret CIA documents show that the instructions were issued at the time to Saddam Hussein to mobilise military forces on the Syrian border, to threaten Syria, and to advise Yasser Arafat against cooperation or even coordination with Syria . Despite President Hafez al-Assad s visit to Jordan, King Hussein has never been able shake off Western influence and engage in any joint Arab action.Today, despite the various reasons and pretexts, all the actions of the United States, Britain and France in Syria aim to continue to weaken the Syrian state, and cut off ties with neighbouring Arab countries, as well as countering the Russian efforts to support Syrian unity. After years of intervening in support of terrorism and arming its gangs, Britain and France recently recognised the presence of their troops on Syrian soil. U.S. Secretary of State John Foster Dulles (left) and President Eisenhower (right)The United States is applying the Eisenhower Doctrine, at times under the guise of supporting Kurds, or supporting democracy, but the real aim is to drain each Arab country separately, so that the Arab Nation could not form a human, geographical, historical, and cultural unity in the face of the Zionist project and the Western influence in the region.President Hafez al-Assad has tried, with all Arabs, to create any form of Arab solidarity and has expressed his willingness to make any necessary concessions, especially with Iraq. During the Iraq-Iran war he made an offer to Iraq to establish a Syrian-Iraqi unity, in which he would be vice-president, as a way out of the war through negotiations with the Iranians, but all his offers were rejected.Instead, Saddam Hussein supported and armed the Muslim Brotherhood terrorist gangs associated with Israel and the Western intelligence, who hit Syrian cities by car bombs, assassination, and sectarian killingsbetween the late seventies and early eighties.If we look closely at the history of the twentieth century and what is happening today in our country, it is certain that the main target of Britain, France and the United States  since World War I, is the Arab civilization, Arab identity and the geographical unity of Arab lands.What is remarkable is that very few Arabs have shown any awareness of this strategy, not to mention developing their own strategies for ensuring the Arabs  interests and rights. Hence, the Syrian Arab Army s plan to give priority for reaching the al-Tanf crossing and to make way for the geographical, economic and social ties with Iraq is to undermine the old old western plans to prevent communication between these two brotherly countries.The replacement of Israel with Iran as an enemy of the Arabs and the fabrication of the danger of Shiism are the latest pretexts for the continuation of Western hegemony on our land, our people and our wealth, using terrorism and Wahhabi money this time. These lies are a new episode in a series of lies, and their main aim is to prevent Arab unity and the rise of Arab power.***READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22098,"Kathy Griffin & Hillary Clinton Are Losers, Not Victims","21st Century Wire says Those on the  left  need to start taking responsibility for their actions.Kathy Griffin, an alleged comedian, has received immense backlash for a stunt she pulled earlier in the week. Griffin apparently thought it would be a great idea to pose with a blood soaked effigy of President Donal Trump s decapitated head.Now, after making the incendiary, and some may say threatening, photograph, she is attempting to turn the narrative around claiming to be a victim of  bullying .Similarly, Hillary Clinton is blaming a conspiracy of 1000 Russian agents working against her, fake news, Twitter bots, and misogyny for her election loss. She makes no mention of the fact that it was clear the Democratic voters wanted Bernie Sanders, not her, and that simply not being Donald Trump was not a good enough reason to vote for her.The massive problem with this scapegoating and more is discussed in the following video report: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22099,Hollywood Suffers Meltdown Over Trump’s Withdraw from Paris Climate Deal,"Hollywood is having kittens over US President Trump s recent snub of the Paris Climate Agreement. Especially upset are the elite cadre of multi-millionaire celebrities, along with various and sundry billionaires like Elon Musk, who still believe the earth is heating up because of anthropogenic global warming, aka man-made Co2. Already, the EU has rejected Donald Trump s offer to renegotiate the Paris Agreement, opting instead to bypass Washington DC by working with US CEOs, city mayors and state governors   to implement the climate accords.What Hollywood, Elon Musk, Bernie Sanders and the rest, will not tell you   is that the earth is already entering a global cooling phase which could lead to a mini ice age. Unlike trace warming over a 500 year period, a cooling phase can radical alter the viability of normal life in the Northern Hemisphere, including frosts that will lead to the failure of large parts of the agriculture sector which can lead to severe food shortages   which can make food scarce and much more expensive.More on this report from Lifezette  .Leonardo DiCaprio on his private yacht, incredibly worried about global warming.Todd Barnes LifezettePresident Trump s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord has sparked widespread hysteria in juice bars and luxury spas across Hollywood.As a candidate, Trump vowed to  cancel  the Paris climate deal   slamming what he called draconian climate rules. The Paris accord is very unfair at the highest level to the United States,  the president told a gathering Thursday in the Rose Garden.House Speaker Paul Ryan praised the president s decision and thanked him for  withdrawing from this bad deal. The Paris climate agreement was simply a raw deal for America,  Ryan said.  Signed by President Obama without Senate ratification, it would have driven up the cost of energy, hitting middle-class and low-income Americans the hardest. But some of Hollywood s most esteemed scientists fear the president s decision will put the nation on a slippery slope to the hothouse   an apocalyptic future with melting igloos and polar bears unable to put their Coca-Colas on ice. If this is true he will have the death of whole nations on his hands,  warned scientist-actor Mark Ruffalo.  People will be looking to the USA for retribution for what they loose [sic]. I wonder which nation will be the first to spontaneously combust   Iceland? Liechtenstein? Beauty and the Beast  star Josh Gad took a break from playing make-believe to ponder our fate. Our children & our grandchildren have all just been handed a dark future because of a man who tweets at 3:00 AM & doesn t  trust  science,  Gad tweeted.Cher, who apparently has some sort of graduate level degree in climatology, posted a bizarre rant, suggesting the nation has been  held hostage by Insane DICTATOR. Don Cheadle, known for his esteemed role as a Juicy Burger s employee in the 1985 film  Moving Violations,  decided to bring Trump s little boy into the debate. Today, our planet suffered,  declared Leo DeCaprio on Twitter. If you care about your kids maybe reconsider your #ParisAgreement decision. Barron will thank you when he sees you, whenever that is,  Cheadle tweeted.Leonardo DeCaprio, who became a famous Hollywood star because of an iceberg, was devastated by the news. Today, our planet suffered,  he declared on Twitter.Do you feel his pain, America? I suspect he will evacuate to some far-flung, exotic island in a private jet to mend his wounded psyche Continue this story at LifezetteREAD MORE CLIMATE CHANGE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Climate Change FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22100,"BILDERBERG: More Secret Meetings with Trump Advisors, US Senators","Mark Anderson The Truth HoundThe danger-ridden, tyrannical goal of creating an all-consuming corporate-ruled world superstate dubbed  One World Ltd.  -incrementally advanced since Bilderberg first met in Holland in 1954 under the auspices of Jesuit-trained European consolidator Joseph Retinger and his agent, Prince Bernhard of The Netherlands   explains why Bilderberg goes to such lengths to keep the details of its inner-workings so secret, while functioning as an off-the-grid world networking and planning forum for private governance benefitting the banking and general corporate classes. A core tactic is to parallel but eventually supersede the nation state itself, thereby canceling effective, genuine nationhood altogether.Bilderberg s gatherings, for the record, consist of about 140 mainly North American and European corporate moguls (including select big media), government ministers, treasury officials, parliament members, high-technology leaders, certain royalty (including Bernhard s daughter, Netherlands Queen Beatrix) and central bankers who annually skulk into the world s top hotels, in order to cross-pollinate to pursue One World Ltd. and related financial and political dealings.McMASTER, TWO U.S. SENATORS ATTENDINGIt s highly notable that President Donald Trump s National Security Advisor, H.R. McMaster, is listed as an attendee for this year s Bilderberg meeting June 1-4 in Chantilly, Va., at Westfields Marriot. Other U.S. officials attending who are currently serving in public office are Senators Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and Tom Cotton (R-Ark.). While Graham jetted to last year s Bilderberg meeting in Dresden, Germany, Cotton evidently is attending his first-ever Bilderberg meeting.SEE ALSO: BILDERBERG: What s The Big Deal?The 65th Bilderberg gathering this year has 131 participants from 21 countries having confirmed their attendance. The entire attendee and official topic lists (but not necessarily complete) can be found at this link [note on this list the large amount of serving Trump Administration officials, and this year s Bilderberg features more active duty US officials than any other previous meeting].McMaster, Graham and Cotton all share a neo-conservative ideology of aggressively patrolling the world, in conjunction with the UK and the EU, to push Western  democracy  and monopoly capitalism, while fostering hostility toward Iran, Russia and Syria, for the benefit of Zionism, among other things. This fits the Bilderberg credo of using one might say leasing U.S. military power and other influence to control the natural resources and economic machinery of as many nations as possible, while co-opting or overthrowing those nations that stand firm with their own sovereignty.The Virginia gathering marks Bilderberg s first North American meeting in five years. Last year in Germany, according to the group s officially shallow  press release,  they discussed (in their own words):  Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity, Chemical Weapons Threats, Current Economic Issues, European Strategy, Globalisation, Greece, Iran, Middle East, NATO, Russia, Terrorism, United Kingdom, USA and U.S. Elections.The group s press releases, a marvel of  revealing simplicity,  typically present bluntly-worded topics, such as  Russia,   Iran   United Kingdom,   European Strategy  and so on. Such topics are clearly indicative of Bilderberg s objectives and concerns for maintaining Western hegemony over Russia and its allies, Iran and Syria, which could include war or the risk of war with Iran and does include targeting Syria under the guise of  fighting  ISIS Continue this story at The Truth HoundNOTE: The May 24 North American premiere of  Bilderberg, the Movie,  produced by researcher and author Daniel Estulin and covered exclusively by The TRUTH HOUND among national mainstream and alternative news outlets, stressed one point that cannot be overstressed: The Bilderberg Group above all is in pursuit of   One World Ltd.  On that note, the movie s promotional flyer asked:  What do people who have $1,000,000,000,000,000 talk about in private? While the Estulin movie itself, of course, could not be filmed, videographer Ron Avery shot footage of Estulin s question-and-answer session immediately afterwards. WATCH: READ MORE BILDERBERG NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bilderberg FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22101,Boiler Room EP #111 – Build-a-World-Order-Burger,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis, Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributor), Andy Nowicki of Alt-Right Novelist and Basil Valentine (21WIRE & ACR contributor) for the hundred and eleventh episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re talking about Builderberg 2017, Zbigniew Brzezinski s role in social engineering, Feminists  galloping  around Stockholm as horses (in protest of  we re not really sure what) and breaking news of the death of Noriega.Direct Download Episode #111Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links:",0
22102,ABSOLUTE SUBMISSION: Trump Bows to Neocon Orthodoxy,"Consortium News Exclusive: In his Mideast trip to Saudi Arabia and Israel, President Trump sought some political safe harbor by tacking toward neocon orthodoxy and jettisoning his campaign promises of a more rational strategy, writes Daniel Lazare.Daniel Lazare Consortium NewsWith astounding precision, Donald Trump zeroed in on the worst possible Middle East policy option in his recent trip to Saudi Arabia and made it his own. He rebuffed the efforts of Iran s newly elected moderate government to open up communications with the West and instead deepened America s alliances with decrepit autocratic regimes across the Persian Gulf.Turning up his nose at Iran   a rising young power   he embraced Saudi Arabia, which is plainly on its last legs. It was a remarkable display    rather like visiting a butcher shop and passing up a fresh steak for one that s rancid and smelly and buzzing with flies.Saudi Arabia is not just any tired dictatorship with an abysmal human-rights record but one of the most spectacularly dysfunctional societies in history. It takes in half a billion dollars a day in oil revenue, yet is so profligate that it could run out of money in half a decade. It sits atop 18 percent of the world s proven oil reserves, yet is so wasteful that, at current rates, it will become a net importer by the year 2030.Its king travels with a thousand-person retinue wherever he goes while his son, Deputy Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman, plunked down $550 million not long ago when a 440-foot yacht caught his eye in the south of France. Yet this pair of royal kleptocrats dares preach austerity at a time when as much as 25 percent of the population lives on less than $17 a day in trash-strewn Third World slums.Similarly, Saudi Arabia s appetite for high-tech weaponry is such that in 2015 it became the largest arms importer in the world. Yet its military is so inept that it is unable to subdue ragtag Houthi rebels in neighboring Yemen or even stop them from raiding deep inside Saudi territory and launching regular missile attacks.The kingdom accuses Iran of sectarianism yet bans all religions other than Islam, arrests Christians for the  crime  of praying and possessing Bibles, equates atheism with terrorism, and has imposed a state of siege on Shi ite Muslims in its own Eastern Province. Although a bit restrained of late, its religious police are notorious for roaming the shopping malls and striking out with canes at anyone violating shari a law.As the English novelist Hilary Mantel (of Wolf Hall fame) recalled of the four years she spent in the kingdom with her geologist husband, it was impossible to know what might arouse their ire:  it might be the flashing denim legs of a Filipina girl revealed for a second beneath an abaya gone adrift, or it might be the plate-glass shop front of a business that, as the evening prayer call spiraled through the damp air-conditioned halls, had failed to slam down its metal shutters fast enough. What were the rules? No one knew. Saudi Arabia also denounces terrorism at every turn even though its funding groups like Al Qaeda and ISIS (also known as ISIL and Islamic State) is an open secret. In 2009, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton complained in a diplomatic memo made public by Wikileaks that  donors in Saudi Arabia constitute the most significant source of funding to Sunni terrorist groups worldwide.  In September 2014, she observed that  Qatar and Saudi Arabia   are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region. A few days later, Vice President Joe Biden told a Harvard audience that  the Saudis, the emirates, etc.   were so determined to take down [Syrian President Bashar al-] Assad and essentially have a proxy Sunni-Shia war   [that] they poured hundreds of millions of dollars and tens of thousands of tons of military weapons into anyone who would fight against Assad, except the people who were being supplied were Al Nusra and Al Qaeda and the extremist elements of jihadis coming from other parts of the world.  (Quote starts at 53:30.)Arming the SaudisRather than fighting ISIS and Al Qaeda, the Saudis give them money so that they can wage jihad on religious minorities. Yet this is the country that Trump now calls upon to  drive out the terrorists and extremists,  which is as ludicrous as relying on the KKK to drive out racism. It s also the country that he hopes will serve as the cornerstone of an  Arab NATO  so that he can sell it more jet fighters and Blackhawk helicopters.But the Saudi military is already top-heavy with such gear while at the same time so short of infantry that it relies on ill-trained Sudanese mercenaries, scores of whom were reportedly killed in a recent battle in the Red Sea province of Midi in Yemen s north. This is not surprising since no Saudi in his right mind wants to serve as a foot soldier so that the deputy crown prince can buy another yacht. But more such purchases will only add to the military imbalance while adding more fuel to the broader Middle East conflagration.So how did this god-awful marriage come about? Is it all Trump s fault? Or have others contributed to the mess? The answer, of course, is the latter.Every president since Franklin Roosevelt has contributed to the catastrophe. Roosevelt declared Saudi Arabia a U.S. protectorate while Dwight Eisenhower got it into his head that a corrupt desert monarchy would somehow be useful in the fight against Communism. Worried that it might come under Soviet influence, Jimmy Carter commenced a military buildup in the Persian Gulf that, according to a 2009 Princeton University study, has now surpassed the $10-trillion mark.Ronald Reagan relied on the Saudis to finance arms to the Nicaraguan Contras and to Jonas Savimbi s pro-apartheid guerrillas in Angola. George H.W. Bush launched a major war to save the Saudis from the evil Saddam Hussein. George W. Bush and Barack Obama covered up the Saudi role in 9/11, while Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton encouraged them and other Gulf monarchies to fund anti-government rebels in Libya and Syria during the Arab Spring. Both Libya and Syria fell to ruin as a consequence as hundreds of millions of dollars flowed to pro-Al Qaeda forces and the flames of Wahhabist terrorism spread ever wider.Indeed, Donald Trump for a while seemed to augur something different. Rather than praising the kingdom, he denounced it in 2011 as  the world s biggest funder of terrorism  and asserted, not inaccurately, that it was using  our petro dollars   our very own money   to fund the terrorists that seek to destroy our people while the Saudis rely on us to protect them.  Once on the campaign trail, he upped the ante by declaring that the Saudis  blew up the World Trade Center  and threatened to block their oil if they didn t do more to fight ISIS Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22103,PHILIPPINES: 2016 Washington’s Fury as Philippine’s Elections Threaten US Anti-China Policy," Duterte takes clear lead in Philippine elections. (Photo: IBT)Andrew Korybko The DuranMay 2016: As Filipinos choose their next President on Monday, prospect of election of anti-establishment candidate threatens the geopolitical viability of the US s Pivot to Asia.The Philippines votes for its next President on Monday.  Whilst the rest of the world pays little attention, strategists in Washington are worried.The electoral frontrunner is Rodrigo Duterte, an eccentric, no-nonsense former mayor from the southern island of Mindanao who commands a Trump-like popularity and an equally loyal following. He has shaken Philippine politics to its core over the past couple of months, defying establishment pundits who   just as they did with Trump   wrongly predicted that his campaign would fizzle out over the course of each passing week.Having totally underestimated just how dissatisfied most Filipinos are with the status quo, Duterte s rivals missed the chance to outshine him by his anti-system rhetoric. With the race in its final days that is now too late.  Instead   also paralleling what happened with Trump   there are desperate calls for coalitions and deals to stop him.Should these fail and should Duterte win on Monday, he promises a geopolitical revolution unlike anything the Philippines has ever seen in its history. Pivoting To Asia Through The PhilippinesThe US s Pivot to Asia was announced by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the fall of 2011 with the unstated but obvious goal of  containing  China. Key to this strategy is the  rebalancing    as the Pentagon calls it   of an estimated 60% of its overseas forces to the Asia-Pacific theatre. Such a major deployment requires many more bases than the US currently has in the region. The US has therefore sought the help of the loyal leader of its former Philippines colony, Benigno Aquino III, to find a way to re-open its bases in the Philippines which under popular pressure were closed in the 1990s.Using the  China threat  as the  plausibly justifiable  reason for doing so, but aware that the Philippines people still resent their former coloniser and are proud of having forced the US to close its Philippines bases at the end of the Cold War, the US has devised what it calls an  Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement  (EDCA) that allows for the  rotational presence  of American troops in at least five separate bases, one of which is located on the strategic island of Palawan that abuts the South China Sea.Although not legally  permanent  or  officially  controlled by the US, this wink-and-a-nod arrangement would in reality allow the US to redeploy its forces to the Philippines, returning the Philippines archipelago to the role of the US s second  unsinkable aircraft carrier  (alongside Japan) which it had during the Cold War.The  China Containment Coalition The Pentagon plans to use the Philippines as the maritime lynch of its  China Containment Coalition  (CCC), gathering all of its allies  navies together and deploying them within provocative striking range of China s claimed islands.The other three members of the US-led Quadrilateral Security Dialogue   Japan, India, and Australia   would find their own way to  rotate  their military units throughout the Philippines islands as well, thereby forming the core of the CCC.To add a regional element to this mix, the plan is for the Philippines and Vietnam, both of which contest some of China s maritime claims, to intensify their strategic cooperation to the point of a mutual defence treaty. This would draw Vietnam into the network of the anti-China coalition being built up by Washington by using the defence ties between Vietnam and the Philippines to making the members of the Quadrilateral Security Dialogue de facto allies of Vietnam.Altogether, the Pentagon plan is to produce a critical mass of hostile states near China s southern maritime border which backed by the US could quickly  counter  any moves by Beijing thereby  containing  it to the East Asian mainland.Duterte s RevolutionEverything was proceeding according to plan until Duterte began to question the  Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement . While his running mate has said Duterte would honour the agreement, he added that he would do so  from a position of strength .Back in October 2014, Duterte went on record to say the  Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement  should be scrapped if it allowed US servicemen in the Philippines to avoid justice for any crimes they committed.This pinpoints an issue very sensitive for Filipinos who have vivid memories of how US troops were able to escape punishment for acts of gross misbehaviour whilst the US military occupied its bases in the Philippines.  Public anger over this issue was one of the key factors in mobilising local opposition to the bases and explains why many Filipinos oppose their return.Since it is impossible to imagine such an incident not arising at some point, it is all but inevitable that a situation will occur which will fulfil Duterte s criterion for scrapping the  Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement  Taken together with Duterte s assertion that he intends to deal with the US  from a position of strength  it is easy to see how this might trigger the process of revoking the agreement.No Filipino politician has previously spoken about the US in this way.  Moreover other things he has said also suggest an intention to send a strongly independent line.Not surprisingly the Pentagon-affiliated publication  Starts and Stripes , which writes for US servicemen servicemen and their families, published a scathing critique of Duterte just last week.  Here are some excerpts: With Filipinos set to choose among five candidates on May 9, Duterte, the incumbent mayor of Davao City who has said the U.S.  should not meddle in our affairs,  holds a strong lead, according to the most recent poll released Sunday.Duterte is very popular now because people are sick and tired of the same old, same old,  said Virginia Bacay Watson, a professor at the Asia-Pacific Center for Security Studies in Honolulu.  He s kind of a fresh face, fresh perspective, compared to the other elites who are running. Duterte has presented himself to voters as a straight-talker who is not part of the Manila elite   someone who can get things done even if he needs to bend the rules to do so. That includes the country s foreign affairs. He feels that American influence is too strong, that we re too dependent on U.S. intervention in anything we do,  said Babe Romualdez, an opinion columnist for The Philippine Star newspaper who has interviewed the candidates one-on-one about their platforms on the U.S. military and relations with China. He was an activist when he was a student and young lawyer,  Romualdez said.  I get a sense that he s saying the same things that most of the militants say. In Romualdez s interview with the front-runner, the candidate said  we really don t need the Americans to deal with the Chinese because the Chinese want to talk to us alone. If I become president I m going to reach out to the Chinese and talk to them alone without American intervention,  he said.Duterte publically opposed the Visiting Forces Agreement with the U.S.   of which the EDCA was an amendment   and claimed in 2013 that he had rejected a request by the U.S. to establish Davao as a base of operations for drones.Earlier this year, he was quoted saying that although the country was now bound by the EDCA, he had  reservations about the presence of foreign troops.  He added,  We will not allow the building of structures. Clearly, Duterte is not the sort of leader the Pentagon envisaged for the Philippines.   If he becomes Philippine President there will inevitably be concern in Washington that its elaborate plans for an anti-Chinese coalition in the region could be scuttled.The New Silk Road Pays A Pit Stop To The PhilippinesWorse still for the US Duterte is saying the Philippines and China could have peaceful and pragmatic relations with each other, engaging in bilateral dialogue over their disputes without the meddling interference of the US.What that would mean for the US is that the Philippines might become a tacit Chinese ally, which would completely upend the regional strategic balance.That is not what Duterte is actually calling for, but he did say is that he not only would be open to talking to Beijing, but would even further and engage in joint exploration in the South China Sea. Further, in seeking to develop the decades-neglected infrastructure of one of the most promising economies of Asia, Duterte has suggested that he would be open to inviting China to build a railroad and other types of connective projects that Beijing has become globally renowned for. This would of course mean replacing US contractors   traditionally heavily entrenched in the Philippines   with cheaper and possibly more efficient Chinese ones   potentially causing US companies to lose out from billions of dollars of construction deals.Joint maritime exploration and infrastructure cooperation between the Philippines and China has the potential to turn the entire Philippines archipelago into the latest pit stop for China s New Silk Road, presenting the US with its biggest geopolitical setback since the reunification of Crimea with Russia.Concluding ThoughtsThe entire future of the US s Pivot to Asia hangs in the balance as Filipinos go to the polls in what is shaping up to be the most pivotal election in their country s history.While the US and its allied politicians are preaching a campaign of anti-Chinese fear mongering and war, Rodrigo Duterte is bucking the system and preaching the benefits the Philippines could reap from more pragmatic policies.By questioning the need for the Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement and subtly threatening to subvert it, Duterte has made himself the US s enemy number one amongst politicians from the Asia-Pacific. No other individual is speaking out in this way and unlike others who have come before him, he seems to command a high level of genuine people support.If Duterte succeeds in winning the Presidency, it could represent a paradigm shift in Philippine history and the region s geopolitics, resulting in the US losing its second  unsinkable aircraft carrier  and having its Pivot to Asia   ie. its plan to  contain  China   fail before it has even properly got underway.***READ MORE PHILIPPINES NEWS AT 21ST CENTURY WIRE S:  PHILIPPINES FILESSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22104,"Zbigniew Brzezinski, Globalist Scion, Dies at Age 89","21st Century WireZbigniew Brzezinski, national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter and founding member of the Trilateral Commission, died yesterday at the age of 89.Arguably one of the most influential thinkers and authors of the 20th and early 21st centuries, Brzezinski is regarded by many as the vanguard of modern globalism and the architect of the new world order.Brzezinski s two seminal publications, Between Two Ages and The Grand Chessboard are near blueprints of how globalization and geopolitics has progressed in the post-WWII world under an international system of Anglo-American economic and political hegemony.Brzezinski was born in Warsaw, Poland and attended university in both Canada and the US. In mainstream politics, Brzezinski first came to prominence in the early 1960 s as adviser to president John F. Kennedy and later with his successor Lyndon B. Johnson.During his tenure as chief national security advisor to president Jimmy Carter began in 1976, Brzezinski is said to have helped to broker the Panama Canal treaty, as well as Camp David negotiations between Israeli and Egyptian leaders, Menachem Begin and Anwar Sadat. He is also credited with opening up China to the West, and helping to topple the Soviet Union.In his final years, Brzezinski s efforts focused on the US-EU project to encircle and isolate Russia by pulling former Soviet republics and Balkan countries under the umbrella of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).READ MORE NWO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NWO FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22105,Boiler Room EP #110 – A Deeper Game: Masters of Chaos Strike Again,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis, FunkSoul (21WIRE & ACR contributor), and Basil Valentine (21WIRE & ACR contributor) for the hundred and tenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club. This week on the show we re talking about the terror event in Manchester, what do you think? Blowback? False Flag? Gladio 2.0? Hoax? A deeper esoteric combination of the options presented? Join us for a discussion on the unfolding of these events, one thing is for sure, regardless of where you stand in your own analysis of these and similar events, the result is higher tensions, social chaos and more police/surveillance state manifestations as civil liberties erode.Direct Download Episode #110Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links:",0
22106,"Bilderberg to Meet Next Week in Chantilly, Virginia","Mark Anderson AFPWith a little help from the Virginia police in the Fairfax County Sully District, as well as the obscure Bilderberg media-relations outlet and its May 19 late-coming online announcement, it s been confirmed that Bilderberg 2017 will take place in Virginia, June 1-4, at the Westfields Marriot in Chantilly.The Bilderbergers are naturally attracted to that snooty, secluded hotel, since they ve met there before in 2002, 2008, and in 2012, the year that Jim Tucker, the late AFP Bilderberg hound, made his last appearance covering the shadowy group after chasing these sons of smokestack billionaires since the mid-1970s.The annual Bilderberg gatherings are perhaps the most exclusive and obscure among all the meetings of economic ministers (G7, G20 etc.), the World Economic Forum, and other, more familiar global groupings.( ) Coming out of last year s meeting in Dresden, Germany, the Bilderbergers are facing an altered world, what with the U.S. president being Donald Trump whose early actions as president included pulling the U.S. out of the Bilderberg-favored Trans-Pacific Partnership. Britain also voted just after last year s Bilderberg meeting to exit the European Union. Early Bilderbergers, beginning with their first meeting in Holland in 1954, helped build the EU through all its intermediate stages to the present Continue this story at AFPREAD MORE BILDERBERG NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bilderberg Files",0
22107,THE JACK BLOOD SHOW: ‘From May Day Riots to Globalism’ with 21WIRE guest Shawn Helton,"21st Century Wire says .From May Day riots to designer technocracy  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)21WIRE s Shawn Helton joins well-known Talk Radio host Jack Blood on The Jack Blood Show, to discuss the socially engineered May Day protests and riots, the fake news peddled by mainstream media, chemical false flags in Syria, North Korea and the machinations of globalism. Listen as we breakdown today s hyper-real media propaganda READ MORE GLOBALIZATION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Globalization FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22108,Boiler Room EP #109 – It’s a Wonderfull Life,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis, FunkSoul (21WIRE & ACR contributor), Randy J (ACR contributor) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and ninth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club. This week on the show we re talking about what SHOULD be the biggest story on mainstream media but isn t, the latest revalations in the story of the death (murder) of Seth Rich, the DNC staffer who many believe to be one of the main leakers to Wikileaks during the 2016 election. Is his death a deep-state assassination? Is there a cover up under way? Is #TrumpRussia one of the convenient smoke screens to obfuscate this enormous story? You decide! The gang also talks about the death of Chris Cornell of Soundgarden and toss around ideas as to the validity of the suicide narrative coming out of the media so quickly and compare his case to a number of other high profile cases that come with some strange anomalies in their media baggage. The Serial Killer phenomena, possible Phoenix program style chaos on the sidewalks of New York and much more on this episode.Direct Download Episode #109Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22109,FORSAKEN SULTAN: Erdogan Isolated Ahead Trump Meeting in Washington,"Erdogan has very little to offer Trump in Syria. But the question should not be whether Trump could even turn his back on the Kurds in his fight against ISIS. It is more, whether Trump can trust the Turkish leader to not shift the goalposts at the last minute Martin Jay 21st Century WireTurkey s authoritarian leader, who recently brilliantly played a central role in both brokering the recent  safe zones  deal   backed by Iran and Russia   and signing off a new trade deal with Russia, seemed to be rising above the parapet as a regional leader. For a fleeting moment, this autocratic figure, who just scraped in by a whisker through a referendum to usher in new laws which would hurl Turkey truly into the depths of a third world country, shone for a moment. Coming out of the Astana talks, you watched the newsreel footage and almost forgot about the human rights apocalypse which the country is undergoing   from thousands of teachers, judges and civil servants being rounded up on charges linked to an attempted coup in the summer of 2016, right through to the worrying number of journalists locked up in jails, which is constantly compared to North Korea by many rights groups. There are currently over 250 journalists in jail in Turkey in a country where journalism has been pronounced dead under Erdogan s brutal crackdown.No matter. That won t bother Trump. But Erdogan s luck is still about to run out when he visits the US president who will bring him down to earth and show him exactly how much the Turkish leader is worth as a regional ally. We should all expect a bump, followed by a tantrum.Birds of the same feather? Could it be about personalities? When we look at both Erdogan and Trump, there are an alarming number of similarities which one might have thought would have played a role in bringing them closer. Both are nationalist leaders, frothing over their daily ratings, both extraordinarily thin-skinned and more importantly, equal in their colossal contempt for democracy and freedom of speech. Both leaders absolutely hate genuine journalists and what journalism, as an empirical, feature of democracy stands for: the absolute truth.But they are not twins. Erdogan is a political animal whereas Trump came into politics late and is driven by corporate power. Both though understand and resort to very short-term political churlishness and buffoonery. And here s where the worries lie, with Erdogan s plea for Trump to stop backing the Kurds in Northern Syria. When Trump sent 59 Tomahawk missiles into an Shayrat airbase in Syria, he was proving a point: that he, and America, is ultimately a super power. And super powers can do capricious, illogical things like that and still come out a winner. Trump needed to prove to regional leaders that he is capable of exulting military might after nearly all of his Middle East plans seemed to wane since taking office. And it worked. We may all be scratching our heads about the wisdom of hitting the Syrian Army s military infrastructure when the real target in Syria is ISIS, but it generated the media coverage and his popularity lifted back home. When Erdogan however bombed a number of Kurdish installations a few days later   almost following the example of the US president   it didn t have the same effect. Turkey aspires to be a super power but in reality is a fledgling compared to Saudi Arabia and Iran, or even Israel.Back home it was met with mixed reaction, while in Washington it backfired spectacularly. The Pentagon was shocked at how stupid the move was, given that US soldiers were only about 6 miles from the bombing and if they had been wounded or killed, then anything that Erdogan would have hoped to have achieved would have been dashed.Erdogan got the attention he wanted but he just made himself look like a loser in negotiations over how much power and support he demands in northern Syria as a new plan to take Raqqa unfolds; and how the US should now consider no longer arming the only fighting group on the ground in Syria which is fighting ISIS to any real degree, the YPG.Erdogan is beginning to come across as a jilted girlfriend who keeps making the moves to get the attention of Trump, but who just keeps on getting the cold shoulder though.He has been hoping since January that the so-called architect of the attempted coup in Turkey, Fethullah G len, could be extradited by Trump. He has been also hoping for the Kurds to be left out of the push for Raqqa; and he has been suggesting that Turkey and the US should take the city together in the final push for the epicentre of Islamic extremism.Ultimate threat and unsavoury alliancesErdogan has misjudged Trump though, which might explain why none of the three plans have unfolded. This is not a US leader who will be intimidated with threats, like the Kurd bombing. Quite the contrary. The result is that US officials and Donald Trump himself have started to humour Erdogan, for two chief reasons. Trump has investments in Turkey and Erdogan s ultimate threat would be to kick US soldiers and airman out of Incirlik airbase and to sell it to the highest bidder on the geopolitical circuit. The problem with Erdogan, Trump advisers will no doubt be telling him, is not that he has so little to offer militarily in the region. It s that he can t be trusted. They will point to his irrational relations he courts, then rejects, then restores again which makes him look erratic and untrustworthy   whether its erratic relations with Israel, Russia or even NATO and the EU. There are just too many u-turns. Erdogan sees Russia as the new trading partner and this is where his real interests and loyalties lie. And then there s Iran, considered by the Trump camp to be the very crux of America s problems in the region and vehemently hated by most of his advisers who are planning to bomb it at some point    which Turkey desperately wants to develop relations with both with trade and energy deals. But it s not just Iran and Russia which will irk Trump when he considers Erdogan s last chance gambit to save the Turkish leader s neck as he has to convince voters in two years that he   and his new anti-democratic grasp on the country s judges, media and other key institutions   is the winning ticket for Turkey. No, it s more about the relations that Erdogan has had with groups in Syria   like ISIS and Jabat al Nusra, which few doubt were being supported by Turkey at some point. Let s not forget that ISIS managed to swell its numbers dramatically by foreign jihadists crossing its southern border; for a long time, extremists were seen as a way to destabilize the Assad government in Syria, hence allies of Turkey.Erdogan has left it too long to come into the anti-ISIS theatre to be taken seriously. And so Erdogan s point of view that the US should not be backing the YPG and PYD in Syria   due to their links to the PKK   is actually a triumph of futility, as arguments go. Washington, certainly the Pentagon which Trump takes seriously, doesn t take Erdogan s offer to take Raqqa together seriously. It would probably involve too many US soldiers (whereas the Kurd plan won t) and the Turks would probably shift the goalposts at the last moment.Russia s foreign minister s meeting with Trump is a different matter. Super powers meet super powers and important decisions are thrashed out. When Erdogan arrives, he will be treated like an annoying neighbour who has arrived at the party late, on the pretext of complaining about the noise but really wanting to just worm his way in for a free drink. Small people, small issues.Adversaries of Erdogan close to Trump will also no doubt be raising the obvious question of how far can the US trust a regional leader, who, just days before a referendum which would give him more power, changed the voting rules which gave him the critical few percent at the polls?Erdogan s people have no confidence in their own leader in DCMoreover, the unspoken but very real threat that he may attack the Kurds on a grander scale is also not a point which Trump will appreciate. Even from a political dimension, it would make him look isolated and petulant as sour grapes never won anyone any votes at the polls. But it s also the lack of confidence Erdogan and his people have in their own arguments. Senior advisors to Erdogan have told me that the Washington trip is so important that they don t want to risk anything ruining the event. Yet how much credibility in the first place can you give to Erdogan s visit when paranoia and a shocking lack of confidence in Erdogan s ploy are so patently evident?Recently, an Oped article I wrote for a newspaper I have since discovered is Erdogan s english language propaganda sheet, was rejected because its criticism of Trump might scupper the talks. Hilariously, it was explained to me by one of the  journalists  on The Daily Sabah that  the talks are so important that we can t publish anything which is critical of Trump    hardly a sterling mark of confidence from an Erdogan fake news journal whose entire role is to promote the Turkish leader. If an innocuous Oped from a British journalist in a propaganda sheet is all it takes to ruin the talks, one could only assume that even Erdogan s own people have no faith in their leader s arguments or charisma, let alone his geopolitical edge. Where will the deluded Erdogan go after this inevitable climb down? I m expecting a grand tantrum and an even closer relationship with Russia. I m expecting some bombing of Kurds. And I m also expecting Erdogan to play the Incirlik card. What I am not expecting is my Turkish editors to keep their word and pay me what I am due for work which was commissioned by them. Erdogan s people just can t be trusted.Journalist Martin Jay recently won the U.N. s prestigious Elizabeth Neuffer Memorial Prize (UNCA) in New York in 2016, for his journalism work in the Middle East. He is based in Beirut and can be followed on Twitter at @MartinRJay. READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22110,Boiler Room #108 – Who’d Win in a Fight? Boiler Room vs. Hitler vs. Dracula,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis, FunkSoul (21WIRE & ACR contributor), Randy J (ACR contributor) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and seventh episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club. This week on the show we re side stepping politics and talking about movies, Hollywood, Aliens, Elf-men and paradigm shifts brought on be technological innovation!Direct Download Episode #108Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22111,DISMISSED: Trump Fires Scandal Plagued FBI Director James Comey – What Does It Mean?,"21st Century WireUS President Donald Trump has accepted a recommendation to  dismiss  FBI director James Comey. Was this a reprisal for the suddenly widened Russia-gate probe into the White House or was there something else at play within the operations of the deep state?Comey was at the center of a political controversy over much of the last year during the US presidential election cycle in 2016, and well into 2017. Throughout 2016, the former FBI director opened, closed and reopened (only to close again) a probe into Hillary Clinton, her email server and looking into accusations leveled at the Clinton Foundation, while also entertaining a dubious Russian probe into the Trump administration alleged  connections to Russia  that helped mine various stories, including a so-called  dossier  regarding the newly elected president in early 2017.In recent years, there have been many highly questionable actions under Comey s leadership at the FBI, such as the Orlando nightclub shooting incident   who s main suspect was previously interviewed by the FBI, as well as a highly questionable  ISIS inspired  shooting event in Garland, Texas linked to an FBI informant case run out of Phoenix, Arizona, and the federal agency s dramatic encroachment on public privacy following a suspicious San Bernardino mass shooting.  These are only just a few examples Grabien News highlights a list of scandals that were either attached to Comey or perpetuated under his watch: Here are 10 of Comey s biggest embarrassments at the FBI:1. Before he bombed the Boston Marathon, the FBI interviewed Tamerlan Tsarnaev but let him go. Russia sent the Obama Administration a second warning, but the FBI opted against investigating him again.2. Shortly after the NSA scandal exploded in 2013, the FBI was exposed conducting its own data mining on innocent Americans; the agency, Bloomberg reported, retains that material for decades (even if no wrongdoing is found).3. The FBI had possession of emails sent by Nidal Hasan saying he wanted to kill his fellow soldiers to protect the Taliban   but didn t intervene, leading many critics to argue the tragedy that resulted in the death of 31 Americans at Fort Hood could have been prevented. 4. During the Obama Administration, the FBI claimed that two private jets were being used primarily for counterterrorism, when in fact they were mostly being used for Eric Holder and Robert Mueller s business and personal travel. 5. When the FBI demanded Apple create a  backdoor  that would allow law enforcement agencies to unlock the cell phones of various suspects, the company refused, sparking a battle between the feds and America s biggest tech company. What makes this incident indicative of Comey s questionable management of the agency is that a) The FBI jumped the gun, as they were indeed ultimately able to crack the San Bernardino terrorist s phone, and b) Almost every other major national security figure sided with Apple (from former CIA Director General Petraeus to former CIA Director James Woolsey to former director of the NSA, General Michael Hayden), warning that such a  crack  would inevitably wind up in the wrong hands.6. In 2015, the FBI conducted a controversial raid on a Texas political meeting, finger printing, photographing, and seizing phones from attendees (some in the group believe in restoring Texas as an independent constitutional republic).7. During its investigation into Hillary Clinton s mishandling of classified material, the FBI made an unusual deal in which Clinton aides were both given immunity and allowed to destroy their laptops. 8. The father of the radical Islamist who detonated a backpack bomb in New York City in 2016 alerted the FBI to his son s radicalization. The FBI, however, cleared Ahmad Khan Rahami after a brief interview. 9. The FBI also investigated the terrorist who killed 49 people and wounded 53 more at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Fla. Despite a more than 10-month investigation of Omar Mateen   during which Mateen admitting lying to agents   the FBI opted against pressing further and closed its case. 10. CBS recently reported that when two terrorists sought to kill Americans attending the  Draw Muhammad  event in Garland, Texas, the FBI not only had an understanding an attack was coming, but actually had an undercover agent traveling with the Islamists, Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi. The FBI has refused to comment on why the agent on the scene did not intervene during the attack. It s important to remember that Comey is not the only FBI director who bears responsibility for the controversial aspects of 2013 s Boston Bombing. Under FBI director Robert Mueller  Tamerlan Tsarnaev came to the attention of the FBI on at least two occasions  prior to allegedly being involved in what many researchers have described as a false flag terror event in Boston. A questionable event that has arguably been used as a pretext to further clamp down on individual rights in the US.We should also be reminded that the FBI has been routinely caught foiling their very own terror plots  over the past several years.In recent years, the investigative tactics of various intelligence agencies have come into question, none perhaps more dubious then the Newburgh FBI sting that involved entrapping four men to participate in a fabricated event created by the bureau. Here s a 2011 passage from The Guardian describing how an FBI informant named Shahed Hussain coerced four others into a fake terror plot: The  Newburgh Four  now languish in jail. Hussain does not. For Hussain was a fake. In fact, Hussain worked for the FBI as an informant trawling mosques in hope of picking up radicals.Yet far from being active militants, the four men he attracted were impoverished individuals struggling with Newburgh s grim epidemic of crack, drug crime and poverty. One had mental issues so severe his apartment contained bottles of his own urine. He also believed Florida was a foreign country.Hussain offered the men huge financial inducements to carry out the plot   including $250,000 to one man   and free holidays and expensive cars.As defence lawyers poured through the evidence, the Newburgh Four came to represent the most extreme form of a controversial FBI policy to use invented terrorist plots to lure targets.  There has been no case as egregious as this. It is unique in the incentive the government provided. A quarter million dollars?  said Professor Karen Greenberg, a terrorism expert at Fordham University. The reputation of the FBI has suffered greatly in the recent past as well as over the past couple of decades. Incidentally, the FBI is on record as  handling Emad A. Salem, a former Egyptian army officer who was a prized undercover operative thrust into confidential informant status and person who played a key role in the 1993 WTC bombing.All of this has happened under the watchful eye of the FBI   SWORN-IN    FBI director James Comey sworn in by former DOJ head Eric Holder. (Image Source: thewhitehousespin)Over last summer, 21WIRE observed some curious connections between the Clinton Foundation and FBI director James Comey, as well as his questionable handling of other cases related to the Clinton family. Here s the following passage to consider in light of the new information related to the Clinton investigation: Many will also be unaware that before Comey was installed by the Obama Administration as FBI Director, he was on the board of Director at HSBC Bank   a bank implicated in international money laundering, including the laundering of billions on behalf of international drugs and narcotics trafficking cartels.Forbes also points out where Comey was also at the key choke-point during the case involving dodgy auditor KPMG which followed on by the HSBC criminal case: If Comey, and his boss Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez, had made a different decision about KPMG back in 2005, KPMG would not have been around to miss all the illegal acts HSBC and Standard Chartered SCBFF +% were committing on its watch. Bloomberg reported in 2007 that back in June of 2005, Comey was the man thrust into the position of deciding whether KPMG would live or die for its criminal tax shelter violations. Is this just a surface effort by the White House to clean the slate for an agency perpetually embroiled in controversy?More from RT below Trump fires FBI Director James ComeyRT The FBI is one of our Nation s most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement,  said President Trump. While I greatly appreciate you informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation, I nevertheless concur with the judgment of the Department of Justice that you are not able to effectively lead the Bureau,  Trump told Comey in a letter.The letter announcing the termination was hand-delivered to FBI headquarters by Keith Schiller, a Trump security aide, according to several reports citing a White House official.A search for a new permanent FBI Director will begin immediately.The firing of Comey comes days after he testified to Congress on investigations into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 US election.RT continues here READ MORE FBI NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire FBI Files",0
22112,James Comey’s Legacy: Blaming Russia Rather Than Saudi Arabia And Israel,"21st Century Wire says If it wasn t enough with James Comey doubling down on the Russia-gate narrative, the so called  liberal mainstream media  are continuing his work since he got fired by President Donald J. Trump by saying that what happened is a   gift to Russia .The United States of America, an atrophying empire, is a laughing stock with these kind of affairs rather than a power to be taken seriously alongside other nations.More on this report from The Duran  (Image   NBC)Adam Garrie The DuranThe last time Donald Trump fired an important official prior to an important foreign visit was when Steve Bannon was fired from his position on the  National Security Council the day before a Chinese delegation led by President Xi was to meet with Trump. It was also incidentally a day prior to Trump s infamous 6 April 2017 attack on Syria.Steve Bannon was known to favour Russian reconciliation, particularly over Syria cooperation. He was also a leader of the anti-Chinese camp, especially in the aftermath of Mike Flynn s resignation. The dots were not difficult to connect.READ MORE: Steve Bannon demoted Chinese President coming to Florida. Coincidence?Now, within hours of Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov holding talks with US Secretary of State Tillerson and apparently Donald Trump in Washington, FBI Director James Comey has been fired.Donald Trump is quoted in an official statement as saying, The FBI is one of our Nation s most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement .The liberal mainstream media are all ready saying that this is a  gift of Russia  as if Trump will hand over Comey s firing notice to Mr. Lavrov on a silver plate, not that Russia particularly cares. Russia does not.Theories about Trump firing Comey to placate Russia are not only literally stupid, but it makes a mockery of the United States. Then again, so too did the entire  Russiagate  investigation that Comey s FBI was leading.In a democracy, important checks and balances held keep each branch of government scrutinised when any powers are abused or laws are  broken. It is important to have an impartial FBI willing to investigate any branch of government when anything untoward is suspected. But it s a two way street.The un-elected FBI can go rogue as much as a President or Senator and that is what the FBI has done over investigating the non-issue of Donald Trump s non-existent connections with Russia.Any patriotic American should be ashamed of what Comey has done, continuing to investigate such a totally bogus set of entirely political/opportunistic accusations.Not only is there zero evidence of any Trump-Russia connnections but more importantly, America is too powerful to be influenced by ANY foreign power. So too are Russia and China.The fact that America still can be influenced by foreign powers is not due to capitulation, but instead due to greed which leads to a voluntary surrender of US interests whilst those of a foreign state are elevated.But is Russia one of those states? No it is not.There are no signs historically nor presently that Russia has ever had any positive influence on the United States Federal government at any level.The same cannot be said of Saudi Arabia and Israel,  states which are far weaker than Russia, but states which never the less have influenced US policy making for decades.America doesn t depend on Saudi or Israel for survival, but in a corrupt country, money talks and this is what America has become: a corrupt country that is so rich and so powerful it doesn t even need to be corrupt, but greed has got the better of integrity.For years America depended on cheap oil from Saudi Arabia and its other OPEC goons and likewise, many Americans liked to lavish themselves in the easy money which flowed from the repressive desert kingdom. Hillary Clinton was a prime example of a politician bought and sold in Saudi gold.Likewise, the US based Israel lobby is extraordinarily powerful in terms of monetary influence. Groups like the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) donate millions to political causes. By contrast, groups which oppose Israel s foreign and internal policies do not have that kind of money and therefore do not have that kind of influence.One can love or hate Saudi Arabia/love or hate Israel, but these are facts and they are as American as baseball and burgers. They have nothing to do with Wahhabism or Zionism per se.What a shameful state it is, that US politicians feel the need to rely on foreign money for personal enrichment. I can understand why leaders in the poor countries that America dominates feel the need to go along with American money and influence in order to enrich themselves or even keep their nation from total collapse or invasion, but what is America s excuse? America has the biggest military in the world and is the world s wealthiest nation   Continue this report at The DuranREAD MORE COMEY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire COMEY FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22113,Washington’s Criminal Activities Are Only Getting Messier,"21st Century Wire says It was a major scandal that broke out in 2009. Academi, formerly known as Blackwater, was accused of murdering civilians and smuggling weapons in Middle East ops.Further to the prosecution of four Blackwater employees five years later, guilty of killing 17 Iraqi civilians in Baghdad during one spate of violence, there has been a historical boom of private contractors occurring since Iraq and Afghanistan incursions began.More on this report from New Eastern Outlook  Martin Berger New Eastern OutlookThe unpunished slaughter of thousands of civilians in Iraq, Syria, and Afghanistan carried out by the US over the course of the last decade is now being gradually replaced by new types of crimes committed by Washington s henchmen in the course of its ongoing instances of armed aggression against sovereign states.As it s been reported by Bloomberg with a special reference to AP, a well-known American contractor firm Sallyport Global has recently been engaged in a number of illegal operations in Baghdad s vicinity. According to the report, its employees would get engaged in alcohol smuggling and slave trade. It s curious that Sallyport Global s staff would overload cargo planes with illegal alcohol so hard that they could barely fly, while stealing generators and armored off-road vehicles from the Balad air base that they were dispatched to protect. Bloomberg would note that some of company s employees were also involved in selling local residents to sex slavery.Meanwhile, it is a well-known fact that Sallyport Global received 686 million dollars from the US government to fulfill a number of missions in the best interests of the American people. Or at least it was supposed to.One could also recall a major scandal that broke out back in 2009, when a military contractor firm Academi (that was called Blackwater back in the day) was accused of murdering civilians and smuggling weapons. Five years later the jury in the state of Washington found four employees of the Blackwater private company guilty of killing 17 Iraqi civilians in Baghdad in just one instance of violence. After this attack Iraqi authorities demanded that Blackwater paid 8 million dollars in compensation to each of the 17 families whose relatives were murdered in the raid that its employers conducted. Additionally, local authorities demanded that a total of 250 both former and acting employees of Blackwater would leave Iraq within a week after the tragic event.As soon as the US military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan began, along with an number of other military interventions across the globe, the number of private companies involved in providing so-called  security services  to the Pentagon started booming.In the absence of any independent audit, the actual number of military contractors deployed in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria and other countries can only be guessed, since the official evaluation provided by the Pentagon is pretty misleading. The tangled web of contractors and subcontractors and the lack of any comprehensive control led to the situation when even the top US officials had no real information on the actual of number of US contractors deployed in a particular country. Thus, when the Congress demanded the Interim Coalition Administration (ICA) of Iraq to provide it with the exact number of military contractors deployed in the country back in 2004, it took the latter quite a lot of time to draft a list of 60 firms employing a total of 20,000 people. However, six year later the number of people employed by the Pentagon, the State Department and the United States Agency for International Development to carry out security related missions in Iraq and Afghanistan exceeded 260,000 people with only every fourth contractor being an American citizen. At times, the number of contractors deployed exceeded the total number of troops US Armed Forces had in these two countries.Private military firms carry out a wide range of missions in the areas controlled by the US military personnel, such as the participation in actual combat engagements, reconnaissance missions, special operations, carrying out security tasks and logistical support. They have also been training local army and police units that are loyal to the forces that Washington supports. Private contractor firms are playing an important role in ensuring that the situation in a certain country, occupied by the United States, remains under control. The best example of a wide range of activities that military contractors are engaged in is the fact that the people employed by the Anteon International have been maintaining communications systems that Pentagon is using for its operations.In Afghanistan, for example, such military contractor firms as MPRI, Sandline, Control Risk Group, Chilport, along with Israeli Golan Group and Beni Tal were deployed long before the actual invasion began. Back then the CIA was determined to send the maximum possible number of infiltration groups that were formed out of employees of private intelligence companies. Those groups were tasked with the mission of killing Osama bin Laden and other leaders of the Taliban movement. Additionally, they were demanded to get engaged in the bribing of local warlords, collecting operational data, conducting reconnaissance and carrying out acts of sabotage.To this date Washington relies heavily on the services that private intelligence companies would provide. This phenomenon can be explained by the fact that Middle Eastern warlords are getting extremely violent when they find a snitch in their ranks, which results in his death and, quite possible, the deaths of all of his relatives, regardless of the degree of kinship, age and sex. This is the main reason behind the reluctance that most locals towards cooperating with the occupying force. So in a situation when the CIA cannot establish a comprehensive intelligence network, contractors are the only people that lend it a helping hand.The large-scale involvement of private contractor firms led to the practice of bribing local commanders, when money are being paid for the relative security that the employees of such a firm can enjoy in a certain territory. Thus, an impressive margin of all the money that such firms are getting end up in the pockets of the Taliban movement leaders, who are acting in the capacity of some sort of subcontractors. According to official data, the Taliban movement has received over 360 million dollars from the US budget for the services it has been providing to private contractor firms. This number constitutes the second largest sources of income for the mujahideen movement, with the proceeds from drug trade still occupying the top of the list.When the number of US troops in certain conflict zones of abroad decreases, it is usually accompanied by an increase in the number of employees of private contractor firms willing to risk their heads for a paycheck...Continue this report at New Eastern OutlookREAD MORE WASHINGTON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire WASHINGTON FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22114,Will ‘Trumponomics’ Bankrupt America?,"21st Century Wire says F. William Engdahl is a strategic risk consultant and lecturer, he holds a degree in politics from Princeton University and is a best-selling author on oil and geopolitics. Engdahl was a guest alongside Adam Garrie of The Duran on a power packed edition of The Sunday Wire with Patrick Henningsen entitled  War And Peace . If you didn t get the chance to catch it, you can find that podcast here.More on this report from GlobalResearch  (Image   TIME)F. William Engdahl GlobalResearch The campaign promises were grandiose just like the candidate. Donald Trump wooed millions of American voters with his pledge to  make America great again.  He promised a $1 trillion infrastructure plan to revitalize the de facto depressed national economy. He promised to bring jobs back from China, Mexico and elsewhere by renegotiating major trade deals or scotching them entirely as with the Trans-Pacific Partnership of the Obama era, a scheme which Trump rightly said would take even more American jobs. After 100 days in office what are the prospects that his economic program will bring positive changes to Americans?Dismal to put it mildly. Of course that should come as no shock to anyone taking a closer look at who is Trump, or more correctly his transition team brought in to run White House economic policy.That Dubious Wall Street Economics TeamThe top economic and financial position in the Trump Cabinet is held by of Steve Mnuchin, Secretary of the Treasury, a veteran Wall Street banker for 17 years at Goldman Sachs. As an undergraduate at Yale University, for those interested in occult matters, Mnuchin was inducted into the bizarre Skull & Bones secret society in 1985, the same secret society where George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush were initiates.After leaving Goldman Sachs, Mnuchin was several times a business partner with notorious convicted hedge fund insider trader, George Soros, the putative  Daddy  Warbucks today of CIA and USAID regime change NGOs around the world. Both Mnuchin and Soros, with other investors, made a literal killing on the ravages of the US sub-prime real estate collapse. They bought bankrupt California mortgage lender IndyMac from the US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation during the 2008 sub-prime mortgage crisis at a bargain price. Mnuchin was severely criticized as owner and CEO of IndyMac for making money by foreclosing aggressively on homes at a rate double the norms of the banking industry. He was sued over questionable foreclosures, and settled several cases for millions of dollars. He violated the Fair Housing Act by not lending money to African Americans, Hispanics, and Asians. If we are to believe him, he told the financial TV CNBC last November it would be the Trump administration s job to  make sure that the average American has wage increases and good jobs. A second key member of Donald Trump s economic team is Wilbur Ross, Secretary of Commerce. Ross, a billionaire, was for 24 years head of N.M. Rothschild & Sons New York office for bankruptcy-restructuring, a euphemism for what is called  asset-stripping,  where he earned the title,  King of Bankruptcy.  Ross  ties to Trump go back to the 1980 s when Ross helped Trump avoid foreclosure on The Donald s three Atlantic City gambling casinos. Ross  International Coal Group owned a West Virginia coal mine where an explosion in 2006 killed 12 miners. It was later revealed by his former associates that Ross knew well that the mine was sub-standard in safety but did nothing to correct it. In 2014 Ross was named head or  Grand Swipe  of a secret Wall Street fraternity, Kappa Beta Phi, founded in 1929 just before the stock market crash, whose stated purpose is to  keep alive the spirit of the  good old days of 1928 29.  Michael Bloomberg, former Goldman Sachs CEO Jon Corzine, Laurence Fink CEO of the $4.5 trillion financial firm BlackRock, are some of the very select members of Ross  Wall Street fraternity.The Trump Director of the White House Office of Management and Budget (OMB), responsible for drafting the President s annual Budget, is former US Congressman Mike Mulvaney. In his first Trump Budget proposal Mulvaney cut funds for a program  Meals on Wheels  which brings food to disabled, claiming the program showed no  results.  The program delivers meals to individual homes and senior citizen centers, feeding more than 2.4 million Americans 60 and older, more than half a million of them veterans according to their website. The government says that most recipients live alone, take more than six medications, and rely on these meals for at least half the food they consume.Gary Cohn is the White House Director of the National Economic Council. He came to the job directly from Goldman Sachs where he was President and Chief Operating Officer. Cohn led a Goldman Sachs delegation to Greece in 2009 to try to convince the Greek government to use derivatives to push debt due dates into the distant future. Goldman Sachs in fact, while Cohn held a top position in 2001, devised the exotic derivatives scheme to hide billions in state debt from Brussels that enabled Greece to illegally qualify to join the Eurozone.This is the gang that we are supposed to believe will  make America great again,  and to  make sure that the average American has wage increases and good jobs.  In fact, based on what they have released to date, they will destroy much of what little remains of a functioning national economy and a stable middle-class. Continue this article at GlobalResearchThe above article was originally posted at F. William Engdahl s New Eastern OutlookREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22115,The Existential Question Of Whom To Trust,"21st Century Wire says Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980 s and has been a featured guest on Patrick Henningsen LIVE at 1100KFNX.  In this report, Robert asks due to mainstream media experts who ve fallen to  careerism , whom can we trust to deliver us the information to describe the world and its conflicts. (Image   Former Secretary of State, Colin Powell addressing the United Nations on Feb. 5. 2003)Robert Parry Consortium NewsThe looming threat of World War III, a potential extermination event for the human species, is made more likely because the world s public can t count on supposedly objective experts to ascertain and evaluate facts. Instead, careerism is the order of the day among journalists, intelligence analysts and international monitors   meaning that almost no one who might normally be relied on to tell the truth can be trustedThe dangerous reality is that this careerism, which often is expressed by a smug certainty about whatever the prevailing groupthink is, pervades not just the political world, where lies seem to be the common currency, but also the worlds of journalism, intelligence and international oversight, including United Nations agencies that are often granted greater credibility because they are perceived as less beholden to specific governments but in reality have become deeply corrupted, too.In other words, many professionals who are counted on for digging out the facts and speaking truth to power have sold themselves to those same powerful interests in order to keep high-paying jobs and to not get tossed out onto the street. Many of these self-aggrandizing professionals   caught up in the many accouterments of success   don t even seem to recognize how far they ve drifted from principled professionalism.A good example was Saturday night s spectacle of national journalists preening in their tuxedos and gowns at the White House Correspondents Dinner, sporting First Amendment pins as if they were some brave victims of persecution. They seemed oblivious to how removed they are from Middle America and how unlikely any of them would risk their careers by challenging one of the Establishment s favored groupthinks. Instead, these national journalists take easy shots at President Trump s buffoonish behavior and his serial falsehoods   and count themselves as endangered heroes for the effort.FOILS FOR TRUMPIronically, though, these pompous journalists gave Trump what was arguably his best moment in his first 100 days by serving as foils for the President as he traveled to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, on Saturday and basked in the adulation of blue-collar Americans who view the mainstream media as just one more appendage of a corrupt ruling elite.Breaking with tradition by snubbing the annual press gala, Trump delighted the Harrisburg crowd by saying:  A large group of Hollywood celebrities and Washington media are consoling each other in a hotel ballroom  and adding:  I could not possibly be more thrilled than to be more than 100 miles away from [the] Washington swamp   with much, much better people.  The crowd booed references to the elites and cheered Trump s choice to be with the common folk.Trump s rejection of the dinner and his frequent criticism of the mainstream media brought a defensive response from Jeff Mason, president of the White House Correspondents  Association, who complained:  We are not fake news. We are not failing news organizations. And we are not the enemy of the American people.  That brought the black-tie-and-gown gathering to its feet in a standing ovation.Perhaps the assembled media elite had forgotten that it was the mainstream U.S. media   particularly The Washington Post and The New York Times   that popularized the phrase  fake news  and directed it blunderbuss-style not only at the few Web sites that intentionally invent stories to increase their clicks but at independent-minded journalism outlets that have dared question the elite s groupthinks on issues of war, peace and globalization.THE BLACK LISTProfessional journalistic skepticism toward official claims by the U.S. government   what you should expect from reporters   became conflated with  fake news.  The Post even gave front-page attention to an anonymous group called PropOrNot that published a black list of 200 Internet sites, including Consortiumnews.com and other independent-minded journalism sites, to be shunned.But the mainstream media stars didn t like it when Trump began throwing the  fake news  slur back at them. Thus, the First Amendment lapel pins and the standing ovation for Jeff Mason s repudiation of the  fake news  label.Yet, as the glitzy White House Correspondents Dinner demonstrated, mainstream journalists get the goodies of prestige and money while the real truth-tellers are almost always outspent, outgunned and cast out of the mainstream. Indeed, this dwindling band of honest people who are both knowledgeable and in position to expose unpleasant truths is often under mainstream attack, sometimes for unrelated personal failings and other times just for rubbing the powers-that-be the wrong way.Perhaps, the clearest case study of this up-is-down rewards-and-punishments reality was the Iraq War s WMD rationale. Nearly across the board, the American political/media system   from U.S. intelligence analysts to the deliberative body of the U.S. Senate to the major U.S. news organizations   failed to ascertain the truth and indeed actively helped disseminate the falsehoods about Iraq hiding WMDs and even suggested nuclear weapons development. (Arguably, the  most trusted  U.S. government official at the time, Secretary of State Colin Powell, played a key role in selling the false allegations as  truth. )Not only did the supposed American  gold standard  for assessing information   the U.S. political, media and intelligence structure   fail miserably in the face of fraudulent claims often from self-interested Iraqi opposition figures and their neoconservative American backers, but there was minimal accountability afterwards for the  professionals  who failed to protect the public from lies and deceptions.PROFITING FROM FAILUREIndeed, many of the main culprits remain  respected  members of the journalistic establishment. For instance, The New York Times  Pentagon correspondent Michael R. Gordon, who was the lead writer on the infamous  aluminum tubes for nuclear centrifuges  story which got the ball rolling for the Bush administration s rollout of its invade-Iraq advertising campaign in September 2002, still covers national security for the Times   and still serves as a conveyor belt for U.S. government propaganda.The Washington Post s editorial page editor Fred Hiatt, who repeatedly informed the Post s readers that Iraq s secret possession of WMD was a  flat-fact,  is still the Post s editorial page editor, one of the most influential positions in American journalism.Hiatt s editorial page led a years-long assault on the character of former U.S. Ambassador Joseph Wilson for the offense of debunking one of President George W. Bush s claims about Iraq seeking yellowcake uranium from Niger. Wilson had alerted the CIA to the bogus claim before the invasion of Iraq and went public with the news afterwards, but the Post treated Wilson as the real culprit, dismissing him as  a blowhard  and trivializing the Bush administration s destruction of his wife s CIA career by outing her (Valerie Plame) in order to discredit Wilson s Niger investigation.At the end of the Post s savaging of Wilson s reputation and in the wake of the newspaper s accessory role in destroying Plame s career, Wilson and Plame decamped from Washington to New Mexico. Meanwhile, Hiatt never suffered a whit   and remains a  respected  Washington media figure to this day.CAREERIST LESSONThe lesson that any careerist would draw from the Iraq case is that there is almost no downside risk in running with the pack on a national security issue. Even if you re horrifically wrong   even if you contribute to the deaths of some 4,500 U.S. soldiers and hundreds of thousands of Iraqis   your paycheck is almost surely safe.The same holds true if you work for an international agency that is responsible for monitoring issues like chemical weapons. Again, the Iraq example offers a good case study. In April 2002, as President Bush was clearing away the few obstacles to his Iraq invasion plans, Jose Mauricio Bustani, the head of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons [OPCW], sought to persuade Iraq to join the Chemical Weapons Convention so inspectors could verify Iraq s claims that it had destroyed its stockpiles.The Bush administration called that idea an  ill-considered initiative    after all, it could have stripped away the preferred propaganda rationale for the invasion if the OPCW verified that Iraq had destroyed its chemical weapons. So, Bush s Undersecretary of State for Arms Control John Bolton, a neocon advocate for the invasion of Iraq, pushed to have Bustani deposed. The Bush administration threatened to withhold dues to the OPCW if Bustani, a Brazilian diplomat, remained.It now appears obvious that Bush and Bolton viewed Bustani s real offense as interfering with their invasion scheme, but Bustani was ultimately taken down over accusations of mismanagement, although he was only a year into a new five-year term after having been reelected unanimously. The OPCW member states chose to sacrifice Bustani to save the organization from the loss of U.S. funds, but   in so doing   they compromised its integrity, making it just another agency that would bend to big-power pressure. By dismissing me,  Bustani said,  an international precedent will have been established whereby any duly elected head of any international organization would at any point during his or her tenure remain vulnerable to the whims of one or a few major contributors.  He added that if the United States succeeded in removing him,  genuine multilateralism  would succumb to  unilateralism in a multilateral disguise Continue this report at Consortium News READ MORE US NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire US FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22116,Boiler Room #106 – Did Israel Attack Damascus? + Bill Nye The PsyOp Guy,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Patrick Henningsen of 21WIRE, Randy J (ACR contributor) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and sixth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club. We re breaking down the developments of a potential Israeli Missile attack in Syria, North Korea as a joke of a Nuclear threat and the utter failure of Netflix and the Bill Nye show to influence viewers to join his cult of lab coats and bow ties with the catch phrase being  I told you so  because IT IS SCIENCE!  Does Bill Nye promote eugenics and incarceration of anyone who doubts his version of science  You bet he does, just watch his new show if you have any doubt.Listen to  Boiler Room EP #106   Israel Attacks Damascus & Bill Nye The Psyop Guy  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #106Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22117,"The CIA Doesn’t Need To Spy On Free Thinkers, The Private Sector Does It For Free","21st Century Wire says Here s something quite  Pavlovian  to think about. What  if  it were a goal of government and their security services to ensure that we  feel  we re being watched at every turn, in every-way feasible;  but reality is not exact what we  think  it is and we re doing most of the censoring all by ourselves.Adam Garrie from The Duran takes us on an interesting journey in the below article. It also contains an important element of what we ve talked about on shows at 21st Century Wire and Alternate Current Radio s The Boiler Room regarding this  fourth wall  that people find it difficult to push through, which is  fear . The fear of losing their job, loved ones, social acceptability, and so forth.More on this article from The Duran  Adam Garrie The DuranEven prior to the release of Vault 7 from Wikileaks, people knew that so-called intelligence agencies in western states had the means to spy on their own citizens. Many also assumed that the typical illegality of such activities was of no consequence for agencies and individuals in those agencies who regard themselves as being above the law.Now that we know the CIA and other institutions have such abilities to digitally hack just about every household device from the smart phone and Smart-TV to the good old fashioned PC, the biggest question is, when do these deep state organisations implement these measures to spy on civilians and compromise their lives?The answer can be found without needing to resort to conspiracy theories nor even speculation. The answer lies in the private sector.Organisations like the CIA, MI5, FBI etc., need only do what the private sector isn t all ready doing for them and as it is, the private sector is doing a hell of a lot.If one wonders why major financial, academic, diplomatic, trading, banking, security and even artistic institutions in the West tend to have people on their payrolls who follow the  western ideological narrative , there are two reasons.The first is that people are attracted to like-minded people and by extrapolation like-minded professions.But there is a second more devious reason. Those who think outside the western box, those who  question more  simply cannot get a foot through the door. Technically, one needn t have any view on Vladimir Putin to be on the board of a major western construction company, law firm, private bank or hedge fund. These professions do not involve knowledge of Russian politics or society.  But those who have and even casually express a view of Putin or of the Arab world or of East Asia and Latin America that differs from the neo-lib/neo-con point of view, are blacklisted.Social media has made this blacklisting easier to do than ever. If two equally qualified candidates were applying for a high level position at a financial institution and one person had a picture of himself at a Hillary Clinton fundraiser on his Facebook and the other had a  Save Palestine  picture or a pro-Putin meme on his social media accounts, there would be no prizes for correctly guessing who would almost certainly get the job.In the words of George Carlin,  It s a big club and you ain t in it .The punitive blacklisting of those who don t follow the CNN/BBC/NYT script has a double effect.First of all, it keeps those who think outside the box away from positions of power in the private sector and in most western countries, without a prominent position in the business or mainstream entertainment community, achieving political office is next to impossible.Secondly, there is a powerful deterrent effect. Many people would like to post pro-Putin, pro-Donbass, pro-Syria or pro-Palestine items on social media, but they are afraid that it could cost them their job, their bonus or even their friends. In the west such things can break-up families. It happens every day. At this very movement, someone in a western country is contemplating suicide because of being on the losing end of a divorce settlement. Very sad, yet very true.This Kafkaesque reality is achieved without the CIA needing to hack people s phones or computers. The private sector does the job for them.For every tabloid story about a woman losing her job because she posted a photo of her genitals on-line, there are many more people who are professionally compromised for posting photos of patriotic Russian or Arab leaders.Throughout the 20th century, the private sector has always been happy to do the bidding of the deep state. Hollywood was largely compliant with the  red scare  tactics of the 1950s and frankly, Hollywood producers did more to censor free-speech than the drunk and soon discredited Joseph McCarthy ever could have done.Why should the CIA waste time and money to read people s emails, when their much more local boss, or chairman of  human relations  can take a quick look at Facebook and achieve the CIA s goal far more easily?The answer is that they don t. The beauty of a police state is that unquestioning citizens are deputies of the secret police and they work for free. Some do it willfully and others do it unconsciously, but they do it nevertheless Continue this article at The DuranREAD MORE WIKILEAKS NEWS AT:  21st Century Wire WIKILEAKS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22118,Why Not A Probe of ‘Israel-Gate’,"21st Century Wire says Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s.As the mainstream media in the United States continues to double down on  Russia-Gate , Parry begs the question, why not probe an Israel-Gate.Robert Parry is a past guest of Patrick Henningsen Live on 1100KFNX and Alternate Current Radio and his last interview can be found hereMore on this article from Consortium News  (Image by Brendan Smialowski   AFP)  Robert Parry Consortium NewsThe other day, I asked a longtime Democratic Party insider who is working on the Russia-gate investigation which country interfered more in U.S. politics, Russia or Israel. Without a moment s hesitation, he replied,  Israel, of course. Which underscores my concern about the hysteria raging across Official Washington about  Russian meddling  in the 2016 presidential campaign: There is no proportionality applied to the question of foreign interference in U.S. politics. If there were, we would have a far more substantive investigation of Israel-gate.The problem is that if anyone mentions the truth about Israel s clout, the person is immediately smeared as  anti-Semitic  and targeted by Israel s extraordinarily sophisticated lobby and its many media/political allies for vilification and marginalization.So, the open secret of Israeli influence is studiously ignored, even as presidential candidates prostrate themselves before the annual conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump both appeared before AIPAC in 2016, with Clinton promising to take the U.S.-Israeli relationship  to the next level    whatever that meant   and Trump vowing not to  pander  and then pandering like crazy.Congress is no different. It has given Israel s controversial Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a record-tying three invitations to address joint sessions of Congress (matching the number of times British Prime Minister Winston Churchill appeared). We then witnessed the Republicans and Democrats competing to see how often their members could bounce up and down and who could cheer Netanyahu the loudest, even when the Israeli prime minister was instructing the Congress to follow his position on Iran rather than President Obama s.Israeli officials and AIPAC also coordinate their strategies to maximize political influence, which is derived in large part by who gets the lobby s largesse and who doesn t. On the rare occasion when members of Congress step out of line   and take a stand that offends Israeli leaders   they can expect a well-funded opponent in their next race, a tactic that dates back decades.Well-respected members, such as Rep. Paul Findley and Sen. Charles Percy (both Republicans from Illinois), were early victims of the Israeli lobby s wrath when they opened channels of communication with the Palestine Liberation Organization in the cause of seeking peace. Findley was targeted and defeated in 1982; Percy in 1984.Findley recounted his experience in a 1985 book, They Dare to Speak Out: People and Institutions Confront Israel s Lobby, in which Findley called the lobby  the 700-pound gorilla in Washington.  The book was harshly criticized in a New York Times review by Adam Clymer, who called it  an angry, one-sided book that seems often to be little more than a stringing together of stray incidents. Enforced SilenceSince then, there have been fewer and fewer members of Congress or other American politicians who have dared to speak out, judging that   when it comes to the Israeli lobby   discretion is the better part of valor. Today, many U.S. pols grovel before the Israeli government seeking a sign of favor from Prime Minister Netanyahu, almost like Medieval kings courting the blessings of the Pope at the Vatican.During the 2008 campaign, then-Sen. Barack Obama, whom Netanyahu viewed with suspicion, traveled to Israel to demonstrate sympathy for Israelis within rocket-range of Gaza while steering clear of showing much empathy for the Palestinians.In 2012, Republican nominee Mitt Romney tried to exploit the tense Obama-Netanyahu relationship by stopping in Israel to win a tacit endorsement from Netanyahu. The 2016 campaign was no exception with both Clinton and Trump stressing their love of Israel in their appearances before AIPAC.Money, of course, has become the lifeblood of American politics   and American supporters of Israel have been particularly strategic in how they have exploited that reality.One of Israel s most devoted advocates, casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, has poured millions of dollars in  dark money  into political candidates and groups that support Israel s interests. Adelson, who has advocated dropping a nuclear bomb inside Iran to coerce its government, is a Trump favorite having donated a record $5 million to Trump s inaugural celebration.Of course, many Israel-connected political donations are much smaller but no less influential. A quarter century ago, I was told how an aide to a Democratic foreign policy chairman, who faced a surprisingly tough race after redistricting, turned to the head of AIPAC for help and, almost overnight, donations were pouring in from all over the country. The chairman was most thankful.The October Surprise MysteryIsrael s involvement in U.S. politics also can be covert. For instance, the evidence is now overwhelming that the Israeli government of right-wing Prime Minister Menachem Begin played a key role in helping Ronald Reagan s campaign in 1980 strike a deal with Iran to frustrate President Jimmy Carter s efforts to free 52 American hostages before Election Day.Begin despised Carter for the Camp David Accords that forced Israel to give back the Sinai to Egypt. Begin also believed that Carter was too sympathetic to the Palestinians and   if he won a second term   would conspire with Egyptian President Anwar Sadat to impose a two-state solution on Israel.Begin s contempt for Carter was not even a secret. In a 1991 book, The Last Option, senior Israeli intelligence and foreign policy official David Kimche explained Begin s motive for dreading Carter s re-election. Kimche said Israeli officials had gotten wind of  collusion  between Carter and Sadat  to force Israel to abandon her refusal to withdraw from territories occupied in 1967, including Jerusalem, and to agree to the establishment of a Palestinian state. Kimche continued,  This plan prepared behind Israel s back and without her knowledge must rank as a unique attempt in United States s diplomatic history of short-changing a friend and ally by deceit and manipulation. But Begin recognized that the scheme required Carter winning a second term in 1980 when, Kimche wrote,  he would be free to compel Israel to accept a settlement of the Palestinian problem on his and Egyptian terms, without having to fear the backlash of the American Jewish lobby. In a 1992 memoir, Profits of War, former Israeli intelligence officer Ari Ben-Menashe also noted that Begin and other Likud leaders held Carter in contempt. Begin loathed Carter for the peace agreement forced upon him at Camp David,  Ben-Menashe wrote.  As Begin saw it, the agreement took away Sinai from Israel, did not create a comprehensive peace, and left the Palestinian issue hanging on Israel s back. So, in order to buy time for Israel to  change the facts on the ground  by moving Jewish settlers into the West Bank, Begin felt Carter s reelection had to be prevented. A different president also presumably would give Israel a freer hand to deal with problems on its northern border with Lebanon.Ben-Menashe was among a couple of dozen government officials and intelligence operatives who described how Reagan s campaign, mostly through future CIA Director William Casey and past CIA Director George H.W. Bush, struck a deal in 1980 with senior Iranians who got promises of arms via Israel in exchange for keeping the hostages through the election and thus humiliating Carter. (The hostages were finally released on Jan. 20, 1981, after Reagan was sworn in as President )Continue this article at Consortium NewsREAD MORE MIDDLE EAST NEWS AT:  21st Century Wire MIDDLE EAST FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22119,Tax March: Where Were You as Obama Wrecked Libya?,"21st Century Wire says The contrast in the numbers protesting is astounding.This past weekend, thousands of people in hundreds of cities across the US took to the streets to demand President Trump release his tax returns. This is in stark contrast to protests against Obama s war on Libya back in the Spring of 2011, where protests were not only few and far between but also struggled to get more than 50 people to attend.Stuart J. Hooper examines why this is, and also asks if the people at the Tax March have any principles or are just looking to be a part of what s  popular . READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22120,MASS INTEGRATION:  The Race to Capitalize on a Virtual Future,"Randy Johnson 21st Century WireDigital technology has increasingly and exponentially become a part of our lives. Virtual worlds and reality, as humanity has known it to be for millennia, appear to be on ever-converging paths.  Will humanity and digital reality be on a path of integration or a collision course?While the direct application of Virtual Reality was difficult to see in everyday life following the 1992 Hollywood film Lawnmower Man, the reality of such technology is now coming into focus.Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality technology (also interchangeably known as either AR/VR or VR/AR) are ideas that have been hammered out in the digital sphere with regards to concepts and applications of use. Along with the steady advancement of digital computing power, an AR/VR future might better be portrayed in certain episodes of Black Mirror, such as Fifteen Million Merits or Playtest. Black Mirror s, Playtest: Season 4, Episode 2. A stare-down between perception and reality (Image Source: Polygon)The possibility and potential of the technology has made it a magnet for investment. There are profits to be made in this growing realm, and the implications of what these emerging technologies could do for (and to) humanity is staggering.So before delving into some current developments in AR/VR technology, let s take a quick look at historically new technologies which are now a part of our real world, everyday, lives: the smartphone and the motor vehicle.The Smartphone StratosphereOn one hand, the smart phone is merely synthetic material with  touch  screens and circuitry. Now in less than two decades, there are those whose daily lives are hindered without one. The attachment is almost as emotional as it is literal in some instances. Many need them to communicate, be entertained, figure out where they are, purchase products, or even socially interact with others or the avatars of others. To many teenagers across the world and Generation Y Millennials, the smartphone has always been there.It can be argued that society as a whole is becoming dependent and addicted to smartphones and other  smart  devices. In fact, with over 2.5 billion smartphone subscriptions world wide in 2016, corporations and marketers are counting on it.Seeing a person interacting with any number of touch-screen devices does not garner much of a second look. Oftentimes, the person without the smart phone is the person who stands out in a crowd, as they are sometimes seen reading one of those archaic things we call a  book.  It is now commonplace that people can interact with thousands of different applications on countless versions of technological devices.Hooked: Not only can we take the physical work out of travel on mass-transit, we can also be oblivious to the journey along the way, as well as the work involved to make it all happen.  (Image Source: ne-asia.com)After a few generations, many technologies simply become integrated  as it were. They become a part of us and our day-to-day lives, and are a part of the real world.For comparative analysis, let s take a look at the evolution of another well-known technology, the motor vehicle From Engines to ElectricIn roughly 100 years, humanity has essentially integrated itself with motorized vehicle technology. The motor vehicle and all the industries that come with it, has shaped the world as we know it.Driving a vehicle, and everything that comes with it such as such as its design, manufacture, delivery, sale, gas and oil production, road ways, traffic laws, law enforcement, theft, accidents, smog, fighting over oil resources, etc., has effected nearly everyone.The sales pitch and appeal of the motor vehicle have always gone together. From its early days, to current-day advertisements, automobiles have been marketed with the promise of freedom on the open road. In fact, the evolution of vehicular technology is a good indicator of how a specific type of technology can transform humanity in a very short amount of time. Technological Bliss: A promise of open roads and freedom (Image Source: NBC.com)The promise of anything good always seems to have a catch. Ease of movement with the automobile is not without its environmental impact. Without the automobile in particular, we would not have terms such as gridlock, traffic jam, or road rage for instance.Progress is not without its side effects.  (Image Source: kerma.wordpress.com)The motor vehicle is a technology and a part of our world to such an extent that where we are dependent on it.The environmental and health concerns of gas and oil extraction and production, as well as geopolitical maneuvering and even warfare based on assumed resource scarcity, the deep infrastructure roots and dependence of commerce is in place. To stop the flow of motor vehicles, would inhibit the freedom of people to travel, commute to work, and utterly stop industry and commerce in its place.Electrically Re-energizing the AutomobileThe current slow-but-eventual transition from gasoline engines to hybrid or fully electric ones is just an evolution of the technology. While electric car technology is believed to have been discovered in the mid-1800 s, it has only recently made inroads to the industry on a potentially large scale with the Roadster by Tesla Motors.The Tesla Model S, has a 2017 manufacturer s suggested retail price (MSRP) of $69,200 dollars, while the most recent (2015)  US Real Median Family Income  was listed as $69,929.With the success of Tesla, the amount of established gas and oil engine automakers is lining up to diversify their portfolio for their consumers, is  who s who  list of the auto-industry. BMW, Chrysler-Fiat, Daimler (Mercedes),  Ford, General Motors, Honda, KIA, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Volkswagen, and Volvo, all have their own hybrid or electric car lines. After decades of profit, these industry giants can t wait to show the consumer that they too are environmentally conscious. Likewise, the consumer appears ready to accept  guilt free  and environmentally responsible driving as the electric car continues to improve, lowers in price, and becomes more widely available.Emerging Patterns: AR/VR technologyWith many integrated technologies in our lives such as smart devices or motor vehicles, if it feels like  we ve seen this pattern before,  it is because we have.First the technology is new. Next commercialism, industry, education systems, entertainment, pop culture, and the government, all conspire to get in on the action; during this time, the race to integrate and capitalize on a technology in the name progress can induce a Gold Rush type of feeding frenzy. Then pre-established corporations are already pre-positioned, with the ready capital, assets, and resources to pounce on  the next big thing.  And finally, over a generation or so of different improvements and variations, it is hard to remember a world without said technology for those who inherit a world with it. Whether real or imagined   it becomes a necessity.The likely integration of Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality (AR/VR) into our daily lives will likely follow the same pattern as other technological advances. Similarly, with regards to forecasting its future integration in our lives, the saying  follow the money  applies.First though, what exactly is AR/VR as it is currently understood to be?Augmented Reality (AR) uses the world around you, but a device introduces virtual items, characters, etc., into the real world that a person interacts with. This is popularly seen with the downloadable application for smart phones, with the game Pok mon GO.Virtual Reality (VR) is the glasses/headset set-up where you are visually, and often audibly, immersed. Put on the glasses/headset, or similar gear such as Oculus Rift, or VIVE and you are in a whole virtual world.Both technologies are primed for upward momentum.Although economic forecasting has not always been an exact science, the monetary forecast for AR/VR technology seems to point upward.Business Wire notes: worldwide revenues for the augmented reality and virtual reality (AR/VR) market to reach $13.9 billion in 2017, an increase of 130.5% over the $6.1 billion spent in 2016.  AR/VR spending is expected to accelerate over the next several years, achieving a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 198.0% over the 2015-2020 forecast period and totaling $143.3 billion in 2020. It is important to note that the above figures are amounts projected to be spent by companies to further advance AR/VR technology. So the expectation for profit is most likely in the trillions.Does this sound far-fetched? For a  real world success story with regards to these emerging technologies in terms of profit, then Pok mon GO has been there, done that, and cashed the checks.By some estimates, Pok mon GO has made Niantic over 900 million dollars in 2016.Using Pok mon GO as a barometer of future profits, the potential is huge. Especially when you consider that in the ever-changing gaming world, many already considered outdated, requiring updates, fixes, and new features by many of it s users.  If Pok mon GO calls it a career or not, the fortune has already been made.Virtual scavenger hunts are fun!That kind of money has already inspired a similar styled  brand-supported  game in its early stages, called Snatch. Besides the puzzle and scavenger hunt aspects of Snatch, players will be immersed into an augmented reality with a commercialized, brand name, token-based, application where you can  snatch  items from other players to win prizes.If you do not fully  get it  perhaps the below video can help explain what it s all about.You heard it hear first; if it hasn t happened already, playing Snatch is likely to start at least one physical, real world, fight over the potential of having a prize  snatched  by a player nearby.Immersion, Entertainment & InvestmentAll of the AR/VR technology is still  finding its sea-legs so to speak and is still in transition with more  immersive  worlds. Along the way, AR/VR has been undergoing a natural progression and fusion with the gaming world. Gaming, and entertainment, appears to be the seductive gateway application for AR/VR technology development and profit potential.As games and game consoles have become more immersive over the years, it appears that AR/VR is expected to advance with it.The addictive element to immersive games is often literal in some cases as seen in the WebMD.com article Video Game Addiction No Fun:  The lure of a fantasy world is especially pertinent to online role-playing games. These are games in which a player assumes the role of a fictional character and interacts with other players in a virtual world   [according to Kimberly Young, PsyD] an intelligent child who is unpopular at school can  become dominant in the game.  The virtual life becomes more appealing than real life. Also, let there be little doubt that any psychological aspect of marketing to churn out profit will be used, as the video-gaming world is a 100 billion dollar industry globally. That s hardly child s play.The greater the entertainment immersion and the technological bliss, the bigger  the hook  to the consuming public will become. So despite a slow-yet-increasing public acclimatization with regards to AR/VR, investments keep pouring in.According to Digi-Capital, the investments for AR/VR start-ups in 2016 came in at a cool $2.3 billion dollars.These numbers for start-ups are in addition to previous acquisitions such as Facebooks  Mark Zuckerberg s now famous $2 billion dollar purchase of Oculus Rift.Investments also include such companies as NextVR that can deliver live events in a VR format.  The investors are a  who s who  of present day media empires in the United States.We see the following from nanalyze.com: Laguna Beach California startup NextVR has taken in $115 million in funding so far from investors that include Time Warner, Comcast, and The Madison Square Garden Company. In addition to these strategic investors, FOX Sports, Live Nation, NBC Sports, HBO/Golden Boy, Turner Sports, and CNN have all partnered with NextVR .The object for up-and-running companies like Next VR, or their investor Live Nation, is to bring entertainment events such as concerts or sporting events to the masses.In addition to the actual gate at a sporting event or concert of say, 50,000 people, you could also charge a virtual gate, if you will, for another million people who were never even there.Another company starting to make some real world profits is Utah s THE VOID.  The company is in continually advancing their Dream Park in Utah.  They have themed virtual reality (or hyper reality as they refer to it) type of  experiences  in New York and Dubai.Below is a trailer for their Ghostbusters hyper-reality experience in New York City.That s right   you too can don a nuclear power pack and save New York from the giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man.To be fair, besides entertainment purposes, there will be benefits of AR/VR technology. Uses for design, training, and experimentation within a multitude of industries, science, and research and development, can all be enabled by VR. Medical students can practice on  fake  patients, soldiers can train in virtual combat with no casualties, researchers can get inside of a molecule, designers or architects can better visualize or display their concepts, and so on.For example, in April 2016, the United Kingdom s Medical Realities used its product The Virtual Surgeon, which is a  learning program   developed for head mounted displays such as the Oculus Rift and Samsung Gear VR . The live-stream was a first of its kind showing a live surgery allowing for a 360 degree view, and was witnessed live in places as far as China and Tunisia according to their site.Virtual Medicine (Image Source: Medical Realities)The other side of the AR/VR coinKeep in mind, however, that there this is likely a trade off for well-intentioned purposes realized by the implementation and advancement of AR/VR. These same advancements in AR/VR will also almost undoubtedly have profit, control, surveillance, and culture-shaping, as drivers for its very implementation and integration to our lives.AR/VR, like art, books, pamphlets, magazines, newspapers, graffiti, radio, television, and the internet, is a medium which can be utilized. With social norms, economies, and forms of government to influence the masses thrown into as variables, the acclimatization to AR/VR by society is likely to be many things to many people.  Even today, we have News and Fake News. President; not my President. Facts and Alternate Facts.  All of these types of psychological shaping of reality could be further jammed into Virtual Reality.Even within education. Subjective topics, or viewpoints on historical events made to be realistic for experiential learning purposes could be abused. No different then a book or website, a VR lesson will have an author, a bias, and will be an area rife with the potential for politicization or propaganda infusion.Like motor vehicles or smart devices above, AR/VR also has society-changing potential. The possibilities for mass-level use, consumption, and integration of virtual technology could very well change our reality; literally and figuratively; shared and personal. The implications go beyond the industry and commercial implications of its use and delve into what makes us human and into what is real.We hear it all the time, but social engineering is what it sounds like.  The direct implication of the phrase is that aspects of society can be engineered and designed towards a desired effect or result.The outcome desired for those at the top of our current power structures and institutions might entail use of technology to socially engineer with a nefarious slant: to conform the masses, infuse propaganda, create thoughtless compliance, and degrade critical thinking in favor of living a blissful other life, elsewhere in another digital reality.As the great celluloid philosopher, Morpheus, from the Hollywood blockbuster The Matrix, once pondered,  What is real?  How do you define  real ?  If you re talking about what you can feel, what you can smell, what you can taste and see  then  real  is simply electrical signals interpreted by your brain. Might the world literally become whatever anyone wants to make of it?Are we choosing for ourselves, or are we all merely like  fish in the ocean  being swept up unawares in a tide of social engineering?A technologically controlled, artificial, designed, and immersive environment could possibly redefine reality, and what it means to be human along with it.READ MORE ABOUT TECHNOLOGY: 21st Century Wire Technology Files ",0
22121,Russia-Gate Was All the Rage Across US Media – Where Did it Go and Why?,"21st Century Wire says Russia-gate was pushed by US media outlets everywhere   only to disappear after the highly questionable chemical attack in the Idlib province of Syria. The fact is, the media drums over the Trump-Russia story soon fell silent after a US military strike was ordered on the Syrian government s Shayrat Air Base and a Massive Ordnance Air Blast Bomb (MOAB) was dropped on Afghanistan.The US media had been floating the  blame Russia  meme for months, and even more conveniently during this past 2016 US presidential election cycle, before morphing into the dodgy dossier that included unverified Trump-Russia claims. Now after two neocon approved US military missile strikes in Syria and Afghanistan, the heavily propagandized and unproven Trump-Russian narrative vanished from headline news as soon as war theater increased in the Middle East.More on the story from Consortium News below Consortium News Exclusive: For five months, there was a daily drumbeat on Russia-gate, the sprawling conspiracy theory that Russia had somehow put Donald Trump in the White House, but suddenly the  scandal  disappeared, notes Robert Parry.By Robert ParryDemocrats, liberals and some progressives might be feeling a little perplexed over what has happened to Russia-gate, the story that pounded Donald Trump every day since his election last November   until April 4, that is.On April 4, Trump fully capitulated to the neoconservative bash-Russia narrative amid dubious claims about a chemical attack in Syria. On April 6, Trump fired off 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airbase; he also restored the neocon demand for  regime change  in Syria; and he alleged that Russia was possibly complicit in the supposed chemical attack.Since Trump took those actions   in accordance with the neocon desires for more  regime change  in the Middle East and a costly New Cold War with Russia   Russia-gate has almost vanished from the news.I did find a little story in the lower right-hand corner of page A12 of Saturday s New York Times about a still-eager Democratic congressman, Mike Quigley of Illinois, who spent a couple of days in Cyprus which attracted his interest because it is a known site for Russian money-laundering, but he seemed to leave more baffled than when he arrived. The more I learn, the more complex, layered and textured I see the Russia issue is   and that reinforces the need for professional full-time investigators,  Quigley said, suggesting that the investigation s failure to strike oil is not that the holes are dry but that he needs better drill bits.Yet, given all the hype and hullabaloo over Russia-gate, the folks who were led to believe that the vague and amorphous allegations were  bigger than Watergate  might now be feeling a little used. It appears they may have been sucked into a conspiracy frenzy in which the Establishment exploited their enthusiasm over the  scandal  in a clever maneuver to bludgeon an out-of-step new President back into line.If that s indeed the case, perhaps the most significant success of the Russia-gate ploy was the ouster of Trump s original National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, who was seen as a key proponent of a New D tente with Russia, and his replacement by General H.R. McMaster, a prot g  of neocon favorite, retired Gen. David Petraeus.Consortium News continues here READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22122,Boiler Room #105 – Quantum Swamp Chess,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with guests for the hundred and fifth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club. Listen to  Boiler Room EP #105   Quantum Swamp Chess  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #105Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22123,"Easily Duped: Trump Surpasses Bush, Falling for ‘Chemical Weapons’ Theatrics","The following segment was recorded on live TV the day before the US launched its Tomahawk missile strike on Shayrat Air Base in Syria. 21st Century Wire Editor Patrick Henningsen explains how Donald Trump, Nikki Haley and Rex Tillerson have just surpassed the Bush administration in their WMD ignorance. Watch:  READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22124,Professor: Political Ignorance is “Going To Have Consequences”,"21st Century Wire says Are we already seeing the results of political ignorance?In the first episode of a new video interview series, Stuart J. Hooper speaks with the University of New Mexico s Professor Mike Rocca.Rocca explains how civic ignorance has become an issue in society, and is asked what it means to have politically ignorant leaders holding seats with political power: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22125,Is Spicer Flap a Cover for Media to Tie Up White House in Global Affairs and Scuttle Trump’s Domestic Agenda?,"By The TRUTH HOUNDIn the words of ABC News  anchor David Muir, President Trump s press secretary, Sean Spicer, set off a searing firestorm  with rather awkward comments during a press conference comparing Syria s leader Bashar al Assad to Adolph Hitler.On Tuesday, April 11, Spicer said that even Hitler didn t stoop to using chemical weapons like Assad allegedly did on April 4. Only two days later, with the facts on the ground still not clear, the U.S. launched a reported 59 cruise missiles at Syria to  punish  Assad s alleged chemical attack. Spicer clarified, however, that he meant that the sarin gas attributed to Assad didn t exist in Hitler s day, and that Assad used sarin gas in a weaponized-projectile form against his own people, or so it seems.Spicer then apologized, admitting that his Assad-Hitler comparison was an awkward mistake. Yet ABC News wouldn t let it go, saying over and over again that Spicer s  highly insensitive  comments on Syria trivialized Nazi Germany s gas chambers in WWII. So, the  firestorm  of controversy, while some Jewish figures complained about Spicer s remarks, came from ABC s own hype, blowing Spicer s brief comment totally out of proportion. Complaints are not necessarily a  firestorm,  which is a very loaded word.And like usual, big media like ABC, which heatedly equated Spicer s clunky comments with an alleged outright  denial  of the Jewish Holocaust in the second World War, can t seem to find the real story.THE REAL ISSUES AT HANDMainly, there s still no solid proof that Syria s leader used chemical weapons against his own people. Therefore, it was completely unnecessary for Spicer to compare Assad with Hitler in the first place, because the jury is still out on Assad.When Congressman Thomas Massie of Kentucky (R) tried to explain to CNN that Syrian forces may have mistakenly hit a terrorist-controlled ammo dump that could have contained some kind of gas shells, CNN acted like Massie was a loon . . .Continue this article at The Truth HoundREAD MORE NWO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NWO FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22126,Trump’s ‘Wag the Dog’ Moment,"21st Century Wire says Robert Parry, best known for breaking the Iran-Contra affair, takes us through what we know so far surrounding Donald Trump s recent decision to send Tomahawk missiles into Syria and also explores what lies behind the  plans within plans  of the White House and those who now celebrate yet seemingly manipulate Trump behind the curtain.Patrick Henningsen of 21st Century Wire was joined by Robert on 1100KFNX  Patrick Henningsen LIVE  and is an interview you don t want to miss.More on this report from Consortium News  Robert Parry Consortium NewsJust two days after news broke of an alleged poison-gas attack in northern Syria, President Trump brushed aside advice from some U.S. intelligence analysts doubting the Syrian regime s guilt and launched a lethal retaliatory missile strike against a Syrian airfield.Trump immediately won plaudits from Official Washington, especially from neoconservatives who have been trying to wrestle control of his foreign policy away from his nationalist and personal advisers since the days after his surprise victory on Nov. 8.There is also an internal dispute over the intelligence. On Thursday night, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the U.S. intelligence community assessed with a  high degree of confidence  that the Syrian government had dropped a poison gas bomb on civilians in Idlib provinceBut a number of intelligence sources have made contradictory assessments, saying the preponderance of evidence suggests that Al Qaeda-affiliated rebels were at fault, either by orchestrating an intentional release of a chemical agent as a provocation or by possessing containers of poison gas that ruptured during a conventional bombing raid.One intelligence source told me that the most likely scenario was a staged event by the rebels intended to force Trump to reverse a policy, announced only days earlier, that the U.S. government would no longer seek  regime change  in Syria and would focus on attacking the common enemy, Islamic terror groups that represent the core of the rebel forces.The source said the Trump national security team split between the President s close personal advisers, such as nationalist firebrand Steve Bannon and son-in-law Jared Kushner, on one side and old-line neocons who have regrouped under National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, an Army general who was a prot g  of neocon favorite Gen. David Petraeus.White House InfightingIn this telling, the earlier ouster of retired Gen. Michael Flynn as national security adviser and this week s removal of Bannon from the National Security Council were key steps in the reassertion of neocon influence inside the Trump presidency. The strange personalities and ideological extremism of Flynn and Bannon made their ousters easier, but they were obstacles that the neocons wanted removed.Though Bannon and Kushner are often presented as rivals, the source said, they shared the belief that Trump should tell the truth about Syria, revealing the Obama administration s CIA analysis that a fatal sarin gas attack in 2013 was a  false-flag  operation intended to sucker President Obama into fully joining the Syrian war on the side of the rebels   and the intelligence analysts  similar beliefs about Tuesday s incident.Instead, Trump went along with the idea of embracing the initial rush to judgment blaming Assad for the Idlib poison-gas event. The source added that Trump saw Thursday night s missile assault as a way to change the conversation in Washington, where his administration has been under fierce attack from Democrats claiming that his election resulted from a Russian covert operation.If changing the narrative was Trump s goal, it achieved some initial success with several of Trump s fiercest neocon critics, such as neocon Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham, praising the missile strike, as did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. The neocons and Israel have long sought  regime change  in Damascus even if the ouster of Assad might lead to a victory by Islamic extremists associated with Al Qaeda and/or the Islamic State.Wagging the DogTrump employing a  wag the dog  strategy, in which he highlights his leadership on an international crisis to divert attention from domestic political problems, is reminiscent of President Bill Clinton s threats to attack Serbia in early 1999 as his impeachment trial was underway over his sexual relationship with intern Monica Lewinsky. (Clinton also was accused of a  wag-the-dog  strategy when he fired missiles at supposed Al Qaeda bases in Afghanistan and Sudan in 1998 in retaliation for the bombing of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.)Trump s advisers, in briefing the press on Thursday night, went to great lengths to highlight Trump s compassion toward the victims of the poison gas and his decisiveness in bombing Assad s military in contrast to Obama s willingness to allow the intelligence community to conduct a serious review of the evidence surrounding the 2013 sarin-gas caseUltimately, Obama listened to his intelligence advisers who told him there was no  slam-dunk  evidence implicating Assad s regime and he pulled back from a military strike at the last minute   while publicly maintaining the fiction that the U.S. government was certain of Assad s guilt.In both cases   2013 and 2017   there were strong reasons to doubt Assad s responsibility. In 2013, he had just invited United Nations inspectors into Syria to investigate cases of alleged rebel use of chemical weapons and thus it made no sense that he would launch a sarin attack in the Damascus suburbs, guaranteeing that the U.N. inspectors would be diverted to that case.Similarly, now, Assad s military has gained a decisive advantage over the rebels and he had just scored a major diplomatic victory with the Trump administration s announcement that the U.S. was no longer seeking  regime change  in Syria. The savvy Assad would know that a chemical weapon attack now would likely result in U.S. retaliation and jeopardize the gains that his military has achieved with Russian and Iranian help.The counter-argument to this logic   made by The New York Times and other neocon-oriented news outlets   essentially maintains that Assad is a crazed barbarian who was testing out his newfound position of strength by baiting President Trump. Of course, if that were the case, it would have made sense that Assad would have boasted of his act, rather than deny it.But logic and respect for facts no longer prevail inside Official Washington, nor inside the mainstream U.S. news media Continue this report at Consortium News READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT:  21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22127,Tulsi Gabbard Triggers The War Hawks With Her Based Skepticism,"21st Century Wire says Congresswoman and Iraq War veteran Tulsi Gabbard continues to face down the mainstream propaganda machine with her based and skeptical opinion surrounding the war on Syria, including the recent attacks on Shayrat air base by the United States as a reprisal for the alleged  chemical attack  on Idlib by Damascus.It s not surprising within the American political party system that if you don t agree with  the gang , they come for your blood, and this is exactly what s happening to Gabbard. Her previous fact finding visit to Syria in 2016 had already began to turn heads, but now after the CNN interview with Wolf Blitzer, who happens to all of a sudden  like  Donald Trump, the Democrats are circling Tulsi Gabbard in increasing droves.More on this report from The Duran  Alex Christoforou The DuranNo room for free speech. No dissent. No skepticism. Neocons, Democrats, liberal leftists all united to remove Assad, prop up ISIS and begin WW3.The warmonger knives are coming out for Gabbard in what is looking like Iraq WMDs all over again.Gabbard spoke with CNN s Wolf Blitzer who all of a sudden finds Trump very presidential and capable.Rep. Gabbard:  Yes, I m skeptical  of claim Assad regime is behind chemical weapons attack https://t.co/fETssThsLF https://t.co/fpYdUNR2t4  CNN (@CNN) April 7, 2017Rep. Gabbard:  Yes, I m skeptical  of claim Assad regime is behind chemical weapons attack https://t.co/fETssThsLF https://t.co/fpYdUNR2t4  CNN (@CNN) April 7, 2017Zerohedge reports Gabbard, who sits on the Armed Services and Foreign Affairs committees, drew criticism earlier this year when she took a somewhat mysterious trip alone to meet with Assad in Syria without alerting House Speaker Paul Ryan. The liberal Democrat subsequently explained she simply wanted to engage in dialogue with Assad though it clearly burned some bridges within her own party. Per CNN:Gabbard told CNN on Friday that she wants to achieve peace in Syria,  Why should we just blindly follow this escalation of a counterproductive regime-change war? There s responsibility that goes around,  Gabbard said. Standing here pointing fingers does not accomplish peace for the Syrian people. It will not bring about an end to this war. People of Hawaii's 2nd district   was it not enough for you that your rep met with a murderous dictator? Will this move you?1 https://t.co/jbwGuZIJ6R  Neera Tanden (@neeratanden) April 7, 2017Zerohedge further adds that  former DNC chair Howard Dean also decided to join in on ganging up on Gabbard, but he immediately got shut down by a follower who asked the obvious question of why engaging in dialogue was disqualifying for Gabbard but violating federal record retention laws and a Congressional subpoena was perfectly fine for Hillary.It s becoming increasingly clear that Gabbard is just another Putin puppet who likely assisted Russian hackers in their efforts to take down Hillary we sincerely hope the Congress launches an immediate investigation  Continue this report at The DuranREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT:  21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22128,"SAN BERNARDINO: Two Adults Dead, Two Injured In School Murder-Suicide","21st Century Wire says Four people, including a teacher and two students, have been shot at an elementary school in San Bernardino, California. The incident is believed to have been a murder-suicide, according to police. The shooting stemmed from a domestic violence situation.The shooting occurred in a classroom at North Park School. Along with the three victims, the suspect is believed to be down as well, according to San Bernardino Police Chief Jarrod Burguan.We believe this to be a murder suicide. Happened in a class room. Two students have been transported to the hospital.  Chief Jarrod Burguan (@SBPDChief) April 10, 2017Two adults are deceased in a classroom, believed to be a murder suicide. We believe the suspect is down and there's no further threat.  Chief Jarrod Burguan (@SBPDChief) April 10, 2017Two adults  a man and a woman   are dead in the classroom, and police  believe the suspect is down and there s no further threat,  Burguan said.The gunman checked in with the front office, where he was known to school staff, San Bernardino Police Captain Ron Maass said.The two students were transported to the hospital, one via helicopter and the other in an ambulance, a police spokesman told reporters. They are in critical condition. The children we do not believe were targeted,  the spokesman said.The fire department has set up a triage to assess and treat victims at the scene. Law enforcement was on the scene within seven minutes of the shooting.The San Bernardino County Sheriff s Department is assisting in the investigation. The school will be closed for  at least  the next two days, police said.North Park, Cajon and Hillside Elementary Schools are on lockdown, while the San Bernardino campus of California State University is under a shelter-in-place order.Students were evacuated to Cal State San Bernardino, while parents were told to pick them up at Cajon High School. They must be listed on the students  emergency contact forms and show photo ID.This is the second mass shooting in the southern California city in since December 2015. In that incident, which was later categorized as an act of terrorism, a married couple opened fire on a holiday party for the husband s work, killing 14 and injuring 21.Initially had a replay of the deeply disturbing feeling of terror and dread felt on Dec2nd 15 when I turned scanner on today. #PTSDAwareness https://t.co/ee0XzukcXb  Darren Espiritu (@SBDarren) April 10, 2017 Tragedy has struck us again, and we need to now work through that and be there for all of the involved parties,  the San Bernardino PD said.San Bernardino experienced a surge in violence in 2016, including a 41 percent increase in homicides over the previous year. The 62 slayings made 2016 the city s deadliest year since 1995, the Los Angeles Times reported Continue this report at RT READ MORE US NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire US FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22129,Rex Tillerson and Nikki Haley – Who Can ‘Flip Flop’ The Most,"21st Century Wire says US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson tells us that the war on Syria can only be solved through a  political process . Wait, didn t Nikki Haley just say  getting Assad out is not the only priority, we don t see a peaceful Syria with Assad in there .  Our strategy in Syria, our priority is first to defeat ISIS , says Tillerson. Again Haley outlines  multiple priorities  and  there s not any sort of option where a political solution is going to happen with Assad at the head of the regime . Deliberate  flip flopping  on policy or problematic internal communication at the White House, which in the last 24 hours has seen a  scramble  to re-soften its approach via Rex Tillerson on Syria.More on this report from RT  RTUS Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the Syrian crisis can only be solved through a political process, claiming it s not regime change but the defeat of the Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) terrorist group that Washington is seeking in Syria. Our strategy in Syria, our priority is first to defeat ISIS,  the US official said in an interview with ABC s  This Week  host, George Stephanopoulos, which was aired Sunday.Saying that once the battle with the terrorist group is concluded, which according to the US official is  going quite well,  Washington plans to turn its attention  to achieving ceasefire agreements between the regime and opposition forces. Bringing the parties to the table for political discussions  clearly requires the participation of the regime and the support of their allies,  Tillerson said in another Sunday interview to the American media, speaking to John Dickerson on CBS s  Face the Nation. Once a ceasefire becomes a reality in Syria,  we will have the conditions to begin a useful political process,  he said. It is through that political process that we believe the Syrian people will ultimately be able to decide the fate of Bashar Assad,  he told ABC.Tillerson reiterated the same on CBS, saying that Washington hoped to work with its coalition members and with the UN,  in particular through the Geneva process,  to be able to  navigate a political outcome in which the Syrian people will in fact determine Bashar Assad s fate and his legitimacy. The US Secretary of State underlined the Russian role in the process, saying that the US hoped it could work together with Russia  and use their influence,  and that Moscow  will choose to play a constructive role in supporting ceasefire through their own Astana talks, but also through Geneva. READ MORE: Russian FM & US Secretary of State discuss US strike on Syria in phone call I m hopeful we can have Russia be supportive of a process that will lead to a stable Syria. Clearly they are Bashar Assad s current ally, they should have the greatest influence on Bashar Assad,  he told Stephanopoulos, but he warned that Russia should be  thinking carefully about its continued alliance with Bashar Assad. Inaccurate and inconclusive : Lavrov slams US accusations of Assad regime using chemical weapons in Idlib https://t.co/TU2XP6YAeB pic.twitter.com/iwy1vXa4Rx  RT (@RT_com) April 8, 2017  Every time one of these horrific attacks occurs, it draws Russia closer into some level of responsibility,  he said in an apparent reference to a recent alleged chemical attack in Syria s Idlib province. Washington blamed the Syrian government for the incident, while Moscow has said there has been no evidence presented to support such claims. LEARNING LIBYA LESSON Speaking of the US missile strike on a Syrian airbase, ordered by President Donald Trump  in response  to the alleged use of chemical weapons, Tillerson told CBS that  clearly the message is that the violation of international norms, the continuing ignoring of UN resolutions and the continuing violation of agreements  will no longer be tolerated. The airstrike is only related to the alleged chemical attack, the US official claimed, adding that Washington has learned its lesson of  what it looks like when you undertake a violent regime change,  referring to Libya. Obviously the United States  own founding principle is self-determination, and what the US and our allies want to do is to enable the Syrian people to make that determination  We ve seen what violent regime change looks like in Libya and the kind of chaos that can be unleashed and indeed the kind of misery that it enacts on its own people,  he said on CBS. I think we have to learn the lessons of the past,  he emphasized on ABC, adding,  Any time you go on and have a violent change at the top, it is very difficult to create the conditions for stability [in the] longer term... Continue this report at RTREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22130,NSA – ‘Top Secret’ Arsenal Released In Protest Of ‘Trump Betrayal’,"21st Century Wire says Out of all the intelligence agencies in the United States, we ve come across stories where not everyone is on the  same page . Indeed we ve also heard about factions embroiled in competition, and rivalry. Moral compass, personal principles, and ethics being challenged which lead to inner conflict; just some of the reasons that gave us former NSA whistleblower William Binney and more recently in the last few years, Edward Snowden.You might not have heard of them, but  The Shadow Brokers  came on the scene last year. A previously unknown collective, the Brokers hacked and released legitimate hacking tools from the NSA s own special-ops entity, the  Equation Group . The initial speculation, the Russians, of course. Everything is Russia by proxy these days. The Shadow Brokers released a certain amount of the  Equation Group  hacking tools asking for one million bitcoins, roughly $568 million at the time.The Shadow Brokers are back and since their initial hack it is assumed that this could be the work of a disgruntled  in house  employee. Furthermore they re not happy at all with President Donald J. Trump for numerous reasons, including his recent decision to launch 59 Tomahawk missiles into Syria.More on this report from Zerohedge  Tyler Durden ZeroHedgeLast August, the intel world was abuzz following the news that a previously unknown hacker collective,  The Shadow Brokers  had hacked and released legitimate hacking tools from the NSA s own special-ops entity, the  Equation Group , with initial speculation emerging that the Russians may have penetrated the US spy agency as suggested by none other than Edward Snowden. The Shadow Brokers released a bunch of the organization s hacking tools, and were asking for 1 million bitcoin (around $568 million at the time) to release more files, however failed to find a buyer. Attention then shifted from Russians after some speculated that the agency itself may be housing another  mole  insider. At the time, a former NSA source told Motherboard, that  it s plausible  that the leakers are actually a disgruntled insider, claiming that it s easier to walk out of the NSA with a USB drive or a CD than hack its servers.  As famed NSA whistleblower William Binney   who exposed the NSA s pervasive surveillance of Americans long before Snowden confirmed it   said,  My colleagues and I are fairly certain that this was no hack, or group for that matter, This  Shadow Brokers  character is one guy, an insider employee. In a subsequent Reuters op-ed by cybersecurity expert James Bamford, author of The Shadow Factory: The Ultra-Secret NSA From 9/11 to the Eavesdropping on America, and columnist for Foreign Policy magazine, he said that seemed as the most probable explanation, and that Russia had nothing to do with this latest   and most provocative yet   hack.Since then, the Shadow Broker group, whose origin and identity still remains a mystery, disappeared from the radar only to emerge today, when in an article posted on Medium, the group wrote an op-ed, much of it in broken English, in which it slammed Donald Trump s betrayal of his core  base , and the recent attack on Syria, urging Trump to revert to his original promises and not be swept away by globalist and MIC interests, but far more imporantly, released the password which grants access to what Edward Snowden moments ago called the NSA s  Top Secret arsenal of digital weapons. The article begins with the group explaining why it is displeased with Trump.DON T FORGET YOUR BASEDear President Trump,Respectfully, what the fuck are you doing? TheShadowBrokers voted for you. TheShadowBrokers supports you. TheShadowBrokers is losing faith in you. Mr. Trump helping theshadowbrokers, helping you. Is appearing you are abandoning  your base ,  the movement , and the peoples who getting you elected.Good Evidence:#1 Goldman Sach (TheGlobalists) and Military Industrial Intelligence Complex (MIIC) cabinet #2 Backtracked on Obamacare #3 Attacked the Freedom Causcus (TheMovement) #4 Removed Bannon from the NSC #5 Increased U.S. involvement in a foreign war (Syria Strike)The peoples whose voted for you, voted against the Republican Party, the party that tried to destroying your character in the primaries. The peoples who voted for you, voted against the Democrat Party, the party that hates, mocks, and laughs at you. Without the support of the peoples who voted for you, what do you think will be happening to your Presidency? Without the support of the people who voted for you, do you think you ll be still making America great again? Do you be remembering when you were sitting there at the Obama Press Party and they were all laughing at you? Do you be remembering when you touring the country and all those peoples believed in you and supported you? You were those peoples hope. How do you be thinking it will be feeling when those people turn on you? Will they be laughing at you, hating you, and mocking you too?TheShadowBrokers doesn t want this to be happening to you, Mr. Trump. TheShadowBrokers is wanting to see you succeed.The hackers then ask Trump whose war is he fighting:If you made deal(s) be telling the peoples about them, peoples is appreciating transparency. But what kind of deal can be resulting in chemical weapons used in Syria, Mr. Bannon s removal from the NSC, US military strike on Syria, and successful vote for SCOTUS without change rules? Mr. Trump whose war are you fighting? Israeli Nationalists  (Zionist) and Goldman Sachs  war? Chinese Globalists  and Goldman Sachs war? Is not looking like you fighting the domestic wars, the movement elected you to be fighting. You not being in office three months and already you looking like the MIIC s bitch with John McCain and Chuck Schumer double dutch ruddering each other in the corner over dead corpses.The post continues by exposing what the ShadowBrokers believe is the general mindset of Trump s support base;Your Supporters:  Don t care what is written in the NYT, Washington Post, or any newspaper, so just ignore it.   Don t care if you swapped wives with Mr Putin, double down on it,  Putin is not just my firend he is my BFF .   Don t care if the election was hacked or rigged, celebrate it  so what if I did, what are you going to do about it .   Don t care if your popular or nice, get er done, Obama s fail, thinking he could create compromise. No compromise.   Don t want foreign wars, Do want domestic wars,  drain the swamp ,  destroy the nanny state    Don t care about your faith, you sound like a smuck when you try to say god things   DO support the ideologies and policies of Steve Bannon, Anti-Globalism, Anti-Socialism, Nationalism, IsolationismIn the article, the ShadowBrokers also touch upon what until recently was the primary topic of the daily news cycle, namely the whether Russia is behind this (and any other black hat intel hacking operation):For peoples still being confused about TheShadowBrokers and Russia. If theshadowbrokers being Russian don t you think we d be in all those U.S. government reports on Russian hacking? TheShadowBrokers isn t not fans of Russia or Putin but  The enemy of my enemy is my friend.  We recognize Americans  having more in common with Russians than Chinese or Globalist or Socialist. Russia and Putin are nationalist and enemies of the Globalist, examples: NATO encroachment and Ukraine conflict. Therefore Russia and Putin are being best allies until the common enemies are defeated and America is great again.The report than goes on to suggest that the hacking group is in fact comprised mostly of former US spies:  President Trump, theshadowbrokers is offering our services to you and your administration. Did you know most of theshadowbrokers  members have taken the oath  to protect and defend the constitution of the United States against all enemies foreign and domestic . Yes sir! Most of us used to be TheDeepState everyone is talking about Continue this report at ZeroHedgeREAD MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SCI-TECH FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22131,SYRIA: Nikki Haley Threatens to “Do More” Despite International Outrage at US Criminal Act of Aggression,"Bill AukenThe day after US warships rained some 60 Tomahawk missiles on a Syrian government airbase, US officials made it clear that this unilateral and criminal attack against an oppressed former colonial country is merely the first shot in what is to be an escalating and widening campaign of American military aggression.The governor of Syria s central Homs province reported Friday that the missiles killed at least 15 people, including nine civilians. Four of the dead were children. Many more civilians were injured by two of the missiles, which struck nearby villages. Six of the dead were Syrian personnel at the al-Shairat airbase.The missile strike was the first time that Washington has carried out a direct military attack against Syrian government forces since the US and its regional allies orchestrated a war for regime change utilizing Al Qaeda-linked Islamist  rebels  as its proxy ground troops. The attack on the airbase is a direct intervention in that war on the side of the Al Qaeda elements.Russian Prime Minister Medvedev warned on Friday that the immensely reckless action had brought Washington to  the verge of a military clash  with nuclear-armed Russia, which had an air unit at the base struck by American missiles.Washington seized on an alleged incident Tuesday involving chemical weapons in the village of Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province as the pretext for Thursday night s attack. Syria has denied any use of such weapons, and Washington and its allies have presented no evidence to support their allegations in relation to the incident, which has all the earmarks of a provocation staged by the CIA and its Islamist proxies.The Russian government and others have pointed out the obvious fact that the elaborate attack carried out Thursday night from two US destroyers in the eastern Mediterranean had to have been planned well before the alleged incident even happened. The event was staged, with Al Qaeda-linked and US-funded  media activists  conveniently on hand to film it, in order to provide Washington with the propaganda pretext it required for its aggression.In a heated exchange in the United Nations Security Council Friday, US Ambassador Nikki Haley brushed aside denunciations by other diplomats that the unilateral US action was a gross violation of the UN Charter and international law, instead provocatively insisting that US imperialism is prepared to the do the same thing again and far more. The United States took a very measured step last night,  Haley said.  We are prepared to do more, but we hope that will not be necessary. Knowing full well that the US attack was imminent, Haley, who is acting as the council s rotating president for the month of April, postponed a vote on a compromise resolution calling for an objective investigation into the alleged chemical attack that was being drafted Thursday by the 10 nonpermanent members of the Security Council.Washington has no interest in such a probe, which would almost certainly reveal that the source of any chemical weapons incident was not the government of President Bashar al-Assad, but rather the Al Qaeda elements that control that area of Idlib Province. There is also no doubt that the US strike provides the Islamist elements in Syria with every motivation for staging more chemical weapons incidents to provide the pretext for a spiraling escalation of US military aggression.The UN Security Council session was convened at the request of Bolivia, Russia and Syria. Bolivian Ambassador Sacha Llorenti began the debate with a blistering denunciation of the US attack, declaring that the US officials  believe that they are investigators, they are attorneys, judges and they are the executioners. He called the US strike  an extremely serious violation of international law,  while stressing that this was  not the first time.  Llorenti held up a picture of then Secretary of State Colin Powell delivering his February 5, 2003 speech to the same UN council insisting that Washington had irrefutable proof of nonexistent  weapons of mass destruction,  the notorious pretext for the US invasion barely a month later.This war based upon lies, the Bolivian envoy added, resulted in  a million deaths  and  a series of atrocities  throughout the Middle East.Llorenti denounced Washington for its  double standard,  invoking  human rights,   democracy  and  multilateralism  only when it serves its own strategic interests. He recalled the series of military coups orchestrated by the CIA in Latin America and the Pentagon s training of Latin American security forces in the art of torture.Russia s deputy permanent representative to the United Nations, Vladimir Safronkov, similarly condemned the US bombardment as a  flagrant violation of international law,  warning that the  consequences for regional and international stability can be extremely serious. Safronkov charged that Washington had acted deliberately to derail any  independent and unbiased investigation  into the alleged April 4 incident in of Khan Sheikhoun.  You were afraid of it,  he said,  as its results might wreck your anti-regime paradigm. The Russian ambassador ridiculed the performance given earlier by US Ambassador Haley in which she held up the photographs of two Syrian children and demanded,  How many more children have to die before Russia cares? I will not stage a cynical show and hold up photographs,  he said, but asked why there was no such concern for the children of Mosul, where a single US bombing raid killed over 300 civilians, most of them women and children, last month. Thousands more have been killed and injured in US airstrikes carried out in both Iraq and Syria.Continue reading at WSWSREAD MORE WHITE HELMET NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire White Helmet FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22132,Syria Strikes: This is NOT The Donald Trump We Wanted,"21st Century Wire says Not at all.Yesterday s Syria strikes have created quite a rift in President Trump s support base, with many seeing him as no longer any better than those presidents that have come before him.In the following video, Stuart J. Hooper breaks down why this is not the Donald Trump we wanted, how he has gone against everything he said he would do, and examines the dangerous crowd who is supporting this move: READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22133,ENGDAHL: ‘Trump is a Puppet of the Deep State’,"Little did we know at the time of this recording just how accurate our guest s comments would become.In last week s Episode #179 of the SUNDAY WIRE, host Patrick Henningsen speaks to author and global affairs analyst, F. William Engdahl, to discuss his recent article about the new US-Israeli oil wars in the Golan Heights in Syria and how this is connected to the West s hidden agenda to create  Safe Zones  in Syria.In prophetic fashion, Engdahl then goes on to describe Donald Trump as a tool of establishment, placed into the US presidency by America s Deep State   in order to fast-track a destructive geopolitical agenda.NOTE: This interview was recorded 5 days before the US missile strikes on Syria SUPPORT OUR WORK  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22134,Episode #6 – DRIVE BY WIRE: ‘Syria WMD Redux?’ (Part 1),"MEMBERS can join co-hosts Patrick Henningsen and Shawn Helton for the full version of this episode of DRIVE BY WIRE  at 21WIRE.TV EPISODE #6  Here is Part 1 of this special emergency installment of DRIVE BY WIRE with Patrick Henningsen and Shawn Helton. This is an urgent discussion on this week s alleged  chemical weapons  attack in Idlib, Syria   which the US and Donald Trump have automatically blamed on the Syrian government and  Bashar al Assad.  Is this a dangerous precedent?NOTE: This segment was filmed the day before Trump launched a missile strike against Syria . SUPPORT OUR WORK  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22135,"Without Evidence, Trump Launches 59 Cruise Missiles, Destroying Syrian Air Force Base"," Last night President Donald Trump caved into the Pentagon, the political left, the Neoconservative pro-war lobby and mainstream media pressure to act after the release of YouTube videos produced by the US and UK-funded NGO the White Helmets   of an alleged  chemical weapons  attack by the Syrian Airforce in the al Qaeda stronghold of Idlib in Syria. Following the US missile strike, Al Qaeda leaders in Syria have hailed the move by Trump, expressing their gratitude for the US President s knee-jerk military action.Al Qaeda and ISIS supporters Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey have also expressed thanks to Trump for helping to degrade the Syrian military who have been fighting and winning against al Qaeda in Syria, ISIS and a host of other Gulf-sponsored terrorist groups operating in Syria.Salafist Jihadist group Ahrar al-Sham welcoming the strikes. Thanks America. pic.twitter.com/4PQzv1PVjw  Ali (@Ali_Kourani) April 7, 2017Trump s strike on Syria also helped ISIS who have been losing to the Syrian Army recently in the area of Homs and Palmyra.The Guardian confirms: Tonight I ordered a targeted military strike on the airfield in Syria from where the chemical attack was launched.It is in this vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons.There can be no dispute that Syria used banned chemical weapons, violated its obligations under the chemical weapons convention, and ignored the urging of the UN security council.Years of previous attempts at changing Assad s behaviour have all failed and failed very dramatically. There was an angry response in Russia, where the Kremlin warned that the strikes would cause  significant damage to US-Russia ties .NOTE: Tillerson has now gone so far as to blame Russia for  allowing  Syria to mount this attack They would act as the guarantor that these weapons would no longer be present in Syria. Clearly Russia has failed in its responsibility to deliver on that commitment from 2013. Either Russia has been complicit or Russia has been simply incompetent in its ability to deliver on its end of that agreement. SEE ALSO: Reviving the  Chemical Weapons  Lie: New US-UK Calls for Regime Change, Military Attack Against SyriaDespite the fact that no evidence, other than YouTube videos, that the Syrian government launched a chemical airstrikes in Idlib, the US government and the mainstream media are ignoring multiple evidential reports of  Rebels  (terrorists) holding and using chemical weapons in Syria.What was these Saudi dangerous chemicals doing in Qaeda depos in E Aleppo last year?! Let's ask CNN or BBC!! pic.twitter.com/g6WTWTgpl4  Fares Shehabi (@ShehabiFares) April 6, 2017Three years ago the same chemical rebels bombed the Akrama school in Homs! 45 kids were killed. No Nato barking at the UN! Hypocrisy! pic.twitter.com/UXZHbReoTc  Fares Shehabi (@ShehabiFares) April 5, 2017STAY TUNED FOR UPDATESREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22136,Boiler Room #104 – War Sells… But Who’s Buying,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Patrick Henningsen of 21WIRE, Infidel Pharaoh (ACR contributor) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and fourth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club. We re breaking down the developments in Syria and the Trump approval of military strikes in Syria.Listen to  Boiler Room EP #104   War Sells  But Who s Buying  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #104Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22137,MEMBERS: EP #5 – DRIVE BY WIRE: ‘Taxi to the UN’ with Patrick and Matt Lee," MEMBERS can join host Patrick Henningsen and guest Matt Lee from Inner City Press for an unusual evening commute, another  DRIVE BY WIRE , shown in full here at 21WIRE.TV .EPISODE #5   This special episode of DRIVE BY WIRE takes place in a unique location   in the back of a New York City Yellow Cab, with 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen and special guest from The United Nation press corp, independent correspondent Matt Lee from Inner City Press, who shares some behind the scenes stories from the UN, tales of institutional corruption and diplomatic avarice   all hidden in plain sight WATCH THIS EPISODE HERESUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22138,Rappoport: ‘CNN Already Deflecting From the Susan Rice Scandal’,"By Jon RappoportCNN is already claiming the whole Susan Rice scandal is a tempest in a teapot, and the Trump team is exaggerating it to distract the public from  something. Fill in the blank yourself.For example: Trump isn t actually the president, he cheated his way into the Oval Office, while acting as a secret agent for his handler, Vladimir Putin, who in turn was operating on behalf of aliens from Jupiter.The Susan Rice scandal is out in the open. She, Obama s national security advisor, led an effort to spy on legal phone calls the Trump team was making during the presidential campaign, in order to gain  intelligence on the enemy. The Daily Caller News Foundation (DCNF) spoke with  Col. (Ret.) James Waurishuk, an NSC [National Security Council] veteran and former deputy director for intelligence at the U.S. Central Command.  Waurishuk said:   many hands had to be involved throughout the Obama administration to launch such a political spying program  It s unbelievable of [sic] the level and degree of the [Obama] administration to look for information on Donald Trump and his associates, his campaign team and his transition team. This is really, really serious stuff . Michael Doran, former NSC [National Security Council] senior director, told The DCNF Monday that  somebody blew a hole in the wall between national security secrets and partisan politics . This  was a stream of information that was supposed to be hermetically sealed from politics and the Obama administration found a way to blow a hole in that wall , he said. Yes, serious stuff. A felony, punishable by up to 10 years in prison.Obama, of course, will have plausible deniability if the Susan Rice scandal blows up into a Watergate. He didn t know. He didn t order the spying. He was playing golf that day. Or any day.And if a Congressional investigation of Rice and her antics reaches a fever pitch, somebody can play the race card. That s always an option. If Rice were white, this never would have happened to her. The Trump people are all over her like white on Rice. Meanwhile, CNN, in alternating segments, can say a) Rice and her people never spied on anybody, and b) everybody spies on everybody all the time, it s not a big deal and then some on-air goofball will add,  In fact, we here at CNN are spying  And the TV screen will go blank, then display colored stripes, then come back and the goofball will be gone, and an anchor will say,  We had a technical problem for a moment. Continue this article at John Rappoport s websiteREAD MORE RUSSIAN HACK NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russian Hack Files",0
22139,The U.S. Has No Legal Standing in Its Involvement in the War on Yemen," Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireYemen is proving what should be clear by now: President Trump may never make good on his bold campaign promise of less senseless wars overseas. Watch as Trump defers to the Generals to double-down on a bad Obama bet.This week, we learned that the US Department of Defense, led by General James Mattis, would like to increase its support for Saudi Arabia and its Gulf accomplices, in their effort to continue to further destabilize and bomb Yemen, followed by the installation by force of a US and Saudi-friendly regime in that country.Following over 2 years of hostilities against Yemen, Mattis has also decided to ask Congress for help in drafting some sort of authorization to give the US some legal standing in its continual involvement with this war. Mattis is erroneously bundling the issue of Yemen into both Syria and Iraq, claiming that this is somehow part of the  the fight against ISIS .What is it about Yemen that makes it such a gaping blind spot for members of the US government, its diplomatic corps and the US mainstream media?Fact: On its face, the joint Saudi-US War on Yemen is illegal under both US and International Law (see US legal analysis below).With that in mind, shouldn t every person in the US, from the Obama Administration forward and including the Department of Defense, the Pentagon, the CIA and so on, who has been involved in prosecuting this illegal, undeclared war of aggression   be indicted and charged with high crimes?Is the United States not a nation of laws, as so many politicians and pundits proudly proclaim to their public over the airwaves each and every day? Are we really a nation of laws?Or is Washington DC merely a nation of self-inflated, self-reverential hypocrites? In a nutshell the Saudis, Emiratis and the USA are inflicting a war of genocide against the Houthis,   (University of Illinois Professor of International Law, Francis Boyle)So what is the Trump Administration s solution to this collapsing situation? Of course, more sanctions. Because this war was initiated under President Obama, left-leaning and liberal media outlets and Democratic Party operators were bound to an unofficial regime of silence on the issue  of Yemen   hence, almost zero media coverage or commentary throughout 2015-2016. It was sufficient to focus only on Syria, and even then to streamline all mainstream media talking points with foreign policy directives from US State Department. With Syria, just look at the media coverage over the last 6 years and overlay it with the US State Department and British Foreign Office narratives. Totally seamless.For the US political right-wing and the Pentagon-oriented news outlets like CNN, the War on Yemen was simply reduced down to a binary argument, blaming the entire affair on Iran, claiming that the  Iranian-backed Houthis  were the primary antagonists. By framing it in the Iran-centric geopolitical context   and not the true context of US-Saudi aggression and a battle to control some of the regions most lucrative untapped oil and gas reserves   it served to somehow justify the organized, international crime which has been taking place. CNN s Wolf Blitzer was always careful to inject the correct qualifier (as he always does) of  Iranian-backed Houthis  when covering Yemen. By framing it as an Iranian plot, US neoconservatives also reinforced the operation as  good for Israel, which by extension means its in US national interest by virtue of the neoconservatives doctrine.Since the War on Yemen began in March 2015, rather than reporting on the carnage and pressuring the US government to recuse itself from its daily military role backing of Saudi Arabia, the mainstream media foreign policy gatekeepers and CFR members like CNN s Fareed Zakaria have instead opted to ignore the conflict as much as possible, opting instead to continue pushing more fake news and extravagant lies spun regarding Aleppo along with other aspects of the other illegal US operation arming international terrorists in Syria.Members of the media should be ashamed of themselves, but that assuming the word shame still exists in their lexicon. By now, it should be clear that they simply do not care. While the establishment and auxiliary CFR public relations mascots like George Clooney have been crusading for the International Criminal Court (ICC) to  take urgent action  against  the bad guys  in places like South Sudan (a CIA project from the onset) and fawning over the US-UK government joint project and pseudo-NGO fraud known as the White Helmets in Syria, the United States government and its partners Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and of the course the United Kingdom   have been allowed to get away with one of the most obvious and egregious, mass violations of international law and collective murder in modern history.In short, all the establishment and Deep State players; in Washington, the UNHRC (bought-off by Saudi Arabia), the mainstream media, Hollywood, and across the billion dollar think-tank industrial complex   have all colluded through their collective inaction and media censorship  in perpetrating an long-running and obvious international crime against humanity in Yemen. Add to this, holding in contempt the concept of the modern nation-state as it pertains to Yemen, by colluding in a violent, neocolonial fashion with the express intent to deny the Yemeni people their right to sovereignty. To compare Saudi Arabia s belligerent actions in Yemen to Nazi Germany s undeclared wars of aggression prior to WWII is no exaggeration. In fact, one could make the argument that this Saudi-US joint venture is much worse, and a far more dangerous precedent. Likewise, the failure of a corrupt UN (who effectively sold Saudi Arabia its seat as the head of the UN Human Rights Council ), led by an impotent Secretary General in Ban-ki Moon, to censure Saudi Arabia for its flagrant violation of international law, the Nuremberg Principles and the entire Geneva Convention content and implied framework   leaves the UN in the exact same position as the League of Nations in 1938. This is most certainly the case on paper, and with each passing moment we are nudging ever closer to geopolitical d j  vu. (Vanessa Beeley, 21WIRE, Oct 13, 2016)The following is a professional analysis, from a US legal perspective. The case is clear, and non-contestable under the current provision in both US and international law  Yemeni resident in Taiz, who lost everything after another Saudi airstrike.. Trevor Thrall & John Glaser ReasonAfter almost a year of bombings, Yemen is a humanitarian catastrophe. Over 6,000 Yemenis have been killed [an extremely conservative estimate]  half of them civilians. According to a recent United Nations report, the Saudi-led coalition has  conducted airstrikes targeting civilians and civilian objects,  including refugee camps, hospitals, weddings, and mosques. Saudi bombing has reduced large tracts of several cities to rubble. Some of the attacks, according to the U.N. panel, could amount to crimes against humanity.As of this month, over two million people in Yemen are internally displaced, millions lack access to potable water, and thanks to a U.S.-supported Saudi blockade on imports, more than 14 million Yemenis are at risk of starvation.Throughout, the U.S. has quietly but dutifully lent the Saudis weapons, logistics assistance, and diplomatic cover. It s time to stop.The civil conflict in Yemen has its roots in the overthrow in 2011 of long-time U.S.-Saudi ally Ali Abdullah Saleh. In the midst of the unrest, Saudi Arabia and the U.S. supported a political transition to a government headed by President Abed-Rabbo Mansour Hadi, in which he was the only candidate on the ballot. Yemen s Shiite Houthi rebels waged an insurgency against the Hadi government and captured the capital city Sanaa in 2014.The civil war then morphed into an intractable proxy war when, in March of last year, Saudi Arabia decided to wage a vicious bombing campaign under the pretext of destroying the Houthi rebellion and reinstating Hadi s beleaguered government. Riyadh views the Houthis as a proxy of Iran, and after the peaceful diplomatic settlement between the U.S. and Iran over the latter s nuclear program, U.S. officials have apparently felt obliged to reassure Saudi Arabia by supporting its war in Yemen.The problem is that Saudi Arabia s war in Yemen compromises both U.S. interests and its moral standing. Our interests are harmed because undermining the Houthis and contributing to the power vacuum in the country has benefitted the position of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), which happens to share Saudi distaste for the Houthis.The Saudis succeed in garnering U.S. support in part by characterizing the war as a fight against terrorism. But the Saudis and al-Qaeda are actually in an awkward alliance in this fight, making U.S. help even more misguided.As for our moral standing, by supporting Saudi Arabia s military action, we are a party to serious war crimes and are indirectly at fault for the devastating humanitarian crisis the people of Yemen now face.The Saudi intervention clearly violates the just war tenet of jus ad bellum. That tenet dictates that nations not only have a just cause for going to war but also resort to military force only after all other options have been exhausted. Despite Saudi claims to the contrary, the intervention is clearly not a case of self-defense. The notion that Yemen, the poorest country in the Middle East (kept afloat primarily by Saudi funds), represents a military threat to Saudi Arabia is absurd. And to argue Saudi bombs are justified to prevent future terrorist attacks is to argue for preventive war, which violates just war theory and the UN Charter.The Saudis insist that their actions are legal because the legitimate Yemeni government invited military intervention. But the Hadi government hardly deserves the label legitimate. Hadi was elevated to the presidency after serving in Saleh s autocratic regime as vice president. Once president, Hadi used his position to consolidate power against the Houthis and Saleh loyalists all while misappropriating billions of dollars. A better description would be to call the Hadi government a tool of Saudi Arabia, since Saudi Arabia not only brokered the deal that allowed him to replace Saleh but also enabled him to return to Yemen after the Houthis drove him from the country. Arguing that the Saudis are responding to a call for help is essentially to argue that the Saudis asked themselves to intervene in Yemen.So, if Saudi Arabia s argument for intervention is weak, what s the U.S. s excuse? Any claim that this is a part and parcel of the war on terror is dubious, considering the bombing of Yemen is, if anything, bolstering Islamic extremists. Furthermore, Saudi Arabia itself is a major exporter of the kind of jihadist ideology that drives groups like al-Qaeda and the Islamic State.Even if it were about countering terrorist groups, if the threat to Saudi Arabia from Yemen is remote, the threat to the United States is certainly too small to justify violating the rules of war, international moral norms, and common decency.Beyond placating overexcited Saudi fears of a U.S. strategic tilt towards Iran, there simply is no moral, legal, or strategic justification for what the U.S. is doing in Yemen.About the Authors: Trevor Thrall is an associate professor at the School of Policy, Government, and International Affairs at George Mason University and a senior fellow at the Cato Institute. John Glaser is based in Washington, DC. He has been published in CNN, Newsweek, The Guardian, and The National Interest, among others. READ MORE YEMEN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Yemen FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22140,"SUNDAY SCREENING: Guns, Drugs & the CIA (1988)","This week s documentary screening, curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE. This was quite a groundbreaking investigation and production at the time, which aired on US public television in 1988, detailing the US government s own role, along with the CIA   in trafficking in illicit narcotics proceeds that were used to shore up the Contra  freedom fighters  effort in Nicaragua. The history of the CIA runs parallel to criminal and drug operations throughout the world, but it s coincidental. Is the CIA using drug money to finance covert operations?  SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22141,Assange: ‘Trump in Conflict with CIA Over Syria Policy’,"This interview with WikiLeaks head Julian Assange might explain John McCain s recent angry outburst over the Trump Administration s announcement that  Assad can stay  as leader in Syria. Syrianna Analysis: On the German DW-TV channel, Julian Assange said there is a serious conflict between President Donald Trump and the CIA over Syria. The CIA and other security apparatuses don t want him to change the foreign policy of Washington towards Syria. Listen: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22142,"John McCain Throws Tantrum, Decries Trump for ‘Letting Assad Stay’","21st Century Wire says A predictable reaction from a pair of increasingly desperate politicians.Perennial war hawks Senators John McCain and his partner Lindsey Graham, have expressed their outrage of recent comments by Trump Administration officials that regime change is no longer a priority for the Washington.McCain warned that President Trump s downgrading on policy, away from the overthrow of the Syrian government, was somehow bad for US interests.  Such a policy would only exacerbate the terrorist threat to our nation,  said McCain.Since at least 2011, McCain has been intimately involved in helping to foment instability in Syria by leading the program to flood illegal arms into Syria for what he and many other America politicians claimed was for  the moderate rebels  who were  fighting for freedom and democracy.  It wasn t long before the world finally figured out what the Syrian people knew all along   the moderate rebel was a public relation tool, invented by Washington under the Obama Administration.Sadly for McCain, he hasn t been following the news close enough over the last 3 years to realize that the rest of the world has already figured out the West s transparent proxy terrorist marketing campaign.While McCain s public position is predictable   still clinging to the fictional narrative laid down by Obama   that the Syria public do not support their President and is therefore illegitimate in the eyes of NATO member states, his partner Senator Graham s position is even more erroneous; based on the a long-debunked lie that Assad crossed the  red line  and used chemical weapons against his own people. McCain with CIA-backed FSA commander Sam Idris and Mouaz Moustafa of the Washington s creation, the  Syrian Emergency Task Force  (SETF).What makes McCain s rantings even more obscene, is the fact that he has remained completely pro-war in all its forms, and is in total support of proven international terrorists groups like Al Nusra, the  Free Syrian Army  FSA and Arar al-Sham. In 2011, McCain snuck into Syria illegally to promise militants weapons and support, as well as a US bombing campaign against the Syrian state   a war which almost happened under the pretext of a staged false flag chemical attack in East Ghouta outside Damascus in August 2013. BUSY YEAR: 2011 was a busy year for McCain and Graham supporting militants and terrorists. Here they are pictured with Florida Senator Marco Rubio showing off with extremists after the assassination of Gaddafi and before the eventual implosion of the country following the US-led NATO bombing campaign.  Supreme Military Council of Syria meeting US Rep. Adam Kinzinger, Mouaz Moustaf (SETF), and CIA agent Evan McMullin (circa 2013-2014)Since 2011, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Hillary Clinton, US Congressman Adam Kinzinger and others, in conjunction with Romney-backed CIA operative turned 2016 Presidential candidate Evan McMullin   have led calls to support the various terrorist factions within Syria under the CIA crafted banner of  Supreme Military Council of Syria  and the  The Syrian Revolutionary Front    have consistently sold the American public a false narrative via by the Muslim Brotherhood, an extremist political organization supported by Obama administration.4 years later, they are still droning on with the same discredited talking points  Daniel Chaitin Washington ExaminerSens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham are upset with the Trump administration signaling that removing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from power is no longer a top priority.During a trip to Turkey, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Assad s fate will be decided by the Syrian people. That sentiment was echoed by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, who told reporters,  You pick and choose your battles. And when we re looking at this it s about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit and focus on getting Assad out. In a statement Thursday evening, McCain, who is chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said he is  deeply disturbed  by Tillerson s and Haley s comments. Their suggestion that Assad can stay in power appears to be just as devoid of strategy as President Obama s pronouncements that  Assad must go,'  McCain said.  Once again, U.S. policy in Syria is being presented piecemeal in press statements without any definition of success, let alone a realistic plan to achieve it. Graham, also a member of the Armed Services committee, said that such comments would be  the biggest mistake since President Obama failed to act after drawing a red line against Assad s use of chemical weapons. Continue this story at the Washington ExaminerREAD MORE JOHN MCCAIN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire McCain FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22143,NEVER BEFORE SEEN: FBI Trove of 9/11 Pentagon Photos Refuels Conspiracy Suspicions,"21st Century Wire says The FBI released 27  never before seen  images chronicling the destructive Pentagon attack on 9/11. While the FBI move appears to be an effort to be more transparent, they ve refueled old conspiracy suspicions   hidden in plain sight.   COVER-UP?    Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton To this day, the attacks on September 11th, 2001, have remained some of the most enigmatic crimes of the century.There has been an endless dispute over the how of 9/11 and the who, as well as the various methods used to carry out the atrocities of that day. There s an even heavier debate over what brought down WTC Building 7 and since then, other 9/11  rabbit holes  have also challenged the nature of the planes said to be involved in both New York and Washington DC.Whatever your thoughts are concerning planes or other theories on 9/11 it s still worth noting that even the mainstream media admitted at the time that there was, no evidence of a plane at all,  following the destruction of a portion of the Pentagon s western side.Watch as Jamie McIntyre, a former Senior Pentagon correspondent for CNN, suggests the lack of evidence supporting the official story surrounding American Airlines flight 77 .Here s one telling image released by the FBI that doesn t appear to support the official story of American Airlines flight 77 s fuselage crashing into the Western side of the Pentagon. Its as if logic and reason were also casualties on 9/11   where is the rest of the plane and why is the crater so small?  PENTAGON TALES    What really happened here? (Image Source: vault.fbi.gov)In another telling image, part of the damage seen at the Pentagon on 9/11 looks errily reminiscent to that of the Oklahoma City bombing  INTERIOR EXPLOSION?   Why does this look similar to the damage at OKC IN 1995? (Image Source: abcnews)The FBI releases also contained images of twisted plane parts that curiously lacked evidence of fire damage   given the devastating crime scene, it s hard to see how that would be possible.See the FBI photos here for yourself   and ask yourself one single question: where is the Boeing passenger airliner? . More from Free Thought Project below BREAKING: The FBI Just Released Never Before Seen Photos of 9/11 Pentagon WreckageClaire Bernish Free Thought ProjectAfter surreptitiously releasing to the public one week ago, the FBI unceremoniously announced today the unprecedented release of never-before-seen images from the attacks of September 11, 2001, and some of the pictures evoke still more questions.Others could be seen as putting to rest a popular theory American Airlines Flight 77 never actually smashed into the Pentagon. The FBI Vault release is minute in size, to say the least   with a mere 27 images comprising the file   and does not include video, audio, nor anything other than photos.But, given the stony silence from the U.S. government toward families of victims of the attacks, even the meager disclosure is a welcome morsel of information with the potential to provide answers.Indeed, in the very first image, labeled plainly,  9-11 Pentagon Debris 1,  a single piece of wreckage sits isolated on a parcel of lawn   bearing the American Airlines logo and marked with letters and numbers.More from Free Thought Project here SEE ALSO: What to Expect From BBC Panorama and Guardian s Whitewash of UK Gov t Funding Terrorists in SyriaSEE ALSO: The Guardian Exposed   Conning Public into Financing  Independent Journalism SEE ALSO: White Helmets &  Local Councils    Is the UK FCO Financing Terrorism in Syria with Taxpayer Funds?SEE ALSO: A Guide to Mainstream Media  Fake News  War PropagandaSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22144,Boiler Room #103 – Smoking Gunz,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East, Funk Soul, Randy J, Stewart Howe (ACR/21WIRE contributors) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and third episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.Listen to  Boiler Room #103   Smoking Gunz  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #103Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22145,EP #19: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – SEASON FINALE – Open Phones," This is the final episode of Patrick LIVE on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and globally at Alternate Current Radio THIS WEEK: Episode #19 This week we we wrap-up an amazing run on 1100 AM KFNX   first hitting the headlines with Al Gore s hot air, BREXIT and the liberal academia s attack on 21st Century Wire and new scourge of  alternative narratives . So we ask our listeners: is there any objective integrity left in America academia? We ll find out   Tonight, host Patrick Henningsen is joined a Motley cast of VIP callers   to hit the issues of the day, one last time Listen to  EP #19: Patrick Henningsen LIVE   with Open Call Line  on Spreaker.For the last five months this program has been broadcasting LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm and 9pm PST, in the post-drive time slot and after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com and syndicated on the Alternate Current Radio Network. LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVES",0
22146,Episode #4 – DRIVE BY WIRE: ‘DC Rabbit Holes’ with Patrick & Shawn," MEMBERS can join co-hosts Patrick Henningsen and Shawn Helton from 21WIRE for the best morning commute show going,  DRIVE BY WIRE , shown in full here at 21WIRE.TV .EPISODE #4   21WIRE writers Patrick and Shawn talk about the big  Russian Investigation  currently going on in Washington, as well as the recent London Attack and some of the chief anomalies present in that event, and also US troops in Syria MEMBERS CAN WATCH THE FULL EPISODE HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22147,Al Gore: Climate Change is “PRINCIPAL” Cause of Syrian War,"21st Century Wire says Can you say:  out of touch ?Al Gore may have finally proven that he has completely lost touch with reality after his recent comments in London during an interview.The former Vice-President and professional alarmist extraordinaire said that climate change is a  principal  cause of the Syrian conflict, and even,  those in the region recognize that [too] .In the following video report, you ll hear exactly why that explanation is not only intellectually insulting, but how it shifts the blame away from those who are truly responsible for the Syrian crisis, because it certainly was not your SUV driving neighbour: READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22148,Fake News: The Unravelling of US Empire From Within,"Setting the Stage of the Press-President War.US ruling ideology and Washington power have become unstuck as never before. A war of opposing certitudes and denunciations is waged day to day between the long-ruling US corporate media and the White House. Both continuously proclaim ringing recriminations of the other s  fake news . Over months they both portray each other as malevolent liars. Prof. John McMurtry Global ResearchUS bully pulpits are now beyond show disagreements and successful media inquisitions of the past. Slanderous accusations long confined to vilifying the designated Enemy have crept into accusations of the President himself.  The Russians are coming  is returning as the final recourse of smear to stop deviations from the global program of hugely profitable enemy hate and perpetual preparations for foreign war.The ruling big lies of the US money party and corporate globalization have divided into opposing camps. The Press and the President denounce each other non-stop on the public stage, while US dark state agents take sides behind the scenes.Fake news is the medium of battle.Tracking the Real Fake News Built into Corporate GlobalizationBeneath the civil war of official narratives, cognitive space opens for truth long suffocated by  the Washington Consensus . Even the US-led G-20 has recently agreed not to automatically condemn  protectionism  as an economic evil. The battle slogan of transnational corporate rule over 30 years has been quietly withdrawn on the global stage.Is the big lie of  free trade  finally coming to ground? It has long led the hollowing out of societies and life support systems across the world in a false mass promotion as  freedom and prosperity for all .  In fact beneath the pervasive fake news, a closed-door transnational corporate command system forces all enterprises across borders into a carbon-multiplying trade regime with thousands of rules to protect the transnational corporate looting and ruin of home economies and environments as the only rights enforced.Propagandist names and fake freedoms are proclaimed everywhere to conceal the reality. The corporate-investor regime has stripped out almost all evolved protections of workers, ecologies and social infrastructures. Non-stop liquidations and roboticizations of local jobs and enterprises are reversed in meaning to  jobs, jobs, jobs  and  higher living standards , the very opposite of the facts. Destabilization and bombing wars attack resource-rich and air-defenceless societies outside the circle of treaty subjugation.False news allows every step. Even the happy-face Trudeau regime is taken aback by the tidal shift to national priorities. Its ministers scuttle around the US in near panic to find common cause for restoring the unaccountable regime. Multiplying carbon, disemployment and ecological plunder are ignored throughout in the longest standing fake news of all  economic growth .In fact, there is no real economic growth in universal life necessities or reduction of waste. The only growth is of volumes and velocities of transnational money exchanges, foreign commodities, and private profits to the top. More prosperity for nations and the world  means, decoded, more transnational corporate-state treaties to deprive nations of their rights to organization and production for citizens  real needs as well as organically regulated protection of environments and ecosystems.The consequences covered over by pervasively false cover stories are speeded-up ecocidal extractions, permanent disemployments, and wastes hemorrhaging into cumulatively more polluted oceans, air, atmosphere and life habitats. Corporate-state solutions of carbon markets for pollution rights have nowhere reduced any of these life-and-death crises, but only further and selectively enriched transnational corporations.As for the Obama solution,  we need more Canadas , fake news again conceals the reality. Beneath the global celebrity hype covering empty and broken promises, Canada s Trudeau  regime is essentially a brand change of PM rhetoric to advance transnational corporate dictates as  free trade  and to ensure oil pipelines out of the most polluting oil basin in the world, Alberta s tar-sands, are built through water basins and indigenous lands across Canada and the US. One cannot help but observe this is Trump s plan too, and overrides Trudeau s promises to protect Canada s first peoples.I recently sent a letter to my local MP requesting evidence for what PM Trudeau promises over months of repetition that  more free trade  means  a better life for those in the middle class and those wanting to join the middle class . As always, there is no evidence to support the non-stop false news from the PMO. Revealingly, the  middle class  turns out to be people making $180,000 a year slated to get significant tax cuts.Trump s rogue elephant charge on Washington-led lies, war, and dispossession of the working class is no solution to life-blind corporate globalization. Trump in office is a US nationalist oligarch commanding policies even more blindly rapacious in despoliation of the environment and transferring far more public wealth to the rich.The common ground of all our lives, collective life capital, does not exist for any government in  the free world  or any policy of  globalization .  The lies that must be promulgated to advance the private corporate agenda are built into its transnational command system from the beginning.Out of the Ruling Memory Hole with the Internet CommonsJoining the dots shows that every step of US money-party  globalization  has, in fact, been driven by fake news.No corporate media tolerance has been given in a quarter of a century to any voice demanding accountability to the common life-ground of citizens. A new game of numbers has proceeded instead. At most, a euphemistic  climate change  has been endlessly debated while the totalizing destabilization of human and planetary life cycles remains without a name or collective response. Only more profitable market panaceas which do not reduce any pollution continue to divert from the deepest degenerate trends destroying the planetary life host.On the upside, the big lies of  free trade  and  humanitarian wars  have been called into official question for the first time by the Trump presidential campaign, and he has been elected against the official line. Yet opposing camps are still at each other s throats. So the perpetual fallback on accusing the long-designated foreign enemy is triggered by the fallen establishment. The fake news chorus of Russia s aggressions now includes collusion of the Trump administration with its officials to win the US election. This mainspring diversion from reality is called back from the dead witch-hunts of the past. As then tool, facts do not count, only accusations do. The official media line is almost predictable: Russia is behind Trump s election victory. As always, reverse projection is the mass-psyche operation to blame an official Enemy to divert attention from the life-and-death facts. The Enemy is once again accused of doing what the US has always done worse as the reason for attacking It. Russia is the usual placeholder in this reverse-blame operation. The 2016 US election of Trump is the latest variation.Meanwhile throughout the election and its aftermath, the new transnational internet commons including Wiki-leaks over a decade has increasingly laid bare the greatest propaganda machine in history now in many-leveled crisis. The long normalized half-truths, one-sided slanting of the facts, and non-stop fallacies of inference are coming out into the open as never before.  The pretexts and lies for US imperial bullying and war are exposed beyond any corporate-media gate.This time the accusation is  interference and attack on the US presidential election  with no evidence of wrongdoing or vote manipulation whatsoever. Yet as in the long past, the method is smear with no evidence for the accusations. Ever more media repetition and shadowy insinuation does the job. It has always worked before, why not again since all the other media buttons pushed on taking down the Trump peace initiatives with Russia and opposition to globalization of US jobs have failed.Having wondered during the election campaign whether we could be  friends with Russia  and promoted diplomatic relations into his administration, Trump can be named as the enemy in hiding to be rooted out. The real problem the fake news never mentions is that he threatens the cornerstone of the US war state over 70 years.So when Trump won the election with his heresy still intact, the ever-ready accusation of evil-Russia connection moves into high gear although the target is the opposite of communist and an epitome of capitalist riches and connections. We see here the historical mind-lock compulsion to blame the Enemy Russia and smear whoever dissents from it, even if it is a bully-capitalist president. There are very big stakes in keeping the game going.Yet the no-profit and unpaid analyses from the internet commons have no such ulterior motive and interest in false accusations. With more objectively informed analysts than the commercial press and unimpeachable facts like WikiLeaks going to tens of millions of readers across the world, the genie is out of the bottle. The official grand narrative and its normalized big lies are coming apart at the seams.So blame as usual is diverted onto the accepted Enemy, now conniving with Trump to attack the 2016 US presidential election. Beneath the fake news, the fact is that positive diplomatic relations with Russia not only threaten to stop the highly profitable permanent war against it, but spike the longest pretext for US war and military domination now moving through Ukraine.The free internet commons cannot be gagged for telling the truth. Freedom of speech in the US cannot be openly stopped without fatal loss of legitimacy of rule.So the rest follows. All the non-corporate and non-profit messages from the critical sites on the internet commons which are speaking against the US war state inside are now vilified as  fake news . A third, unofficial protagonist has entered the battle with no private profit or career motive or corporate boss to serve and a wealth of proven professional knowledge and talent at work. It has to be denounced to sustain the big lies of the ruling money-war game which is in deepening crises and conflicts all the way to the unprecedented US President-Press civil war.The Harvard Proclamation of a New Memory HoleThe innermost fount of US ideology and war, Harvard University, has now stepped in. It is officially naming and denouncing US-critical internet sites for  fake news .Not even the medieval Church went so far in its Index Librorum Prohibitorum of prohibited writings. It was at least innocent of scientific method and openly declared its dogmas. Not Harvard.Underneath notice, all the sites it attacks are internet commons, and none are financed by private corporate donors and captive institutions while Harvard and the corporate media are. This is the real battle agenda underneath, the long war  to privatize the news for profit as everything else with anti-establishment internet criticism now the target.In the background, Harvard University has long propagated an unexamined academic method. It normally cuts off any faculty or learned source of opposition to the private corporate rule of America and the wars of aggression to impose it on the world.  Accordingly, the underling grand narrative equations of the US is Good and the designated Enemy is Evil is not questioned. It is presupposed. Malevolent motives are always assumed of the designated Enemy, down to Harvard-produced geostrategic economic and war models. So when a host of internet commons sites challenge the grand narrative framework, Harvard and satellites denounce them to stop people reading them. A long list of critical sites is accused without criteria, proof or evidence as all spreaders of  fake news .What is not recognised here is that only on the internet commons can the process of truth be free from ruling pressures to control message for external sponsors.Here there is no commercial-profit condition to speak and write, and no livelihood dependence on private profit. There is no inducement to avoid life-and-death issues in academic obfuscation or ad-vehicle style. Internet authors not on the payroll can be free of the game of all games behind the scenes   enriching the rich further with no life-coherent criterion of truth.These underlying conditions of the internet commons and free speech itself cannot be recognised by the academy or the corporate press without undercutting their proclaimed status as the only legitimate founts of truth. The internet commons is a new world of competitive capacities to research, understand and disseminate not bound by private money patronage (as over centuries in Harvard University).When challenged in this way, Harvard (and the official press) are set back on their heels. They cannot think the facts through because their instituted presumptions have long been what they must presuppose and not question to acquire their credentials and pay for public speech. They must attack what calls all this into question if it effectively speaks truth to power to expose or de-legitimate the ruling system narrative as false. Harvard and the US press thus follow the reigning method of reverse projection. They accuse the effective opposition of  fake news .The most revealing fact here is that Harvard authority as other academic administrations proceed in name-calling without any valid argument or demonstration   the very basis of reasonable conclusion. Yet this is such a long tradition of presumptive accusation allowed against anyone designated as the Enemy, and anyone else exposing the falsehood of the ruling US story of moral superiority over all others and God s blessing to lead the world by force or money.This is why only dissenting sites from the official storyline of US freedom and rightness in all things are accused as  fake news . Accusation of opposing positions is so well-worn into conditioned brains that endless repetition locks it in as self-evident. This is why attributions of vile motive are automatic from Harvard or the New York Times for any outside leader opposing US interference in their countries including elections. US hypocrisy here is staggering, but unreported. In fact, Harvard s life-blind elite of war criminal geo-strategists, economic modellers and so on are fawned upon within the wider corporate rule they serve.None can engage critical facts and thought challenging the US moral superiority assumptions because they have never been required to consider them. So they denounce them as once the Church denounced apostasy.In the end, US system worship is a war-state religion. It eliminates all enemies to its right to rule. Its globalizing system institutes the market laws of God. War crimes are God-blessed justice.Freedom of Speech, the Process of Truth, and the US ConstitutionLed by senior academics, journalists and technical expertise, the internet commons provide for the first time impartial witness and free speech open to public examination and circulation across borders. They are free from corporate-rank dictate and private copy-right control.In consequence, the internet commons are liberated from private corporate profit as controlling goal. Those who know what they are talking about can speak truth to dogma and power without words to appease editors, business boards and ad revenues. Truth itself is not defined, but its principle of process is a more inclusively consistent taking into account towards life-coherent conclusionDespite Google black-holing of radical legal facts, CIA penetration of Wikipedia, and so on, the internet commons  freedom of speech is far beyond anything guaranteed in the US constitution. In fact, the  sacred US Constitution  that all presidents give oath to  preserve, protect and defend  guarantees in the end only freedom of public speech to private money demand.Long before the Supreme Court s 2010 decision reverse-titled as  Citizens United , the US constitution was structured to one overriding end   to remove prior limits to private-money right over all else,including to begin, the rule of British law and  the lands of the first nations West of the Appalachians.This is why no common life interest exists in the US Constitution from the start. People s universal human life necessities of water, food, protection and liveable environment are ruled out a-priori.  This is why civil rights themselves were first federally enforced by the  commerce clause  protecting freedom of commercial bus passengers including blacks to cross borders.It is also why the Fourteenth Amendment to protect the equal rights of freed slaves ended up being the legal basis for private-profit corporations and wealthy funds to acquire the constitutional rights of living persons (e.g., to freedom of speech for big money to buy elections and to avoid government access to financial records).Even the iconic rights of  life, liberty and happiness  turn out to be in fact only private market rightswhich allow corporate  fictive persons  to unlimited money wealth, protection against public redistribution, and the freedom of private wealth alone to  speak to America by buying corporate self promotions and election attack ads.The US Constitution fix goes all the way back to 1787. As professor of constitutional law at Chicago s iconic Kent College of Law, Matthew Stanton, explains in personal correspondence: [The fix] goes all the way back to the 1787 coup where the 39 signatories to the Constitution sequestered themselves in a Philadelphia meeting house, with locked doors and shuttered windows, to ostensibly make adjustments to the Articles of Confederation, but instead delivered an entirely new document that enabled creating a federal system centralizing control of the economy by  propertied wealth .Russia the Enemy: the Deus ex Machina of Fake NewsWe may recall that the corporate-press and Wall-Street-enriched candidate for the presidency, Hillary Clinton, started the accusation of  fake news  to explain her defeat. As establishment mask of the politically correct masses with the money-war party as her paymaster, Clinton blamed her fall in the 2016 US election on the new enemy she saw arising against the official story and herself. When the  glass mirror  story line did not take, she joined forces with the corporate media on another plane.  Fake news  misled Americans. The New York Times, the Washington Post, the TV Networks, and other establishment tale tellers saw pay-dirt far beyond Clinton s failed bid for president.In fact, the corporate mass media were losing marketability by the escalating appeal of free social media. The once all-powerful press propaganda system has been increasingly deserted. The  fake news  story provided a media base to condemn free internet news and commentary as immoral. The 2016 election became the leverage for a big market grab back.Very soon it was not just  fake news  to spike news cycles and subscriptions. War as peace and corporate globalization as freedom found its long place of rule   the enemy of Russia to blame. Now the news can be that Russia hacked and attacked the lost 2016 election. Russia may be a hollowed-out shell by global corporate and oligarch dispossession. But it can still continue as pretext for US-NATO war crimes and aggression reverse-blamed on it. As the European breadbasket and newly discovered fossil-fuel rich nation, Ukraine is a very big prize. Now in Ukraine s US-led coup aftermath and ethnic civil war, evil Russia can be an ace card again to accuse for attacking the US election.Since Russia led by Putin is drawing the line as in Crimea to support the Russia-speaking region against US-led war crimes under international law (documented in previous articles), all roads connect.  Russia s uncontrolled aggression  is  reverse-projected onto the victim again in  a glorious new use. Reverse blame it  for interference in the US election of Trump and kill Russia-US peace initiatives at the same time. No fact is required to verify the accusation, and no law broken is needed to insinuate treason of whoever relates with Russia s officials in peace initiative. It can work even against an elected US president.At the same time, the US s own record attacking other nations  elections and societies is thereby erased as well   continually orchestrating mass-murder and dictatorship to sabotage the electoral process from Vietnam and Chile to Ukraine in 2010 and Latin America social democracies since.If it were a story of reverse projection by a mass-murderous psychopath, it would be too much to believe. Yet it now runs the US news cycle as the big story unfolding with no evidence of US illegality, force, or non-compliance with international law. The accusations run by themselves in US media culture and across the empire. So as 2017 Spring breaks, endless media insinuations of treason seep into the populace from corporate media sites across borders with backrooms and Congress setting up for another presidential inquisition.It is interesting to observe two precedents. Past inquisitions were unfolded soon after Bill Clinton said in India,  it s time to level up rather than down in global trade  and Richard Nixon founded the Environmental Protections Agency, stopped corporations from outsourcing US jobs, and made peace with China as Trump sought with Russia.The ludicrous hypocrisy, factual vacuum, and war-drums of blame-the-enemy go into high-volume operation again, led by an attack-dog media against the elected US president whose only action has been to have business-like relations with Russia. Few observe the immense stakes of the US media and war establishments in this process. Cui bono?   who benefits?   is the question never asked Continue this article at Global ResearchREAD MORE ABOUT FAKE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Fake News Files",0
22149,SUNDAY SCREENING: ‘Air America: The CIA’s Secret Airline’ (2000),"Our weekly documentary film, curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE. EDITORS NOTE: At times, this film might sanitise the CIA infamous operation in Southeast Asia, just short of glorifying it, but the detail and over view of this piece of history is extremely education   especially when you consider how similar operations are doing the exact same operation in Turkey, Pakistan and Yemen. From its origins with the legendary Flying Tigers of WWII to the final days of the Vietnam War, the covert program of Air America is one of the most clandestine operations in CIA history. Watch: SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERE",0
22150,"Collapsing: Why the ‘Russia Hack’ Witch Hunt Will Not End Well for Congress, or America","21st Century Wire says Washington s Russian witch hunt is now collapsing before our eyes. As host Patrick Henningsen revealed last Wednesday on ACR Radio, the supposedly damning information submitted by the FBI s private  cyber security  contractor Crowdstrike, of which the entire  Russian Hack  conspiracy theory hinges on   is fraudulent. Here is a link to their primary invented piece of  evidence  included in the US Intelligence Assessment. This means that we were correct back on Nov 1st when we said the Russian Hack story was a hoax designed distract from the explosive contents on the DNC and Podesta email leaks, and also to bolster a failing Hillary Clinton campaign by discrediting Donald Trump as being somehow in league with the evil Russians.If they keep pressing this story, it will only hurt the credibility of a Democratic Party that still refuses to admit the abject failures and corruption within of their political organization.Now the question remains: how more millions in US taxpayer money will Hollywood s Congressman Adam Schiff, and ringleaders Lindsey Graham waste before they re done trying to  look tough  on Russia and Trump? Will they be held accountable by anyone?In the end, we discover that Schiff, Feinstein, Graham, McCain and so many others in Washington have done extreme damage to American interests, and in the long run   to national security. Here s the story  US Congressman and NeoMcCarthyite Adam Schiff has himself become a ridiculous-looking caricature as of late. Justin Raimondo Antiwar.comThe allegation   now accepted as incontrovertible fact by the  mainstream  media   that the Russian intelligence services hacked the Democratic National Committee (and John Podesta s emails) in an effort to help Donald Trump get elected recently suffered a blow from which it may not recover.Crowdstrike is the cybersecurity company hired by the DNC to determine who hacked their accounts: it took them a single day to determine the identity of the culprits   it was, they said, two groups of hackers which they named  Fancy Bear  and  Cozy Bear,  affiliated respectively with the GRU, which is Russian military intelligence, and the FSB, the Russian security service.How did they know this?These alleged  hacker groups  are not associated with any known individuals in any way connected to Russian intelligence: instead, they are identified by the tools they use, the times they do their dirty work, the nature of the targets, and other characteristics based on the history of past intrusions.Yet as Jeffrey Carr and other cyberwarfare experts have pointed out, this methodology is fatally flawed.  It s important to know that the process of attributing an attack by a cybersecurity company has nothing to do with the scientific method,  writes Carr: Claims of attribution aren t testable or repeatable because the hypothesis is never proven right or wrong. Neither are claims of attribution admissible in any criminal case, so those who make the claim don t have to abide by any rules of evidence (i.e., hearsay, relevance, admissibility). Likening attribution claims of hacking incidents by cybersecurity companies to intelligence assessments, Carr notes that, unlike government agencies such the CIA, these companies are never held to account for their misses: When it comes to cybersecurity estimates of attribution, no one holds the company that makes the claim accountable because there s no way to prove whether the assignment of attribution is true or false unless (1) there is a criminal conviction, (2) the hacker is caught in the act, or (3) a government employee leaked the evidence. This lack of accountability may be changing, however, because Crowdstrike s case for attributing the hacking of the DNC to the Russians is falling apart at the seams like a cheap sweater.To begin with, Crowdstrike initially gauged its certainty as to the identity of the hackers with  medium confidence.  However, a later development, announced in late December and touted by the Washington Post, boosted this to  high confidence.  The reason for this newfound near-certainty was their discovery that  Fancy Bear  had also infected an application used by the Ukrainian military to target separatist artillery in the Ukrainian civil war. As the Post reported: While CrowdStrike, which was hired by the DNC to investigate the intrusions and whose findings are described in a new report, had always suspected that one of the two hacker groups that struck the DNC was the GRU, Russia s military intelligence agency, it had only medium confidence. Now, said CrowdStrike co-founder Dmitri Alperovitch,  we have high confidence  it was a unit of the GRU. CrowdStrike had dubbed that unit  Fancy Bear. Crowdstrike published an analysis that claimed a malware program supposedly unique to Fancy Bear, X-Agent, had infected a Ukrainian targeting application and, using GPS to geo-locate Ukrainian positions, had turned the application against the Ukrainians, resulting in huge losses: Between July and August 2014, Russian-backed forces launched some of the most-decisive attacks against Ukrainian forces, resulting in significant loss of life, weaponry and territory. Ukrainian artillery forces have lost over 50% of their weapons in the two years of conflict and over 80% of D-30 howitzers, the highest percentage of loss of any other artillery pieces in Ukraine s arsenal. Alperovitch told the PBS News Hour that  Ukraine s artillery men were targeted by the same hackers, that we call Fancy Bear, that targeted DNC, but this time they were targeting cell phones to try to understand their location so that the Russian artillery forces can actually target them in the open battle. It was the same variant of the same malicious code that we had seen at the DNC. He told NBC News that this proved the DNC hacker  wasn t a 400-pound guy in his bed,  as Trump had opined during the first presidential debate   it was the Russians.The only problem with this analysis is that is wasn t true. It turns out that Crowdstrike s estimate of Ukrainian losses was based on a blog post by a pro-Russian blogger eager to tout Ukrainian losses: the Ukrainians denied it. Furthermore, the hacking attribution was based on the hackers  use of a malware program called X-Agent, supposedly unique to Fancy Bear. Since the target was the Ukrainian military, Crowdstrike extrapolated from this that the hackers were working for the Russians.All somewhat plausible, except for two things: To begin with, as Jeffrey Carr pointed out in December, and now others are beginning to realize, X-Agent isn t unique to Fancy Bear. Citing the findings of ESET, another cybersecurity company, he wrote: Unlike Crowdstrike, ESET doesn t assign APT28/Fancy Bear/Sednit to a Russian Intelligence Service or anyone else for a very simple reason. Once malware is deployed, it is no longer under the control of the hacker who deployed it or the developer who created it. It can be reverse-engineered, copied, modified, shared and redeployed again and again by anyone. In other words     malware deployed is malware enjoyed! In fact, the source code for X-Agent, which was used in the DNC, Bundestag, and TV5Monde attacks, was obtained by ESET as part of their investigation! During our investigations, we were able to retrieve the complete Xagent source code for the Linux operating system . If ESET could do it, so can others. It is both foolish and baseless to claim, as Crowdstrike does, that X-Agent is used solely by the Russian government when the source code is there for anyone to find and use at will. Secondly, the estimate Crowdstrike used to verify the Ukrainian losses was supposedly based on data from the respected International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS). But now IISS is disavowing and debunking their claims: [T]he International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) told [Voice of America] that CrowdStrike erroneously used IISS data as proof of the intrusion. IISS disavowed any connection to the CrowdStrike report. Ukraine s Ministry of Defense also has claimed combat losses and hacking never happened . The CrowdStrike report uses our data, but the inferences and analysis drawn from that data belong solely to the report s authors,  the IISS said.  The inference they make that reductions in Ukrainian D-30 artillery holdings between 2013 and 2016 were primarily the result of combat losses is not a conclusion that we have ever suggested ourselves, nor one we believe to be accurate. One of the IISS researchers who produced the data said that while the think tank had dramatically lowered its estimates of Ukrainian artillery assets and howitzers in 2013, it did so as part of a  reassessment  and reallocation of units to airborne forces. No, we have never attributed this reduction to combat losses,  the IISS researcher said, explaining that most of the reallocation occurred prior to the two-year period that CrowdStrike cites in its report. The vast majority of the reduction actually occurs   before Crimea/Donbass,  he added, referring to the 2014 Russian invasion of Ukraine. The definitive  evidence  cited by Alperovitch is now effectively debunked: indeed, it was debunked by Carr late last year, but that was ignored in the media s rush to  prove  the Russians hacked the DNC in order to further Trump s presidential ambitions. The exposure by the Voice of America of Crowdstrike s falsification of Ukrainian battlefield losses   the supposedly solid  proof  of attributing the hack to the GRU   is the final nail in Crowdstrike s coffin Continue this story at Antiwar.comREAD MORE RUSSIAN HACK NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russian Hack FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE    SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22151,Boiler Room #102 – Tales From The Black Pill,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Funk Soul, Stewart Howe (ACR/21WIRE contributor) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and second episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis on the London terror events, proof that the sad failure of identity politics that can and does lead young people to an early death, the voracity of Dr. Phil s alleged expos  on systemic pedophile rings in the circles of powerful elites and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.Listen to  Boiler Room #102   Tales From The Black Pill  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #102Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22152,Elite Nazi-allied Order From Hungary Claims Trump Adviser Sebastian Gorka Is Sworn Member,"Lili Bayer and Larry Cohler-Esses HaaretzSebastian Gorka, President Trump s top counter-terrorism adviser, is a formal member of a Hungarian far-right group that is listed by the U.S. State Department as having been  under the direction of the Nazi Government of Germany  during World War II, leaders of the organization have told the Forward.The elite order, known as the Vit zi Rend, was established as a loyalist group by Admiral Miklos Horthy, who ruled Hungary as a staunch nationalist from 1920 to October 1944. A self-confessed anti-Semite, Horthy imposed restrictive Jewish laws prior to World War II and collaborated with Hitler during the conflict. His cooperation with the Nazi regime included the deportation of hundreds of thousands of Jews into Nazi hands. STRANGE CHARACTER: People are now questioning why Trump hired bizarre Hungarian author as his  terrorism  expert.Gorka s membership in the organization   if these Vit zi Rend leaders are correct, and if Gorka did not disclose this when he entered the United States as an immigrant   could have implications for his immigration status. The State Department s Foreign Affairs Manual specifies that members of the Vit zi Rend  are presumed to be inadmissible  to the country under the Immigration and Nationality Act.Gorka   who Vit zi Rend leaders say took a lifelong oath of loyalty to their group   did not respond to multiple emails sent to his work and personal accounts, asking whether he is a member of the Vit zi Rend and, if so, whether he disclosed this on his immigration application and on his application to be naturalized as a U.S. citizen in 2012. The White House also did not respond to a request for comment.Continue this story at HaaretzREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22153,Russian Street Preacher vs. American Students,"21st Century Wire says Here s some intense debate.Yesterday afternoon, Stuart J. Hooper ran into the Russian Street Preacher, Brother Mikhail, on the campus of the University of New Mexico.Brother Mikhail was giving somewhat of an explosive sermon outside of the student union building, and sat down with Stuart to discuss his philosophy, thoughts on President Trump and Hillary Clinton.Check out everything that happened right here: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22154,Trump Was Right: Latest Arrests Prove Threats to Jewish Centers in US Were False Flags," J.R. Smith 21st Century WireFor the last two months, the US media has continued to ramp-up the alleged  alarming trend  of hate crimes against Jewish institutions and sites in America. On March 13th, CNN ran the headline,  Jewish Center Bomb Threats Top 100; Kids Pulled from Schools.  Clearly, media outlets like CNN were pushing a sensational, fear-based narrative, and propagating the idea that there is a  crisis .Initially, Donald Trump expressed skepticism about the rather bizarre and completely spontaneous spike in reports of attacks and threats to Jewish facilities in the US, suggesting in late February that the threats were being done to make others look bad,  inferring that this string of events might be a false flag. Predictably, Trump was roundly attacked for questioning the anti-Semitic narrative.It turns out, that Trump was very likely correct. On Thursday, a 19 yr-old US-Israeli dual citizen was arrested by Israeli police  in conjunction with an ongoing FBI investigation into the supposed wave of threats made to Jewish communities and institutions in the United States, as well as in several other countries over the past few months. So far, the suspect is said to be behind the majority of the threats   and used cyber-camouflage software to conceal his identity while carrying out his erroneous false flag actions. Also, according to an Israeli government official, the suspect s father has also been arrested on the same charges   indicating this was a coordinated, organized effort.The Israeli father and son duo were not the only party in on this  trend either. Earlier this month we learned also that the FBI had arrested a former journalist, Juan Thompson, who the bureau say was behind at least eight cases.  Authorities described his menacing calls as part of his campaign to harass a woman,  said the Washington Post. The Williams case was almost invisible in the US mainstream media who seems to have collectively opted not to give this, or any other related revelations, a fraction of the oxygen which it originally gave the slew of alleged  hate crimes. Arrested: Andrew McClintonIf anyone should be skeptical of false flag hate crimes, it s Trump. During, and after the US election, a string of faked  hate crimes  were carried out and eventually exposed as fake incidents   all designed to discredit Donald Trump and his supporters. The worst of these was a fake  racist  attack on a church in Greenville, Mississippi which was burned down, with the words  Vote Trump  spray-painted on the wall. Pro-Clinton news outlets all loudly ran the story without questioning its merit or its timing. The media bought it, of course, but it was later revealed that the incident was a false flag   staged just days before the November election. The arsonist turned out to be an African-American and de facto Hillary Clinton supporter, Andrew McClinton of Leland, Mississippi.In addition to the fake church attack, liberal and Democratic Party supporters and media operatives also promoted astring of fake hate crimes against Muslims, including a fabricated a story in Lafayette, Louisiana, where a Muslim woman lied to police about being attacked and having her hijab ripped off, and a similar fabricated story by another Muslim woman in New York who made up a fake hate crime  on subway. In both instances, the media, eager to use these dubious stories in order to inflict political damage against Trump, ran gleefully with the story.One cannot calculate the real damage done to trust between communities and faith and ethnic relations, as a result of all of these fake hate crime stunts and their initial media coverageTrump surrogate Anthony Scaramucci echoed the President s suspicion of the sudden spate of threats to Jewish sites in the US:It's not yet clear who the #JCC offenders are. Don't forget @TheDemocrats effort to incite violence at Trump rallies https://t.co/uTBFGhI0Kh  Anthony Scaramucci (@Scaramucci) February 28, 2017Like the President, his former advisor Scaramucci was castigated by a number of media outlets who had adopted the Jewish alarmist narrative of events. Not surprisingly, the pro-Israel, anti-Russian and unofficial NATO mouthpiece, The Daily Beast and its writer Gideon Resnik, helped advance accusations of anti-Semitism against the US President: After a slew of bomb threats forced evacuations at Jewish community centers and schools in 11 states on Monday, President Trump reportedly suggested that the threats may have been done to  make others look bad. Unfortunately, this recent denial fits in with a clear pattern that we have seen from Trump, which includes dismissing Jewish reporters asking about violence, refusing to include a reference to Jews  suffering in the White House s official statement on Holocaust Remembrance Day, failing to denounce David Duke, tweeting Anti-Semitic imagery, and elevating white nationalist Steve Bannon as his top advisor,  DNC spokesperson Eric Walker said.It wasn t long before the notoriously reactionary Anti-Defamation League (ADL) weighed in: Jonathan Greenblatt, the CEO of the Anti-Defamation League, responded by saying: We are astonished by what the President reportedly said. It is incumbent upon the White House to immediately clarify these remarks. This talking point reached a crescendo just in time for President Donald Trump s March 14th speech to Congress, when The Lobby dispatched Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro to the White House to try and press Trump just two days after a Jewish cemetery was vandalized in Philadelphia, and a week after a Jewish cemetery in St. Louis was ransacked (in both cases, police had not made any arrests, so it is unknown who did these incidents, or why they did it).In the hysterical atmosphere created in part by the media s amplification of this alleged  hate trend  and under direct pressure from The Lobby, it appeared that at the last minute Trump was made to inject the Jewish alarmist talking point at the beginning of his address to the Joint Session on national TV. Trump proclaimed the recent threats against Jewish community centers acts of hate and evil,  but the insertion of this talking point seemed highly awkward.Still not content with the President s clear patronage of the issue, the Anne Frank Center jumped on the anti-Semitism bandwagon, with its head Steven Goldstein stating afterwards: The president didn t say exactly what he would do to fight anti-Semitism   how he could have stayed so vague?  We ve endured weeks of anti-Semitic attacks across America and we didn t hear a single proposal from the president tonight to stop them,  Goldstein said. All of this smacked of political opportunism by the ADL and its affiliates. But the core failure in all of these stories is the fact that no one working in any of these mainstream broadcast networks had dared question the narrative. Rather than actually doing what their job supposedly is   investigating the facts and providing a healthy level of skepticism of politically motivated events and  trends  that supposedly spring up out of nowhere   they all simply repeated what was on the memo.So after all that spinning, it turns out the Donald Trump may be correct   and the media, the ADL, the Southern Poverty Law Center, the Anne Frank Center and every other mouthpiece for the Israeli Lobby   were all wrong on this issue. Regarding this week s arrest of the 19 yr-old Israeli man, the Washington Post adds:The FBI handed over the information to the Israel police after finding these threats had originated from Israel, Haaretz reported. The investigation began in several countries simultaneously after dozens of threatening calls were received at public places, events, synagogues and community buildings that caused panic and disrupted events and activities in various organizations,  the Israel police said in a statement. The result of the threats made by the suspect had caused damage to the communities and to their security and in one case when threats were made by the suspect, caused an airline to make an emergency landing. The Israel police said the suspect had used advanced camouflage technologies when contacting the institutions and making those threats. The youth s computers were seized and he was brought in for arraignment before an Israeli court.Maybe the media should be more careful before jumping to conclusions about WHO is responsible for events that suddenly appear in our news feeds. That includes jumping to conclusions about the ever popular talking point of  ISIS-inspired terror attacks in the US, UK, France, and Germany. More often than not, all is not what it seems.READ MORE ISRAEL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Israel FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22155,Media Links Domestic Drone Surveillance to Trump with ZERO Evidence,"21st Century Wire says This is why nobody takes the mainstream media seriously.Foreign Policy has released a new article hyping up the dangers of mass surveillance, specifically talking about the relatively unknown National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. It talks of the potential for drones to be able to track the movements of every person in a city, and 90% of the article is solely concerned with generating fear.Then, in literally the final two paragraphs the author links the fear and problems, which they have just spent the previous twelve paragraphs hyping up, saying that Trump could use these systems against,  innocent American citizens . This is not journalism.Stuart J. Hooper examines the propaganda piece in the following video, and also discusses which candidate Foreign Policy supported during the election. Can you guess who it was? READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22156,"Shaquille O’Neal: “The Earth is flat. Yes, it is.”","21st Century Wire says No, it is not.Retired basketball megastar Shaquille O Neal has stated that he believes the world is flat.Stuart J. Hooper explains the reasoning Shaq uses to support his claim, and asks if the flat Earth theory has been planted into the alternative news community to discredit the legitimate work that it is doing.Watch the video report here: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22157,Billionaire ‘Bilderberger’ David Rockefeller dead at 101," The Trilateral Commission is international and is intended to be the vehicle for multinational consolidation of the commercial and banking interests by seizing control of the political government of the United States. The Trilateral Commission represents a skillful, coordinated effort to seize control and consolidate the four centers of power   political, monetary, intellectual and ecclesiastical.      Senator Barry Goldwater, from his book  With No Apologies 21st Century Wire says Controversial globalist and banker David Rockefeller has died at 101 years of age.Rockefeller has been described as a philanthropist and banker, yet much of his legacy will forever be tied to the creation of the well-known think-tank the Council on Foreign Relations, The Trilateral Commission and his central role on the steering committee for the secretive Bilderberg Group established in 1954.The Bilderberg Group has often been passed off as an insignificant gathering of corporate CEO s, barons of oil, government top brass and royalty   most mainstream outlets still continue to mask the group s influence on foreign policy and world finance   but thankfully their exploits have been slowly uncovered with each passing year, as the list of attendees seem to change and grow with each new conference location.For those who still doubt there s a hidden element directing global interests, one only needs to look into the high-powered pursuits of Bilderberg attendees that have been linked to creating a multi-national sovereignty override through many transnational corporations with world trade partnerships like the Transatlantic partnership (TTIP) and Transpacific partnership (TPP), which now excludes the US via an executive order from Donald Trump.The following passage is from the NY Times: He spent his life in the club of the ruling class and was loyal to members of the club, no matter what they did,  The New York Times columnist David Brooks wrote in 2002, citing the profitable deals Mr. Rockefeller had cut with  oil-rich dictators,   Soviet party bosses  and  Chinese perpetrators of the Cultural Revolution. There was also an immense sphere of influence held by various power-hungry groups such as The Trilateral Commission, brought to fruition in 1973 by David Rockefeller and perennial foreign policy advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski. The Commission was also joined by fellow Bilderberg attendee and longtime policy advisor Henry Kissinger. Contrary to what most people think   the vast majority of The Trilateral Commission s members have been from countries outside of America.Rockefeller, like George Soros, is ultimately tied to globalism and vast social engineering programs.More from RT below  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Billionaire banker David Rockefeller dies aged 101RTRockefeller died in his sleep at home in Pocantico Hills, New York, on Monday morning as a result of congestive heart failure, according to a family spokesperson Fraser P. Seitel.The businessman, who had an estimated fortune of $3 billion, retired as head of Chase Manhattan in 1981 after a 35-year career.In the statement from the The Rockefeller Foundation confirming his death, Rockefeller was described as  one of the most influential figures in the history of American philanthropy and finance, considered by many to be  America s last great international business statesman .   Rockefeller, also known as  the banker s banker , according to the statement, is said to have donated almost $2 billion over his lifetime to various institutions including Rockefeller University, Harvard University and art museum.David was the youngest of six children born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. and the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller.Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. Appointed president of Chase Manhattan in 1961, he became chairman and CEO eight years later.RT continues here READ MORE ON SOCIAL ENGINEERING: 21st Century Wire Social Engineering FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22158,What Is Going On With The Secret Service?,"21st Century Wire says This is a string of disturbing stories.Over just the past week or so, the floor plans to Trump Tower were stolen from the car of a Secret Service agent, an intruder was loose on the grounds of the Whitehouse for 16 minutes before being arrested, and a driver approached a Whitehouse checkpoint and claimed he had a bomb in his vehicle.Stuart J. Hooper asks why these events are occurring in the following video report, he considers if the Secret Service itself is compromised or if the hysterical environment in which we find ourselves is leading to an influx of people attempting to harm Trump.Watch the video here: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22159,Why Has Donald Trump Abandoned the Foreign Policy That Won Him the Election?,"21st Century Wire says President Trump is drifting further into Neoconservative land, and very soon there will be no turning back.Although you wouldn t know it from the US media blackout   the US has quietly deployed upwards of 4,000 combat troops in Syria   in total violation of both US and international law.Upon closer examination, however, Trump s foreign policy is fast resembling Israel s foreign policy.This is exactly what candidate Trump promised he wouldn t do  Doug Bandow The National InterestCandidate Donald Trump offered a sharp break from his predecessors. He was particularly critical of neoconservatives, who seemed to back war at every turn.Indeed, he promised not to include in his administration  those who have perfect resumes but very little to brag about except responsibility for a long history of failed policies and continued losses at war.  And he s generally kept that commitment, for instance rejecting as deputy secretary of state Elliot Abrams, who said Trump was unfit to be president.Substantively candidate Trump appeared to offer not so much a philosophy as an inclination. Practical if not exactly realist, he cared more for consequences than his three immediate predecessors, who had treated wars as moral crusades in Somalia, the Balkans, Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Syria. In contrast, Trump promised:  unlike other candidates for the presidency, war and aggression will not be my first instinct. Yet so far the Trump administration is shaping up as a disappointment for those who hoped for a break from the liberal interventionist/neoconservative synthesis.The first problem is staffing. In Washington people are policy. The president can speak and tweet, but he needs others to turn ideas into reality and implement his directives. It doesn t appear that he has any foreign policy realists around him, or anyone with a restrained view of America s international responsibilities.Rex Tillerson, James Mattis and H. R. McMaster are all serious and talented, and none are neocons. But all seem inclined toward traditional foreign policy approaches and committed to moderating their boss s unconventional thoughts. Most of the names mentioned for deputy secretary of state have been reliably hawkish, or some combination of hawk and centrist Abrams, John Bolton, the rewired Jon Huntsman Continue this story at The National InterestREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22160,"Trump, Liberal Hypocrisy & Humanity’s Future","21st Century Wire says Here s an epic discussion for your Sunday afternoon.Last week, Stuart J. Hooper travelled to Los Angeles and met with YouTube star Hamish  The Illusion  Patterson; who holds a particularly interesting view on reality.The two also had an epic discussion on the current state of politics, hidden technology, our future on Mars, and the hypocrisy of so-called liberals protesting against Trump who had no problem at all with what Obama was doing, like sending Libya back to the stone age, in the past eight years.Check out the full discussion here: You can follow Hamish on Youtube, Facebook and Instagram.SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22161,Trump’s Awkward First Date with Frau Merkel,"21st Century Wire says It was an awkward fit of nerves when Donald met Angela  During an interview in October 2015, when asked about Chancellor Merkel s open door refugee policy, Trump famously replied,  I always thought Merkel was, like, this great leader  What she s done in Germany is insane,  before adding,  They re going to have riots in Germany. This was followed by a number of other disparaging remarks, including the obligatory Twitter rant from then candidate Trump:I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2015It didn t end there either. In March 2016, when commenting on the Cologne New Year s Eve sexual assaults, Trump proceeded to blame Merkel.  The German people are going to riot. The German people are going to end up overthrowing this woman [Angela Merkel]. I don t know what the hell she is thinking. With so much bad water under the bridge, it s no wonder how at their press conference the normally bolshy Trump continued to appear sheepish in Merkel s presence   a far cry from the campaign trail Vaudeville atmosphere.It s the difference between campaigning and governing  READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22162,Secret Service Laptop Reportedly ‘Stolen’ had Trump Tower Layout and Clinton Email Probe Details,"21st Century Wire says A laptop was reportedly stolen from a Secret Service agent s vehicle in Brooklyn earlier today. The computer allegedly contained details surrounding the Hillary Clinton email probe, the layout to Trump Tower and other information vital to national security. In this age of America s new and improved trial by media format, you can expect a litany of unfounded accusations concerning the stolen Secret Service laptop.QUESTION: Who stands to benefit the most from the allegedly stolen laptop? And was it really stolen?More from the Daily News below . By Ellen Moynihan Rocco Parascandola A laptop computer containing floor plans for Trump Tower, information about the Hillary Clinton email investigation and other national security information was stolen from a Secret Service agent s vehicle in Brooklyn, police sources told the Daily News.Authorities have been frantically searching for the laptop since it was stolen Thursday morning   and are trying to determine if the thief knew what he was taking or randomly targeted the agent s vehicle.NYPD cops were assisting in the investigation but had scant information on exactly what s on the laptop, sources said. The Secret Service is very heavily involved and, citing national security, there s very little we have on our side,  a police source said.  It s a very big deal. There s data on there that s highly sensitive,  the source said.  They re scrambling like mad. Daily News continues here READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21WIRE Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22163,CLOAKED ORDER: Who’s Really Behind ‘New Authority’ for CIA Drone Strikes?,"21st Century Wire says Earlier this week, the mainstream media reported that the Trump administration granted the CIA a new  secret  authority broadening their ability to conduct drone strike operations against suspected terrorists. The new drone provision said to be without oversight from the Pentagon, was brought to our attention by  unnamed  sources published in the Wall Street Journal  But is this the full story?As big media rushed to condemn the Trump administration over the supposedly brand  new drone policy given to the CIA, the public has been left without a complete picture.While the new powers allowing the CIA to conduct larger-scale drone operations overseas should be of concern to the public   you have to wonder if it was truly issued by the Trump administration or already under place during the Obama administration.While it s no secret that Trump has openly discussed being tough on terror and might be involved with the CIA drone order in some capacity, we should also consider the fact that many Obama and Democratic Party loyalists would like nothing more than to paint the new president in a less than agreeable light, potentially looking to create a political tripwire to derail his first term.Over the past few years the Obama administration was said to be shifting more drone operations away from the CIA   but was that what really happened?In 2015, the NY Post published the following: President Obama secretly granted the Central Intelligence Agency more flexibility to conduct drone strikes targeting terror suspects in Pakistan than anywhere else in the world after approving more restrictive rules in 2013, according to a published report. The Wall Street Journal, citing current and former U.S. officials, reported that Obama approved a waiver exempting the CIA from proving that militants targeted in Pakistan posed an imminent threat to the U.S. In particular, the drone report outlined that while on the surface it appeared that Obama issued a directive to get rid of  signature strikes conducted by the CIA  many of the changes specified in the directive either haven t been implemented or have been works in progress. A signature strike can be conducted without presidential approval against any suspected militants.The NY Post then admitted that CIA had in fact a much broader latitude to target individuals under the Obama administration: The paper also reports that the CIA s Pakistan drone strike program was initially exempted from the  imminent threat  requirement until the end of U.S. and NATO combat operations in Afghanistan. The Bureau of Investigative Journalism reported the following drone statistics under Obama: Pakistan was the hub of drone operations during Obama s first term. The pace of attacks had accelerated in the second half of 2008 at the end of Bush s term, after four years pocked by occasional strikes. However in the year after taking office, Obama ordered more drone strikes than Bush did during his entire presidency. The 54 strikes in 2009 all took place in Pakistan.Strikes in the country peaked in 2010, with 128 CIA drone attacks and at least 89 civilians killed, at the same time US troop numbers surged in Afghanistan. Pakistan strikes have since fallen with just three conducted in the country last year. QUESTION: Is it possible that the CIA drone policy was just transferred from one administration to another?More from the Wall Street Journal below  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton). By Gordon Lubold and Shane Harris Wall Street JournalPresident Donald Trump has given the Central Intelligence Agency secret new authority to conduct drone strikes against suspected terrorists, U.S. officials said, changing the Obama administration s policy of limiting the spy agency s paramilitary role and reopening a turf war between the agency and the Pentagon.The new authority, which hadn t been previously disclosed, represents a significant departure from a cooperative approach that had become standard practice by the end of former President Barack Obama s tenure: The CIA used drones and other intelligence resources to locate suspected terrorists and then the military conducted the actual strike. The U.S. drone strike that killed Taliban leader Mullah Mansour in May 2016 in Pakistan was the best example of that hybrid approach, U.S. officials said.The Wall Street Journal continues here READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22164,"BEYOND MISSION CREEP: U.S. Planning to Send 1,000 More Ground Troops into Syria"," Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireJust as 21WIRE reported last week   the US mainstream media are still black-balling any substantial reporting about US boots on the ground in Syria. Instead, America s media are obsessing over Trump s tax returns, various Russian conspiracy theories, and Michael Flynn s Moscow public speaking engagement in 2015. With this latest Pentagon announcement of an additional 1,000 US troops to Syria, that would bring the total combat deployment to approximately 4,000 inside of Syria.Considering the amount of media coverage and political debate over the 5,000 US military personnel send to Iraq over the last 3 years   one must ask why the silence in US media about the stealth build-up for a major battle in Raqqa, Syria.Previously, 21WIRE reported how the United States has sent in combat troops to support YPG fighters (Kurdish People s Protect Units in Syria)   much to the dismay of Turkey, and to the annoyance of both Russian and Syrian planners. Turkey has been pressing the US to change its strategy for fighting Islamic State in Syria by abandoning the YPG whom it deems as terrorists (in league with the Kurdish PKK in Turkey).The other aspect of this is being ignored by western media and their legion of panel  experts . There are a number of rival factions and militias being backed by the US besides the Syrian Democratic Forces (comprised of Kurdish YPG). the US-led Coalition have substantial investments in Sunni extremist (terrorist) fighting groups allied under the Al Nusra (al Qaeda in Syria) umbrella. Consider how back in late 2015, the US deployed 5o US Special Forces in Syria as  human shields    arguably to salvage its  rebels assets being ravaged by Russian airstrikes.After the Coalition s epic loss when Al Nusra-led brigades were driven out of terrorist stronghold in East Aleppo, one must ask if there an element of this in US positioning around Manbij and Raqqa?With so many stakeholders, the margin for error is extremely thin. The situation is fraught with risks for all parties. NOTE: This is taking place amid a political storm in Washington   as the entire Democratic Party, half the Republican Party and the whole of the US mainstream media are all trying to bring down the Trump Administration. If Raqqa is deemed a success, it will effectively give Trump a win. If it is deemed a disaster, then it will be used to fuel the anti-Trump resistance in the US. If the White House is too desperate for a win, then the prospect of a mistake or miscalculation becomes ever riskier. If a major world war is to be triggered   it could very well happen here. Clearly, the US and others are planning a massive operation to lay siege to Raqqa, the ISIS stronghold in Syria. However, if the other similar allied operation in Mosul, Iraq is anything to go by, then expect massive civilian  casualties in this battle too. The civilian carnage has been mostly censored from mainstream in the US and Europe, the  Coalition  are afraid of the negative public relations backlash in the event that western public received too much negative news about the haphazard operation in Mosul.  After early reports of massive civilian casualties in late 2016, it seems that the Pentagon have given the order to mainstream editorial desks to back off on negative reporting. How else can we explain how hundreds, and possibly thousands, of civilians killed in this month alone   has managed to escape any and all media scrutiny?To underline this matter, yesterday, Human Rights Watch issued two new reports accusing Iraqi troops of using indiscriminate shelling into civilian areas in the fight to liberate Mosul from ISIS control.Based these recent reports, it s becoming more clear that US-led Coalition is sacrificing civilians in their objective to target ISIS fighters.To make matters worse, ISIS, like Al Nusra terrorists in Aleppo, have been using Mosul civilians as human shields. The only difference in this comparison is that western media were condemning the Syrian and Russian militaries for their anti-terror operations in Aleppo, while giving a free pass to clear US Coalition atrocities against civilians in Mosul.Forget about any word from the US State Dept. either   as they run point on the cover-up: The other conversation which has been deemed off limits by US and western media   is the fact that this US deployment inside of Syria is completely illegal under every international law, as well as in total violation of the US Constitution. US were not invited by the Syrian government   therefore, like its fellow NATO member Turkey, the US has effectively invaded Syria.US involvement in Syria is now way past mission creep.More on more US troops in Syria from the Washington Post .  . Thomas Gibbons-Neff Washington PostThe U.S. military has drawn up early plans that would deploy up to 1,000 more troops into northern Syria in the coming weeks, expanding the American presence in the country ahead of the offensive on the Islamic State s de facto capital of Raqqa, according to U.S. defense officials familiar with the matter.The deployment, if approved by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and President Trump, would potentially double the number of U.S. forces in Syria and increase the potential for direct U.S. combat involvement in a conflict that has been characterized by confusion and competing priorities among disparate forces.Trump, who charged former president Barack Obama with being weak on Syria, gave the Pentagon 30 days to prepare a new plan to counter the Islamic State, and Mattis submitted a broad outline to the White House at the end of February. Gen. Joseph Votel, head of U.S. Central Command, has been filling in more details for that outline, including by how much to increase the U.S. ground presence in Syria. Votel is set to forward his recommendations to Mattis by the end of the month, and the Pentagon secretary is likely to sign off on them, according to a defense official familiar with the deliberations.While the new contingent of U.S. troops would initially not play a combat role, they would be entering an increasingly complex and dangerous battlefield. In recent weeks, U.S. Army Rangers have been sent to the city of Manbij west of Raqqa to deter Russian, Turkish and Syrian opposition forces all operating in the area, while a Marine artillery battery recently deployed near Raqqa has already come under fire, according to a defense official with direct knowledge of their operations.The moves would also mark a departure from the Obama administration, which resisted committing more ground troops to Syria.The implementation of the proposed plan, however, relies on a number of variables that have yet to be determined, including how much to arm Kurdish and Arab troops on the ground, and what part regional actors, such as Turkey, might have in the Raqqa campaign Continue this story at The Washington PostREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22165,Boiler Room #101 – St. Patrick’s Cyber-pocalypse with John McAfee,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Funk Soul, Randy J & Stewart Howe (ACR/21WIRE contributors) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and first episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the crew.Tonight the gang has a surprise visit from former libertarian Presidential nominee hopeful and technology guru, John McAfee to discuss the significance of the Vault7 data dump, the ludicrous concept of  Russian hacks  on the DNC & 2016 Election, the utter loss of all privacy and the potential of cyber-false-flags in the new age of warfare.Listen to  Boiler Room #101   St. Patrick s Cyber-pocalypse with John McAfee  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #101Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22166,NEOCON FILES: The Kagans Are Back – Wars to Follow,"Consortium News Exclusive: The neocon royalty Kagans are counting on Democrats and liberals to be the foot soldiers in the new neocon campaign to push Republicans and President Trump into more  regime change  wars  Robert Perry Consortium News The Kagan family, America s neoconservative aristocracy, has reemerged having recovered from the letdown over not gaining its expected influence from the election of Hillary Clinton and from its loss of official power at the start of the Trump presidency.Back pontificating on prominent op-ed pages, the Family Kagan now is pushing for an expanded U.S. military invasion of Syria and baiting Republicans for not joining more enthusiastically in the anti-Russian witch hunt over Moscow s alleged help in electing Donald Trump.In a Washington Post op-ed on March 7, Robert Kagan (photo,left), a co-founder of the Project for the New American Century and a key architect of the Iraq War, jabbed at Republicans for serving as  Russia s accomplices after the fact  by not investigating more aggressively.Then, Frederick Kagan, director of the Critical Threats Project at the neocon American Enterprise Institute, and his wife, Kimberly Kagan, president of her own think tank, Institute for the Study of War, touted the idea of a bigger U.S. invasion of Syria in a Wall Street Journal op-ed on March 15.Yet, as much standing as the Kagans retain in Official Washington s world of think tanks and op-ed placements, they remain mostly outside the new Trump-era power centers looking in, although they seem to have detected a door being forced open.Still, a year ago, their prospects looked much brighter. They could pick from a large field of neocon-oriented Republican presidential contenders or   like Robert Kagan   they could support the establishment Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, whose  liberal interventionism  matched closely with neoconservatism, differing only slightly in the rationalizations used for justifying wars and more wars.There was also hope that a President Hillary Clinton would recognize how sympatico the liberal hawks and the neocons were by promoting Robert Kagan s neocon wife, Victoria Nuland (photo, left), from Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs to Secretary of State.Then, there would have been a powerful momentum for both increasing the U.S. military intervention in Syria and escalating the New Cold War with Russia, putting  regime change  back on the agenda for those two countries. So, early last year, the possibilities seemed endless for the Family Kagan to flex their muscles and make lots of money.A Family BusinessAs I noted two years ago in an article entitled  A Family Business of Perpetual War :  Neoconservative pundit Robert Kagan and his wife, Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, run a remarkable family business: she has sparked a hot war in Ukraine and helped launch Cold War II with Russia and he steps in to demand that Congress jack up military spending so America can meet these new security threats. This extraordinary husband-and-wife duo makes quite a one-two punch for the Military-Industrial Complex, an inside-outside team that creates the need for more military spending, applies political pressure to ensure higher appropriations, and watches as thankful weapons manufacturers lavish grants on like-minded hawkish Washington think tanks. Not only does the broader community of neoconservatives stand to benefit but so do other members of the Kagan clan, including Robert s brother Frederick at the American Enterprise Institute and his wife Kimberly, who runs her own shop called the Institute for the Study of War. But things didn t quite turn out as the Kagans had drawn them up. The neocon Republicans stumbled through the GOP primaries losing out to Donald Trump and then   after Hillary Clinton muscled aside Sen. Bernie Sanders to claim the Democratic nomination   she fumbled away the general election to Trump.After his surprising victory, Trump   for all his many shortcomings   recognized that the neocons were not his friends and mostly left them out in the cold. Nuland not only lost her politically appointed job as Assistant Secretary but resigned from the Foreign Service, too Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE NEOCON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NeoCon FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22167,What?! John McCain says Rand Paul is “Working for Putin”,"21st Century Wire says The fake news continues.Today, John McCain accused Rand Paul of  working for Putin , because he objected to the expansion of NATO via the membership of Montenegro.In the following video, Stuart J. Hooper examines the other nefarious activities John McCain has been involved with and asks why anybody in their right mind would still vote for him? READ MORE ON  FAKE NEWS  AT: 21st Century Wire Fake News FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22168,Introducing: Hamish “The Illusion” Patterson,"21st Century Wire says Welcome to Spaceship Earth.This past week, Stuart J. Hooper took a trip to Los Angeles, California and got the chance to meet up with YouTube star Hamish  The Illusion  Patterson.The Illusion has made over 1,200 videos covering everything from current events, to the nature of the universe, and his journey through sobriety.In the coming days, look for a hour and a half long discussion with Stuart and Hamish covering the state of the world and current political events.In this initial video, The Illusion introduces his worldview and philosophy: You can follow Hamish on Youtube, Facebook and Instagram.SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22169,EP #17: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Parallax Politics in DC’ with guest Daniel Faraci,"Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and globally at Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode #17 This week we cover MSNBC and Rachel Maddow s epic Geraldo Moment, along with more palace intrigue in Washington, as the House prepares for its much anticipated  Russian Hearings  starting next week. What does this mean for America s new President? We ll find out Tonight, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by political and international affairs analyst, Daniel Faraci, Director of Grassroots Political Consulting based in Washington DC, to discuss the latest issues, obstacles and political power struggles embroiling the Trump White House, as well as some potentially major foreign policy rifts emerging   as a result of additional US troops deployed inside of Syria this week, and also serious problems facing Saudi Arabia over their military operations in Yemen.Tonight we ll talk about what this means going forward in 2017. Listen Listen to  EP 17: Patrick Henningsen LIVE With Daniel Faraci  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 9pm to 10pm MST, post-drive time and after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22170,MSNBC #FakeNews Fail: Desperate Rachel Maddow Springs Trump’s Tax Trap,"This was Rachel Maddow s Geraldo Rivera moment. On Tuesday night the shrill MSNBC host baited audiences with an extended monologue, where she could be seen wringing her hands in anticipation of  the big one    a scene of hype and overindulgence by the media which was reminiscent of Geraldo Rivera  epic flop, Al Capone s Vaults which aired back in 1986.What followed was almost too ridiculous to comment on. This was mainstream media fake news at its absolute finest.Maddow shows up on air holding the cover pages of Donald Trump s 2005 federal income tax returns. The only problem was that it showed Trump paying more tax than most people   he paid $38 million in federal taxes on only $150 million in income that year   a higher rate than was paid by Bernie Sanders, Barack Obama, and even MSNBC itself.Newsbusters reports:  Wednesday afternoon, MSNBC s Rachel Maddow gave an interview to the Associated Press defending her actions following her epic fail regarding the tease and reveal of President Trump s 2005 tax returns by blaming viewers for overblowing the revelation. Maddow spoke to the AP s David Bauder (who, to be transparent, has frequently cited and quoted members of the MRC in the past) and, in Bauder s summation,  says that if people felt let down by her story about President Donald Trump s 2005 tax document it s more because of the weight of expectation than anything she did. Bauder noted how a tweet from her account 90 minutes prior to her show  set off a social media frenzy  and thus  expectations were sky high. It turns out that these  leaked  IRS papers were placed in the mailbox of none other than one of Hillary Clinton s anointed campaign journalists, Michael Cay Johnston   who, with the help of Amy Goodman at Democracy Now! last summer, promoted the accusation that then presidential candidate Trump has committed tax fraud. It appears that Johnston was so excited to be the first to get a hold of at least part of Trump s tax returns that he didn t bother to consider that a Trump operative may have place this big find in his mail box.Watch as Maddow and Johnston labor over this non-story, in one of the most hyped media fails in recent memory: SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22171,The Corporate Plantation: NCAA College Sports Oligopoly,"James Hall 21st Century WireThe obsession over sports, long analyzed as half-crazed, defies logical explanation. Even so, it is undeniable that organized athletics is big business. This standard certainly applies to professional leagues, but often it is overlooked just how much money is involved in  so called  amateur games at the college level.A Brief History of the National Collegiate Athletic Association s Role in Regulating Intercollegiate Athletics serves as a useful primer. Regulation of intercollegiate athletics may seem a desirable and necessary function to maintain the integrity of sport. In spite of this noble objective, the supervision of the NCAA over college athletics usually comes down to the excessive administration of football and basketball.Yes, men s games have a distinct advantage over the rest of the field. There is a simple reason, MONEY. The headline, NCAA approaching $1 billion per year amid challenges by players, screams louder than any fan packed stadium.  The NCAA made $912.8 million last year [in 2013], 84 percent of which came from one, three-week event: The Division I men s basketball tournament.  Not to be outdone, Forbes reviews The Economics of College Football: A Look At The Top-25 Teams  Revenues And Expenses. An important and salient point indicates that not all teams are equal.  Those teams who either have their own network or whose conferences have their own network have extra streams of revenue that boost their numbers. Since addictive hysteria affects the cash flow and inflates the bottom line, why should the NCAA reap such a large fee for providing auxiliary functions? In the end, it is an entertainment product not of their creation. Here is the NCAA reply to the question, How can the NCAA be a nonprofit organization when it generates so much revenue? The NCAA maintains its nonprofit status because it is an association of colleges and universities sharing a common academic mission. Every year, the NCAA and its members equip more than 460,000 student-athletes with skills to succeed on the playing field, in the classroom and throughout life. Awe yes, acclimating the student athlete to the revenue sharing of sports managers and career guidance comes at a very high price from the lordly master of matriculation into collegiate athleticism.Ever since the decision where a Judge rules against NCAA, the debate over student athlete s compensation heated up. U.S. District Judge Claudia Wilken, in a 99-page decision that followed a contentious three-week trial in June, ruled in favor of former UCLA basketball star Ed O Bannon and 19 others who sued the NCAA, claiming it violated antitrust laws by conspiring with the schools and conferences to block the athletes from getting a share of the revenues generated from the use of their images in broadcasts and video games. The injunction she issued allows players at big schools to have money generated by television contracts put into a trust fund to pay them when they leave.Wilken rejected the NCAA s arguments in defense of its economic model, saying the  justifications that the NCAA offers do not justify this restraint and could be achieved through less restrictive means  while preserving college sports competition. The New York Times frames the issue accordingly in How New N.C.A.A. Rules Will Work. Now, college officials argue, they will be able to provide better medical coverage for athletes, in addition to offering more robust scholarships. The athletes will be allowed to borrow against future earnings for insurance.But critics say that the changes amount to window dressing and that the fundamental unfairness of college sports   the N.C.A.A. and its members profit off athletes, who risk their bodies in competition, without giving them a fair share of the profits   remains unchanged. Swimming in a sea of salt water and not a drop to drink seems to be the plight of the superjock.For a sober viewpoint on the complexity of the problem, Michael Hiltzik makes the case that the NCAA antitrust ruling barely chips at college sports dysfunction. Wilken rejects the plaintiffs  proposal to allow student athletes to make commercial endorsements, because she accepts that the NCAA and its member schools should protect the students from  commercial exploitation.  In other words, the right to such commercial exploitation should be reserved only to the NCAA and its member schools.The reality of football and basketball players graduating into professional athletic careers makes a mockery of the NCAA s assertion, in its Division-I manual, that  student participation in intercollegiate athletics is an avocation. Lastly, look to the players themselves. Quarterback Kain Colter detailed the College Athletes Players Association position. You know those modern day gladiators, picking cotton on the gridiron or parquet floor plantation is part of learning from this educational experience. College athletes forming their first union, and calling NCAA  dictatorship gives that Big Apple spin to the make it anywhere theme for sharing box office receipts. Colter said the NCAA dictates terms to its hundreds of member schools and tens of thousands of college athletes, leaving players with little or no say about financial compensation questions or how to improve their own safety. That college football generates hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue only bolstered the argument for a union, he said. How can they call this amateur athletics when our jerseys are sold in stores and the money we generate turns coaches and commissioners into multi-millionaires?  Colter asked. One need not be a union supporter to recognize that talented athletic competitors have star appeal, and generate wheel barrels of money for their universities and the NCAA. Placing at risk their health and careers each time they perform as trained seals, demands equable compensation. Show Me The MONEY is a fair question that should not wait for a Jerry Maguire to arrange after turning pro. The NCAA only protects the corporatist institutions of syndicated media hype and itself, as an agent of sports marketing.The business of collegiate sports revenue generation may not rival the inequities of international finance; however, do not tell that to the rabid fan who lives and maintains an unbalanced perception of significance. There are many more of them; then there are of us.Read the entire article on the  Corporatocracy  archives at BATRREAD MORE SPORTING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sports FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22172,What Will Happen to Your Guns Under President Trump?,"21st Century Wire says Legacy note to Obama s ghost writer: Barack Hussein Obama will go down in the record books as the greatest gun salesmen of all time. Both Obama and his Attorney General Eric Holder embarked on one of the most aggressive, multi-pronged gun restriction political campaigns in US history. Hence, under President Obama, gun sales sky rocketed   driving up demand along with record levels on purchasing prices.That s right   Obama did more for the gun industry than Charlton Heston ever could.In the aftermath that bull market however, guns, both news and used, have since adopted some of the attributes of a commodity.As the market settles under a new Administration, expect a little more predicability  Josh Levine AZ CentralNow that we re more than a month into the Trump era, I m eager to see how the new administration, controversial legislation, and even heated Twitter exchanges about gun control affects firearm sales in the secondary market.Logic would tell me that sales will slow down. After all, gun sales soared during President Obama s eight years in office. A recent USA Today article I read stated that since Nov. 4, 2008, both Smith & Wesson Holding Corp. and Sturm, Ruger & Co. stock rose more than 1,000 percent. A similar trend was seen during the Clinton Administration as well.On the contrary, a recent Time article stated that gun ownership in the U.S. is the lowest it has been since 1978. Don t believe it? Apparently, the gun sales rose during the past eight years among gun owners buying more guns.Effects on AuctionsSo, how does this all shake out for the auction industry?You have to remember that the secondary market is different than retail. I think bidders will continue to seek out sporting, collectible, recreational and defensive guns at auctions because they know they can find quality firearms at a good value.There s also the matter of trust. Auction houses are FFL holders, and they must adhere to all state and federal laws.So far, it has been business as usual at our auction house, and prices for collectible guns continue to be strong.A 6 inch Colt Python.As an example, recently we sold a Colt Python that realized $3,000 with buyer s premium. They just continue to command top dollar.I m also seeing more Western guns selling at auction. Recently, we sold a Colt Single Action Army that realized $3,120 with buyer s premium. It had condition issues, but still performed well.These examples are Colt. However, other brands are fairing just as well. Browning, Remington, local favorite Ruger and Beretta have all been performing admirably.Even though gun owners and buyers may relax a lot under President Trump s tenure, I m not anticipating a sudden drop of interest in the guns we sell at auction. The Baby Boomers and older are downsizing and selling off their collections. And, no amount of tweets or controversial public policies will change that fact.The buyers may have been motivated by fear when it appeared that Hillary Clinton might win, but now I think they re motivated by pure collecting passion.Tips before purchaseIf you re in the market to purchase antique firearms, check used gun prices in the Blue Book of Gun Values as well as sites like LiveAuctioneers and Gunbrokers.com before placing a bid.Check the gun s condition in person or ask for the auction house to provide photos and a condition report if you are purchasing it online.Also, make sure you will clear a background check as most major auction houses will require a Federal background or NICS check, as it s known.If you re selling, don t despair. I don t think this new Trump era will make prices in the secondary market plummet. They may not be  huge  or  the best,  but I think they ll continue to be decent.Josh Levine owns J. Levine Auction & Appraisal in Scottsdale. Contact: josh@jlevines.com or @jlevines1 on Twitter.READ MORE 2nd AMENDMENT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2nd Amendment Files",0
22173,BIGGER THAN SNOWDEN: Wikileaks ‘Vault 7’ Classified CIA leak  – What Does It Mean?," He who controls the spice controls the universe.    Frank Herbert,  from the Dune seriesShawn Helton   21st Century WireOver the past week, much of the CIA s cyber hacking capabilities were allegedly laid bare by the Wikileaks  Vault 7  publication. According to the transparency seeking website, they ve published less than 1% of the intelligence regarding their Vault 7 series under the moniker Year Zero. All in all, the Wikileaks Vault 7 release is said to be the largest publication of classified intelligence in history. While there are still many unknowns associated with this latest CIA centered leak, there are a quite a few things to consider.Let s explore some of what we know to date and how it relates to other suspicious tech related stories over the past few years   YEAR ZERO   ZERO DAYS     Wikileaks discloses the CIA s cyber hacking capabilities   still no official comment from the intelligence agency. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Wikileaks  Vault 7 In 21WIRE s first report regarding the new revelations concerning Wikileaks Vault 7, we discussed how some of the content exposed in part one of Year Zero revealed what many in new media and other investigative fields have thought technologically possible for years.Here s a portion from the 21WIRE news alert mentioned above that describes the latest controversial publication by Wikileaks: WikiLeaks has released its largest ever publication of confidential documents on the Central Intelligence Agency. Entitled  Vault 7  and containing a password that echoed the alleged JFK quote  splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter it into the winds,  this leak comprises 8,761 documents and files from an isolated, high-security network situated inside the CIA s Center for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virginia. Year Zero , which is part one of the leak and conveniently named after a  zero day  exploit used by intelligence agencies, was gathered throughout 2016 and is said to be the  largest intelligence publication in history .Whilst a lot of the information and methodology outlined in  Year Zero  is of no surprise to security analysts and researchers since the Edward Snowden (image, left) revelations, once again the public has explicit confirmation of how one of the most powerful intelligence agencies in the world, aided by their international counterparts like GCHQ, have been infiltrating and scooping vast quantities of private information from Apple and Android devices right up to Samsung  Smart TV  technology where false  stand-by  modes and live microphones can be executed to record information and send it back to the appropriate servers. The  Year Zero  leaks a simple but cleaver play on the term zero day   something which is defined on Wikipedia as an undisclosed computer-software vulnerability that hackers can exploit to adversely affect computer programs, data, additional computers or a network. A zero day, zero hour exploit is said to leave a software author without the necessary time to correct coding or  workaround  actions of a particular hack or intrusive malware damage. (Image Source: daily express)According to Wikileaks and its editor-in-chief  Julian Assange, their most recent  treasure trove  of confidential files were obtained by a current or former CIA contractor, a story similar in scope and impact to the collection of documents dropped by former CIA/NSA contractor Edward Snowden but are said to be much larger.This time, the public has been given a glance inside the prism of the CIA s cyber hacking potential and data mining efforts similar to the NSA.In May of 2013, Snowden revealed information displaying that American citizens as well as other foreign nations throughout the world were subject to unprecedented levels of spying at the behest of the NSA. Massive data mining via XKeyScore and other similar applications proved to be very controversial particularly in America   as it seemed to be in direct contradiction to the US Constitution s 4th Amendment.Over the past decade other aspects of NSA spying activities were revealed under the George W Bush administration in 2005 and further brought to light by Mark Klein, a former AT&T technician who exposed how the multinational telecommunications company was working with the intelligence community to collect the public s data.In 2011, Gadgets and Gizmos reported the following: The recent Web 2.0 2011 conference in San Francisco saw the issue made public and now the worry is that private information could be obtained by third parties using this secretly stored data.Once the data is accessed it can even be downloaded onto an interactive map which shows where the owner of the device has been lately. So far the best way to avoid this causing a problem is to go into the settings menu and turn of the location services all together. The newly leaked Vault 7 documents identify specific cyber weapons, hacking systems, viruses and malware created by the CIA that can be used on just about anyone or any entity. This most assuredly will cause other countries to become more critical of the agency s cyber capabilities. By the looks of it, this is something that appears to be happening in Germany, as the Wikileaks docu-dump exposed an apparent CIA spy-hub in Frankfurt.Zero Hedge reports: The consulate was the focus of a German investigation into US intelligence capabilities following the 2013 revelation that NSA agents had tapped Chancellor Angela Merkel s phone.German daily  S ddeutsche Zeitung  reported the building was known to be home to a vast network of intelligence personnel including CIA agents, NSA spies, military secret service personnel, Department of Homeland Security employees and Secret Service employees. It reported the Americans had also established a dense network of outposts and shell companies in Frankfurt. Germany s reaction could prove to be more theatrical than that of true concern   only time will tell.If Vault 7 is to be accepted wholesale, it also reveals that since the 9/11 attacks the CIA has gained political and budgetary preeminence over the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA). The CIA found itself building not just its now infamous drone fleet, but a very different type of covert, globe-spanning force   its own substantial fleet of hackers.  Part and parcel to this, Wikileaks contends that CIA hackers have developed cyber weaponry to spy on people through cell phones, computers and smart TVs.According to  Year Zero  part one of the Wikileaks Vault 7 release: The increasing sophistication of surveillance techniques has drawn comparisons with George Orwell s 1984, but  Weeping Angel , developed by the CIA s Embedded Devices Branch (EDB), which infests smart TVs, transforming them into covert microphones, is surely its most emblematic realization.The attack against Samsung smart TVs was developed in cooperation with the United Kingdom s MI5/BTSS. After infestation, Weeping Angel places the target TV in a  Fake-Off  mode, so that the owner falsely believes the TV is off when it is on. In  Fake-Off  mode the TV operates as a bug, recording conversations in the room and sending them over the Internet to a covert CIA server. Interestingly, Wikileaks published a batch of classified CIA spy/hacking documents that not only include the privacy invading  Weeping Angel  developed by the clandestine agency to listen on microphones covertly but also ways the CIA has sought to remotely infect and control Microsoft Windows,  with viruses like  Hammer Drill  as well as automated infestation and control of CIA malware, such as  Assassin  and  Medusa. According to security analysts, the CIA has designed the covert methods listed above for hostile foreign actors. However, since the intelligence service has had a propensity of going rogue, these technological leaps made by the secretive agency should be a major concern to the general public.Over the past few decades there have been other spoken critics of intelligence services such as well-known journalist James Bamford and former high-ranking NSA official William Binney, both who have come forward to share the inner workings of the security world. The screenshot above from Wikileaks Vault 7 discusses CIA s techniques that can be used to frame other entities for a malware attack.Framing the Big Bear?One of the more curious details contained in Vault 7 were the revelations concerning the CIA s ability to mask any hacking  fingerprints that could potentially implicate the agency. Additionally, the secretive agency could also leave behind potential evidence that a cyber attack was carried out by a foreign body or nation. Here s another passage from the Wikileaks publication on the matter: Tradecraft DO s and DON Ts  contains CIA rules on how its malware should be written to avoid fingerprints implicating the  CIA, US government, or its witting partner companies  in  forensic review . QUESTION: Is it possible that the CIA could use its highly specialized malware to frame a foreign country for violating US national security?Zero Hedge reported the following Wikileaks information concerning the CIA s ability to bypass device encryption before it can be applied as well as mask itself from forensic review via its own entity, the Center For Cyber Inteliigence (CCI):Among the more notable disclosures which, if confirmed,  would rock the technology world , the CIA had managed to bypass encryption on popular phone and messaging services such as Signal, WhatsApp and Telegram. According to the statement from WikiLeaks, government hackers can penetrate Android phones and collect  audio and message traffic before encryption is applied. Another profound revelation is that the CIA can engage in  false flag  cyberattacks which portray Russia as the assailant. Discussing the CIA s Remote Devices Branch s UMBRAGE group, Wikileaks  source notes that it  collects and maintains a substantial library of attack techniques  stolen  from malware produced in other states including the Russian Federation. Here s an image originally published by Wikileaks Vault 7 that displays the CIA s Center For Cyber Intelligence apparatus With claims of alleged Russian hacking at the forefront of Western intelligence, let s take another look at how that meme started Prior to the 2016 US presidential race taking place the mainstream media along with the White House, set the stage for a massive PR push implicating Russia as a disrupting force for democracy   allegedly through Kremlin-sponsored hacking of US democratic institutions and through  sophisticated Russian propaganda. In August, the western media s claims against Russia began to hit overdrive, when the  New York Times s Moscow bureau was the target of an attempted cyber attack this month. But so far, there is no evidence that the hackers, believed to be Russian, were successful. Flash forward to September here and here, as well as early October in the lead up to President Obama s Russian Hack decree, the Clinton-friendly outlet, the NY Times, had all but solidified the Russian cyber-hack claims   but once again, without any definitive evidence or proof.Throw in another American  October surprise  in the form distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks, renewed calls for the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) internet, led to so-called cyber experts blaming the largest  hack on America  because of the inability to pass SOPA   in effect, reigniting the previously stalled SOPA in Washington DC, along with all of its draconian copyright law positions   all perfectly timed as mainstream reports regarding  fake news suddenly became all the rage across all forms of media.Will Vault 7 prove to shed light on other CIA related activities?The screenshot above from Wikileaks Vault 7 discusses the CIA S HIVE multi-platform software control system.DDoS AttacksIn October of 2016, I noted some of the suspicious activity surrounding America s biggest distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack that was said to be caused by the malware Mirai. Given that there was a  hardcoded blacklist  of certain government entities and major multinational companies/defense contractors from being attacked   its seems more likely that the attack was US government created: Interestingly, according to Bradley Barth, a senior reporter for the IT security online magazine SC, the Mirai (supposedly leaked on September 30th) contains a very unique subset of characteristics that will not attack certain IP addresses such as the Department of Defense (DoD), the US Postal Service and consumer giant General Electric (GE) due to its coding: An Imperva analysis of the source code revealed several unique traits, including a hardcoded blacklist of IPs that the adversary did not want to attack, perhaps in order to keep a low profile. Some of these IPs belonged to the Department of Defense, the U.S. Postal Service and General Electric (GE). Though SC claims that the makers of Mirai may have been trying to keep a low profile, the recent DDoS attack attributed to the malware was as high-profile as you can get   so this begs the question, what was the real reason the malware creators put an IP blockade on the DoD, the Postal Service and GE? Is it possible that the DDoS attack originated from whitehat hackers associated with the US government, a major US defense contractor like GE or some other intelligence service, possibly the CIA?  HACKED?    Michael Hastings death sparked a wave of controversial theories. (Image source: pinterest)CIA Hacking Tools Upon closer inspection of the Wikileaks Vault 7 release, we see that in addition to the public s privacy apparently being invaded through the CIA s ability to bypass encryption on Android and iOS phones, computers and smart TVs   there was also the Wikileaks revelations exposing the agency s development of vehicular control.Wikileaks Vault 7 stated the following stunning revelation: As of October 2014 the CIA was also looking at infecting the vehicle control systems used by modern cars and trucks. The purpose of such control is not specified, but it would permit the CIA to engage in nearly undetectable assassinations. It is this part of Year Zero that has revived the conspiracy surrounding the death of investigative reporter and war veteran Michael Hastings, who died after his Mercedes C250 coupe supposedly burst into a giant fireball in the early hours of June 18 2013. According to eyewitness accounts, Hastings was going at a high rate of speed as  sparks and flames  were seen before his fiery automobile crashed.The UK s Sun recently revisited the Hastings tragedy. Here s a passage of that report: Hastings   a vocal critic of government mass surveillance   had sent an email to colleagues and friends just 12 hours earlier, telling them he was onto a  big story  and was under investigation.The Buzzfeed and Rolling Stone contributor, 33, wrote: The Feds are interviewing my  close friends and associates . May be wise to immediately request legal counsel before any conversations or interviews about our news-gathering practices. I m onto a big story and need to go off the radar for a bit. WikiLeaks also tweeted after the crash to say Hastings had contacted its lawyer Jennifer Robinson just before his death, claiming the FBI was investigating him.The FBI took a  departure from normal policy  to deny that Hastings had ever been under investigation after receiving a barrage of calls about his death. The CIA has failed to confirm or deny the authenticity of the Vault 7 release, only deepening the mystery surrounding the death of Hastings.The question of CIA control over cars and trucks naturally leads us to what was revealed regarding high-tech avionics in recent years  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Uninterruptible Flight ControlIn my article entitled  FLIGHT CONTROL: Boeing s  Uninterruptible Autopilot System , Drones & Remote Hijacking, I noted the CIA s involvement in certain advancements in flight technology. Lets revisit a portion of that article describing the agency s involvement: On December 4th of 2006, it was announced that Boeing had won a patent on an uninterruptible autopilot system for use in commercial aircraft. This was the first public acknowledgment by Boeing about the existence of such an autopilot system.The new autopilot patent was reported by John Croft for Flight Global, with the news piece subsequently linked by a Homeland Security News Wire and other British publications around the same time. According to the DHS release, it was disclosed that  dedicated electrical circuits  within an onboard flight system could control a plane without the need of pilots, stating that the advanced avionics would fly the aircraft remotely, independently of those operating the plane: The  uninterruptible  autopilot would be activated   either by pilots, by onboard sensors, or even remotely via radio or satellite links by government agencies like the Central Intelligence Agency, if terrorists attempt to gain control of a flight deck. Continuing, I outlined the suspicious nature of both the MH370 disaster and that of MH17. Since then there have been a number of strange airline catastrophes including Germanwings 9525 and EygptAir MS804. Following the apparent  vanishing act  of Malaysian Airlines flight MH370, many investigators and researchers began to question the likelihood of such an event happening in today s high-tech world.At 21WIRE, we ve also looked into the unprecedented disappearance of MH370 and the subsequent downing of MH17, as certain details came to light regarding the history of the remote autopilot function installed within Boeing commercial airliners (a subject which also opens the door to the events of 9/11).The Boeing 777 along with other Boeing models, can in fact be flown remotely through the use of independent embedded software and satellite communication. Once this advanced system is engaged, it can disallow any pilot or potential hijacker from controlling a plane, as the rooted setup uses digital signals that communicate with air traffic control, satellite links, as well as other government entities for the remainder of a flight s journey.This technology is known as the Boeing Honeywell  Uninterruptible  Autopilot System. Has the CIA had the ability to remotely hack vehicles for much longer than we think?The Wikileaks release once again opens questions about 9/11, the deep state and what intelligence agencies have control over in the War on Terror era.  CLOAKED    What other blueprints will Wikileaks provide regarding the CIA s capabilities? (Image Source: offgraun)Public Privacy Vs. the  Deep State In an article detailing the encryption saga between Apple and the FBI, we stated that there are no guarantees in the security world, especially if a digital master-key were to be created, as this would potentially make it easier for invaders (either the government, or various hackers) mining for data moving forward into the future.If the CIA has been secretly data mining just like the NSA, they have unquestionably violated the public s constitutional rights and trust.Is this really what the CIA has been up too?In a 2016 the Guardian interviewed some of those involved in the technology and security sector. These individuals offered their thoughts regarding the government s continued encroachment on individual privacy. here s another look at that passage:Dan Kaminsky, the security expert who made his name with the discovery that one of the most basic parts of the internet, the domain name system, was vulnerable to fraud   disagrees:  Feds want final authority on engineering decisions, and their interests don t even align with fighting the vast bulk of real-world crime. Continuing, The Guardian interviewed former FBI agent Michael German, currently the Brennan Center, a judicial think-tank. The following is a part of that interview: After 9/11, you had this concept of total information awareness. The intelligence community was very enamoured of the idea that all information was available. Much like the NSA, they wanted to see it all, collect it all, and analyse it all. Western political leaders and their media arms often discuss the dangers of so-called terror sleeper cells residing in a nation near you, but none of them acknowledge or attempt to explain the historical fact that for decades, they themselves have helped to harbor, grow, foment and radicalize individuals through their own clandestine  counter-terrorism  operations.Many of these operations have directly implicated security agencies (and military alliances) such as the FBI, CIA, MI5, MI6 and NATO   in the production of real terror.While most of these counter intelligence operations have fallen under the umbrella of the so-called War On Terror era, they have also largely served to obfuscate the nature of various government programs that some critics suggest is the work of a  deep state  apparatus.QUESTION: Will there be a large public outcry regarding the lack of oversight over the CIA s spying and hacking capabilities?Watch below as 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen discusses the  NSA-like body  of the CIA on Peter Lavelle s Cross Talk show on RT In Summary The timely release of Vault 7 comes amid a flurry of wiretapping claims from President Donald Trump, while a review of US cyber capabilities and vulnerabilities is currently underway.Additionally, the Wikileaks Vault 7 publication revealed the following stunning information concerning the scope of the CIA s cyber capabilities previously unknown to the public: By the end of 2016, the CIA s hacking division, which formally falls under the agency s Center for Cyber Intelligence (CCI), had over 5000 registered users and had produced more than a thousand hacking systems, trojans, viruses, and other  weaponized  malware. Such is the scale of the CIA s undertaking that by 2016, its hackers had utilized more code than that used to run Facebook. The CIA had created, in effect, its  own NSA  with even less accountability and without publicly answering the question as to whether such a massive budgetary spend on duplicating the capacities of a rival agency could be justified. In 2012, then CIA Director David Petraeus, mused about the emergence of an  Internet of Things    that is, wired devices   at a summit for In-Q-Tel, the CIA s venture capital firm. The Wired magazine article continued, disclosing that the future of spying hinged on smart devices and a smart home: All those new online devices are a treasure trove of data if you re a  person of interest  to the spy community. Once upon a time, spies had to place a bug in your chandelier to hear your conversation. With the rise of the  smart home,  you d be sending tagged, geolocated data that a spy agency can intercept in real time when you use the lighting app on your phone to adjust your living room s ambiance. The public has long been prepped for the surreal level of surveillance we are only just beginning to understand, whether through books, film or tech magazines or by the government itself   the warning signs of lost privacy and protection have been hidden in plain sight for decades.Even still, Wikileaks Vault 7 shocks the avid researcher, writer and pundit as it gives further insight into the CIA s multi-pronged ability to distort the perception of the public, while vacuuming up all kinds of data.*** Author Shawn Helton is Associate Editor of 21st Century Wire, as well as an independent media forensic analyst specializing in criminal investigations and media coverage from war theaters. READ MORE WIKILEAKS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire WikiLeaks FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22174,"Boiler Room #100.2 – Part Duh! Wire Tapped, Reality For Sale & Conspiracy Theorist Swag","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Daniel Spaulding of Soul of The East, Funk Soul (ACR/21WIRE contributor) and Basil Valentine of Sunday Wire for the second chapter of the 100th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the crew. Tonight the gang is discussing American forces being sent into Syria, the utter insanity of the leftist media distracting their audience with false realities being sold to the highest bidder, the dilerbrate destruction of critical thinking among the population, Vault 7 releases from wikileaks and the wiretapping of (then) Presidential Candidate Trump.Direct Download Episode #100.2Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22175,‘A DELIRIUM IS SPREADING’ – The Left’s Great Russian Conspiracy Theory," The very people who for years talked about the problem of conspiracy theories have become the keenest spreaders of conspiracy theories. The people who spent the past few months banging on about the  post-truth  politics of Brexit and Trump have shown they don t have the first clue what truth is. The people who posed as champions of logic have revealed themselves as peddlers of paranoia  21st Century Wire says During last year s the election cycle, 21WIRE called-out the liberal establishment s whole  Russian Hack  conspiracy as a  hoax,  but even conservative media were too shy to go that far in condemning what is obviously one of the biggest put-ups in modern political history.As veteran journalist Robert Parry said this week on ACR s Patrick Henningsen LIVE show this past week, a madness  has set-in in Washington and throughout progressive liberal enclaves throughout America, as the opposition still clings to the desperate hope that some actual evidence to support their conspiracies theories about Trump and Russia will somehow manifest and provide a short-cut to his ouster.Hillary Clinton s internationalist tribe, American and European progressive left, is at the precipice  an entire block of society who may have lost their minds   and who could end up committed in a political bardo.Finally, some mainstream publications are beginning to come around to call it what it is, and that s much welcome.As they say, always better late than never Brendan O Neil Spectator The chattering classes have officially lost it. On both sides of the Atlantic.Of course they d been teetering on the cliff edge of sanity for a while, following the bruising of their beloved EU by 17m angry Brits and Hillary s loss to that orange muppet they thought no one except rednecks would vote for. But now they ve gone over. They re falling fast. They re speeding away from the world of logic into a cesspit of conspiracy and fear. It s tragic. Or hilarious. One or the other.Exhibit A: this week s New Yorker. It s mad. It captures wonderfully how the liberal-left has come to be polluted by the paranoid style of McCarthyist thinking since Trump s victory. It s a New Yorker for a future, dystopian America that s been captured by the Evil Empire. The mag s masthead is in Cyrillic and its famous dandy mascot   Eustace Tilley   has morphed into Putin. It s now Eustace Vladimirovich Tilley. This week's cover,  Eustace Vladimirovich Tilley,  by Barry Blitt: https://t.co/P43URkCLMy pic.twitter.com/sUunrilCf3  The New Yorker (@NewYorker) March 2, 2017Inside the mag it s even more feverish. A 13,000-word report,  Trump, Putin and the New Cold War,  is accompanied by a drawing of a deep-red, UFO-style Kremlin hovering over the White House and firing lasers into it. It s CGI Hollywood meets House Un-American Activities in an orgy of liberal dread over Ruskies ruining the nation.It used to be right-wingers who fretted over Russians and Reds and pinkos colonising Westerners  lives and minds. Now it s lefties. Trump is regularly called Putin s puppet. He s an unwitting agent  of Moscow, we re told. The New York Times even called him The Siberian Candidate, echoing the title of the 1962 thriller The Manchurian Candidate, in which an American is brainwashed by Korean Communists to become an assassin. That s how some seriously view Trump: a Putin-moulded foot soldier of Russian interests who ll assassinate the American way of life, if not American citizens. I mean, Vanity Fair actually asks:  Is Trump a Manchurian Candidate?  These people need a lie down. You have to get deep into the  New Yorker s prolix report to discover that US officials still haven t provided evidence for their claim that Putin ordered the hacking of Democrat emails in order to hurry Trump to power:  The declassified report [on Putin s meddling] provides more assertion than evidence. But that hasn t stopped the left McCarthyists, these Reds on the Web fearmongers, from buying into all kinds of claptrap about Putin putting Trump in the White House.In December, a YouGov survey of Democratic voters found that 50 percent of them think  Russia tampered with vote tallies to help Trump.  That is, White House-eyeing Putinites actually meddled with voting machines or ballot counts. There s no evidence whatever for this. In YouGov s words, it s an  election day conspiracy theory.  A kind of delirium is spreading.The spectre of Putinite meddling is now blamed for everything that doesn t go the liberal elite s way Continue this story at The SpectatorREAD MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22176,"Preparing to Invade: US Deploys Additional 2,500 Soldiers for ‘Syria and Iraq’","21st Century Wire says While the US media continues to lead the public up the garden path by allocating all of its coverage for Obamacare news, the US is quietly ramping-up its forces in the Middle East as the Pentagon quietly positions its assets on the ground in Syria   in preparation for the grand battle to  defeat ISIS. Besides the western media s near blackout of recent US Ranger and Marine deployments on the ground in Syria, what should also worry the public is how the amount of political pressure currently on the embattled Trump White House   might be influencing this Administration s desire to show  a win  militarily in Syria.Military officials spoke to Reuters this week, confirming that rapidly deployable forces in Kuwait are in fact in position as part of an operation to oust ISIS from Raqqa.Already, for months now, several hundred  Special Operations  troops have been embedded with local Kurdish forces.According to the Pentagon reports, at least 6,000 US troops (not including covert operations and private military contractors, possibly an additional 1,000 operatives) are currently operating in both Iraq and Syria.Watch this raw video of one regiment of US troops who arrived in Syria this week: How long until other US NATO allies also arrive with more troops and military assets in Syria?The big risk here could be that the rush to war might be ill-conceived, not to mention completely illegal under international law   considering the United States still refuses to open any dialogue with the sovereign nation state of Syria.In a recent article, 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen has commented in detail already about the apparent lack of coordination and competing agenda between the US, Turkey, Syria and Russia in northern Syria, including the potential for in-fighting between Coalition forces and their proxies.Meanwhile, the US-led Coalition continues to impose punitive sanctions against Syria, while US allies continue to arm and support numerous radical Wahabi terrorist militant groups who are still destablizing Syria and terrorizing its residents.Expect more assets to be deployed in the coming days and weeks   and more silence from the media Army TimesWASHINGTON   The U.S. military is sending an additional 2,500 ground combat troops to a staging base in Kuwait from which they could be called upon to back up coalition forces battling the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.The deployment will include elements of the 82nd Airborne Division s 2nd Brigade Combat Team, which is based at Fort Bragg in North Carolina. About 1,700 soldiers from the same unit are overseas now, spread between Iraq and Kuwait. They re focused on the U.S.-led effort to train and assist the Iraqi troops doing much of the fighting against ISIS there.These new personnel, however, will be  postured there to do all things Mosul, Raqqa, all in between,  Army Lt. Gen. Joseph Anderson, the Army s deputy chief of staff for operations, told House lawmakers Wednesday. He was referring to the Islamic State s two main strongholds: Mosul in Iraq and Raqqa in Syria, major urban centers where U.S.-back allies are fighting a well entrenched enemy. So the whole brigade will now be forward,  Anderson said.( ) There are a number of options under consideration as the coalition looks for ways to accelerate the defeat of ISIS,  it says.  We continue to believe that the most effective way to achieve a lasting victory is to do it by, with and through our partner forces who have the greatest stake in the outcome. For operational security reasons, we will not discuss future deployments or contingency operational planning. Continue this story at Army TimesREAD MORE PENTAGON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Pentagon FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22177,"CrossTalk: WikiLeaks Vault 7 with Guests Patrick Henningsen, Larry Johnson, Suzanne Nossel","21st Century Wire says Vault 7: what does it mean to America, and the expectations of of rights and privacy for the average citizen? Is the CIA s covert hacking program an affront to the US Constitution? Are we at as dark place in western a society?CrossTalk: Wikileaks strikes again. On full display are the CIA s spy tools and methods. Snowden provided a briefing book on U.S. surveillance, but the CIA leaks could provide the blueprints. And your Samsung TV and iPhone are a big part of this.  Host Peter Lavelle is CrossTalking with Larry Johnson, Suzanne Nossel, and Patrick Henningsen: SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22178,Boiler Room #100 – An Unlikely Alchemy,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Patrick Henningsen of 21WIRE, Funk Soul, Infidel Pharaoh, Andy Nowicki of Alt-Right Blogspot, Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis and Stewart Howe for the 100th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the crew. Tonight the gang is discussing the latest a myriad of news and main stream media shenanigans that have taken place since the last meeting of the ACR brain-trust know as THE BOILER ROOM.Listen to  Boiler Room #100   An Unlikely Alchemy  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #100Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22179,EP #16: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Official Washington Madness’ with guest Robert Parry,"Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and globally at Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode #16 This week we cover US boots on the ground in Syria, and the latest tribulation to befall America s new President Tonight, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest, author and founder of ConsortiumNews.com, Robert Parry, to discuss Washington s Triple Entente of Trump-Russian intrigue, Wire Tapping Allegations, and WikiLeak s latest CIA Hacking exposure. Some are calling this a bout of social and political madness that has set in   in the wake of Trump s shocking political upset. Can America come back from the brink? Tonight we ll talk about what this means going forward in 2017. Listen Listen to  EP 16: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with guest Robert Parry  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 9pm to 10pm MST, post-drive time and after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESREAD MORE WIKILEAKS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire WikiLeaks FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22180,TRUMPDOM: The Curious World of Trump’s Foreign Policy Explained,"Niraj Srivastava 21st Century WireIt is barely seven weeks since Donald Trump became the 45th President of the United States. Perhaps too early to figure out the details of America s foreign policy during his presidency. However, some broad contours of his policies are taking shape, which may provide pointers to what he is likely to do in the next four years.These pointers are based partly on what Trump said during his election campaign and partly on what has happened since he became President. Actually, quite a lot has happened in the last seven weeks or so, including considerable turbulence in US domestic and foreign policy.Before proceeding further, it may be useful to recall that Trump s victory in the Nov. 2016 elections was unexpected. Most opinion polls and the mainstream media (MSM) predicted victory for Hillary Clinton, who was the candidate of the US Establishment and the  Deep State  (DS), which includes the military-industrial complex, the intelligence agencies, the MSM, Wall Street, and the Jewish Lobby.The DS is a permanent, unelected, group of institutions, lobbies, and individuals which wields enormous power from behind the scenes and continues to do so irrespective of who is the President and which party controls the US Congress. It is driven by the quest for money and power, among other things.The present DS began taking shape almost thirty-five years ago when Jimmy Carter was President. There was a DS before that too, going back to the 1950s, which came into existence after the Second World War. However, it was much less powerful and entrenched than the present one. John F. Kennedy tried to defy it but did not succeed. Some believe he paid for it with his life.The collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 speeded up the consolidation of the current DS, which found that there was nobody to restrain the military power of the US. America could do what it liked. The 1990s also witnessed the emergence of a group of individuals known as the  neoconservatives,  or  neocons,  who believed in using the American military for global domination, irrespective of international laws or institutions, such as the UN.The first military adventure of the neocons was the illegal NATO bombing of the then Yugoslavia in 1999, which was carried out without UN approval. It resulted in the disintegration of the country. Russia was too weak to counter it militarily. Having gotten away with it, the US and NATO embarked upon a series of wars in the next fifteen years, aimed at  regime change  in countries whose leaders were not US allies.Thus, the US and its NATO allies invaded Iraq in 2003 to overthrow Saddam Hussain, bombed Libya and killed Qaddafi in 2011, intervened in Syria in 2011 to oust President Bashar al-Assad, effected regime change in Ukraine in 2014, and are currently involved in a very destructive war in Yemen along with Saudi Arabia.The US has therefore continuously been at war during the last fifteen years. Some of these wars are still continuing, with no end in sight. It is estimated that the US has lost more than 5000 soldiers and spent around US$ seven trillion to fight these wars. Tens of thousands of US soldiers have been injured, straining the social and economic fabric of the country.But these wars have also greatly benefited elements of the Deep State, who have made enormous amounts of money by selling weapons and other material needed to fight wars.  Follow the Money  is a useful dictum to identify these elements, for whom continuous warfare has become a way of life. And to sustain that, a powerful enemy is required.It is here that Russia comes in. Since Putin came to power in 1999, Russia has slowly but steadily nursed its economy and military back to health. Russia s resurgence has upset the neocons and other members of the DS, who had gotten used to unfettered use of American military to invade countries and overthrow regimes, as mentioned above.It was not a coincidence that Russia, and Putin personally, were strongly demonized by the DS during the US presidential campaign in 2016. Russia was accused of all types of subversion, including hacking the Democratic National Committee emails, hacking the elections themselves, and supporting Trump. Hillary Clinton s campaign theme was that Trump was a Russian agent.What is noteworthy is that not a shred of credible evidence was provided by Clinton or anyone else in the DS to support the above allegations. What was provided included fake news, unsubstantiated dossiers, and rumours. They failed to impress the voters, and Trump won the election by a comfortable margin.But the matter did not end there. Humiliated by the defeat of its candidate Hillary Clinton in the election, the DS has launched a campaign to undermine Trump s presidency, by promoting Russophobia and by portraying Russia and Putin as a threat to US security.It was necessary to provide the above background in order to interpret Trump s foreign policy moves since he took over as President. His policies relating to some major countries and issues will be analyzed.RussiaFirst, Trump s approach to Russia. During his election campaign, Trump had repeatedly said that he would work to normalize relations with Russia. He implied that Russia was not an enemy of the US, and could become a partner to find solutions to problems in certain countries.In particular, Trump said that the US and Russia could jointly fight the ISIS and other terrorist groups in Syria. He suggested that since President Assad was also fighting the ISIS in Syria, dislodging him, or  regime change,  was not a priority.Trump s attitude to Moscow flew in the face of what Hillary Clinton and the DS had been saying for a long time that Russia was an enemy which had to be deterred by overwhelming military power. Trump s detractors, therefore, could not accept his Russia Policy. They had to make sure that he did not abandon their hard line towards Moscow.They did so by targeting Gen. Michael Flynn, Trump s National Security Advisor (NSA). On 9th Feb., the Washington Post carried a story claiming that Flynn had spoken on the phone to the Russian Ambassador to the US before Trump s inauguration, and discussed US sanctions against Russia with him. It was also claimed that Flynn lied about the conversation to Vice President Pence.Under intense media and Congressional pressure, Trump asked Flynn to resign, which he did on 13th Feb. The Deep State had claimed its first victim and shown Trump what it could do if he deviated from its Russia Policy. Though Flynn had not violated any US law and done nothing to compromise US security, he had to resign because Trump could not stand up to the DS and buckled under pressure.But that was not the end of the matter. On 2nd March the Washington Post carried another story stating that Trump s Attorney General Jeff Sessions had spoken twice with the Russian Ambassador in 2016 when Sessions was a Senator and failed to disclose the same during his confirmation hearings.This time Trump defended Sessions and said he had done no wrong, which was true. Trump even went on the offensive stating that the really important issue was the illegal leaking of secret information by US intelligence agencies to the media, which he asked the FBI to investigate. Trump also alleged on 4th March that President Obama had ordered wiretapping of his phones in Trump Tower ahead of the 2016 election.After the attack on Flynn, Trump had realized that the final target of the DS was Trump himself. Flynn s removal was the opening salvo, and the attack on Jeff Sessions was the second. Trump reluctantly accepted that he had to fall in line with the agenda of the DS on Russia, Syria, Ukraine, and other issues. Otherwise, the DS might try to remove him by impeachment, on charges of treason and conspiring with an enemy state.Trump s changed approach to Russia was reflected in his appointment on Feb. 20 of General H.R. McMaster as NSA, in place of Flynn. McMaster sees Russia as a  hostile revisionist power,  and does not support normalization of relations with that country. The appointment of McMaster has been widely seen as an attempt by Trump to placate his enemies in the Deep State; it also reflects his apprehension that if he does not do the bidding of the DS, he might end up like Flynn.Trump has also proposed an increase in the Pentagon s budget by ten percent, amounting to about US$ 54 billion. That is equal to around eighty percent of Russia s entire military budget in 2015. The US expenditure on defense is about nine times that of Russia. These figures speak for themselves in the context of Russia s purported threat to the US.It is, therefore, safe to predict that Trump will abandon his objective to normalize relations with Russia, at least in public. He will depict Russia as a threat to US security and act accordingly. Thus, in the recent past, US troops have been deployed in Poland, Bulgaria, and Romania, while NATO troops have been sent to the Baltic states all on Russia s periphery. The White House has also asked Russia to  hand back Crimea to Ukraine. ChinaSecond, US relations with China. Trump raised Chinese hackles by speaking on the phone to the Taiwanese President soon after he was elected. China protested vigorously, eliciting a dismissive reaction from Trump, who said there was nothing wrong in receiving a congratulatory phone call from the Taiwanese President. China saw Trump s action as undermining the US s  One China  policy.During his confirmation hearings, US Secretary of State Tillerson said that China s activities in the South China Sea were not acceptable to the US, which will respond if China violates international law in that area. That cannot have pleased the Chinese.However, in the recent past, Trump has climbed down by reaffirming the US s  One China  policy and avoided making statements that could annoy the Chinese. He seems to have grasped China s importance globally, as well as the massive US economic stakes in that country.Nevertheless, it would not be surprising if US-China relations witness turbulence during Trump s tenure in office. China is also a designated enemy of the US Deep State because that helps increase the Pentagon s budget. The more the number of US enemies, the better for the DS.MexicoThird, Mexico. Trump had repeatedly promised during his election campaign that he would build a wall along the US-Mexico border to reduce illegal immigration from that country. What s more, he had also said he would ask Mexico to pay for the wall. Another issue that he had raised was NAFTA, which, according to him, was hurting the US economy, and needed to be scrapped.After assuming power Trump continued to repeat what he had said about the US-Mexico wall. This angered the Mexican President, who cancelled a scheduled visit to the US in end-January 2017. After that, Trump sent Secretary of State Tillerson and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly to Mexico on 23rd Feb. for damage control and normalization of relations. It is safe to say, however, that US-Mexico relations under Trump will continue to witness turbulence because Trump is serious both about the wall as well as NAFTA.IsraelFourth, Israel. In his approach to that country, Trump is proving to be even more pro-Israel than Hillary Clinton, who was the candidate of the Jewish lobby in the US. Trump s Israel Policy seems to be driven by his son-in-law Jared Kushner, an Orthodox Jew, whose wife Ivanka, Trump s daughter, converted to Judaism before marrying Kushner. During his election campaign, Trump had said that he would move the US embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited Washington in mid-Feb. 2017 to meet Trump. After their talks, Trump said that he would accept whatever the Israelis and the Palestinians decided between themselves  either a two or a one-state solution to the Palestinian issue. This was a significant departure from the official US and UN position on the issue a two-state solution based on the land-for-peace formula.By adopting the above position, Trump effectively washed his hands off the Israeli-Palestinian issue, leaving it to the Israelis to do whatever they liked, and abandoning the Palestinians to their fate. He has also sent a team of US officials to Israel to examine the feasibility of shifting the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, as promised by him.It is likely that during his presidency Trump will allow Israel to do what it wishes in the region, especially regarding the Palestinians, Syria, and Iran. That cannot be good for regional security.IranFifth, Iran. During his election campaign, Trump had repeatedly expressed his anti-Iran feelings and criticized the Iran nuclear deal engineered by Obama. On 6th March, Trump imposed a 90-day ban on travel to the US by Iranian nationals. As things stand, it would be safe to say that during his presidency, US-Iran relations will come under strain. His approach to Iran will also affect US policy in Syria.SyriaSixth, Syria. After becoming President, Trump has spoken about setting up  safe zones  in Syria which Obama had resisted because he did not want greater and direct US military involvement in that country. Trump has said that Syrian refugees should stay in  safe zones  in Syria, rather than migrating to Europe or America.If Trump insists on setting up  safe zones  in Syria, significant numbers of US troops will have to be deployed in the country, in addition to the hundreds of US special forces already present in seven or eight bases in northern and eastern Syria. That would also increase the chances of a deliberate or inadvertent confrontation between the US and Russian forces, who are already present in the country.European UnionSeventh, the European Union. Trump has taken steps to reassure the EU that the US commitment to NATO remains strong, though he insists that NATO members should contribute two per cent of their GDP to NATO s budget. Whether he would be able to enforce that remains to be seen. Under Trump, US relations with EU are unlikely to be as close and warm as they were during Obama s presidency. It is no secret that EU members would have been happier if Hillary Clinton were elected.ImmigrationEighth, immigration. Trump has linked his policy on immigration to the prevention of terrorism in the US. On 6th March, Trump signed an Executive Order banning travel to the US for 90 days by nationals of six Muslim-majority countries Iran, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen. Ironically, the US has been responsible for launching wars and destabilizing three of these countries Libya, Syria, and Yemen. The travel ban from these countries could not be more hypocritical and unjust.International Trade and GlobalizationNinth, international trade and globalization. Trump has promised to implement an  America First  policy which may clash with globalization and free trade. Soon after taking over, he scrapped the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and blamed NAFTA for migration of manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump s top priority during his tenure would be to fulfill his promise of bringing manufacturing jobs back to America. If, in the process, free trade and globalization are undermined, so be it.IndiaFinally, US-India relations. While campaigning, Trump spoke positively about India. The Indian diaspora in the US, particularly some Hindu community groups, organized fundraisers for Trump. He was quoted as saying:   I am a big fan of Hindu and India. Under the Trump administration, we are going to be even better friends. In fact, I would say we are going to be the best of friends. There won t be a relationship more important to us. Trump phoned Indian Prime Minister Modi five days after he was sworn-in as President, and described India as a  true friend and partner in addressing the challenges of the world. However, Trump s protectionist approach to trade may pose some problems for India, particularly regarding the H-1B visas, which are used by Indian software companies to send technical personnel for jobs in the US. It is possible that Trump may reduce the number of the visas or impose more stringent rules to obtain them. India has conveyed her concerns to the US side through various channels, and cannot do more than wait and see what Trump finally does. But it seems clear that he will give high priority to relations with India.This is how Trump s foreign policy looks at the moment. It is still early days, and things may play out differently. Only time will tell what actually happens.***Niraj Srivastava is a former Ambassador of India who has served in several countries including Syria, Libya, Saudi Arabia and the United StatesREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22181,BREAKING: Wikileaks To Give Tech Companies Exclusive Access To CIA Hack Tools,"21st Century Wire says Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has revealed at a press conference earlier today that WikiLeaks will give tech companies which suffered  billions of dollars of damage  when hacked by the CIA  exclusive access  to its technical expertise.Assange said the leaked information came from an isolated computer on the network at CIA headquarters in Virginia. He described the loss of the information as a  historic act of devastating incompetence. More on this report from RT  RTWikiLeaks will give tech companies which suffered  billions of dollars of damage  when hacked by the CIA  exclusive access  to its technical expertise, founder Julian Assange revealed at a press conference.Speaking in a livestream Thursday, Assange said the leaked information originated from an isolated computer, separated from others in the network, at CIA headquarters in Virginia, describing the loss of the information as an historic act of devastating incompetence.  READ MORE: WikiLeaks says just 1% of #Vault7 covert documents released so farRaising questions over whether the loss of the information was known to former US President Barack Obama or current president Donald Trump before being revealed by WikiLeaks, Assange also questioned if the loss had been shared with companies such as Apple and Google, which were made vulnerable by it. Potentially billions of dollars of damage  has been done by the CIA to tech companies, Assange said, adding trust has been damaged by the revelations, in both the US government and US exports. He later added that some of the fixes to devices exposed as vulnerable by the leak would be quickly fixed but others, including smart TVs, would be more difficult and take longer to fix. WikiLeaks has a lot more information,  Assange said, adding that  we have decided to work with them, to give them some exclusive access to some of the technical details we have, so that fixes can be pushed out. Once this material is effectively disarmed we will publish additional details about what has been occurring,  Assange added.Tech giants #Apple, #Samsung & #Microsoft express concern about #CIA hacking after #WikiLeaks dump https://t.co/nailD7mqGs#Vault7 #YearZero pic.twitter.com/aMauSmWXs1  RT (@RT_com) March 8, 2017Answering a question that he admitted came from himself, Assange said WikiLeaks  fights for the rights of publishers, sources and media accuracy  and that the cyber weapon details being published were used to investigate journalists.  We want to secure communications technology because without communications technology journalists cannot hold the state to account,  Assange said.CNN asked whether it was legal for the CIA to do this, per US law, provided the hacking techniques are used overseas. It is an unusual time in the United States to see an intelligence agency so heavily involved in domestic politics,  Assange said, when asked if the CIA was experiencing turmoil within its ranks.When questioned about redactions, Assange said 78,000 pieces of information were withheld, consisting of IP addresses of both target and attack machines. The IPs will be investigated and identified before the redaction is removed Continue this story at RTREAD MORE WIKILEAKS AT: 21st Century Wire WIKILEAKS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22182,US Media Silence as Pentagon Deploys Rangers Armoured Regiment on the Ground in Syria," US Army M1126 Stryker armoured vehicles rolled into Syria this week (Source: Twitter)21st Century Wire says Yesterday reports emerged of a US heavy armoured convoy heeding through northern Syria, heading towards a forward position near the flashpoint city of Manbij, near the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa. Not surprisingly, this news   which would normally be strewn across all headlines and TV news leader boards   has been completely blacked-out by the US media, aside from some website mentions.Naturally, Americans have to go to RT to get news about what the US military is doing in far-flung destinations. Here is a video report by RT s Ruptly News Agency which shows the US servicemen leading a convoy of Stryker armoured vehicles in the Syrian countryside: According to military blog SOFREP, call signs indicate that this US battalion is based out of Fort Benning, Georgia.  By looking at the call sign tag on the back of the Stryker, it is evident that this is 3rd Ranger Battalion out of Fort Benning, Georgia, which has been confirmed via other sources. This clearly indicates that the Trump Administration is in the process of actively building up its military presence in Syria. To what degree is unclear, although early indications suggest a similar commitment to what the US has laid-on in Mosul in their joint operation to retake that Iraqi city away from ISIS control.Currently, the US is at odds with NATO ally Turkey over the Pentagon s support of the Kurdish YPG whom Turkey has designated as a terrorist organization. This could be a point of contention going forward, as the US, Russia and Turkey conduct trilateral negotiations this week in Antalya, Turkey this week.STAY TUNED TO 21WIRE FOR MORE UPDATESREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22183,"Media Says Trump Cannot Use Anonymous Sources, But They Can!","21st Century Wire says Is there any wonder people are sick of the mainstream media?In stunning showing of arrogance, the mainstream media attacked President Donald Trump earlier in the week for basing his wiretapping claims on anonymously sourced reports. They must have forgotten that they too have relied on the very same reporting technique when covering some of the most contentious issues of the past few years.The hypocrisy is almost enough to turn your stomach. Stuart J. Hooper breaks it down in the following video report: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22184,BREAKING: Wikileaks Says Less Than 1% Of Vault 7 Released,"21st Century Wire says Just 24 hours after the release of  Vault 7, Zero Day , Wikileaks has claimed that less than 1% of Vault 7 has been released  so far . This is surely to generate not only excitement amongst security analysts, researchers, software engineers and hackers alike, but considerable dread within the intelligence community. Wikileaks  dump  of Vault 7 has already caused a flurry not only within the mainstream media but noticeable reactions of companies mentioned within  Zero Day  cache such as Apple, Google, Telegram, Signal, Samsung, and Microsoft, whom back in February called for a  Digital Geneva Convention .More on this report from RT  RTWikiLeaks  data dump on Tuesday accounted for less than one percent of  Vault 7 , a collection of leaked CIA documents which revealed the extent of its hacking capabilities, the whistleblowing organization has claimed on Twitter. WikiLeaks has released less than 1% of its #Vault7 series in its part one publication yesterday 'Year Zero'.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 8, 2017 Year Zero , comprising 8,761 documents and files, was released unexpectedly by WikiLeaks. The organization had initially announced that it was part of a larger series, known as  Vault 7. However, it did not give further information on when more leaks would occur or on how many series would comprise  Vault 7 Continue this story at RTREAD MORE WIKILEAKS AT: 21st Century Wire WIKILEAKS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22185,Former NSA Whistleblower: ‘Trump Absolutely Right He Was Wiretapped’,"21st Century Wire says Former NSA executive and whistleblower William Binney confirmed that President Donald J. Trump is  absolutely right  to claim he was wiretapped and monitored. Binney, a 36 year NSA veteran also considered a  legend  within the agency, created the agency s mass surveillance program for digital information and served as the senior technical director within the agency, who managed six thousand NSA employees. After the events of September 11th, 2001, Binney resigned from the NSA and  became a whistleblower when discovering that the data-monitoring program he had helped develop   nicknamed ThinThread   was being used to spy on Americans,  as reported by PBS.More on this report from Zerohedge  Tyler Durden ZerohedgeLegendary NSA whistleblower William Binney (and creator of NSA s global surveillance system) confirmed to Fox News, that President Trump is  absolutely right  to claim he was wiretapped and monitored  he was.As we noted previously, Binney is the NSA executive who created the agency s mass surveillance program for digital information, who served as the senior technical director within the agency, who managed six thousand NSA employees, the 36-year NSA veteran widely regarded as a  legend  within the agency and the NSA s best-ever analyst and code-breaker, who mapped out the Soviet command-and-control structure before anyone else knew how, and so predicted Soviet invasions before they happened ( in the 1970s, he decrypted the Soviet Union s command system, which provided the US and its allies with real-time surveillance of all Soviet troop movements and Russian atomic weapons ). Binney is the real McCoy.Binney resigned from NSA shortly after the U.S. approach to intelligence changed following the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. He  became a whistleblower after discovering that elements of a data-monitoring program he had helped develop   nicknamed ThinThread   were being used to spy on Americans,  PBS reported.On Monday he came to the defense of the president, whose allegations on social media over the weekend that outgoing President Barack Obama tapped his phones during the 2016 campaign have rankled Washington. I think the president is absolutely right. His phone calls, everything he did electronically, was being monitored,  Bill Binney, a 36-year veteran of the National Security Agency who resigned in protest from the organization in 2001, told Fox Business on Monday. Everyone s conversations are being monitored and stored , Binney said.Binney also told Sean Hannity s radio show earlier Monday,  I think the FISA court s basically totally irrelevant.  The judges on the FISA court are  not even concerned, nor are they involved in any way with the Executive Order 12333 collection,  Binney said during the radio interview.  That s all done outside of the courts. And outside of the Congress. Binney also told Fox the laws that fall under the FISA court s jurisdiction are  simply out there for show  and  trying to show that the government is following the law, and being looked at and overseen by the Senate and House intelligence committees and the courts. That s not the main collection program for NSA,  Binney said Continue this report at ZerohedgeREAD MORE TRUMP AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22186,US Hostage Survives Terrorist Ordeal in Syria to Deliver a Stunning Message to US-UK ‘Regime Change’ Crowd,"21st Century Wire says A small miracle   a rare moment of truth on the mainstream media. Buried below all of the salacious and sensational headlines and faux Russian intrigue in Washington over the last week, FOX News host Tucker Carlson delivered a stunning short interview with Theo Padnos, an American journalist who was held captive for two years (2012   2014) by US-UK and GCC-backed terrorists from Al Nusra Front aka Al-Qaeda in Syria.During the last 6 years under president Barack Obama, failing US officials like Hillary Clinton and John Kerry have been whitewashing the true nature of the co-called  moderate rebels  in Syria   repeatedly attempting to characterize them as righteous  freedom fighters  striving for an embryonic democracy in Syria. Padnos obliterates the institutional US government and media deception on this subject, and sets the record straight about the wanton savagery of so-called  rebels , many of whom are not even from Syria: They re murdering people in the streets, they re employing children as torturers. They are destroying the society over there. Some of them are interested in money, some of them are interested in power, some of them love their guns. They re having a wonderful time during the Jihad  ( ) They have the keys to these cool pick-up trucks, they have free food They re constructing a real prison archipelago over there   full of prisoners, and full of anyone they really don t like. Survivor: Theo Padnos An incredible axis of power to many young men who have had none for most of their lives   it s a dangerous scenario that s unfolding over there in parts of the country that the government doesn t control. The host then asked Padnos what he thought of the Assad government in Syria. The answer was not something you will ever hear from any of the  experts  on CNN or NBC who have been all-out for regime change since hostilities broke out in 2011: The Assad regime? Right now, there is approx 16 million people who are living in safety. The schools function, the universities function, hospitals function, there s traffic police in the streets. Listen, it s not Switzerland   it s not a perfect society   I think they themselves recognize this. Anybody who wants peace in Syria will acknowledge and respect the peace that they have at the moment and not degrade and damage it somehow   which the Obama Administration has done by sending missiles and all kinds of weaponry to the  rebels    which I thought was disgraceful because it destroyed such peace, as there was. There remains a situation in which there are rebel enclaves and these rebel enclaves are not peaceful, of course not. They are being destroyed. Look, it s a civil war. The rebel enclaves   just a minority of the population lives there, the majority of Syrians are living a relative peace under the Assad regime. Yes, that is preferable to the bombings and the crucifixions in the streets that we are seeing, and the murdering of citizens, the torturing and the imprisoning of random which is what they [the  rebel  terrorists] are doing. Watch Tucker Carlson stunning segment with Theo Padnos here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dksPBRg5tGQ . READ MORE WIKILEAKS AT: 21st Century Wire WIKILEAKS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22187,BREAKING: Wikileaks Releases ‘Vault 7’ Part 1 – ‘Year Zero’,"21st Century Wire says WikiLeaks has released its largest ever publication of confidential documents on the Central Intelligence Agency. Entitled  Vault 7  and containing a password that echoed the alleged JFK quote  splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter it into the winds,  this leak comprises 8,761 documents and files from an isolated, high-security network situated inside the CIA s Center for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virginia. Year Zero , which is part one of the leak and conveniently named after a  zero day  exploit used by intelligence agencies, was gathered throughout 2016 and is said to be the  largest intelligence publication in history .Whilst a lot of the information and methodology outlined in  Year Zero  is of no surprise to security analysts and researchers since the Edward Snowden (image, left) revelations, once again the public has explicit confirmation of how one of the most powerful intelligence agencies in the world, aided by their international counterparts like GCHQ, have been infiltrating and scooping vast quantities of private information from Apple and Android devices right up to Samsung  Smart TV  technology where false  stand-by  modes and live microphones can be executed to record information and send it back to the appropriate servers.This document dump is a game changer, because not only does the world know what they ve done, we now know how they ve done it.Based on the CIA s own documents, how do we know it wasn t the CIA themselves behind various  Russian  hacking conspiracies circling around Trump? The questions are proliferating as we speak.More on this report from Wikileaks  Wikileaks  Today, Tuesday 7 March 2017, WikiLeaks begins its new series of leaks on the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. Code-named  Vault 7  by WikiLeaks, it is the largest ever publication of confidential documents on the agency.The first full part of the series,  Year Zero , comprises 8,761 documents and files from an isolated, high-security network situated inside the CIA s Center for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virgina. It follows an introductory disclosure last month of  CIA targeting French political parties and candidates in the lead up to the 2012 presidential election.Recently, the CIA lost control of the majority of its hacking arsenal including malware, viruses, trojans, weaponized  zero day  exploits, malware remote control systems and associated documentation. This extraordinary collection, which amounts to more than several hundred million lines of code, gives its possessor the entire hacking capacity of the CIA. The archive appears to have been circulated among former U.S. government hackers and contractors in an unauthorized manner, one of whom has provided WikiLeaks with portions of the archive. Year Zero  introduces the scope and direction of the CIA s global covert hacking program, its malware arsenal and dozens of  zero day  weaponized exploits against a wide range of U.S. and European company products, include Apple s iPhone, Google s Android and Microsoft s Windows and even Samsung TVs, which are turned into covert microphones.Since 2001 the CIA has gained political and budgetary preeminence over the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA). The CIA found itself building not just its now infamous drone fleet, but a very different type of covert, globe-spanning force   its own substantial fleet of hackers. The agency s hacking division freed it from having to disclose its often controversial operations to the NSA (its primary bureaucratic rival) in order to draw on the NSA s hacking capacities.By the end of 2016, the CIA s hacking division, which formally falls under the agency s Center for Cyber Intelligence (CCI), had over 5000 registered users and had produced more than a thousand hacking systems, trojans, viruses, and other  weaponized  malware. Such is the scale of the CIA s undertaking that by 2016, its hackers had utilized more code than that used to run Facebook. The CIA had created, in effect, its  own NSA  with even less accountability and without publicly answering the question as to whether such a massive budgetary spend on duplicating the capacities of a rival agency could be justified.In a statement to WikiLeaks the source details policy questions that they say urgently need to be debated in public, including whether the CIA s hacking capabilities exceed its mandated powers and the problem of public oversight of the agency. The source wishes to initiate a public debate about the security, creation, use, proliferation and democratic control of cyberweapons.Once a single cyber  weapon  is  loose  it can spread around the world in seconds, to be used by rival states, cyber mafia and teenage hackers alike.Julian Assange, WikiLeaks editor stated that  There is an extreme proliferation risk in the development of cyber  weapons . Comparisons can be drawn between the uncontrolled proliferation of such  weapons , which results from the inability to contain them combined with their high market value, and the global arms trade. But the significance of  Year Zero  goes well beyond the choice between cyberwar and cyberpeace. The disclosure is also exceptional from a political, legal and forensic perspective. Wikileaks has carefully reviewed the  Year Zero  disclosure and published substantive CIA documentation while avoiding the distribution of  armed  cyberweapons until a consensus emerges on the technical and political nature of the CIA s program and how such  weapons  should analyzed, disarmed and published.Wikileaks has also decided to redact and anonymise some identifying information in  Year Zero  for in depth analysis. These redactions include ten of thousands of CIA targets and attack machines throughout Latin America, Europe and the United States. While we are aware of the imperfect results of any approach chosen, we remain committed to our publishing model and note that the quantity of published pages in  Vault 7  part one ( Year Zero ) already eclipses the total number of pages published over the first three years of the Edward Snowden NSA leaks.CIA malware and hacking tools are built by EDG (Engineering Development Group), a software development group within CCI (Center for Cyber Intelligence), a department belonging to the CIA s DDI (Directorate for Digital Innovation). The DDI is one of the five major directorates of the CIA (see this  organizational chart of the CIA for more details).The EDG is responsible for the development, testing and operational support of all backdoors, exploits, malicious payloads, trojans, viruses and any other kind of malware used by the CIA in its covert operations world-wide.The increasing sophistication of surveillance techniques has drawn comparisons with George Orwell s 1984, but  Weeping Angel , developed by the CIA s Embedded Devices Branch (EDB), which infests smart TVs, transforming them into covert microphones, is surely its most emblematic realization.The attack against Samsung smart TVs was developed in cooperation with the United Kingdom s MI5/BTSS. After infestation, Weeping Angel places the target TV in a  Fake-Off  mode, so that the owner falsely believes the TV is off when it is on. In  Fake-Off  mode the TV operates as a bug, recording conversations in the room and sending them over the Internet to a covert CIA server.As of October 2014 the CIA was also looking at  infecting the vehicle control systems used by modern cars and trucks. The purpose of such control is not specified, but it would permit the CIA to engage in nearly undetectable assassinations.The CIA s Mobile Devices Branch (MDB) developed  numerous attacks to remotely hack and control popular smart phones. Infected phones can be instructed to send the CIA the user s geolocation, audio and text communications as well as covertly activate the phone s camera and microphone.Despite iPhone s minority share (14.5%) of the global smart phone market in 2016, a specialized unit in the CIA s Mobile Development Branch produces malware to infest, control and exfiltrate data from iPhones and other Apple products running iOS, such as iPads. CIA s arsenal includes numerous local and remote  zero days  developed by CIA or obtained from GCHQ, NSA, FBI or purchased from cyber arms contractors such as Baitshop. The disproportionate focus on iOS may be explained by the popularity of the iPhone among social, political, diplomatic and business elites.A similar unit targets Google s Android which is used to run the majority of the world s smart phones (~85%) including Samsung, HTC and Sony. 1.15 billion Android powered phones were sold last year.  Year Zero  shows that as of 2016 the CIA had 24  weaponized  Android  zero days  which it has developed itself and obtained from GCHQ, NSA and cyber arms contractors.These techniques permit the CIA to bypass the encryption of WhatsApp, Signal, Telegram, Wiebo, Confide and Cloackman by hacking the  smart  phones that they run on and collecting audio and message traffic before encryption is applied.The CIA also runs a very substantial effort to infect and control Microsoft Windows users with its malware. This includes multiple local and remote weaponized  zero days , air gap jumping viruses such as  Hammer Drill  which infects software distributed on CD/DVDs,  infectors for removable media such as USBs, systems to  hide data in images or in covert disk areas (  Brutal Kangaroo ) and to keep its malware infestations going.Many of these infection efforts are pulled together by the CIA s Automated Implant Branch (AIB), which has developed several attack systems for automated infestation and control of CIA malware, such as  Assassin  and  Medusa .Attacks against Internet infrastructure and webservers are developed by the CIA s Network Devices Branch (NDB).The CIA has developed automated multi-platform malware attack and control systems covering Windows, Mac OS X, Solaris, Linux and more, such as EDB s  HIVE  and the related  Cutthroat  and  Swindle  tools, which are described in the examples section below.In the wake of Edward Snowden s leaks about the NSA, the U.S. technology industry secured a commitment from the Obama administration that the executive would disclose on an ongoing basis   rather than hoard   serious vulnerabilities, exploits, bugs or  zero days  to Apple, Google, Microsoft, and other US-based manufacturers.Serious vulnerabilities not disclosed to the manufacturers places huge swathes of the population and critical infrastructure at risk to foreign intelligence or cyber criminals who independently discover or hear rumors of the vulnerability. If the CIA can discover such vulnerabilities so can others.The U.S. government s commitment to the  Vulnerabilities Equities Process came after significant lobbying by US technology companies, who risk losing their share of the global market over real and perceived hidden vulnerabilities. The government stated that it would disclose all pervasive vulnerabilities discovered after 2010 on an ongoing basis. Year Zero  documents show that the CIA breached the Obama administration s commitments. Many of the vulnerabilities used in the CIA s cyber arsenal are pervasive and some may already have been found by rival intelligence agencies or cyber criminals.As an example, specific CIA malware revealed in  Year Zero  is able to penetrate, infest and control both the Android phone and iPhone software that runs or has run presidential Twitter accounts. The CIA attacks this software by using undisclosed security vulnerabilities ( zero days ) possessed by the CIA but if the CIA can hack these phones then so can everyone else who has obtained or discovered the vulnerability. As long as the CIA keeps these vulnerabilities concealed from Apple and Google (who make the phones) they will not be fixed, and the phones will remain hackable.The same vulnerabilities exist for the population at large, including the U.S. Cabinet, Congress, top CEOs, system administrators, security officers and engineers. By hiding these security flaws from manufacturers like Apple and Google the CIA ensures that it can hack everyone &mdsh; at the expense of leaving everyone hackable.Cyber  weapons  are not possible to keep under effective control.While nuclear proliferation has been restrained by the enormous costs and visible infrastructure involved in assembling enough fissile material to produce a critical nuclear mass, cyber  weapons , once developed, are very hard to retain.Cyber  weapons  are in fact just computer programs which can be pirated like any other. Since they are entirely comprised of information they can be copied quickly with no marginal cost.Securing such  weapons  is particularly difficult since the same people who develop and use them have the skills to exfiltrate copies without leaving traces   sometimes by using the very same  weapons  against the organizations that contain them. There are substantial price incentives for government hackers and consultants to obtain copies since there is a global  vulnerability market  that will pay hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars for copies of such  weapons . Similarly, contractors and companies who obtain such  weapons  sometimes use them for their own purposes, obtaining advantage over their competitors in selling  hacking  services.Over the last three years the United States intelligence sector, which consists of government agencies such as the CIA and NSA and their contractors, such as Booze Allan Hamilton, has been subject to unprecedented series of data exfiltrations by its own workers.A number of intelligence community members not yet publicly named have been arrested or subject to federal criminal investigations in separate incidents.Most visibly, on February 8, 2017 a U.S. federal grand jury indicted Harold T. Martin III with 20 counts of mishandling classified information. The Department of Justice alleged that it seized some 50,000 gigabytes of information from Harold T. Martin III that he had obtained from classified programs at NSA and CIA, including the source code for numerous hacking tools.Once a single cyber  weapon  is  loose  it can spread around the world in seconds, to be used by peer states, cyber mafia and teenage hackers alike.In addition to its operations in Langley, Virginia the CIA also uses the U.S. consulate in Frankfurt as a covert base for its hackers covering Europe, the Middle East and Africa.CIA hackers operating out of the Frankfurt consulate (  Center for Cyber Intelligence Europe  or CCIE) are given diplomatic ( black ) passports and State Department cover.  The instructions for incoming CIA hackers make Germany s counter-intelligence efforts appear inconsequential:  Breeze through German Customs because you have your cover-for-action story down pat, and all they did was stamp your passport Your Cover Story (for this trip) Q: Why are you here? A: Supporting technical consultations at the Consulate.Two earlier WikiLeaks publications give further detail on CIA approaches to customs and secondary screening procedures.Once in Frankfurt CIA hackers can travel without further border checks to the 25 European countries that are part of the Shengen open border area   including France, Italy and Switzerland.A number of the CIA s electronic attack methods are designed for physical proximity. These attack methods are able to penetrate high security networks that are disconnected from the internet, such as police record database. In these cases, a CIA officer, agent or allied intelligence officer acting under instructions, physically infiltrates the targeted workplace. The attacker is provided with a USB containing malware developed for the CIA for this purpose, which is inserted into the targeted computer. The attacker then infects and exfiltrates data to removable media. For example, the CIA attack system Fine Dining, provides 24 decoy applications for CIA spies to use. To witnesses, the spy appears to be running a program showing videos (e.g VLC), presenting slides (Prezi), playing a computer game (Breakout2, 2048) or even running a fake virus scanner (Kaspersky, McAfee, Sophos). But while the decoy application is on the screen, the underlaying system is automatically infected and ransacked.In what is surely one of the most astounding intelligence own goals in living memory, the CIA structured its classification regime such that for the most market valuable part of  Vault 7    the CIA s weaponized malware (implants + zero days), Listening Posts (LP), and Command and Control (C2) systems   the agency has little legal recourse.The CIA made these systems unclassified.Why the CIA chose to make its cyberarsenal unclassified reveals how concepts developed for military use do not easily crossover to the  battlefield  of cyber  war .To attack its targets, the CIA usually requires that its implants communicate with their control programs over the internet. If CIA implants, Command & Control and Listening Post software were classified, then CIA officers could be prosecuted or dismissed for violating rules that prohibit placing classified information onto the Internet. Consequently the CIA has secretly made most of its cyber spying/war code unclassified. The U.S. government is not able to assert copyright either, due to restrictions in the U.S. Constitution. This means that cyber  arms  manufactures and computer hackers can freely  pirate  these  weapons  if they are obtained. The CIA has primarily had to rely on obfuscation to protect its malware secrets.Conventional weapons such as missiles may be fired at the enemy (i.e into an unsecured area). Proximity to or impact with the target detonates the ordnance including its classified parts. Hence military personnel do not violate classification rules by firing ordnance with classified parts. Ordnance will likely explode. If it does not, that is not the operator s intent.Over the last decade U.S. hacking operations have been increasingly dressed up in military jargon to tap into Department of Defense funding streams. For instance, attempted  malware injections  (commercial jargon) or  implant drops  (NSA jargon) are being called  fires  as if a weapon was being fired. However the analogy is questionable.Unlike bullets, bombs or missiles, most CIA malware is designed to live for days or even years after it has reached its  target . CIA malware does not  explode on impact  but rather permanently infests its target. In order to infect target s device, copies of the malware must be placed on the target s devices, giving physical possession of the malware to the target. To exfiltrate data back to the CIA or to await further instructions the malware must communicate with CIA Command & Control (C2) systems placed on internet connected servers. But such servers are typically not approved to hold classified information, so CIA command and control systems are also made unclassified.A successful  attack  on a target s computer system is more like a series of complex stock maneuvers in a hostile take-over bid or the careful planting of rumors in order to gain control over an organization s leadership rather than the firing of a weapons system. If there is a military analogy to be made, the infestation of a target is perhaps akin to the execution of a whole series of military maneuvers against the target s territory including observation, infiltration, occupation and exploitation.A series of standards lay out CIA malware infestation patterns which are likely to assist forensic crime scene investigators as well as Apple, Microsoft, Google, Samsung, Nokia, Blackberry, Siemens and anti-virus companies attribute and defend against attacks. Tradecraft DO s and DON Ts  contains CIA rules on how its malware should be written to avoid fingerprints implicating the  CIA, US government, or its witting partner companies  in  forensic review . Similar secret standards cover the  use of encryption to hide CIA hacker and malware communication (pdf), describing targets & exfiltrated data (pdf) as well as  executing payloads (pdf) and  persisting (pdf) in the target s machines over time.CIA hackers developed successful attacks against most well known anti-virus programs. These are documented in AV defeats, Personal Security Products, Detecting and defeating PSPs and PSP/Debugger/RE Avoidance. For example, Comodo was defeated by CIA malware placing itself in the Window s  Recycle Bin . While Comodo 6.x has a  Gaping Hole of DOOM .CIA hackers discussed what the NSA s  Equation Group  hackers did wrong and how the CIA s malware makers could avoid similar exposure.The CIA s Engineering Development Group (EDG) management system contains around 500 different projects (only some of which are documented by  Year Zero ) each with their own sub-projects, malware and hacker tools.The majority of these projects relate to tools that are used for penetration, infestation ( implanting ), control, and exfiltration.Another branch of development focuses on the development and operation of Listening Posts (LP) and Command and Control (C2) systems used to communicate with and control CIA implants; special projects are used to target specific hardware from routers to smart TVs.Some example projects are described below, but see  the table of contents for the full list of projects described by WikiLeaks   Year Zero .The CIA s hand crafted hacking techniques pose a problem for the agency. Each technique it has created forms a  fingerprint  that can be used by forensic investigators to attribute multiple different attacks to the same entity.This is analogous to finding the same distinctive knife wound on multiple separate murder victims. The unique wounding style creates suspicion that a single murderer is responsible. As soon one murder in the set is solved then the other murders also find likely attribution.The CIA s Remote Devices Branch s UMBRAGE group collects and maintains a substantial library of attack techniques  stolen  from malware produced in other states including the Russian Federation.With UMBRAGE and related projects the CIA cannot only increase its total number of attack types but also misdirect attribution by leaving behind the  fingerprints  of the groups that the attack techniques were stolen from.UMBRAGE components cover keyloggers, password collection, webcam capture, data destruction, persistence, privilege escalation, stealth, anti-virus (PSP) avoidance and survey techniques.Fine Dining comes with a standardized questionnaire i.e menu that CIA case officers fill out. The questionnaire is used by the agency s OSB (Operational Support Branch) to transform the requests of case officers into technical requirements for hacking attacks (typically  exfiltrating  information from computer systems) for specific operations. The questionnaire allows the OSB to identify how to adapt existing tools for the operation, and communicate this to CIA malware configuration staff. The OSB functions as the interface between CIA operational staff and the relevant technical support staff.Among the list of possible targets of the collection are  Asset ,  Liaison Asset ,  System Administrator ,  Foreign Information Operations ,  Foreign Intelligence Agencies  and  Foreign Government Entities . Notably absent is any reference to extremists or transnational criminals. The  Case Officer  is also asked to specify the environment of the target like the type of computer, operating system used, Internet connectivity and installed anti-virus utilities (PSPs) as well as a list of file types to be exfiltrated like Office documents, audio, video, images or custom file types. The  menu  also asks for information if recurring access to the target is possible and how long unobserved access to the computer can be maintained. This information is used by the CIA s  JQJIMPROVISE  software (see below) to configure a set of CIA malware suited to the specific needs of an operation. Improvise  is a toolset for configuration, post-processing, payload setup and execution vector selection for survey/exfiltration tools supporting all major operating systems like Windows (Bartender), MacOS (JukeBox) and Linux (DanceFloor). Its configuration utilities like Margarita allows the NOC (Network Operation Center) to customize tools based on requirements from  Fine Dining  questionnaires.HIVE is a multi-platform CIA malware suite and its associated control software. The project provides customizable implants for Windows, Solaris, MikroTik (used in internet routers) and Linux platforms and a Listening Post (LP)/Command and Control (C2) infrastructure to communicate with these implants.The implants are configured to communicate via HTTPS with the webserver of a cover domain; each operation utilizing these implants has a separate cover domain and the infrastructure can handle any number of cover domains.Each cover domain resolves to an IP address that is located at a commercial VPS (Virtual Private Server) provider. The public-facing server forwards all incoming traffic via a VPN to a  Blot  server that handles actual connection requests from clients. It is setup for optional SSL client authentication: if a client sends a valid client certificate (only implants can do that), the connection is forwarded to the  Honeycomb  toolserver that communicates with the implant; if a valid certificate is missing (which is the case if someone tries to open the cover domain website by accident), the traffic is forwarded to a cover server that delivers an unsuspicious looking website.The Honeycomb toolserver receives exfiltrated information from the implant; an operator can also task the implant to execute jobs on the target computer, so the toolserver acts as a C2 (command and control) server for the implant.Similar functionality (though limited to Windows) is provided by the RickBobby project.See the classified user and developer guides for HIVE.WikiLeaks published as soon as its verification and analysis were ready.In February the Trump administration has issued an Executive Order calling for a  Cyberwar  review to be prepared within 30 days.While the review increases the timeliness and relevance of the publication it did not play a role in setting the publication date Continue this story at WikileaksREAD MORE WIKILEAKS AT: 21st Century Wire WIKILEAKS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22188,Facebook Now Decides What Is Branded Fake News,"21st Century Wire says Facebook knows best?Facebook has begun its rollout of the  Disputed Story  tag, which allows only ABC News, FactCheck.org, the Associated Press, Snopes and Politifact to determine if a story is  fake news .In the following video Stuart J. Hooper delves into the depths of the arrogance that Facebook is now exhibiting with this move, and how the failing mainstream media is only really interested in stopping their main competition   the exploding alternative media scene.Watch the video here: READ MORE ON  FAKE NEWS  AT: 21st Century Wire Fake News FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22189,Trump Halts Travel In New Executive Order,"21st Century Wire says After President Donald J. Trump s previous visa suspension was blocked by federal courts, he has fulfilled his vow to overturn this by introducing a new Executive Order temporarily blocking travel to the US for residents of six Muslim-majority countries pending revision of visa procedures. The order halts the issuance of new US visas to citizens of Iran, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen for the next 90 days.The new Executive Order was revealed to reporters today by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Due to increased co-operation between the Baghdad and US governments on background checks of applicants, Iraq is excluded from the Order.More on this report from Russia Today  RT  President Donald Trump has issued a new executive order, temporarily blocking travel to the US for residents of six Muslim-majority countries pending revision of visa procedures. The previous travel ban, issued in January, was blocked in federal courts.Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced the new executive order to reporters on Monday.The order halts the issuance of new US visas to citizens of Iran, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen for the next 90 days.Iraq, which was included in the January ban, was left off the list this time after the government in Baghdad agreed to increase cooperation with the US on background checks for its citizens applying for visas, AP reported.Iraqi Foreign Ministry spokesman Ahmed Jamal called the decision  an important step in the right direction  that  consolidates the strategic alliance between Baghdad and Washington in many fields, and at their forefront the war on terrorism. Tillerson thanked the government in Baghdad for working with the State Department on improving vetting, and called the order  a vital measure for protecting our national security. The new order also imposes a 120-day halt on refugee admissions from the six countries. Legal permanent residents ( Green Card  holders) from the countries will not be affected, however, Reuters reported citing a fact sheet supplied by the administration. Nothing in this executive order affects existing lawful permanent residents,  Kelly said, adding that Homeland Security will enforce it  humanely, respectfully and with professionalism.  Trump s senior aide Kellyanne Conway provided confirmation in an interview with Fox News on Monday. If you have travel docs, if you actually have a visa, if you are a legal permanent resident, you are not covered under this particular executive action,  Conway said, adding that the new order will go into effect on March 16 Continue this report at RT  READ MORE TRUMP AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22190,Nader Talebzadeh: They Planned and He Plans," Photo illustration by Patrick Henningsen@21WIRE  Nader Talebzadeh   21st Century WireThe American enlightenment has started.  The dormancy of over three decades, and the miseries that the United States has put dozens of nations through, have begun to cease. The torment that the Vietnamese went through and the innocent lives that perished under US drones in Afghanistan and Pakistan are beginning to find their answers.  But not in international tribunals or world system of justice. No. In people s conscious, the great divide in the American population is the first sure sign of a change to come.Ever since the unwelcome appearance of Donald Trump on the US governmental scene, the first president not to be placed into position by the deep state, the inquisition over what is going on has begun.Americans, more than ever are perplexed about their future. Their past is vague, and no matter how hard they peer into the rear view mirror   for those Americans, it doesn t make sense.9/11 doesn t make sense.The occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan doesn t make sense.The admittance to not finding any WMDs in Iraq and yet occupying it, doesn t make sense.To cause the deaths of 500, 000 children, and say it was worth the kill by the administrators   doesn t make sense.The cover-up for 9/11 doesn t make sense. To start a global war on terror and not explain how 9/11 occurred, or how a third building collapsed nine hours later, doesn t make sense.Obama s sudden appearance on the scene, doesn t make sense.The hundreds of books and articles that question the mechanism of the selection of Obama and never discussing them on the mainstream media, doesn t make sense.Obama placed in that position by the establishment, by the deep state, doesn t make sense.The blanked out middle-class of America, still pondering what happened, doesn t make sense.The fact that they lost their jobs beginning three decades ago, and having had to let go of their comfortable insured life working in an American factory, doesn t make sense.The abandoned factories and grand industries that once made America great, lying obsolete and deserted, doesn t make sense.Half of Detroit abandoned and deserted, doesn t make sense.The media cheering on its hallucinatory concussions all throughout these disasters, doesn t make sense.The PTSD ed war veterans and the official suicide rates of US soldiers on and off duty, go undetected and barely seen in the rear view mirror of the media, never make sense.All the common man sees today is one man attacked by the same mass  media that pushed them into the illegal wars and illegitimate debts from zero to $20 trillion, between 1979-2017, by some estimates.But the  buck stops here  as President Eisenhower once famously said. The heavy train loaded with old rusted debris is coming to a screeching halt. Meanwhile the curious are looking wide-eyed. NATO doesn t know where it really stands.  The think tanks of Washington   the hub of all mesmerizing strategies   are vacant, or their curtains half drawn. The Neocons are contemplating plan B. The  Israeli firsters  are caught off guard. They are planning ahead of time desperately. But whose ears do they have this time?! A man who calls the weapons of the think tanks, the mainstream media,  liars  ,  fake news !?Once the invisible sword, the likes of New York Times and CNN are today exposed and blunted. Who dared call CNN  liars ?! CNN engaged America meticulously into two  fake  wars which indebted the United States, and still avoided any blame. It was almost scripted and storyboarded like a Hollywood movie. Now, it is still loose, with acrobatic skills evading all detection like a skilled serial killer breathing in our civilized world.Now the eye-opening process has begun. Watch out for the six-packers and their evaporated illusions! You have finally awaken the slumbering slave of America, and awakened they are Alas! All empires go through these stages.  The awkward moments must be tolerated i.e. the president without a cabinet, the supporters with semi-automatic weapons guarding his speeches in Georgia and Florida. The anti-Semitic accusations that are being discussed in the morning regular sessions on CNN. The angry obliterated Alan Dershowitz who is nervously accusing CNN s moderator Don Lemon, of giving the anti-Semites their fifteen minutes of fame. They fear that it will catch fire on the colleges and universities.The masquerade however is over. The Paul Wolfowitzs, the Richard Perles, the Daniel Pipes have to face the masses. The not-so-innocent masses that succumbed to the beast s demands also wait. The confrontation lingers silently.  No one even knows these people  as Thomas Friedman of the New York Times once famously said in his interviews with the Haaretz. Twenty Five Neocons have planned and executed what has happened in the past two and a half decades.The wakeup call has rung, the moment of illusion has disappeared. The apparent, sudden sun is beginning to shine gloriously, one ray at a time. Wash your face and watch the unfolding.21WIRE contributor Nader Talebzadeh is an Iranian filmmaker, producer, writer, cultural and historical commentator and New Horizon Conference Chair, Channel One TV program host  A sr  (The Time ). READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22191,Trump Asks Congress To Investigate Former Obama Administration,"21st Century Wire says President Donald J. Trump is leaving no stone unturned by asking the US Congress to investigate the alleged abuse of Executive powers by the Obama administration as part of the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the presidential election.The White House request was directed to  congressional intelligence committees  and asked them to  exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016. More on this report from Russia Today  RT   The White House has asked the US Congress to investigate alleged abuse of executive power by the Obama administration as part of the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the Presidential Election.The White House request released on Sunday was directed to  congressional intelligence committees  and required them to  exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016. #BREAKING Trump is requesting congressional intel committees to determine whether the Obama adm. abused its investigative powers in 2016 pic.twitter.com/6gUQtxJSpJ  Rag p Soylu (@ragipsoylu) March 5, 2017(1/4) Reports concerning potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election are very troubling.  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) March 5, 2017The statement added that no further comments on the issue would come from either the White House or the president.The request comes a day after US President Donald Trump accused his predecessor of ordering the wiretapping of his phones during the election campaign Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22192,Rhodes Is Wrong And Trump Could Have The Last Laugh,"21st Century Wire says Yesterday, President Donald J. Trump accused his predecessor, Barack Obama, of ordering a  wire tap  at Trump Tower prior to the Presidential Election. Yes, a  wire tap . Sounds pretty unsophisticated in this day and age as a means of SIGINT in the post Snowden revelation era where there are numerous more  covert  methods available to agencies. Democrats and other mainstream pundits wasted no time in defending Obama and criticizing Trump s lack of evidence in the matter. One of these voices was Ben Rhodes, Obama s former Senior Advisor. He also said  only a liar  could make the case, as Trump suggested, that Obama wire tapped Trump Tower ahead of the election. Shortly after Rhodes took to Twitter in defense of Obama, this article from 2013 became viral that seemed to hold together Trump s allegation of  wire-tapping . To add to the Obama accusations, Wikileaks weighed in with the following;Obama has a history of tapping & hacking his friends and rivals https://t.co/XbwyNSwTXg #NSA #PRISM #Merkel #Sarkozy #BanKiMoon #WTO #Trump pic.twitter.com/5CebcnkFgn  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 5, 2017More on this report from Zerohedge  Tyler Durden ZerohedgeFollowing Trump s stunning allegation that Obama wiretapped the Trump Tower in October of 2016, prior to the presidential election, which may or may not have been sourced from a Breitbart story, numerous Democrats and media pundits have come out with scathing accusations that Trump is either mentally disturbed, or simply has no idea what he is talking about.The best example of this came from Ben Rhodes, a former senior adviser to President Obama in his role as deputy National Security Advisor, who slammed Trump s accusation, insisting that  No President can order a wiretap. Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you.  He also said  only a liar  could make the case, as Trump suggested, that Obama wire tapped Trump Tower ahead of the election.No President can order a wiretap. Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you. https://t.co/lEVscjkzSw  Ben Rhodes (@brhodes) March 4, 2017It would appear, however, that Rhodes is wrong, especially as pertains to matters of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance, and its associated FISA court, under which the alleged wiretap of Donald Trump would have been granted, as it pertained specifically to Trump s alleged illicit interactions with Russian entities.In Chapter 36 of Title 50 of the US Code *War and National Defense , Subchapter 1, Section 1802, we read the following:(1) Notwithstanding any other law, the President, through the Attorney General, may authorize electronic surveillance without a court order under this sub-chapter to acquire foreign intelligence information for periods of up to one year if the Attorney General certifies in writing under oath that (A) the electronic surveillance is solely directed at  (i) the acquisition of the contents of communications transmitted by means of communications used exclusively between or among foreign powers, as defined in section 1801(a)(1), (2), or (3) of this title; or (ii) the acquisition of technical intelligence, other than the spoken communications of individuals, from property or premises under the open and exclusive control of a foreign power, as defined in section 1801(a)(1), (2), or (3) of this title;(B) there is no substantial likelihood that the surveillance will acquire the contents of any communication to which a United States person is a party; and(C) the proposed minimization procedures with respect to such surveillance meet the definition of minimization procedures under section 1801(h) of this title; and if the Attorney General reports such minimization procedures and any changes thereto to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence at least thirty days prior to their effective date, unless the Attorney General determines immediate action is required and notifies the committees immediately of such minimization procedures and the reason for their becoming effective immediately.While (B) seems to contradict the underlying permissive nature of Section 1802 as it involves a United States person, what the Snowden affair has demonstrated all too clearly, is how frequently the NSA and FISA court would make US citizens collateral damage. To be sure, many pointed out the fact that Fox News correspondent James Rosen was notoriously wiretapped in 2013 when the DOJ was investigating government leaks. The Associated Press was also infamously wiretapped in relation to the same investigation.Furthermore, while most Democrats   not to mention former president Obama himself   have been harshly critical of Trump s comments, some such as former Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau was quite clear in his warning to reporters that Obama did not say there was no wiretapping, effectively confirming it:I'd be careful about reporting that Obama said there was no wiretapping. Statement just said that neither he nor the WH ordered it.  Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) March 4, 2017Continue this report at ZerohedgeREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22193,Trump Rally In Austin TX – Protesters Largely Outnumbered by Trump Supporters,"21st Century Wire says Trump supporters gathered at a rally in Austin TX on a rainy March 4th to participate in the nationwide gathering of citizens in support of President Trump, marching to state capitals to promote peaceful unity, as described by the call to the gathering:This is a nationwide event in states across the country!Let s support our President and stop the hate! Please join us in this effort to unite the citizens of this great country. Bring your signs and flags to support our President and his administration   wear your Trump gear! We are also supporting our military, veterans and law enforcement. Please bring donations for homeless/veterans such as canned goods, clothing, blankets and hygiene products.Disclaimer: This is a peaceful assembly. Please do not impede traffic, litter, vandalize, or do anything else illegal and unbefitting. Act worthy of yourselves. Any violators will be asked to leave and turned over to authorities when appropriate. If your intentions are other than peaceful this event is not for you.We welcome your participation & sharing/inviting/spreading the word!Trump supporters of all creeds, colors and backgrounds showed up, in the rain, to be there for the event.Trump supporters march on Texas Capitol, Austin TX 3/4/17 .  We Americans must learn not to be so quick to jump to conclusions about others! pic.twitter.com/sqsYS2Ktke  Jeff DeRiso (@JeffDeRiso) March 4, 2017With all the talk of reactionary Anti-Trump demonstration being hyped on mainstream media, one would expected throngs of protesters at the event, but if the image below represents the size of the protest group. Despite the rain and high winds, they were greatly outnumbered by the March4Trump rally.There was one brief scuffle between protesters and Trump supporters when a masked protester tried to take the American flag from a rally goer, which you can see in the embedded highlights video below.Videographer, Jeff DeRiso, captured a highlights video of the event.READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22194,Two Trump Tweets Debunk Russian Connection Conspiracy,"21st Century Wire says Partisan liberal hypocrisy strikes again.Yesterday, Trump debunked the Russian connection conspiracy by exposing two photographs, via his Twitter, which show two key Democratic conspiracy theorists, Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, meeting with Russia s Dmitry Medvedev and Vladimir Putin respectively.In the following video report, Stuart J. Hooper shows the extent of how truly ridiculous the Russian connection conspiracy really is after the outing of these new photos:Watch the video here: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22195,EP #15: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Crisis of American Liberalism’ with guest Caleb Maupin," Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and globally at Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 15 This week we cover the America s turbulent transition of power, as President Trump continues to search for his political mojo in Washington DC Tonight, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest, author and roving correspondent for RT News International and author, Calib Maupin, to talk about his new book, The 2016 Elections & The Crisis of American Liberalism, and how the new shifting political landscape in America is shaping up   Trump, Soros and how the old Left-Right binary system is searching for a new coherence. Listen Listen to  EP 15: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with Caleb Maupin  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 9pm to 10pm MST, post-drive time and after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22196,Boiler Room #99 – Almost to 100!,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Infidel Pharaoh, Funk Soul, Andy Nowicki of Alt-Right Blogspot, Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis and Randy J for the 99th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the crew. Tonight the gang is discussing the latest a myriad of news and main stream media shenanigans that have taken place since the last meeting of the ACR brain-trust know as THE BOILER ROOM.Direct Download Episode #99Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22197,Should We Worry About McMaster as Trump’s National Security Advisor?,"21st Century Wire says Is McMaster going to reignite tensions with Russia?In the follow video Stuart J. Hooper asks if we should be worried about General McMaster replacing General Flynn as Trump s National Security Advisor.While Flynn understood that Russia has a sphere of influence in the world that the US should be wary of encroaching upon, McMaster is the author of a report entitled  The Russia New Generation Warfare Study , which is,  is intended to ignite a wholesale rethinking and possibly even a redesign of the Army in the event it has to confront the Russians in Eastern Europe .Watch the report video here: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22198,Donald Trump’s TRILLION Dollar Bombshell,"21st Century Wire says Is this the biggest new nugget to be found in Trump s joint address from last night?In the following video, Stuart J. Hooper examines Trump s promise to ask Congress for a one trillion dollar fund to rebuild America s infrastructure.Is it possible that this will create millions of jobs? But what of the potential problems that might emerge from the fact that it will be a public-private partnership? Let us know in the comments below.Watch the video here: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22199,MOCKINGBIRD MIRROR: Declassified Docs Depict Deeper Link Between the CIA and American Media,"21st Century Wire says Over the past month, more than 12 million declassified documents from the CIA have been reportedly published online. While the intelligence docu-dump supposedly sheds additional light on covert war programs, psychic research and the Cold War era, it also contains more evidence confirming the symbiotic relationship between the CIA and American media. In late January the UK s Guardian reported that the CIA themselves released millions of documents online: The CIA has published more than 12 million pages of declassified documents online, making decades of US intelligence files more easily accessible and searchable.The agency published the roughly 930,000 documents that make up the CIA Records Search Tool (Crest) on Tuesday. The online publication of the files was first reported by BuzzFeed News. Although all of the documents in Crest were part of the public record before Tuesday, they could only be inspected by visiting the National Archives in Maryland in person. Once at the archives, just four computers available only during business hours provided access to Crest. A lawsuit from the open-government nonprofit MuckRock prompted the CIA to make the documents available online. Further pressure to publish the documents came from the transparency advocate and journalist Michael Best, who began steadily scanning and uploading the documents one by one. Continuing, the Guardian reported that the CIA also kept files and documents on media organizations and individual reporters. In 2014, Best from MuckRock, filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit in order to get the CIA to post all of its documents online. Along the way, Best reportedly crowd-funded more than $15000 to  print out and then publicly upload the records, one by one, to apply pressure to the CIA. Although some mainstream outlets have been somewhat congratulatory of the CIA, many of the files released remain heavily redacted.In the early 1950 s, the CIA ran a wide-scale program called Operation Mockingbird that was said to have infiltrated the American news media in particular, which propagandized the public through various front organizations, magazines and cultural groups.  THE COMPANY    The Central Intelligence Agency of the United States. (Image Source: zerohedge.com)In recent years, there has been a series of surreal and unreal news stories since the Smith-Mundt Act was effectively rendered obsolete by US lawmakers on July 2nd 2013, as published by RT below: Until earlier this month, a longstanding federal law made it illegal for the US Department of State to share domestically the internally-authored news stories sent to American-operated outlets broadcasting around the globe. All of that changed effective July 2, when the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG) was given permission to let US households tune-in to hear the type of programming that has previously only been allowed in outside nations. The Smith-Mundt Act has ensured for decades that government-made media intended for foreign audiences doesn t end up on radio networks broadcast within the US. An amendment tagged onto the National Defense Authorization Act removed that prohibition this year. More from Washington s Blog below  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Washington s BlogNewly-declassified documents show that a senior CIA agent and Deputy Director of the Directorate of Intelligence worked closely with the owners and journalists of many of the largest media outlets:The United States Senate Select Committee to Study Governmental Operations with Respect to Intelligence Activities found in 1975 that the CIA submitted stories to the American press:Wikipedia adds details:After 1953, the network was overseen by Allen W. Dulles, director of the CIA. By this time, Operation Mockingbird had a major influence over 25 newspapers and wire agencies. The usual methodology was placing reports developed from intelligence provided by the CIA to witting or unwitting reporters. Those reports would then be repeated or cited by the preceding reporters which in turn would then be cited throughout the media wire services.The Office of Policy Coordination (OPC) was funded by siphoning off funds intended for the Marshall Plan [i.e. the rebuilding of Europe by the U.S. after WWII]. Some of this money was used to bribe journalists and publishers.In 2008, the New York Times wrote:During the early years of the cold war, [prominent writers and artists, from Arthur Schlesinger Jr. to Jackson Pollock] were supported, sometimes lavishly, always secretly, by the C.I.A. as part of its propaganda war against the Soviet Union. It was perhaps the most successful use of  soft power  in American history.A CIA operative told Washington Post owner Philip Graham   in a conversation about the willingness of journalists to peddle CIA propaganda and cover stories:You could get a journalist cheaper than a good call girl, for a couple hundred dollars a month.Famed Watergate reporter Carl Bernstein wrote in 1977:More than 400 American journalists   in the past twenty five years have secretly carried out assignments for the Central Intelligence Agency, according to documents on file at CIA headquarters.***In many instances, CIA documents show, journalists were engaged to perform tasks for the CIA with the consent of the managements of America s leading news organizations.***Among the executives who lent their cooperation to the Agency were [the heads of CBS, Time, the New York Times, the Louisville Courier Journal, and Copley News Service. Other organizations which cooperated with the CIA include [ABC, NBC, AP, UPI, Reuters], Hearst Newspapers, Scripps Howard, Newsweek magazine, the Mutual Broadcasting System, the Miami Herald and the old Saturday Evening Post and New York Herald Tribune.***There is ample evidence that America s leading publishers and news executives allowed themselves and their organizations to become handmaidens to the intelligence services.  Let s not pick on some poor reporters, for God s sake,  William Colby exclaimed at one point to the Church committee s investigators.  Let s go to the managements.***The CIA even ran a formal training program in the 1950s to teach its agents to be journalists. Intelligence officers were  taught to make noises like reporters,  explained a high CIA official, and were then placed in major news organizations with help from management.***Once a year during the 1950s and early 1960s, CBS correspondents joined the CIA hierarchy for private dinners and briefings.***Allen Dulles often interceded with his good friend, the late Henry Luce, founder of Time and Life magazines, who readily allowed certain members of his staff to work for the Agency and agreed to provide jobs and credentials for other CIA operatives who lacked journalistic experience.***In the 1950s and early 1960s, Time magazine s foreign correspondents attended CIA  briefing  dinners similar to those the CIA held for CBS.***When Newsweek was purchased by the Washington Post Company, publisher Philip L. Graham was informed by Agency officials that the CIA occasionally used the magazine for cover purposes, according to CIA sources.  It was widely known that Phil Graham was somebody you could get help from,  said a former deputy director of the Agency.  Frank Wisner dealt with him.  Wisner, deputy director of the CIA from 1950 until shortly before his suicide in 1965, was the Agency s premier orchestrator of  black  operations, including many in which journalists were involved. Wisner liked to boast of his  mighty Wurlitzer,  a wondrous propaganda instrument he built, and played, with help from the press.)***In November 1973, after [the CIA claimed to have ended the program], Colby told reporters and editors from the New York Times and the Washington Star that the Agency had  some three dozen  American newsmen  on the CIA payroll,  including five who worked for  general circulation news organizations.  Yet even while the Senate Intelligence Committee was holding its hearings in 1976, according to high level CIA sources, the CIA continued to maintain ties with seventy five to ninety journalists of every description executives, reporters, stringers, photographers, columnists, bureau clerks and members of broadcast technical crews. More than half of these had been moved off CIA contracts and payrolls but they were still bound by other secret agreements with the Agency. According to an unpublished report by the House Select Committee on Intelligence, chaired by Representative Otis Pike, at least fifteen news organizations were still providing cover for CIA operatives as of 1976.***Those officials most knowledgeable about the subject say that a figure of 400 American journalists is on the low side  . There were a lot of representations that if this stuff got out some of the biggest names in journalism would get smeared   .An expert on propaganda testified under oath during trial that the CIA now employs THOUSANDS of reporters and OWNS its own media organizations. Whether or not his estimate is accurate, it is clear that many prominent reporters still report to the CIA.A 4-part BBC documentary called the  Century of the Self  shows that an American   Freud s nephew, Edward Bernays   created the modern field of manipulation of public perceptions, and the U.S. government has extensively used his techniques.More from Washington s Blog here READ MORE PROPAGANDA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Propaganda FilesREAD MORE PENTAGON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Pentagon FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE by subscribing and becoming a MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22200,Trump’s First Congressional Speech Stuns Media Detractors – Stock Markets Rally,"21st Century Wire says Last night, an embattled President Donald Trump gave his first address to Congress. The results surprised even his fiercest critics. He became president of the United States in that moment, period,  said Trump critic and CNN commentator Van Jones.  That was one of the most extraordinary moments you have ever seen in American politics. Period. Make no mistake, it was a house divided, but it seems that the White House achieved its chief objective   to stop the public relations hemorrhaging, for now at least.One unusual aspect of this Trump speech   reports suggest that the President actually spent the day of his first address to a joint session of Congress revising and rehearsing his speech.It seemed to have paid off. Immediately after his speech, Trump rallied with a jump in approval ratings, and a sharp stock market rally.All signs are that America might finally have a President   for the moment  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22201,Hollywood Hip to Al Qaeda: ‘And the Oscar for Best Documentary Short goes to…’," Alex Christoforou The DuranIt should come as no surprise that a film celebrating the White Helmets scooped up an Oscar for best short documentary. Might as well hand the Oscar to ISIS leader Ab  Bakr al-Baghdadi.Far from a humanitarian organisation, the White Helmets are an Al Qaeda staffed propaganda group that is embedded with brutal jihadists looking to overthrow the sovereign government of Syria.Watch this CrossTalk episode to learn who the White Helmets represent  Al Jazeera reports Accepting the Academy Award, director Orlando von Einsiedel urged the audience to stand up and call for an end to Syria s six-year civil war, which led to a standing ovation.Von Einsiedel read out a statement from White Helmets founder Raed al-Saleh, in which he thanked the academy and said the group had saved tens of thousands of lives since it was formed in 2014. We are so grateful that this film has highlighted our work to the world. Our organisation is guided by a verse from the Quran: to save one life is to save all of humanity,  Saleh s statement said. We have saved more than 82,000 Syrian lives. I invite anyone here who hears me to work on the side of life to stop the bloodshed in Syria and around the world. Rescue workers in Syria are at risk of being killed in so-called  double tap  air raids that target them as they arrive at the scene of an air strike. The group says that many of its volunteers have been killed.Syrian cinematographer Khaled Khatib who worked on the documentary was unable to attend after being barred from entering the United States, despite being granted a visa.US officials reportedly discovered  derogatory information  about him, according to a document seen by the Associated Press news agency.The film s producer Joanna Natasegara told AP on Sunday that the decision was  sad and confusing. Nothing sad and confusing  about it. The White Helmets are Al Nusra, aka Al Qaeda, aka ISIS.Need more proof? WATCH THIS VIDEO. SHARE THESE IMAGES  READ MORE WHITE HELMETS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire White Helmet FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@21WIRE.TV",0
22202,NOTHING NEW: ‘Fake’ & Weaponized News Has Long Haunted Our War-Weary World," In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, and due to our readers  engagement on this important issue, 21WIRE is extending its #FakeNewsWeek awareness campaign for additional week, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media s  fake news  assembly line  Hearst vs Pulitzer battle for the yellow journalism title (Image Source: US Library of Congress)Mark Anderson 21st Century WireToday s  fake news crisis is by no means a recent phenomenon born during the Presidential campaign of Donald J. Trump, as the mainstream media would have us believe, even while big media outlets hypocritically label alternative news outlets as the sole source of fake news.Not only is America suffering under the maliciously misleading fake news peddled by today s  mainstream  media; America and the world also have gravely suffered, at least since the mid-19th Century, under an orthodox media that was   and remains   a weaponized menace to peace and social concord. There is hardly a more unsettling example of an early war-mongering media figure than famed editor Horace Greeley.Stepping back for a moment, it s notable that the liberal-internationalist New York Times  unlike liberal-left street protestors who typically march against U.S. military intervention in foreign lands   has long interpreted liberalism quite differently on the geopolitical level. Our esteemed  newspaper of record  spanning three centuries, has frequently used its pages to call for, justify or not seriously challenge claims made by governments as the pretext for highly questionable military interventions. This has led to the current reality of perpetual, unwinnable  conflicts  that are prosecuted without even the pretense of Congress officially declaring war as the Constitution requires.And pesky facts   such as the reality that former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein never possessed the kind or quantity of  weapons of mass destruction  to excuse the U.S.-led coalition s March 2003  shock and awe  intervention in Iraq   have never been allowed to obstruct the Times  support for Iraq and subsequent wars. The role of the Times, along with its staff reporter Judith Miller, in presenting the false case for that war is well documented. In addition to this, a tertiary story that Saddam Hussein was hosting al Qaeda terrorists and he have been involved in the 9/11 attacks of 2001, was concocted by members of the Bush Administration and then injected into both the US and British mainstream media.All that was needed was somebody to hate in the true Orwellian tradition, so the military-industrial-banking-intelligence-media complex gave Americans Iraq as the phony target of their revenge.DRUMMING-UP A  CIVIL  WARAll told, the Times  famous slogan,  All the News That s Fit to Print  might just as well be:  All the Wars That Are Fit to Fight. So, it s all the more ironic that of all newspapers, the New York Times, on July 28, 2011, in a respectable article by James M. Lundberg, clearly outlined (in accordance with other sources) Horace Greeley s unhinged Times-style actions to help propel the U.S. into an incredibly bloody war against itself   the grossly misnamed  Civil War.  (A civil war is that in which two or more factions fight for control of a government, while this war involved southern states seceding from the Union to form another government. Big media and court historians don t even bother using correct terms.)19th Century media mogul Horace Greeley.Horace Greeley (1811-1872) founded and edited the widely influential New York Tribune. Having served briefly as a congressman from New York, he also was the new Liberal Republican Party s unsuccessful candidate in the 1872 presidential election against incumbent President Ulysses S. Grant  the celebrated Union general whose military actions were partly made possible by Greeley s poison pen. To Greeley, the pen was not mightier than the sword; rather, his pen was a sword, wielded in zealous pursuit of a fratricidal war that ended up solidifying federal dominance over the several states.Under the robber barons of Greeley s day (who would later foist a central bank on America, based on several economic  panics  that the big newspapers hyped, instilling widespread fear) such federal dominance became an enduring debt slavery that, to this day, has arguably made all Americans into perpetual serfs under the yoke of compound interest, massive taxes and endless toil. And Greeley s fingerprints are all over that bleak outcome, however unwitting he may have been about it.Greeley and the Tribune railed over the South s black agrarian slavery and urged the North to take up arms to  end  such servitude, while northern media moguls kept extremely quiet about the slavery of children working in northern factories.Lundberg noted,  It didn t take long for Horace Greeley, the nation s most loved, hated and widely read newspaper editor, to become impatient with the progress of the war. From the moment news of Major Robert Anderson s [northern] surrender at Fort Sumter reached New York City, drumbeats and bugle calls for immediate military action could be heard in the columns of Greeley s paper, the New York Tribune. Greeley and his deputies, while ignoring the towering task that others would have to undertake to prepare for the anticipated titanic collision of military forces, poured his messianic vision into the Tribune s pages to sway the people toward war, although even President Lincoln himself was not yet on  the same page  as Greeley. But the delusional Mr. Greeley would not settle for a mere sovereign making his own decisions. Never mind the logistical challenge of assembling, arming and training a suitable military force   the people, or at least the [Tribune] editors, were ready, and there was hardly a moment to lose. What appeared to be lacking, from Greeley s perspective, was a necessary vigor from President Lincoln and his administration,  Lundberg wrote.  Within a week of Lincoln s initial call for volunteers on April 15, 1861, the Tribune was already sharply critical of [Lincoln s] apparent sluggishness. Greeley gloated that the  People  supposedly stood ready to fight  with old flint-lock muskets if [they] can get no better.  But, he wondered,  Will the government stand by the People?  And before April was out and military operations still hadn t started, Greeley, casting objectivity aside and seeking the dehumanization of the South, was reminding Lincoln:  We are at war with these pestilent rebels and traitors,  while urging  heavy and instantaneous blows at Maryland and Virginia. The manipulation of the narrative did not end there. Greeley even called for the absolute conquest of the South on the first of May, 1861.  We mean to conquer them,  he blathered,  and we shall do this most mercifully, the more speedily we do it.  Who could argue with an offer as gracious as merciful conquest?As Lundberg explained, Greeley believed  the Union could be saved and much bloodshed spared with swift, decisive Federal action. And swift, decisive action would be effective because the Rebels were weak, disorganized and unlikely to fight if their cause of independence appeared lost.  Moreover, Greeley believed that  secession had been the work of a small minority of fire-eating fanatics; a quick blow and a little taste of the full force of the Union Army would embolden the silent majority of Southern Unionists he believed had yet to be roused. But it was easy for Greeley, who couldn t have had the slightest idea how this clash of arms would turn out, to assume from the safety of his desk that bloodshed could be spared by a quick attack. Such a large-scale battle of Americans against Americans   brother against brother, fathers against sons in some cases, reddening U.S. soil itself on such a huge scale   was an unprecedented, utterly unpredictable thing. If sparing bloodshed was to be the goal, then avoiding war would have been the prudent path. But poisoning public opinion via newsprint, in favor of war, would make war appear unavoidable on both sides of the conflict.Greeley, having seriously injured himself chopping wood on his Chappaqua Farm, tapped Fitz Henry Warren, a Washington correspondent, to watch over the newspaper. Warren promptly filed a trembling dispatch, describing Union forces in ultra-glowing terms. And while Greeley popularized the well-known words  Go West, young man  in the days of westward expansion and the opportunities it afforded, another phrase that historians associate with Greeley s newspaper was born in latter May of 1861:  On to Richmond! But according to Lundberg, it was Warren who sired that refrain and also declared:  Unloose your chivalry, Man of high command . . . pierce the vitals of Virginia, and scourge the serpent seed of her rebellion on the crowning heights of Richmond. Keep in mind that the simmering North-South conflict hadn t yet morphed into a full-blown war, even as Greeley s paper agitated for all-out war and never allowed for cooler heads to prevail. For many, the unavoidable question is: Whose war was this? The Union s? Or the New York Tribune s?Warren wasn t the only Tribune staffer to escalate the nation into full-blown war. The  On to Richmond!  slogan, which at first was printed in the Tribune s tiny type within dense columns of war correspondence, was given new life with slightly different wording by the Tribune s Charles A. Dana about a month later. As Lincoln and his commanders continued careful deliberations, Dana recklessly threw the paper s full weight behind Warren s idea that Richmond must be taken immediately. Beginning June 28, the paper s masthead bore in boldface what Dana called:THE NATION S WAR-CRY Forward to Richmond! Forward to Richmond! The Rebel Congress must not be allowed to meet there on the 20th of July! BY THAT DATE THE PLACE MUST BE HELD BY THE NATIONAL ARMY!Greeley did come to his senses a little. He soon came to regret his subordinates  choice of words when the Union s push toward Richmond became the deadly debacle of Bull Run on July 21, 1861 following the approximate schedule that had been urged by the Tribune. Furious rebuttals against Greeley came from the Northern public and some press, as saner minds saw the travesty of the situation at a time when unlike today mainstream news journals were not so centrally controlled and offered a reasonable divergence of opinion.As Lundberg related,  Henry Jarvis Raymond s Times blasted the  insane clamor  of  certain reckless journals  and their  senseless and incessant cry  of  Onward to Richmond. But the Albany Evening Journal, offered an especially precise appraisal:  The  on to Richmond  dictators [emphasis added] have added another year to the war, a hundred millions of dollars to its cost, and opened graves for fifteen or twenty thousand more soldiers. The Albany paper, perhaps not realizing the full import of its own words, had pinpointed what Greeley s Tribune had become   a weaponized media, which would become the norm in the mainstream media as the 19th Century gave way to the 20th Century, and into the 21st Century.WAVERING FALSE FLAGSThe great  unmentionable,  however, is something that this New York Times account of Greeley s exploits did not address and which the Times will always avoid altogether: That the South s April 1861 attack on a Union military outpost at Fort Sumter, S.C., which provided the initial push toward the  Civil War,  would be a harbinger of things to come   in that it was a type of  false flag  operation, clandestinely arranged by the White House to maneuver the South into firing the first shot, the same basic model used against Japan in the lead-up to Pearl Harbor 80 years later.And less than 40 years later, when the American battleship USS Maine, on Feb. 15, 1898, was destroyed in Havana harbor, the media s lack of seeking accurate knowledge as to exactly what blew up the ship gave leading 19th Century newspapermen the platform they needed to instead detonate  information bombs , once again, instilling fear and overriding wiser counsel in order to blame Spain, and catapulting the U.S. into the Spanish-American War   the first international-scale war that set the dangerous precedent of constant U.S. military patrols and interventionism across the world.The leading fake news figures of that era who so inflamed public opinion toward that war are still household names: William Randolph Hearst and Joseph Pulitzer, the latter being the namesake of the famed Pulitzer Prize in Journalism.  These two moguls, who became emblematic of the era of sensationalized  Yellow Journalism , competed to see who could better ratchet up war fever against Spain.Hearst, on whom the movie Citizen Kane was loosely based, with Orson Wells playing the media mogul, was an especially reckless newsman. Ironically, Hearst had developed his passion for journalism in his early 20s and wrote for the Harvard Lampoon while a college student before working as an apprentice for the New York World s editor, none other than future rival Joseph Pulitzer.  Hearst s father had become wealthy from Western mining interests, so the younger Hearst was able to use his dad s backing to acquire the New York Journal. As Hearst sought to gain readership for his New York Journal against Pulitzer s New York World, he pursued increasingly sensational stories,  author and history teacher Ian C. Friedman noted online.   Front pages shouted about the boy who bit into a stick of dynamite thinking it was candy and leading to an  awful death,  and a tale of a deranged girl running down a street with her hair  all ablaze,  and other stories of violence, sex, catastrophe, and mayhem were typical of what became known as yellow journalism, so named because the newly-introduced colored comics sections often spread [yellow ink] to other parts of these newspapers. Hearst s penchant for publishing fake or exaggerated stuff as if it s  real  or accurate was given full reign as he angled for an ill-advised, pointless U.S. intervention in Cuba. In so doing, he took the forbidden leap from journalism to war participation. [He] was persistent in finding ways to achieve it, including organizing a daring and successful rescue mission to free a young, female Cuban political prisoner, Evangelina Cisneros, which he proudly trumpeted on the front page of the Journal,  Friedman added.  Though the Cuban insurrection against their Spanish rulers was stagnating, Hearst continued to send many of his high-profile writers and illustrators to the Cuba in hopes of capturing a great story.  Among Hearst s employees was the famed illustrator Frederic Remington.  In 1897, Remington became very bored by the lack of anything newsworthy in Cuba and cabled to Hearst,  Everything quiet. There is no trouble here. There will be no war. Wish to return. Responding to Remington s message, Hearst famously replied,  Please remain.  You furnish the pictures and I ll furnish the war. Less than three weeks later, the USS Maine exploded in Havana s harbor. The cause of the explosion that claimed 274 lives remains a mystery to this day.  Theories include that the ship detonated an external mine; that the blast was caused by an undetected internal coal fire; that it was attacked by the Spanish; and even that it was intentionally attacked under a clandestine American operation to force the U.S. into the war on false pretenses.Clearly, if we do not know what happened to the Maine even now, then Hearst certainly did not know what happened at the time of the explosion, yet he published headlines such as,  CRISIS AT HAND . . . SPANISH TREACHERY . . . Maine Destroyed by An Outside Attack, Naval Officers Believe. Other  war first, ask questions later, if ever  situations would follow. The May 1915 sinking of the British passenger ship Lusitania, which, having been secretly loaded with munitions, is thought to have been used as bait to help spark World War I. And even if the German U-Boat which sank her was not directly  baited,  the British admiralty, in tandem with the American admiralty, knowingly and willfully let that ship leave New York loaded with munitions, bound for   shark-infested  waters (German U-boats). Yet the existence of the munitions was not officially admitted until 1982.Nearly 1,200 unwitting passengers and the crew perished in an event that shifted American opinion against Germany, priming the pump for the U.S. to enter the war.Moreover, gutsy historian John Toland and retired sailor and researcher Robert Stinnett, among others, exposed the FDR Administration with reams of evidence demonstrating how Washington DC knowingly baited the Japanese into attacking Pearl Harbor, an event which sparked U.S. entry into World War II (and also for treacherously denying Pearl Harbor s commanders any warning of the coming attack).Stinnett, who earned 10 battle stars and a Presidential Unit Citation in World War II and was in the same naval aerial photography group as George H.W. Bush, was no flunky. His book on Pearl Harbor,  Day of Deceit  absolutely destroys those who hopelessly cling to the  surprise attack  narrative, which still includes the deceitful big media.There was also the second of the two Gulf of Tonkin incidents on Aug. 4, 1964, in which North Vietnamese forces allegedly fired upon the U.S. Naval vessels. But an in-depth U.S. Naval Institute review found that the Aug. 4 incident, which was the turning point that led to full U.S. involvement in the Vietnam conflict, never happened.  There was not a second attack on U.S. Navy ships in the Tonkin Gulf in early August 1964. Furthermore, the evidence suggests a disturbing and deliberate attempt by Secretary of Defense McNamara to distort the evidence and mislead Congress,  the USNI concluded.Congress, without a responsibly skeptical press to rely upon, soon passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution to cement the U.S. into what became the Vietnam nightmare. But no formal war declaration ever occurred.TOTAL INSTITUTIONAL FAILURE? Yet, as increasingly more people in our Internet age ask harder questions and finally discover the truth about all these watershed events, only mainstream editors, reporters and court historians, with rare exceptions, believe the old official narratives anymore narratives which ushered America into wars in such a manner that war has become a permanent fixture in U.S. geo-politics.Put another way, the Western press has not only utterly failed to stop the power of government from ballooning into a perpetual war machine   despite institutional claims that it  speaks truth to power    the mainstream media has been a major agent in justifying and escalating wars, without ever acknowledging its dreadful history of doing so. Covering-up real history and failing to consider other viewpoints and correct the record is arguably another form of fake, weaponized news because it denies the world a full reckoning of its past, thereby making future wars much more likely.Instead, an honest look at history shows, with only minor exceptions, that the mainstream orthodox press of yesteryear laid the groundwork long ago for the modern centralized news institution that relishes in  fear porn    supporting ongoing war, mayhem and grave economic uncertainty by covering up past and present realities, avoiding solutions and constantly recycling the corrosive narratives that go nowhere and cause real, lasting harm and have put, and continue to put, large swaths of humanity into early graves.*** Author Mark Anderson is an investigative journalist and features writer for American Free Press, and is editor of The Truth Hound. Contact Mr. Anderson at truthhound2@yahoo.com. READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22203,STOCKHOLM STUDY: US & Europe Top Arms Trade Globally – Saudi Arabia’s Weapons Imports Skyrocket Over 200 Percent,"21st Century Wire says According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), arms imports to Middle Eastern countries have had an 86 percent upsurge over the past decade. In addition, US arms exports have amounted to nearly one third of global arms imports from 2012-16.  SAUDI STRIKES   Saudi Arabia has repeatedly violated human rights during their ongoing military intervention in Yemen since 2015. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Stockholm s Arms ReportSIPRI is a Swedish based think-tank focused on independent research concerning  conflict, armaments, arms control and disarmament. Established in 1966, SIPRI provides data, analysis and recommendations, based on open sources, to policymakers, researchers, media and the interested public. The recently released Stockholm study yielded some stunning conclusions concerning arms exports from the US and Europe, in addition to arms imports acquired by Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries, most notably Saudi Arabia. According to this latest report from 2012-16, there has been the highest arms transfer volume over a 5-year stretch since the end of the Cold War. Here s a passage from the SPIRI armament findings that have dovetailed the ongoing Western-backed regime change campaign in Syria as well as Yemen: Saudi Arabia was the world s second largest arms importer in 2012-16, with an increase of 212 per cent compared with 2007 11. Arms imports by Qatar went up by 245 per cent. Although at lower rates, the majority of other states in the region also increased arms imports.  Over the past five years, most states in the Middle East have turned primarily to the USA and Europe in their accelerated pursuit of advanced military capabilities , said Pieter Wezeman, Senior Researcher with the SIPRI Arms and Military Expenditure Programme.  Despite low oil prices, countries in the region continued to order more weapons in 2016, perceiving them as crucial tools for dealing with conflicts and regional tensions. Continuing, the wartime study revealed the extensive arms supplies exported by the US in recent years: The USA supplies major arms to at least 100 countries around the world significantly more than any other supplier state , said Dr Aude Fleurant, Director of the SIPRI Arms and Military Expenditure Programme.  Both advanced strike aircraft with cruise missiles and other precision-guided munitions and the latest generation air and missile defence systems account for a significant share of US arms exports. Saudi Siege in YemenIn 2015, a US-backed coalition led by Saudi Arabia and other GCC countries, directed airstrikes inside Yemen, continuing their breach of international law after announcing a ceasefire and the apparent end of Operation Decisive Storm. The Pentagon sanctioned Decisive Storm, gave way to the Orwellian-sounding,  Operation Restoring Hope , even as the UN raised concerns over civilians killed throughout the consecutive Saudi Arabian airstrike campaigns in the region.In October of 2016, Time magazine confirmed the growing wartime alliance between the US and its Saudi partners as the intervention in Yemen escalated. It was then revealed that Saudi Arabia, purchased more than $20 billion in arms from the U.S. in 2015 alone. While Western allies claimed that the Saudi-led airstrikes on Yemen were meant to  restore  order   there was no explanation as to how the unprovoked bombardment would help bring stability to an already fractured region.Almost a month after the Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen began, the LA Times published a piece entitled,  Al Qaeda in Yemen using chaos of war to carve out terrorism haven. The mainstream outlet outlined the rise of Al Qaeda militants in Yemen, also known as Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) following the dubious air raids conducted by Saudi Arabia.The AQAP narrative was preempted by a Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) March 19th release one week before bombing in Yemen began. The article also curiously predicted the rise of AQAP (and other Sunni extremists) as a symptom of the US-GCC proxy war in Yemen: A sectarian conflict in Yemen could help AQAP exploit the instability and expand its domestic insurgency among Sunni communities. When considering the recent arms report outlined by SIPRI, we can clearly see a how a Western engineered proxy landscape took its shape in both Syria and Yemen over the past several years. Think-tank planners telegraphed their predictions around existing military operations already put in motion.Problem, reaction, solution   COAT OF ARMS    The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. (Image Source: sasnetold.eu)Western-backed Terror ExposedIn December of 2016, 21WIRE discussed the recent Stop Funding Terrorism Bill (HR 5433) openly supported by US Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard: Previously 21WIRE reported how US Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-D) received a somewhat hostile  reception when talking with CNN s Jake Tapper about her  Stop Funding Terrorism Bill.  Gabbard is the first US legislator since the 1980 s to openly highlight the very real problem of US clandestine services arming and supporting violent internatonal terrorist organizations, particularly those currently operating inside of Syria.Interestingly, Gabbard s important move to stop international terrorism comes at the exact same time when the outgoing President Obama has pushed his own executive action to lift all restrictions on US arms exports and support to proxy  rebel  or terrorist fighting groups operating in Syria and elsewhere. In this context, we can see clearly that there is a moral battle being fought in Washington   between those who oppose terrorism   and those like President Obama and Senator John McCain, who have seen it as useful  in the pursuit of their own geopolitical objectives, particularly by their open support of terrorist factions in Syria. Gabbard recently returned from a fact finding trip to Syria where she stated that Syrian people expressed that there are  no moderate rebels  fighting inside the embattled nation. Watch her discuss the matter with CNN s Jake Tapper below In 2013, the NY Times openly discussed the CIA s arms shipments (with Turkish aid) to parts of the Middle East, namely, Jordan, Qatar and Saudi Arabia. Unbeknownst to most US taxpayers at the time, the CIA was arming so-called  moderate  Syrian rebels, many of which have had links to terror. Here s a passage from the March 2013 NY Times report, that disclosed the Langley sanctioned arms shipments to rebels: With help from the C.I.A., Arab governments and Turkey have sharply increased their military aid to Syria s opposition fighters in recent months, expanding a secret airlift of arms and equipment for the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad, according to air traffic data, interviews with officials in several countries and the accounts of rebel commanders.The airlift, which began on a small scale in early 2012 and continued intermittently through last fall, expanded into a steady and much heavier flow late last year, the data shows. It has grown to include more than 160 military cargo flights by Jordanian, Saudi and Qatari military-style cargo planes landing at Esenboga Airport near Ankara, and, to a lesser degree, at other Turkish and Jordanian airports. In June of 2016, the content analysis site Media Research Center underscored the US-Saudi  rebel training  revelations:This training program, authorized by President Obama in 2013, allows the Central Intelligence Agency to arm and train Syrian rebels under the codename Timber Sycamore. Several days ago, the NYT reported the intricate history of the U.S.-Saudi arms relationship in Syria:  the C.I.A. and its Saudi counterpart have maintained an unusual arrangement for the rebel-training mission, which the Americans have code-named Timber Sycamore. Under the deal, current and former administration officials said, the Saudis contribute both weapons and large sums of money, and the C.I.A takes the lead in training the rebels on AK-47 assault rifles and tank-destroying missiles. The MRC report concluded that many of the arms shipments were found to have made their way to the black market via Jordanian intelligence: But now, some of the weapons intended for Syrian rebels have found their way to the black market. The weapons reportedly stolen by Jordanian intelligence operatives included Kalashnikov assault rifles, mortars and rocket-propelled grenades. Interestingly, since 2013, the CIA s involvement in rebel training facilities in Jordan have been publicly discussed. Here s a revealing passage from the the UK s Guardian on the matter: The Pentagon said last October that a small group of US special forces and military planners had been to Jordan during the summer to help the country prepare for the possibility of Syrian use of chemical weapons and train selected rebel fighters.That planning cell, which was housed at the King Abdullah II Special Operations Training Centre in the north of the capital, Amman, has since been expanded to co-ordinate a more ambitious training programme. But Jordanian sources said the actual training was being carried out at more remote sites, with recent US reports saying it was being led by the CIA. Flash forward to January of 2016, the NY Times disclosed that millions in arms shipments supplied to Jordan from the CIA and Saudi Arabia were somehow  stolen  by Jordanian intelligence operatives and put on the black market, according to official reports.Today, Reuters states that the CIA has reportedly frozen aid to apparent rebel groups in Northwest Syria. Here s a passage from the Reuters exclusive: Rebel officials said that no official explanation had been given for the move this month following the jihadist assault, though several said they believed the main objective was to prevent arms and cash falling into Islamist militant hands. But they said they expected the aid freeze to be temporary.The halt in assistance, which has included salaries, training, ammunition and in some cases guided anti-tank missiles, is a response to jihadist attacks and has nothing to do with U.S. President Donald Trump replacing Barack Obama in January, two U.S. officials familiar with the CIA-led program said. Interestingly, a new narrative taking shape blames an apparent militant attack on so-called Syrian rebel groups carried out by members formerly of Al-Nusra Front ( now of Jabhat Fateh al-Sham), a known al Qaeda s affiliate.In July of 2015, we at 21WIRE reported the following developments taking place inside Syria: it was reported that the  Army of Islam  operating in Damascus, executed members of ISIS   that s right, Sunnis militants taking out their own. The Gulf State backed  army  is comprised of 50 or so groups, including members of ISIS, Jabhat al-Nusra the Syrian branch of Al Qaeda and the Washington supported FSA rebels, the so-called  moderates  that the US is still collaborating with in Syria. Is it possible we are seeing a similar development concerning the recent Reuters revelations or is there something else at play?More about the Stockholm arms study on RT below  (Image Source: nybooks.com)RTBetween 2007 2011 and 2012 2016 arms imports by states in the Middle East rose by 86 percent, the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) said on Monday.India was the world s largest importer of major arms in 2012 2016, accounting for 13 percent of the global total, the study said. Over the past five years, most states in the Middle East have turned primarily to the USA and Europe in their accelerated pursuit of advanced military capabilities,  Pieter Wezeman, senior researcher with the SIPRI Arms and Military Expenditure Program, said. Despite low oil prices, countries in the region continued to order more weapons in 2016, perceiving them as crucial tools for dealing with conflicts and regional tensions,  he added.With a one-third share of global arms exports, the USA was the top arms exporter in 2012  16. Its arms exports increased by 21 percent compared with 2007 2011.Almost half of US arms exports went to the Middle East, SIPRI said, adding that arms imports by Qatar went up by 245 percent. The USA supplies major arms to at least 100 countries around the world significantly more than any other supplier state,  Dr. Aude Fleurant, director of the SIPRI Arms and Military Expenditure Program, said. Both advanced strike aircraft with cruise missiles and other precision-guided munitions and the latest generation air and missile defense systems account for a significant share of US arms exports. Saudi Arabia s defense expenditure grew by 5.7 percent to $87.2 billion in 2015, making it the world s third-largest spender at the time, according to a SIPRI report from April.More from RT News here READ MORE YEMEN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Yemen FilesREAD MORE ON SYRIA: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22204,Episode #174 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Fake News’ Week In Review,"  Episode #174 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this February 19, 2017 as host Hesher brings you this week s special LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:LIVE BROADCAST TIMING: 5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is a very special LIVE broadcasting connecting North America and Europe this week, as host Hesher covers the top stories in the US and internationally. In the first hour, we ll celebrate #FakeNewsWeek @21WIRE, as well as cover the Daily Trump, and America s tragic snowflake meltdown.  SHOUT POLL: Which Outlet is a Bigger Source of  Fake News ?   SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVDONATE TO 21WIRE HEREStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world  *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Listen to  Sunday Wire #174 - Fake News Week  with Hesher, Jay Dyer, Stewart H, Spore and FunkS0ul  on Spreaker.Download Episode #174 HERE// <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt;Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives   ",0
22205,"21WIRE.TV Members Newsletter – Feb 18, 2017","In this newsletter we ll include key updates on 21WIRE.TV premium content, as well as our GLOBAL:SITREP situation report, with exclusive commentary and analysis not covered yet at 21WIRE SEE MEMBERS NEWSLETTER HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22206,Boiler Room #97 – Mermaids and Swamp Life,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at a special time tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Stewart Howe, Infidel Pharaoh, FunkS0ul and Randy J for the 97th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the crew. Tonight the gang is discussing the latest on Trump, immigration, cultural warfare, media psyops, virtual reality, trans humanism, Bundy Ranch trial, Brexit, the nature of Islam and a myriad of news and main stream media shenanigans that have taken place since the last meeting of the ACR brain-trust know as THE BOILER ROOM.Direct Download Episode #97Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22207,The Changing Face of Mainstream Media?,"21st Century Wire says One of the biggest trends running through this election season has been the migration of elements formerly on the fringe of politics  into the center, or mainstream.Only a few short months ago, Breitbart News, fowas formerly classed as an element of the far right-wing of the media spectrum, and vanguard of the  Alt Right .  It is now occupying the front row of the West Wing alongside press stalwarts like the CNN, Wall Street Journal, Reuters and TIME Magazine.The following is a photo taken from the preparation hours before President Donald Trump s news conference which was held in the East Room of the White House in Washington DC yesterday.Times are indeed changing Haha Breitbart front row ! pic.twitter.com/ibgaDo1itn  RockPrincess (@Rockprincess818) February 15, 2017SEE ALSO: From the Fringe to the Center: #FakeNews in the Context of Left-Right DialecticsREAD MORE MSM NEWS AT: 21st Century MSM Watch Files",0
22208,"If You Answer ‘Yes’ to These FBI Questions, Then You Might Be a Terrorist","21st Century Wire says As 21WIRE has previously reported, if there is no real terrorist threat, then the thing to do is to create one. Such is the received wisdom of today s Federal Bureau of Investigation.Last summer, the FBI admitted in its July 2016 public relations release from the agency s counter terrorism  department, plans to  significantly increase its borderline illegal use of stings in order to catch what it claims are  would-be terrorists.  This amounts to an all-to-familiar dubious practice of using entrapment   used to organize, recruit, train and even supply materials to prospective neophyte terrorists in the US.Despite this dysfunctional policy of creating  bad guys  to catch otherwise innocent guys, the agency is soldiering on with other creative, psychometric street side tests to blanket-profile as many Americans as possible in the endless War on Terror  Indy100( ) For the past year-and-a-half the FBI have allegedly been using a 48 question survey to determine if someone is a threat, and one of the questions includes whether the target likes to go camping or not.The document, published by The Intercept, is known as the the  Indicators of Mobilization to Violence  (IMV) survey, and assigns points on factors such as religious observance, travel history, financial transactions, and physical appearance.It s like a Facebook quiz, but terrifying.There are, of course, logical and rational questions you would expect to find on a survey of this kind.Question 1 asks simply:Has the subject mobilised? (E.g. has the subject travelled, attempted to travel overseas to participate in violence; has the subject been arrested in a terrorism charge; or has the subject conducted a terrorist attack?Question 20 asks:Is the subject a regular consumer of extremist propaganda?And question 31 asks:Has the subject sought or received direct guidance from overseas extremists?However, there are a number of questions in there that seem obtuse and in many cases, appear far too broad to truly be affective in identifying someone with extremist views.Question 2 enquires:Does [the] subject possess or have immediate access to weapons?Americans own an estimated 265 million guns. That s around one gun for every American adult. And that s only going to go up as the GOP begins to reverse what it calls  excessive regulation  on firearms by the Obama administration Continue this story at Indy100READ MORE FBI NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire FBI FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22209,Flynn’s Out: Is ‘The New Détente’ Really Dead – Or Can Russia Still Benefit?," Andrew Korybko 21st Century Wire The global media is awash with analysis and speculation about the resignation of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, with everyone trying to make sense of what happened, why it occurred, and what it means for the future of the Trump Presidency and US-Russian relations more broadly.Flynn didn t resign because he broke any laws; he left the White House supposedly because of the erosion of trust between him and the President which occurred as a result of this  deep state -driven fake scandal.Neoconservative and Obama/Clinton-aligned elements of the US  permanent military, intelligence, and diplomatic bureaucracies conspired to get rid of one of Trump s most trusted and promising advisors in order to preemptively undermine his hoped-for New D tente with Russia in the New Cold War.Flynn was an integral part of this initiative and therefore had to be taken out as soon as possible, since his political assassination could change the momentum of the US   deep state  civil war and improve the odds that other revolutionary thought leaders such as Stephen Bannon and Stephen Miller   could be the next to go.Retracing The Sequence Of EventsThe grand objective is to neutralize Trump s capacity to  Drain The Swamp  (even if only partially as it relates to US-Russian relations) and restore the old order of business in Washington, even going as far as  delegitimize  and then later impeach the President if he doesn t bend to their will. That s why the Mainstream Media is making such a big fuss out of nothing more significant than an incoming National Security Advisor speaking with one of his many foreign counterparts during the transitional period, but it s because of an alleged  technicality  pertaining to the 1799 Logan Act that this American Hero was able to be taken down by the  deep state .According to reports, the FBI  coincidentally  happened to be eavesdropping on Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak at the exact same time as he held one of his discussions with Flynn, and the story goes that the designated National Security Advisor   at the time legally still a  civilian    had made suggestions about American foreign policy which unwittingly put him in violation of the aforementioned law. Furthermore, he purportedly misled Vice President Pence about the full content of his conversation with the Ambassador, and this in turn contributed to the erosion of trust that ultimately led to Trump asking for his resignation.Almost right afterwards, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer declared that Trump  expects the Russian government to return Crimea , echoing UN Ambassador Nikki Haley s earlier copying of Obama-era sloganeering about  the Russian occupation of Crimea . This prompted mainstream and alternative voices to declare that Trump has revealed his  true face  and that there is  no hope  for a New D tente to ever materialize. The general sentiment from the mainstream media was that this was a good thing, while the alternative one rued the loss of this historic opportunity.Uncomfortable QuestionsBut is that really the right way to assess this situation?Flynn is an experienced operative in the US  deep state , and he should have known better than to clumsily slip up and speak about anything which could be remotely interpreted by his presumed anti-Trump eavesdroppers to be in violation of any arcane legislation. He probably made a simple mistake in terms of how he expressed himself and that s what s to blame for this whole scandal, but there s no way of knowing exactly what it was that he said until an official transcript becomes available, if ever. Nevertheless, judging by the euphemisms that he used in his resignation letter, it s evident that Flynn did in fact apparently mislead Pence as it related to his conversation with Ambassador Kislyak.Or that s what he wants everyone to think.It s doubtful that Flynn would have gone rogue on Trump simply due to the overzealousness that he might have felt towards helping to reach a New D tente, so no matter how taboo it may be to wonder, it can t help but be countenanced that whatever it is he spoke to the Russian Ambassador about, he did so with Trump s implicit approval and per the President-elect s suggestions. If this is the case, then Flynn might very well have misled Pence   The Establishment s most powerful figure in the new administration   but still took the fall in order to save Trump from possible impeachment proceedings under the 1799 Logan Act.PBHISTORY For The 21st CenturyAll the brouhaha that s being created over Flynn s resignation and the manufactured  deep state  scandal over his conversation with the Russian Ambassador is really just a 21st-century manifestation of the Old Cold War CIA project codenamed PBHISTORY. This operation took place in post-coup Guatemala after the US successfully overthrew government in 1954, and its objective was to concoct  evidence  that the former President was linked to the Soviet Union. This could then  justify  the coup that was just carried out, but what s happening to Trump right now is almost the reverse implementation of that plan.Instead of trying to link Trump to Moscow after his impeachment, the  deep state  is trying to do so in order to catalyze a  legal  regime change against him. Flynn is being presented as the strongest  evidence  allegedly connecting the American President to his Russian counterpart by wide degrees of imaginative speculation, but nevertheless, in the narrative-controlled vacuum of the Mainstream Media, this alternative reality has begun to take root and become a never-ending talking point among the army of paid shills that they employ. In order to wiggle out of this trap, Trump has reactively taken to parroting The Establishment s position towards Russia by sending Spicer out to channel his message about Crimea, just like he earlier preemptively did with Haley at the UN.Does D tente Even Matter In both cases, it s unclear whether Trump really believes these positions or not, but in the larger scheme of things, it doesn t, nor shouldn t, really matter too much. It would be ideal if the US finally matured to the point of seeing the world through Moscow s multipolar eyes and accepted the reality that Crimea is in fact Russian, but even if it doesn t, that doesn t change the facts on the ground. All that it does is confirm that the sanctions pertaining to the peninsula s historic reunification with Russia will remain in place, much to the consternation of some neoliberal political and economic influencers in Moscow who might want them lifted for the wrong self-interested reasons.Of course, it would be great if these economic restrictions were removed and the EU decided to follow suit because this could symbolically usher in a new era of cooperation between Russia and the West, though the downside is that the counter-sanctions would have to be lifted and Russian domestic producers   already enjoying an economic renaissance of sorts   would be forced to once more compete with their international counterparts on the Russian marketplace. The cost-benefit assessment pertaining to this either-or decision is entirely up to Russia s strategists and decision makers to calculate, and no judgement is being rendered in this regard, but it s an objectively expected fact that the Western recognition of Crimea s reunification with Russia might bode negatively for the competitiveness of some Russian companies (mostly agricultural) within their own country.Now that Flynn s out and Trump is doubling down on his anti-Russian rhetoric, it seems ever less likely that a New D tente will be reached anytime soon, so any hope that optimists may have had about the supposedly imminent removal of sanctions has just completely evaporated. Nevertheless, just because the US is reminding Russia of its traditional hostility to it in the European front doesn t mean that it necessarily has to behave that way in the Mideast one, which is why there s still a chance that the two Great Powers might indeed enter into some sort of joint cooperation against Daesh. If carried out with Damascus  blessing (whether stated or implied), then this could also work out to Russia s benefit as well.Or Was It Just A Deception?From the provocative position of being the  devil s advocate , and for the purposes of simply presenting an alternative angle to the latest events, it s very possible that the prior dream that Russian strategists and decision makers might have had about reaching a New D tente was nothing more than a carefully crafted deception by the US. While Moscow has officially said on multiple occasions that it hadn t discussed the removal of sanctions with Washington and has no illusions about the difficulty of restoring bilateral relations between the two countries, there was popular speculation in some corners that Russia was willing to engage in preliminary trust-building  concessions  in order to facilitate this presumed eventuality.There s of course no real proof that this was ever the case, but the narrative is convincing to many and relies on conjectures related to the Russian-written  draft constitution  for Syria and Moscow s refusal to conventionally intervene during the latest Ukrainian-provoked aggression against Donbas. The author refuted the first line of thinking in the  best-case scenario  that he outlined in a recent article on the topic, while an analysis from two and a half years ago about the threat of a  Reverse Brzezinski  still accurately accounts for Russia s refusal to invade Ukraine. Even assuming that the author was wrong, however, and that Russia really is  conceding  on multiple fronts in order to attain sanctions relief for its elite and a New D tente for its strategists, then the latest statements coming out of the White House must have certainly sobered up even the most diehard pro-D tente individuals in the Kremlin. Crimea left the Ukraine and joined the Russian Federation in March 2014 (Image Source: YouTube)The cold hard reality is that even if Trump sincerely wanted to recognize Crimea as part of Russia and remove the sanctions   whether out of a genuine desire to start a new era of relations or in order to cynically squeeze as many  concessions  from Moscow as possible beforehand   the domestic political situation in the US now makes it all but impossible for him to do so, let alone anytime in the near future. This shatters the hopes of the well-intentioned ideologues who truly believed that the dawn of new era was on the cusp of finally approaching, while it unprecedentedly was met with differing degrees of acceptance by both the Mainstream Media and Western neoconservatives on one side, but also foreign policy realists and  patriotic skeptics  from Russia on the other.The first group obviously wanted to do everything in their power to undermine a Russian-US rapprochement, while the second was extremely cautious about what Washington might have expected from Moscow in exchange for the New D tente. For whatever their respective reasons may be in regards to the causes that they support (Syria, Donbas) or even just in general, some of the foreign policy realists and  patriotic skeptics  in Russia felt uncomfortable with their country potentially  conceding  some of its recent geopolitical gains to the US as part of a grand bargain, despite it being impossible to ever reach a New D tente without both sides participating to some extent of deal-making.This  conservative  camp inadvertently got a boost from Flynn s scandal, however, since they can now leverage more influence on the Kremlin in convincing it of the need to double down on relations with China and Iran in response to the US  renewed aggression towards Russia and consider expanding their country s newfound partnerships with Turkey and Pakistan. There s no longer any semi-legitimate concern in any serious circles that Russia will  concede  anything on any of these fronts so long as Trump keeps up his hostile shtick (whether he really believes what he says or it s just a distraction from domestic problems).Whatever deception the US might have had in mind for Russia when hinting at a New D tente has disappeared and Moscow s honeymoon with Trump is now over.Draining The Swamp or Ruling Over It? Trump s volte face towards Russia has been exploited by critics and even those who sincerely believed in him in order to allege that he s not draining the swamp, but ruling over it. They draw attention to how the only real differentiating factor separating the Trump and Obama Administrations  policies towards the multipolar countries of Eurasia was that the 45th President was presumably poised to enter into cordial relations with Russia, and even that, as the author earlier forecast immediately after the election, was entirely dependent on draining the  deep state  foreign policy swamp. Other than this ambitious initiative, however, Trump has already disappointed many people when it comes to his stances towards China and Iran, which has led many people to conclude that he was trying to separate Moscow from the Eurasian Great Power Alliance and neutralize its multipolar effectiveness per a neo-Kissinger stratagem.Those fears can safely be discarded   for now   because it s highly unlikely that Russia would ever move in that direction   if at all   without any tempting carrots being offered by the US, such as the possible recognition of Crimea and a removal of the anti-Russian sanctions. Considering that the Trump Administration s foreign policy towards Russia, China, and Iran is almost identical to Obama s except for the possibility of pragmatic joint cooperation against Daesh in Syria (pending Damascus  uncertain approval, of course), then it s fair to say that Trump is essentially leading the swamp when it comes to foreign affairs and that little has structurally changed except for the nature in which the US manages its established spheres of influence in the Western Hemisphere and the Eurasian Rimland (which might admittedly lead to dynamic and unpredictable developments).Ask a regular Trump supporter, however, and most of them will totally disagree with anyone who says that Trump is ruling the swamp. The author isn t talking about the foreign policy wonks on Facebook or alternative international media, but the standard Joes and Sallys who voted for him in the Heartland and could honestly care less about International Relations except for when it comes to keeping the US out of another big war halfway across the world. The truth is that the generic Trump voter might have been sympathetic to their candidate s reasonable pragmatism towards Russia, but it was never really one of the main factors determining their support for him. Take it from a Clevelander, not a nuclear physicist, academician, Twitter troll, or jet-setting journalist, among the many professional tropes that have become influential in alternative media lately, because here s what the average Trump voter cares about (in any given order):* Building the wall with Mexico;* Kicking out illegal immigrants;* Cracking down on welfare and other related government benefit freeloaders;* Restoring law and order to America s gang-ridden and riotous streets;* Fighting the War on Hard Drugs;* Easing business regulations and taxes on the Working Class (including Obamacare) while creating and bringing back jobs; Trump supporters are also instinctively anti-Clinton, so since Hillary was a hawk against Russia, then they were automatically receptive to the softer stance promised by Trump. That s just the way it is, whether for right or for wrong, but because of this, most of the regular Americans who voted for Trump honestly don t care too much about his policy towards Russia so long as it doesn t impede his ability to carry through on the domestic agenda that won them over to his side in the first place. Trump s base, love it or hate it, is domestically focused and cares about  America First . Even if they disagreed with him on some elements of his foreign policy, they d still vote for him based on what he was promising to do domestically, which is how most of the electorate anywhere across the world typically behaves anyhow.This is the opposite of the position held by the majority of pro-Trump voices in the alternative media community (not counting Breitbart, of course), who might have been opposed to Trump s domestic policies but sided with him regardless because of his international ones vis- -vis Russia. Many non-Americans who frequent these online communities might have therefore come under the misleading impression that most of Trump s supporters think the same way as these influential voices do, which isn t exactly the case. Now that some of the pro-Trump alternative media influencers have turned on him due to his volte face towards Russia and have declared that he now leads the swamp, the non-American audience might think that this position is representative of the bulk of his supporters in general, which is once again inaccurate owing to the professional idiosyncrasies of these said voices relative to the Working Class core of Trump s movement.No matter which angle it s looked at, however, there s no escaping the observation that Trump is indeed ruling over the foreign policy swamp, but appears to be in full revolt against the domestic one, at least as it relates to the 7 key platforms earlier enumerated upon which profile the most important issues for the typical Trump voter. Just as Obama succumbed to the neoconservative  deep state  in order to have a relatively free hand in carrying out his domestic agenda, so too does Trump appear poised to do the same, although the 45th President might simply be choosing his battles wisely with the understanding that it might be impossible to drain two swamps at once and that he should go after the  lesser evil  (globally speaking) first before aiming for the greater one (if ever at all again). This has a lot to do with both his personal and political self-preservation, as Trump understands that his support base mostly doesn t even recognize that a foreign policy swamp exists outside of the Clinton Foundation and George Soros, neither of which he s obviously rubbing shoulders with, so to them, he s still draining the swamp so long as he stays loyal to the domestic concerns of his movement.Concluding ThoughtsThe neoconservative  deep state  ouster of National Security Advisor Flynn from Trump s Administration is a worrying development which shows that the Clintonian Counter-Revolution is proceeding apace and won t stop until Trump is either controlled or impeached.In reaction to this onslaught against his team and responding to the fake  Russian puppet  narrative which has come to dominate the Mainstream Media discourse, Trump started to full-throatedly parrot some of The Establishment s most well-known talking points against Russia, especially as they relate to Crimea. This marks a dramatic change in tone and rhetoric from the President and signals that the domestic political pressure that he s under right now as a result of the latest manufactured scandal is too overwhelming for him to fully continue with the hoped-for New D tente with Russia. Nevertheless, that doesn t mean that such an eventuality should be completely dismissed, since it s still possible in principle for the US to coordinate joint anti-Daesh strikes with Russia in Syria (conditional on Damascus  approval, of course). What s importantly changed, however, is that the prospects for a New D tente, or even the remote semblance of one, in Europe have markedly diminished, and this can t help but catch the attention of the Kremlin.It s unclear what goes on behind closed doors in the Grand Kremlin Palace and what sort of factions there are in the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, but there was previously some concern expressed in various sectors of the alternative media community that Moscow was at risk of  going soft  on the US in Syria, Donbas, and elsewhere in order to exhibit  goodwill gestures  designed to reach the grand goal of a New D tente and the pecuniary reward of sanctions removal. There were some speculations about this which contributed to a persistent and ever-growing narrative among various circles, and they in turn led some to wonder whether the pertinent arguments were based in objective reality or were just a convincing attempt at gaslighting. Whatever they may or may not have been is becoming irrelevant, however, since the readjusted expectations that Russia now has of the US after Flynn s ouster and Trump s embrace of neoconservative rhetoric about Crimea have emboldened the patriotic conservatives which were previously cautious and possibly even outright skeptical about the New D tente, thus mitigating the chances that Russia will engage in any unnecessary preemptive  concessions  towards the US so long as this attitude remains in place (key conditional).The foreign policy twists that are playing out in the Trump Administration towards Russia have led some influential pro-Trump supporters in alternative media to conclude that the President has given up on draining the swamp and is instead now ruling it, whether because he decided to show the true colors that he s had all along or out of self-interested reasons in preserving his own political and personal survival. The non-American audience which frequents the said alternative media platforms might come under the false impression that this sentiment mirrors that of the typical Trump supporter, which isn t necessarily the case owing to the professional particularities of some of the highest-profile commentators in this community. While they re certainly entitled to their individual analyses, they don t exactly channel the sentiment of the grassroots masses which brought Trump to power, and their positions towards the President are mostly determined by his foreign policy, unlike the domestic policy which motivates most of his base. That being said, while the author by no means condones Trump s anti-Russian rhetoric and expected complementary actions, he understands that this should be seen separately from the President s domestic agenda and therefore doesn t impact the reason why his movement supports him in the first place.Trump is definitely on the defensive when it comes to draining the foreign policy swamp, and the case can be argued that he s already in the process of being coopted by it to a large degree, but the situation is remarkably different when it comes to the domestic swamp that his supporters want him to drain. While the appointment of former Goldman Sachs investment banker Steven Mnuchin as Secretary of the Treasury completely goes against the presumable expectations of Trump s slogan, it s not an issue which takes absolute precedence to his base in comparison to the other reasons why they voted for him. Trump supporters want the President to restore law and order to their streets, fight hard drugs and crime, be tough on illegal immigration and unfair trade deals, and ease the draconian Obama-era regulations on small businesses (including Obamacare), which is what the populist leader is poised to do regardless of his foreign and macroeconomic policies. This isn t to endorse either of the latter, but simply to explain the reality that Trump is still very popular among his base and isn t perceived of as having  sold out , and the dichotomy between the alternative media narrative and the grassroots one is due to the differing emphasis that the first category of voices typically places on foreign policy as opposed to the second one s natural focus on domestic issues.All in all, Flynn s resignation is evidence that the  deep state s  Clintonian Counter-Revolution is in full swing and that it s successfully (and swiftly) removed one of his top advisors. The international consequences of this are apparent, and it s that Russia is much more reserved about the prospects of ever reaching a New D tente and is less likely to ever enter into any preemptive  concessions  (whether speculatively or substantially) aimed at attaining this. Russia will probably reinforce its relationships with China and Iran as well as expand its partnerships with newfound friends such as Turkey and Pakistan, while the US stands ready to return back to its Obama-era policies towards the multipolar leaders of Eurasia. For the most part, the Trump Administration s foreign policy is beginning to look almost identical to the Obama Administration s, but in spite of that, the President still enjoys overwhelming approval from his grassroots movement because of their reverence for his no-nonsense and  politically incorrect  approach to domestic issues. Whether this is a  good  or  bad  thing is for the reader to decide, but this is the objective reality as the author presently understands it, though fully accepting that it could quickly change in any and all regards depending on certain variables.For the moment, however, the diminished hopes over the New D tente aren t necessarily a defeat for Russia, and should contrarily be seen as an opportunity by its strategists and supporters for the reasons previously mentioned.DISCLAIMER: The author writes for this publication in a private capacity which is unrepresentative of anyone or any organization except for his own personal views. Nothing written by the author should ever be conflated with the editorial views or official positions of any other media outlet or institution. *** Author and geopolitical analyst Andrew Korybko and contributor to 21st Century Wire. He studied international relations at the Moscow State University of International Relations (MGIMO), and is as a member of the expert council for the Institute of Strategic Studies and Predictions at the People s Friendship University of Russia. He also works as a current affairs writer for Sputnik News and is host of  Trend Storm  on Sputnik Radio. His book,  Hybrid Wars: The Indirect Adaptive Approach To Regime Change , extensively analyzes the situations in Syria and Ukraine and claims to prove that they represent a new model of strategic warfare being waged by the US.READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22210,Bundy Ranch ‘Standoff’ Defendants Prepare for Trial in Nevada,"21st Century Wire says Defendants in the Federal case against Nevada rancher, Cliven Bundy, his sons and a group of their supporters have had a key weapons charge against them dropped in a recent pretrial hearing but there is still a major legal battle ahead of them. The charges stem from an event in April 2014 when Federal Bureau of Land Management (BLM) agents tried to seize Bundy s cattle over a dispute between the Ranchers and the government about grazing fees in what the ranchers saw as federal over-reach in management of public land being at the heart of the dispute.Mark Anderson reports on the developing story of the Bundy Ranch Trials in the article below from American Free Press  Mark Anderson American Free PressA key charge on weapons was recently dropped from the charges that were filed against Nevada ranchers Cliven Bundy, his sons, and several of their supporters over their protest in 2014. So far, the case has been split into three separate trials, set to start soon in Las Vegas. AFP will continue to follow this case as it evolves throughout the summer.LAS VEGAS, Nev. A federal judge in a pretrial hearing on Feb. 2 dismissed the third count, related to firearms, in the 16-count indictment against rancher Cliven Bundy and 17 others stemming from their April 2014 resistance of a crackdown carried out by federal agents in Bunkerville, located in southern Nevada.The  standoff  happened when federal agents unsuccessfully tried to seize Bundy s cattle following a decades-long dispute that, according to the government, was over unpaid grazing fees. The event is widely seen as a collision of two worldviews emblematic of Western landowners  longtime efforts to resist and turn back what they see as heavy-handed federal micro-management of vast stretches of Western lands.While the Las Vegas Review Journal online called U.S. District Judge Gloria Navarro s decision to drop count three as a  minor victory  for the men  accused of organizing a mass assault on law enforcement,  other observers have insisted that federal agents, especially those from the Bureau of Land Management, were the actual assailants.Judge Navarro ruled to drop that count amid requests by the defense for several of the charges contained in the federal indictment to be dismissed, according to the Journal.Paralegal Tatum Wehr, assistant to Bret Whipple, attorney for Cliven Bundy, told this AFP writer Feb. 3 that Navarro s decision applies to all the defendants awaiting trial. That was seconded by Roger Roots, an astute Montanan who s a legal adviser to both Cliven Bundy and his son, Ryan.Roots explained to AFP in a phone interview that, while the dropped count has to do with the alleged use of a gun to  impede  federal officers, the three other similar gun counts that weren t dropped allege the use of a gun to  assault,   threaten,  and  interfere  with federal officers. In his view, those are just three ways of saying the same basic thing and that such wording is a deliberate way for the feds to get something to stick.Roots added that a motion to dismiss the case was filed on Feb. 2. That will be ruled on in a couple weeks. Unless that succeeds, this thing is definitely going to trial,  he said, adding,  This case is a big exposure for these guys. We re talking high stakes. According to Roots, the three remaining gun counts carry mandatory minimum sentences of several years each under what he described as an  evil  statute [USC 18, Sect. 924 (c)]. It carries stiff sentences (especially for second offenses) and mandates that the sentences be served consecutively, instead of the usual concurrent approach. The defendants could be looking at 25 years to life, depending on how many counts stick, as Roots understands it.Roots also said the federal government has been withholding critically important evidence from the defense, amid severe moral and ethical breaches and enormously wasteful and improper spending of tax dollars during the standoff by BLM agent Dan Love, a key figure in this saga.And with Love s testimony being the only thing the grand jury heard in the Bundy case before issuing its indictment meaning that the grand jury s inherent right to do its own investigation was never exercised the federal case evidently is far weaker than many people assume.An insightful overview of Love s behavior concerning the Bunkerville standoff and related matters can be heard here in an interview with Brianna Bundy, wife of defendant Mel Bundy, conducted by KSDZ-FM  The Twister  in Nebraska. They [BLM agents] laugh and joke about shooting women, shooting children, and dogs and horses,  Brianna told KSDZ, referring to evidence in the form of body-cam footage evidently being withheld from public knowledge. Love is accused of egging other agents on to aggressively view Cliven Bundy and his supporters as an allegedly mortal threat. The discovery process could bring this matter to light, but that has yet to happen Continue this report at American Free PressREAD MORE BUNDY RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bundy Ranch FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22211,COINTEL PRO: Are ‘Anti-Fascist’ Media Personalities Playing to the Cameras?,"21st Century Wire says In this age of hyper-politicized mass media, it s becoming harder to differentiate between those who are acting for the cameras, and genuine political protesters. Considering the FBI s own documented history of infiltrating left-wing activists groups in America, is it possible we are witness to some staged performances again?Fox New s Tucker Carlson interviews Yvette Felarca, a self-described middle school teacher  from Berkley and leader of the radical socialist  Anti-Fascist  flash mob mobilization organization known as  By Any Means Necessary  or BAMN. In this interview, Felarca can be seen openly advocating for physical violence against anyone, or any speech, whom she or her activist group deems as a fascist.   Earlier this month, Felarca was one of the media faces of the UC Berkeley unrest which sprung up over an event hosted by gay conservative personality Milo Yiannopoulos. According to Felarca,  Alt-Right  speaker Yiannopoulos should not be allowed to speak in public. Watch her adroit, and intense performance from last night here: Yvette Felarca first gained media exposure after previously leading an alleged counter-protest against a  Fascist Rally  at what was branded by the mainstream media as the  Battle of Sacramento  in July 2016.  On its face, this protest looked very much a staged media event, perfectly scheduled ahead of time, and with activist actor Felarca playing the part of agent provocateur for the cameras. At the Sacramento event, supposed protesters on both sides were holding what appeared to be light weight wooden props, apparently meant to be fighting sticks. Felarca s leftist group were wearing face masks and balaclavas to conceal their identities, another strong indication that these are not real protesters, and could very well be  activist  actors playing for the cameras. What is perhaps the biggest give-away of the staged performance was the fact that the scores of police who were on site just stood back while what appeared to be violence and heavy fighting broke out, allowing it to carry on for quite some time   which means that either they were not actually policing but supervising, or they were there as part of the backdrop for the media. It was a bizarre scene to say the least. Certainly, FBI programs like COINTELPRO which began in 1956, come to mind here.Watch the following montage of this media event: Watch what appears to be a well rehearsed, albeit overly dramatic, and borderline sociopathic TV performance here:  Despite the comparatively small size of both the CP and the American SWP by the late 1950s and early 1960s, their members  implantation in industrial workplaces, independent electoral campaigns, desegregation, and antiwar activities, as well as the bureau s fanatical obsession with  communism,  made them targets. New Left activists who were not only hampering the ability of the U.S. to fight in Vietnam, but also challenging ideological assumptions about women s roles, sexuality, and segregation garnered attention and harassment by the state as well. But the most disruptive and violent COINTELPRO operations in the period from the late 1960s into the mid-1970s were directed against the Black and Native American struggles.It was a general rule throughout the 1960s, that local police departments would devote at least 1 percent of their resources to surveillance and infiltration.13 These local agents, acting in cahoots with the feds, read the left-wing press and became familiar with the fact that organized leftists were involved in liberal and pacifist groups and that individuals were often radicalized by these ideas as well as by their own experiences of struggle. Media Lightning Rods  As far as the FBI are concerned, traditionally their justification for managing  radical  rightwing persons as is with the FBI s PATCON program, or leftwing personalities as confidential informants as with the Weather Underground and other groups   has always been that these colorful personalities were effective in attracting or recruiting  the worst of the worst  and therefore by attracting the most radical activists, the FBI would then be able to ensnare them in a sting operation in order to root out what the agency sees as potential threats by  taking this dangerous person off the street  or to  avert a future domestic terrorist incident.  This is also the same rationale applied to the use of informants to stir-up radical activity in Islamic mosques, and to entrap and convict  future terrorists  in the US.Certainly, Felarca plays a very unique dual protagonist-antagonist role in this very public political drama   as a recruitment tool for the radical left into her political front organization, but also as a media object of scorn for the Alt Right and for conservative media outlets like FOX and others. Hers is an active role in increasing political tension and polarization in the US. In this tenuous post-election environment, her scathing rhetoric  calls for violence will appeal the most extreme leftwing activists, while simultaneously giving some media (mainstream cultural) legitimacy to the most radical elements of the extreme left.Here agitator Felarca is allowed to start a physical fight which led to men kicking someone on the ground, and then police seem to recognize her before allowing her to leave the scene quietly: READ MORE COINTELPRO AT: 21st Century Wire COINTELPRO Files",0
22212,"FAKE NEWS WEEK: Truth, War Propaganda, CIA and Media Manipulation"," In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, 21WIRE is running its own #FakeNewsWeek campaign, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media as the real purveyors of  fake news  throughout modern history The Centre for Research on GlobalizationNever before has it been so important to have independent, honest voices and sources of information. We are   as a society   inundated and overwhelmed with a flood of information from a wide array of sources, but these sources of information, by and large, serve the powerful interests and individuals that own them. The main sources of information, for both public and official consumption, include the mainstream media, alternative media, academia and think tanks.The mainstream media is the most obvious in its inherent bias and manipulation. The mainstream media is owned directly by large multinational corporations, and through their boards of directors are connected with a plethora of other major global corporations and elite interests. An example of these connections can be seen through the board of Time Warner.Time Warner owns Time Magazine, HBO, Warner Bros., and CNN, among many others. The board of directors includes individuals past or presently affiliated with: the Council on Foreign Relations, the IMF, the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, Warburg Pincus, Phillip Morris, and AMR Corporation, among many others.Two of the most  esteemed  sources of news in the U.S. are the New York Times (referred to as  the paper of record ) and the Washington Post. The New York Times has on its board people who are past or presently affiliated with: Schering-Plough International (pharmaceuticals), the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, Chevron Corporation, Wesco Financial Corporation, Kohlberg & Company, The Charles Schwab Corporation, eBay Inc., Xerox, IBM, Ford Motor Company, Eli Lilly & Company, among others. Hardly a bastion of impartiality.And the same could be said for The Washington Post, which has on its board: Lee Bollinger, the President of Columbia University and former Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and individuals associated with (past or presently): the Coca-Cola Company, New York University, Conservation International, the Council on Foreign Relations, Xerox, Catalyst, Johnson & Johnson, Target Corporation, RAND Corporation, General Motors, and the Business Council, among others.It is also important to address how the mainstream media is intertwined, often covertly and secretly, with the government. Carl Bernstein, one of the two Washington Post reporters who covered the Watergate scandal, revealed that there were over 400 American journalists who had  secretly carried out assignments for the Central Intelligence Agency. Interestingly,  the use of journalists has been among the most productive means of intelligence-gathering employed by the CIA.  Among organizations which cooperated with the CIA were the  American Broadcasting Company, the National Broadcasting Company, the Associated Press, United Press International, Reuters, Hearst Newspapers, Scripps-Howard, Newsweek magazine, the Mutual Broadcasting System, the Miami Herald and the old Saturday Evening Post and New York Herald-Tribune. By far the most valuable of these associations, according to CIA officials, have been with the New York Times, CBS and Time Inc. The CIA even ran a training program  to teach its agents to be journalists,  who were  then placed in major news organizations with help from management. These types of relationships have continued in the decades since, although perhaps more covertly and quietly than before. For example, it was revealed in 2000 that during the NATO bombing of Kosovo,  several officers from the US Army s 4th Psychological Operations (PSYOPS) Group at Ft. Bragg worked in the news division at CNN s Atlanta headquarters.  This same Army Psyop outfit had  planted stories in the U.S. media supporting the Reagan Administration s Central America policies,  which was described by the Miami Herald as a  vast psychological warfare operation of the kind the military conducts to influence a population in enemy territory.  These Army PSYOP officers also worked at National Public Radio (NPR) at the same time. The US military has, in fact, had a strong relationship with CNN.In 2008, it was reported that the Pentagon ran a major propaganda campaign by using retired Generals and former Pentagon officials to present a good picture of the administration s war-time policies. The program started in the lead-up to the Iraq War in 2003 and continued into 2009. These officials, presented as  military analysts , regurgitate government talking points and often sit on the boards of military contractors, thus having a vested interest in the subjects they are brought on to  analyze. In 2013, Public Accountability reported:During the public debate around the question of whether to attack Syria, Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser to George W. Bush, made a series of high-profile media appearances. Hadley argued strenuously for military intervention in appearances on CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, and Bloomberg TV, and authored a Washington Post op-ed headlined To stop Iran, Obama must enforce red lines with Assad. In each case, Hadley s audience was not informed that he serves as a director of Raytheon, the weapons manufacturer that makes the Tomahawk cruise missiles that were widely cited as a weapon of choice in a potential strike against Syria. Hadley earns $128,500 in annual cash compensation from the company and chairs its public affairs committee. He also owns 11,477 shares of Raytheon stock, which traded at all-time highs during the Syria debate ($77.65 on August 23, making Hadley s share s worth $891,189). Despite this financial stake, Hadley was presented to his audience as an experienced, independent national security expert.The major philanthropic foundations in the United States have often used their enormous wealth to co-opt voices of dissent and movements of resistance into channels that are safe for the powers that be. As McGeorge Bundy, former President of the Ford Foundation once said,  Everything the Foundation does is to make the world safe for Capitalism. Examples of this include philanthropies like the Rockefeller Foundation, Ford Foundation and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation providing immense financial and organizational support to Non-Governmental Organizations. Furthermore, the alternative media are often funded by these same foundations, which has the effect of influencing the direction of coverage as well as the stifling of critical analysis Learn more about the Centre for Research on Globalization and the work of its founder and editor, Professor Michel Chossudovsky, as well how to donate to them at Global Research.ca. The original version of this article was published at Global Research in March 2011. READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22213,BREAKING: Michael Flynn Resigns as Trump’s National Security Advisor," 21st Century Wire says The scandal emerged after it was revealed that Flynn had a conversation with a Russian Ambassador, Sergey I. Kislak, during the transition period before Trump took office, supposedly over the issue of US sanctions against Russia. It is believed that Flynn had misled Vice President Mike Pence by not disclosing the full nature of these conversations.Flynn stated in a letter: In the course of my duties as the incoming National Security Advisor, I held numerous phone calls with foreign counterparts, ministers, and ambassadors,  Flynn wrote.  These calls were to facilitate a smooth transition and begin to build the necessary relationships between the President, his advisors and foreign leaders. Such calls are standard practice in any transition of this magnitude. Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with the incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology. This indiscretion was seen by many as an extreme beach of protocol  and a risk to national security. However, according to RT, Russian President Putin s spokesperson Dmitry Peskov stated on Monday that Flynn and Kislyak did not discuss lifting sanctions.In addition to the potential of a protracted scandal on the White House side of this issue, there is also another potentially more important issue   about the fact that agents working the Obama Administration were tapping Flynn s telephone and also that agencies leaked related information which formed the press narrative of this scandal. If so, this would amount to a covert attack on the White House  from inside the US government.Flynn s departure could interrupt positive headway made on the bilateral START nuclear treaty with Russia which Flynn had been working on up until this week.In the interim, Trump has named a retired Lt. General, Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr, as Acting National Security Advisor, although it is believed that Vice Adm. Robert Harward, a former deputy commander at US CENTCOM in Tampa, FL is Trump s likely choice to replace Flynn.Another name in play is also General David Petraeus, although it s not certain that his record will be able to endure the aggressive media pressure that is certain to follow if appointed.The following a copy of Flynn s resignation lette r:Breaking: text of Flynn's resignation letter pic.twitter.com/KGue1cJFzL  Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) February 14, 2017READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump Files",0
22214,Request to Halt Construction of DAPL Declined,"21st Century Wire says A request by Native American tribes seeking to halt the construction of the final link in the highly politicized and controversial Dakota Access Pipeline has been declined by a federal judge in Washington DC.The tribes at Standing Rock and Cheyenne River Sioux were not successful in claiming that the project will prevent them from conducting religious ceremonies at Oahe Lake but District Court Judge James Boasberg declined their request citing no imminent harm to the tribes  practices could be shown.As noted by RT and AP below, the project is headed up by Energy Transfer Partners, who s representatives argued that this halt in construction request over the issue of preventing tribes  religious ceremonies was  exceedingly tardy  and  not construction related.  The denial of this request is not coming as a surprise to many who are well aware that the DAPL project was more than 90% complete back when Obama signed a temporary hold on the project, which could have been largely a political move, leaving this issue for the Trump administration to handle. RTA federal judge in Washington, DC has dismissed a request by a group of Native American tribes seeking to stop construction of the final link of the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline.Standing Rock Sioux and Cheyenne River Sioux tribes claimed the project will prevent them from practicing religious ceremonies at Oahe Lake which they say is surrounded by sacred ground. District Court Judge James Boasberg stated there was no imminent harm to the tribes  religious practices as oil is not flowing through the pipeline yet.The ruling will allow Energy Transfer Partners, the company building the $3.8 billion, 1,170 mile pipeline, to finish the final 1,100ft (335m) connection under Lake Oahe in North Dakota, completing the project.The company s stock rose 0.3 percent after the announcement, according to Seeking Alpha.Boasberg will more thoroughly consider the request at a February 27 hearing, AP reported.The US Army Corp of Engineers filed documents favoring Energy Transfer Partners, having granted the final easement for DAPL last Tuesday. The Corps said that the tribes will have plenty of time to argue their case before the pipeline begins working, thus a work stoppage wasn t warranted.Energy Transfer Partners had argued that the tribes  argument that the work threatened their religion was  exceedingly tardy  and  not construction-related,  AP reported.The decision allows construction on DAPL to continue while the lawsuits against the project to proceed.Boasberg previously rejected a request by tribes to block the project in September. However, that ruling was superseded by the Obama administration s decision in December to delay construction, pending an environmental review.However, one of President Donald Trump s first acts in office was to sign a presidential memoranda ordering the removal of obstacles to the construction of both the Dakota Access Pipeline and the Keystone XL Continue this report at RTREAD MORE DAPL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire DAPL FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22215,"Lake Oroville Dam Spillway Damage Results in Evacuation Orders to 188,000 People","21st Century Wire says The Oroville dam in Northern California has sustained sink hole damage in the main spillway and over 188,000 residents of the local area have been told to evacuate. Helicopters are dropping rocks into areas of erosion to try to prevent ground from eroding further downstream of the primary and the never before used secondary, passive spillways at the dam.ABC10 noted late last week that the amount of water in the Oroville dam is challenging the design of the dam (due to the sink hole having formed in the spillway which required the outflow to be slowed) with 185,000 cubic feet of water per second are coming into the dam and only 41,000 going out.There is a passive spillway that has now been forced into use as the water levels rise and more rain is expected later this week, but its unknown what the down stream effects will be as this auxiliary spillway has never been used before. It has the potential of causing a lot of damage spilling downstream into the Feather River and towards residential areas. Reports indicate they have increased the outgoing water from the main spillway to lessen the potential damage of the use of the passive spillway.Join ABC10 below for live updates and ongoing reports on this developing situation at the Oroville Dam  ABC 10At least 188,000 people living downstream of California s Oroville Dam were ordered to evacuate late Sunday as officials said an emergency spillway was dangerously eroding and a failure could cause uncontrolled floodwaters to pour out of the lake.Water began flowing over the emergency spillway at the Oroville Dam in Northern California on Saturday for the first time in its nearly 50-year history after heavy rainfall.Evacuation orders still in place. We will work to keep updating everyone. Be safe. https://t.co/xjYGk6B8VF  Yuba County (@YubaCounty) February 13, 2017Crews are hard at work reinforcing the integrity of the levee adjacent to Tyler Island. Stay tuned to our social media for continued updates pic.twitter.com/6UIgIbCjWm  SacramentoOES (@SacramentoOES) February 13, 2017The Paradise Alliance Church is not longer accepting new evacuees. If seeking shelter visit https://t.co/zmTLivT9tA for updated list.  Butte County, CA (@CountyofButte) February 13, 2017Butte County offices in the Oroville area will remain CLOSED tomorrow due to the #OrovilleSpillway evacuations. @ButteSheriff @CA_DWR  Butte County, CA (@CountyofButte) February 13, 2017Continue this developing story with live updates at ABC10READ MORE US NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire US FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22216,Ben Stein Calls Out 9th Circuit Court: Committed a ‘Coup d’état’ Against the Constitution,"21st Century Wire says Ben Stein, reputable professor from, Pepperdine University (also of some Hollywood fame appearing in TV shows and films such as Ferris Bueller s Day Off) made some provocative statements on Judge Jeanine Pirro s show recently. While discussing the halt that was imposed on President Trump s Executive Order on travel. Stein referred to the judgement by the 9th Circuit Court in Washington state as a  Coup d tat against the executive branch and against the constitution.  Stein went on to call the Judges in Seattle  political puppets  and the judiciary  political pawns. Watch the interview below for the complete statements and note the stark contrast to the rhetoric of the leftist media and pundits who neglect to note that no court has ever blocked any Presidential orders in immigration in the past or discuss the legal efficacy of the halt or the actual text of the Executive Order.READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22217,Two-thirds of US Navy Strike Fighter Jets Grounded: Navy Claims No Money to Fix Them,"21st Century Wire says Defense News said that sixty-two percent of the US Navy s F-18s are grounded and out of service and attributed this to be,  mostly because there isn t enough money to fix them  and noted they are awaiting planned maintenance and are held up waiting on spare parts. One must wonder if there is more to the story. Could this many of the US Navy s fighters be out of commission when the DoD budget in 2016 was almost 600 billion dollars? How can there not be enough money for spare parts? With RT breaking this story down further, we ll find that there are many other factors to consider than just not enough money for spare parts. Factors including shore facilities in disrepair, refurbish/retrofit issues for new equipment, the delays in development of a replacement platform such as the F-35 and  compounded by over a decade of war  RTSixty-two percent of the US Navy s F/A-18s are out of service, of which 27 percent are in major depot work and 35 percent are simply awaiting maintenance or parts, Defense News said, adding that 53 percent of all Navy aircraft   some 1,700 combat aircraft, patrol, transport planes, and helicopters   can t fly.Moreover, there  isn t enough money to fix the fleet s ships, and the backlog of ships needing work continues to grow,  the article says. Some subs have allegedly been out of service literally for years,  as much as four years or more,  Defense News reports.The Navy  can t get money to move around service members and their families to change assignments, and about $440 million is needed to pay sailors,  according to the publication.  And the service claims 15 percent of its shore facilities are in failed condition   awaiting repair, replacement or demolition,  it added.According to John Venable, a senior research fellow for defense policy at the Heritage Foundation, the backlog is so huge  it ll take them several years to refit, refurbish, and repair the F-18s that are in unserviceable condition. They can t catch up  even if the Trump administration gave them all the money they need,  he told the Washington Free Beacon. For a variety of reasons, our shipyards and aviation depots are struggling to get our ships and airplanes through maintenance periods on time,  Vice Chief of Naval Operations Admiral William Moran told lawmakers on the House Armed Services Committee on Wednesday.READ MORE: Defense Secretary Mattis orders reviews of F-35 and Air Force One to cut costs It has become clear to me that the Navy s overall readiness has reached its lowest level in many years,  he noted, adding that among the problems causing the situation are funding reductions and  consistent uncertainty about when those reduced budgets will be approved.  Between 2001 and 2015, the Navy was able to keep an average of 100 ships at sea each day, Moran said, adding that the Navy is smaller today than it s been in the last 99 years. The budget caps imposed on military and nonmilitary spending in the Budget Control Act have degraded our military readiness,  Representative Adam Smith (D-Washington) told CNN, adding that among other factors, constraints have been  compounded by over a decade of war Continue this report at RTSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22218,FAKE NEWS WEEK: Mainstream Media – All the Fake News That’s Fit to Print," In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, 21WIRE is running its own #FakeNewsWeek awareness campaign, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media as the real purveyors of  fake news  throughout modern history   SARTRE 21st Century WireUnderstanding the complex relationships that make up human endeavors permeates every aspect of society and politics. The ability to be informed about events is a basic motivation to search out news about what is exactly happening in the world we all live in. Journalism purports to report the first draft of history. In practice, the press and media coverage is systemically bereft of relevant facts and completely void of objectivity. The currency of the realm is trust for all journalists. Their collective credibility is bankrupt for a very simple reason; their newscasts are based upon lies, newspeak and intentional deception.Carlin Romano in We Need  Philosophy of Journalism , asks an essential question that is not at all addressed by the Fourth Estate:  How can it be that journalism and philosophy, the two humanistic intellectual activities that most boldly (and some think obnoxiously) vaunt their primary devotion to truth, are barely on speaking terms? Essentially, every component of the mainstream media multiplex is foremost a business. The business model is to operate under the aegis of monopolies. Even a casual observation of the interlocking ownership of big media must acknowledge that the concentration of likeminded Oligopolists are in unison to construct a consortium of predisposed narratives that has nothing to do with seeking the truth.When the term Pressitude is used to characterize the profession, the uninformed or limited literate news consumers often find comfort in turning on their network disinformation program. Those who take pride in obtaining their news from  papers of record  like the New York Times and the Washington Post rely upon a different motivation. Their aversion to any source that contradicts the establishment worldview is so painful to consider that they adopt a feeble rationalization for self-preservation, which demands rejection of any argument, verifiable facts or documented evidence that challenges their scripted storyline of reality.The example of Sharyl Attkisson, and Judith Miller, have been treated differently by their own employers. The first demonstrating courageous investigative reporting; whereas the second produced a fabricated account that deceived the public about nonexistent WMDs in Iraq. Attkisson was ostracized, while Miller is now a FOX News contributor.Miller s Pulitzer Prize, awarded while employed by the NYT   is no badge of honor. The term  Yellow Journalism  is most closely associated with Joseph Pulitzer and William Randolph Hearst. Their sensational duelling newspapers and extra editions shared the  Fake News  prototype during the late 19th century and early 20th century. What once was conveyed by a cartoon image is now a 24/7 cable news cycle. Granted, the 21st century is different, but the spin and outright lies follow the same pattern of misinformation. Deception, falsification and distortion are absorbed as nonchalantly as a My Pillow advertisement that inundates the propaganda that masquerades as news.The orthodox version of American media journalism was crafted under the guidance of William S. Paley of CBS, setting the highest standard for news reporting at that time. Names like Edward R. Murrow, Elmer Davis, William L. Shirer, Charles Collingwood, Howard K. Smith and Eric Sevareid are icons in the industry. For those who contend that this era invented  The most trusted man in America  Walter Cronkite, one must not forget that the broadcast news division ran budget deficits, while the parent network was most profitable. Yet for all the celebrated accolades that CBS News coveted, the underlying message behind the script was Edward Bernays  propaganda. Fast forward to the internet age and you find that these one-time news bureaus no longer control their monopoly over the news cycle.Immediacy in information dissemination no longer guarantees accuracy in the report anymore than corporatist editing ensures the believability of the popularly accepted viewpoint. Nevertheless, the predominant originator of  Fake News  comes from a far more sinister source; government brainwashing. Indeed, at the very core of vast news media apparatus are state-sponsored operatives and embeds. Any pretense that there is any independence within establishment media outlets is a symptom of the chronic idiocy within the popular culture. Inserting the government fake news version, using unreliable sources to shape an echo chamber of official fiction is the paradigm for mass indoctrination. Controlling gatekeepers to filter out any conflicting accounts uses both covert and overt censorship. The flagship news purveyors devote their resources to discredit genuine freelance reporting from any ideological perspectives. Mainstream Media (MSM) has the mission to smear any alternative news source and label them as disrepute journalists.The American Press Institute states that Journalism s first obligation is to the truth. Then refines this criterion by adding conditionality to the standard:  Journalism does not pursue truth in an absolute or philosophical sense, but in a capacity that is more down to earth. By inserting a subjective value element, any reasonable expectation that the work product is trustworthy is suspect. It becomes the task of the reader or viewer to critically analyze the underlying bias and intention to inculcate the culture.  When Marshall McLuhan coined the phrase,  The medium is the message,  he was foreseeing the extent of the newspeak affixed within the medium was not fully appreciated.Corporations select journalists for their adherence to nihilism in reporting. The MSM s denial of objective facts and practicing deception by generating actual fake news has produced generations of na ve, ill-informed and confused souls   placing a purdah veil over the heads of trendy clones, fostering the shearing of the sheeple society.Escaping this planet of press corps apes requires a withdrawal from the sophism. The coordinated accusations of  Fake News  attacks by the dinosaur media upon autonomous internet reporting is a sure sign that suppressing truth to power is the only storyline that matters to these secular relativists and muckraking crusaders to maintain their stranglehold on headline sound bites.The selection agenda which determines what constitutes news is an editorial function that bears witness to the parameters for public conditioning. All other reporting is declared as  conspiracy theory.  Even a casual assessment of the foreign press provides a contrast to the perception spin machine from K Street or Madison Avenue. As the monopoly media manipulation resorts to their faux news narrative, astute observers understand that their broadcast lies are the real Fake News.*** Author SARTRE is a special contributor to 21st Century Wire. Learn more about his writing and join-in on more forum discussions at BATR.READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22219,Putin and Trump to Potentially Meet in Slovenia,"21st Century Wire says The Russian President, Vladimir Putin, had his first phone meeting with President Donald Trump after his inauguration in January and now it looks like the ground work is being laid for the first face to face meeting with Trump in person, perhaps in Slovenia.There certainly is a lot to discuss between trade, economic issues, security and of course terrorism. Putin noted, By joining our efforts, we could make a considerable contribution to settling these issues, including fighting international terrorism RT explores this report further in the below article. RT Ljubljana   and Slovenia in general   is of course a great place to hold such dialogue,  Putin said on Friday.Putin, who is currently welcoming Slovenian President Borut Pahor in Russia on an official visit, thanked his guest for his eagerness to host such a meeting, but said that the choice of venue did not depend on Moscow alone. If this meeting takes place someday, we have nothing against Ljubljana [as the venue],  Putin said at a press conference. He reminded that he also met with former US President Barack Obama in the Slovenian capital.READ MORE: Lavrov: Undoing Obama-inflicted damage to Russia-US ties will take great effortThe Russian and the new American presidents had their first phone conversation after Trump s inauguration in January. Yet, after Trump was sworn into presidency, Kremlin said it would take months rather than weeks to organize a meeting between the two leaders. It won t happen in a matter of weeks,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said in an interview with the BBC, adding the meeting could  hopefully  happen  in the months to come. Relations between Moscow and Washington have deteriorated badly over the past five years, the Russian president said on Friday. They  require recovery in the interests of both the Russian and American people,  Putin added, saying that Moscow has always  welcomed  mending ties with the US. We have always welcomed and count on restoring our relations to the full scale and in all directions, but it depends not only on us, but also on the American side,  Putin said.READ MORE:  Trump confronting rabid Russophobia found in DNA of Republican Party The new US president needs to finish forming his team, which will decide on  who will participate in the dialogues,  the Russian president told the media. Trade, economic, and security issues are to be among the topics discussed, including the  regions in the world suffering from numerous conflicts,  he said.'I don t know #Putin, but if we can get along with Russia that s a great thing'   #Trump https://t.co/6WmvIJcSQk pic.twitter.com/2OAohTJzxR  RT (@RT_com) January 27, 2017 By joining our efforts, we could make a considerable contribution to settling these issues Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22220,Message to President Trump from Syria’s Assad: ‘You Also Need Our Help to Defeat Terrorism’,"21st Century Wire says The following interview is the first western media appearance by Syrian President Bashar al Assad since Donald Trump took office in the US. In an exclusive interview with Yahoo News at the president s office in Damascus, Assad said President Trump s freeze on refugees into his country   part of an executive order that has drawn widespread protests and is being challenged in federal court    is an American issue  on which he would not take sides. But asked if some of those who fled are  aligned with terrorists,  Assad quickly replied,  Definitely. What is clear from this interview is that the President Assad has a much deeper and more realistic understanding of the real threat of terrorism, and the causes of terrorism   far and away beyond the shallow, childish rhetoric we hear on a daily basis from those US officials still openly supporting radical Islamist terrorists in Syria like US Senators like John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Bob Corker and other who are still clinging to the fictional narrative of the  moderate rebel  in Syria. It is also clear that Assad has a much more intelligent handle on the concept of  safe zones  than the Trump Administration so far, as well as a better understanding of the totality of refugee issue, who Assad said is partly fuelled by the crippling sanctions imposed by the US. Watch: ",0
22221,FAKE NEWS WEEK: How Mainstream Media ‘Fake News’ Led to the U.S. Invasion of Iraq," In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, 21WIRE is running its own #FakeNewsWeek awareness campaign, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media as the real purveyors of  fake news  throughout modern history  MSM LIES: Judith Miller of the New York Times was a key media operative used to sell the Iraq War to the public.  By Timothy Alexander GuzmanThe mainstream media (MSM) has declared war on alternative media websites labeling them Fake News ever since Hillary Clinton lost the election to Donald Trump. The New York Times editorial board expressed their frustration in an article calling for the censorship of alternative and social media    Facebook and the Digital Virus Called Fake News, which claimed both social media platforms (Facebook and Google) has not been aggressive enough in blocking fake news sites: Most of the fake news stories are produced by scammers looking to make a quick buck. The vast majority of them take far-right positions. But a big part of the responsibility for this scourge rests with internet companies like Facebook and Google, which have made it possible for fake news to be shared nearly instantly with millions of users and have been slow to block it from their sites. Some of the websites named in a fake news list by Melissa  Mish  Zimdars, an assistant professor of communication at Merrimack College in Massachusetts including 21st Century Wire, Activist Post, Global Research.ca, Lew Rockwell.com, Natural News.com and ProjectVeritas (who released undercover videos of the DNC attempting to rig the elections) and others have exposed the lies by MSM [mainstream media] propaganda.The MSM has lost its credibility and at the same time lost viewers at unprecedented levels. on April 17, 2016, the Associated Press reported on how the U.S. population viewed the MSM    Poll: Getting facts right key to Americans  trust in media said that,  Just 6 percent of people say they have a lot of confidence in the media, putting the news industry about equal to Congress and well below the public s view of other institutions. Now they want to stop the alternative media from becoming a credible source for news. The New York Times is calling for the censorship of the alternative and social media by blocking misinformation :Blocking misinformation will help protect the company s brand and credibility. Some platforms have suffered when they have failed to address users  concerns. Twitter users, for instance, have backed away from that platform because of abusive trolling, threatening posts and hate speech, which the company hasn t been able to control.Mr. Zuckerberg himself has spoken at length about how social media can help improve society. In a 2012 letter to investors, he said it could  bring a more honest and transparent dialogue around government that could lead to more direct empowerment of people, more accountability for officials and better solutions to some of the biggest problems of our time.  None of that will happen if he continues to let liars and con artists hijack his platform.Just to be clear, there are a number of websites that do spread misinformation including those in the alternative media, but it is fair to say that they never have caused the deaths of millions of people like The New York Times when it comes to U.S. foreign policy. A recent example is the U.S. led war against Iraq in 2003. After the September 11th attacks, the George W. Bush administration made a false accusation that the Iraq government had Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMDs) which led to a U.S. invasion eventually toppling Iraqi President Saddam Hussein. The U.S. led war turned out to be a calculated plan by The Project for the New American Century (PNAC), a neo-conservative think-tank who wrote the secretive blueprint called,  Rebuilding America s Defenses: Strategies, Forces And Resources For A New Century to remove Saddam Hussein and the Ba ath party from power. The blueprint was originally written for the neocon lunatics who served under then-President George W. Bush including Vice-President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to establish an international Security order dominated by the United States. According to the document: In broad terms, we saw the project as building upon the defense strategy outlined by the Cheney Defense Department in the waning days of the Bush Administration. The Defense Policy Guidance (DPG) drafted in the early months of 1992 provided a blueprint for maintaining U.S. preeminence, precluding the rise of a great power rival, and shaping the international security order in line with American principles and interests. PNAC was founded by neoconservatives William Kristol, a political analyst, media commentator (FOX News, ABC News) and the founder and editor of The Weekly Standard and Robert Kagan, an author, columnist, and foreign-policy commentator who is a member of the Council of Foreign Relations (CFR) and a fellow at the Brookings Institution. Kagan is also the husband of Victoria Nuland, the Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs appointed by President Obama who helped orchestrate a coup against the Ukrainian government of the democratically elected President Viktor Yanukovych. The blueprint for regime change in Iraq was planned way before George W. Bush became President in 2001: Indeed, the United States has for decades sought to play a more permanent role in Gulf regional security. While the unresolved conflict with Iraq provides the immediate justification, the need for a substantial American force presence in the Gulf transcends the issue of the regime of Saddam Hussein. However, Judith Miller (who is currently an adjunct fellow at the Manhattan Institute) and The New York Times played a crucial role for the Bush Administration. Miller wrote one of the main articles on Iraq s  WMDs  that justified the Bush Administration s agenda to topple Saddam Hussein and the Ba ath party. The article was not just  fake  news telling a lie that deceived the public, it destroyed a sovereign nation. The U.S. war against Iraq killed more than 1.4 million Iraqis (according to www.justforeignpolicy.org estimates) and more than 4,400 U.S. troops and tens of thousands permanently injured. The Iraq War also displaced millions of Iraqis thus creating a refugee crisis in neighboring countries including Syria. The destabilization of Iraq has also created a terrorist recruiting base that has spread throughout the Middle East including Syria.The New York Times published Miller s article on April 21st, 2003    AFTER EFFECTS: PROHIBITED WEAPONS; Illicit Arms Kept Till Eve of War, An Iraqi Scientist Is Said to Assert which claimed that an Iraqi scientist confirmed that the Iraqi government had WMDs:They said the scientist led Americans to a supply of material that proved to be the building blocks of illegal weapons, which he claimed to have buried as evidence of Iraq s illicit weapons programs. The scientist also told American weapons experts that Iraq had secretly sent unconventional weapons and technology to Syria, starting in the mid-1990 s, and that more recently Iraq was cooperating with Al Qaeda, the military officials said.The Americans said the scientist told them that President Saddam Hussein s government had destroyed some stockpiles of deadly agents as early as the mid-1990 s, transferred others to Syria, and had recently focused its efforts instead on research and development projects that are virtually impervious to detection by international inspectors, and even American forces on the ground combing through Iraq s giant weapons plantsOn April, 22, 2003, Miller appeared on the PBS News Hour and spoke about her evidence on what she described as a Silver Bullet from an Iraqi scientist who allegedly worked on Saddam s weapons program:RAY SUAREZ: The task of finding that definitive proof falls in part to specialized teams within the U.S. Military. New York Times correspondent Judith Miller is reporting on the search conducted by units of the 75th exploitation task force. And she joins us now by phone south of Baghdad. Judith Miller, welcome back to the program. Has the unit you ve been traveling with found any proof of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq?JUDITH MILLER: Well, I think they found something more than a  smoking gun.  What they ve found is what is being called here by the members of MET Alpha  that s Mobile Exploitation Team Alpha  what they found is a silver bullet in the form of a person, an Iraqi individual, a scientist, as we ve called him, who really worked on the programs, who knows them firsthand, and who has led MET Team Alpha people to some pretty startling conclusions that have kind of challenged the American intelligence community s under  previous understanding of, you know, what we thought the Iraqis were doing.RAY SUAREZ: Does this confirm in a way the insistence coming from the U.S. government that after the war, various Iraqi tongues would loosen, and there might be people who would be willing to help?JUDITH MILLER: Yes, it clearly does. I mean, it s become pretty clear to those of us on the ground that the international inspectors, without actually controlling the territory and changing the political environment, would never have been able to get these people to step forward. I mean, you can only do that when you know there is not going to be a secret policeman at your door the next day, and that your family isn t going to suffer because you re talking. And that s what the Bush administration has finally done. They have changed the political environment, and they ve enabled people like the scientists that MET Alpha has found to come forth. Now, what initially the weapons hunters thought they were going to find were stockpiles of kind of chemical and biological agents. That s what they anticipated finding. We now know from the scientist that, in fact, that probably isn t what we re going to find. What they will find, and what they have found so far, are kind of precursors; that is, building blocks of what you would need to put together a chemical or a biological weapon.But those stockpiles that we ve heard about, well, those have either been destroyed by Saddam Hussein, according to the scientists, or they have been shipped to Syria for safekeeping. And what I think the interpretation of the MET Alpha people is, is why he did this. They believe that Saddam Hussein wanted to destroy the evidence of his unconventional weapons programs, and that s what he has done  not only since 1995, but also in the weeks and months that led up to the war itself. There was mass destruction. And the scientist who has been cooperating with MET Alpha has actually said that he participated in  he kind of watched, you know, a warehouse being burned that contained potentially incriminating biological equipment. So clearly what Saddam Hussein wanted to do was cover his weapons of mass destruction tracks. And that means that the whole shape of the hunt here on the ground for unconventional weapons is changing.The problem with Miller s assertion that Iraq had WMDs is that it relied on an Iraqi exile named Ahmed Chalabi who wanted regime change against Saddam Hussein s government. James Moore of The Guardian wrote,  How Chalabi and the White House held the front page    how  The New York Times has burned its reputation on a pyre of lies about Iraq    described Chalabi as a convicted criminal who embezzled millions from his Petra Bank in Amman, Jordan. Moore said the following: Judith Miller, a Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter and authority on the Middle East for the NYT, appears to have been the most reliant on Chalabi. In an email exchange with the NYT s Baghdad bureau chief John Burns, Miller said Chalabi  had provided most of the front page exclusives for our paper . She later said that this was an exaggeration, but in an earlier interview with me, Miller did not discount the value of Chalabi s insight.  Of course, I talked with Chalabi,  she said.  But he was just one of many sources I used. Miller refused to say who those other sources were but, at Chalabi s behest, she interviewed various defectors from Saddam Hussein s regime, who claimed without substantiation that there was still a clandestine WMD programme operating inside Iraq. US investigators now believe that Chalabi sent these same Iraqi expatriates to at least eight Western spy agencies as part of a scheme to convince them to overthrow Saddam. Mr. Moore mentioned Miller s article which was co-written with Michael R. Gordon and published by The New York Times on September 8th, 2002 titled,  THREATS AND RESPONSES: THE IRAQIS; U.S. SAYS HUSSEIN INTENSIFIES QUEST FOR A-BOMB PARTS    claiming that Saddam was building a uranium gas separator to develop nuclear material :If spies wanted a trophy to show what happens when their craft is perfectly executed, it would be a story written by Judith Miller on the front page of the New York Times on a Sunday morning in September 2002. She wrote that an intercepted shipment of aluminum tubes, to be used for centrifuges, was evidence that Saddam was building a uranium gas separator to develop nuclear material.The story had an enormous impact, one amplified when national security adviser Condoleezza Rice, secretary of state Colin Powell and vice-president Dick Cheney all did appearances on the Sunday-morning talk shows, citing the first-rate journalism of the liberal NYT. No single story did more to advance the neoconservative cause.Here is the original excerpt from Miller s original September 8th 2002 New York Times article: More than a decade after Saddam Hussein agreed to give up weapons of mass destruction, Iraq has stepped up its quest for nuclear weapons and has embarked on a worldwide hunt for materials to make an atomic bomb, Bush administration officials said today.In the last 14 months, Iraq has sought to buy thousands of specially designed aluminum tubes, which American officials believe were intended as components of centrifuges to enrich uranium. American officials said several efforts to arrange the shipment of the aluminum tubes were blocked or intercepted but declined to say, citing the sensitivity of the intelligence, where they came from or how they were stopped. According to Moore (and many other journalists, researchers and alternative media outlets), Judith Miller s story was completely false and that the the aluminum tubes were covered with an anodised coating, which rendered them useless for a centrifuge, according to a number of scientists who spoke publicly after Miller s story. Moore continued the tubes, in fact, were almost certainly intended for use as rocket bodies. Lastly, Moore quoted what Miller had told him about her sources which lead to the WMD hoax: I had no reason to believe what I reported was inaccurate,  Miller told me.  I believed the intelligence I had. We tried really hard to get more information and we vetted information very, very carefully.  A few months after the aluminum tubes story, a former CIA analyst explained to me how simple it had been to manipulate the correspondent and her newspaper. The White House had a perfect deal with Miller,  he said.  Chalabi is providing the Bush people with the information they need to support their political objectives, and he is supplying the same material to Judy Miller. Chalabi tips her on something and then she goes to the White House, which has already heard the same thing from Chalabi, and she gets it corroborated. She also got the Pentagon to confirm things for her, which made sense, since they were working so closely with Chalabi. Too bad Judy didn t spend a little more time talking to those of us who had information that contradicted almost everything Chalabi said. The New York Times was clearly embarrassed by Miller s articles after the fact that Miller was wrong all along about the WMDs that led up to the invasion of Iraq. Nothing was ever found. On May 26th, 2004, the editorial board admitted their wrongdoing. The article,  FROM THE EDITORS; The Times and Iraq,  stated that,  We have examined the failings of American and allied intelligence, especially on the issue of Iraq s weapons and possible Iraqi connections to international terrorists which blames U.S. and other intelligence agencies (which do share the blame to an extent).The editorial piece continued We have studied the allegations of official gullibility and hype. It is past time we turned the same light on ourselves. Well, they do turn the light on themselves, sort of: But we have found a number of instances of coverage that was not as rigorous as it should have been. In some cases, information that was controversial then, and seems questionable now, was insufficiently qualified or allowed to stand unchallenged. Looking back, we wish we had been more aggressive in re-examining the claims as new evidence emerged   or failed to emerge.The problematic articles varied in authorship and subject matter, but many shared a common feature. They depended at least in part on information from a circle of Iraqi informants, defectors and exiles bent on  regime change  in Iraq, people whose credibility has come under increasing public debate in recent weeks. (The most prominent of the anti-Saddam campaigners, Ahmad Chalabi, has been named as an occasional source in Times articles since at least 1991, and has introduced reporters to other exiles. He became a favorite of hard-liners within the Bush administration and a paid broker of information from Iraqi exiles, until his payments were cut off last week). Complicating matters for journalists, the accounts of these exiles were often eagerly confirmed by United States officials convinced of the need to intervene in Iraq. Administration officials now acknowledge that they sometimes fell for misinformation from these exile sources. So did many news organizations   in particular, this one The New York Times admittance that their journalistic principals had failed was too little and too late. The MSM in particular The New York Times relied on  fake  evidence from Ahmad Chalabi for years (since 1991 to be exact). The MSM failed the Iraqi people who suffered enormously under a pack of lies that destroyed their country. When Washington uses  propaganda  or fake news reports against a sovereign nation, the outcome is always  regime change  that sometimes leads to an all-out war. The MSM has time and time again been guilty of perpetrating fake news stories to assist in Washington s Imperial agenda.The Iraq War was the biggest lie of the 21st century. What other fake news stories will appear on the MSM websites and newspapers in the future regarding Syria, Russia, China, Iran, the Palestinians, Venezuela, Cuba, Ecuador, Nicaragua, and even the U.S. President-elect, Donald Trump?To answer that, we just don t know, but it is up to the alternative media to decipher the  fake  stories and bring out the truth. It is just a matter of time that the MSM will falsify another story; let s just hope it won t lead to another war in the process.*** Author Timothy Alexander Guzman is an independent researcher and writer with a focus on political, economic, media and historical spheres. He has been published in Global Research, The Progressive Mind, European Union Examiner, News Beacon Ireland, WhatReallyHappened.com, EIN News and a number of other alternative news sites. Areas of specialization include political issues, economic issues, media and history. This article was originally published at Silent Crow News.READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22222,Boiler Room #96 – The Great Lobster Degeneracy & The Art of Debate,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at a special time tonight 5:30 PM PST | 7:30 PM CST | 8:30 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki host of The Nameless Podcast, Jay Dyer Jay s Analysis, Stewart Howe and Randy J for the 96th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the crew. Tonight the gang is discussing the myriad of news and main stream media shenanigans that have taken place since the last meeting of the ACR brain-trust know as THE BOILER ROOM.Listen to  Boiler Room #96  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #96SPECIAL EVENT: Immediately following BOILER ROOM  Debate the State: State or No State.  Tonight at 7:30 PM PST | 9:30 PM CST | 10:30 PM EST: Jay Dyer versus Adam Kokesh in a 2 hour formal setting of position, response, on the Spearhead Transmission Podcast and Live-Streamed on YouTube.com below and Audio via Alternate Current Radio Network.Download audio version of Jay Dyer vs. Adam Kokesh debate the statePlease like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22223,BREAKING: Trump’s Travel Ban Halt Upheld by 9th Circuit Court,"21st Century Wire says Today the 9th Circuit Court of appeals has ruled to uphold the halt on allowing enforcement of President Trump s Executive Order banning travel from seven countries in the Middle East. Even as the mainstream media is touting it as a  win  for left wing activists and the democrats who have their heels dug in against  all things Trump,  many readers will find that it is not much of a surprise to hear that the case will be headed to a further round of appeals. It may be difficult for the courts to continue holding up this stay against the Executive Order as their primary argument is that the order is a  Muslim ban.  Anyone who s read the actual Executive Order Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the US will find it fairly clear that there is no such language in the EO. RT explores this breaking news further in the report below with some embedded commentary from Lionel Media. RT We hold that the government has not shown a likelihood of success on the merits of its appeal, nor has it shown that failure to enter a stay would cause irreparable injury, and we therefore deny its emergency motion for a stay,  the appeals court s decision said.Government lawyers were put to the test by the three-judge panel, arguing in favor of enforcing the travel ban while litigation over it is ongoing.The 9th Circuit Court was not ruling on whether the order was constitutional or not. The issue at hand was whether it would be enforced while legal challenges made their way through the judicial system.Large parts of the executive order had been suspended by US District Judge James L. Robart in Seattle, who incurred President Trump s fury on Twitter. Trump called him a  so-called judge  who  opens up our country to potential terrorists  and puts the country in  peril. The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017Trump s gripes with the judicial branch of government were echoed by DOJ lawyer August E. Flentje. When asked on Tuesday by Judge Michelle T. Friedland whether he was arguing  that the president s decision in that regard is unreviewable,  Flentje responded in the affirmative.Washington Solicitor General Noah Purcell, who also represented Minnesota, seemed to express similar feelings when he argued to keep the travel ban in place by telling the appeals court that if they did not  abdicate  their check on the executive branch, they would  throw the country back into chaos. The three judges also argued amongst themselves over whether or not the travel ban on seven predominantly Muslim countries constituted a Muslim ban. Judge Richard Clifton argued that the countries affected by the executive order  encompass only a relatively small percentage of Muslims. I have trouble understanding we re supposed to infer religious animus,  he said.Washington State argued against the DOJ and claimed that the ban was based on religion after former Trump advisor, Rudy Giuliani, claimed on Fox News that Trump had asked him how to pass a legal Muslim ban.Wash.: Well, the Pres called for complete bans on Muslims entering the country. That's what adviser said on TV. #WAvTrump  Brian Goldman (@briangoldman) February 7, 2017 Wash.: We can infer animus from public statements of Pres and top advisers   intent to ban Muslims. #WAvTrump  Brian Goldman (@briangoldman) February 7, 2017Washington also cited the many lawful permanent residents who were impacted by the executive order, some of whom were detained in airports after trying to reenter the country legally. While the executive order has since been rewritten to exclude lawful permanent residents, Washington argued that it was a sign of  bad faith. Wash.: Cases say you can look behind order to find motives where there are allegations of bad faith, which we have here. #WAvTrump  Brian Goldman (@briangoldman) February 7, 2017The ruling was nearly guaranteed to be appealed up to the Supreme Court from the get-go Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22224,"EP #13: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Fake News, Fake Crisis’ with guest Mark Anderson","  In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, 21WIRE is running its own #FakeNewsWeek awareness campaign, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media as the real purveyors of  fake news  throughout modern history  Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 12 This week we tackle the issue of  fake news    through a historical lens and from behind the media curtain In our main feature segment, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest, investigative journalist, Mark Anderson from American Free Press and The Truth Hound, to talk about his experience covering the Bilderberg Group, as well as the faux crisis known as fake news   where it came from and what it means in the context of today s political circus. Listen Listen to  EP 13: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with Mark Anderson  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESPatrick Henningsen is editor of 21st Century Wire and also the host of the THE SUNDAY WIRE which broadcasts LIVE on Alternate Current Radio Sundays from 5pm-8pm GMT, 12pm-3pm EST, 9am-12pm PST. He is also the host of Patrick Henningsen LIVE on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX on terrestrial AM radio out of Phoenix, Arizona. READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22225,Patrick Henningsen and Don DeBar Discuss Trump’s ‘Immigration Ban’ and the Media Reaction,"Sputnik Radio s new program Trend Storm is hosted by American geopolitical analyst and writer Andrew Korybko. This week, Andrew explores what s really driving the media uproar and political protests surrounding President Trump s executive order on immigration Andrew Korybko Trend StormUS President Donald Trump s controversial Executive Order to temporarily limit the entrance of select foreign nationals to the US is becoming a larger-than-life scandal of epic proportions.Following through on yet another of his campaign promises, America s new leader has banned people from seven countries from entering the US, building off of the list of supposedly terrorist-prone countries that his predecessor first identified. The immediacy of the order caught many people off guard, and there was confusion about whether it would apply to permanent residents (green card-holders), already-vetted refugees, and individuals in transit. Almost immediately after the announcement was made last Friday, thousands of people across the US flocked to their local airports to protest the measure. In doing so, they defied what are ordinarily strict security measures, which during regular times would prohibit such large-scale gatherings at locations considered essential to the nation s infrastructure.The protesters claimed that Trump had  banned Muslims  from entering the US, and the hashtag #MuslimBan instantly started trending on Twitter. In defense of the motion, Trump and his surrogates said that most majority-Muslim countries were untouched by the temporary border restrictions, pointing out that Indonesia   the world s most populous Muslim country   isn t on the list, for example. Moreover, in a cynical retort to the critics, they reminded the public that Obama had earlier suspended the US refugee program for Iraqi nationals for half a year back in 2011, though no such protests erupted at that time. Nevertheless, it s hard for the Trump Administration to shake the social media stigma that this is a  Muslim Ban , no matter how convincingly they may argue that it amounts to nothing more than a brief review period for high-risk countries prior to the implementation of what s being called  extreme vetting.  This is because the mainstream US media is very sympathetic to what Trump and his spokespeople have termed the  political opposition,  namely, the Democratic Party.The perception management and narrative-building that these two institutions are known for was seen vividly and on full display during the presidential campaign, but it s gotten even more intense since Trump s election. Just like back then, however, it doesn t seem to be doing its intended job, since a Reuters poll released on Tuesday found that 49% of Americans are in favor of the President s action, while 41% are against it.Patrick Henningsen, Founder and Executive Editor of 21stCenturyWire.com and the host of the Sunday Wire Show, and Don DeBar, host of a syndicated daily radio newscast CPR News heard across the US, commented on the issue  . READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22226,FAKE NEWS WEEK: Electronic Voting – The Big Lie That Just Won’t Die,"  In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, 21WIRE is running its own #FakeNewsWeek awareness campaign, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media as the real purveyors of  fake news  throughout modern history . Mark Anderson 21st Century WireThe U.S. government, the  intelligence  community and their malicious mainstream-media partners in deception just won t let it go.The underhanded U.S. unitary state, which seeks a unipolar world with the U.S. in charge, still says in its  never ending story  that omniscient, omnipresent Russian leader Vladimir Putin masterminded hacking the computerized systems of U.S. elections as well as Democratic National Committee computers.Then, as the stale tale goes, Russia handed all the resulting electronic juicy tidbits over to Wikileaks, which turned around and dropped a veritable information bomb on America s delicate democracy.But while that  bomb  allegedly influenced enough people to vote for the winner Donald Trump and not for loser Hillary Clinton, to this day, according to big media, we re supposed to forget all about the creepy, damning, criminally inclined things contained in the Podesta-Clinton emails themselves.So, let s try and grasp this media-massaged, intel-infused message: Even though the emails apparently had enough sizzle and scandal to boost one presidential candidate over another, we re still prodded to think that the information in the emails somehow isn t the issue even though the content of the emails will always be what matters the most.Also notice what no one, and certainly no media outlet, dares to mention regarding the other half of this issue: If Putin also was crafty enough to hack into the actual state-level U.S. election systems, then this implies that U.S. elections systems can be hacked in the first place.This is huge. Think about it the next time you use an electronic  ES&S Ivotronic touchscreen voting machine or Hart InterCivic s model at the polls.All along, we ve been reassured that the electronic voting systems used in about 95% of American voting precincts are The Greatest Thing Ever Invented and Monumentally Secure Are they really? THE ELECTORAL INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX: Securing America s automated voting systems has become a complicated affair. And, all along, writers like Yours Truly, highly credible Texas vote-reform activists like Laura Pressley, Vickie Karp, Bev Harris and others have uncovered tons of evidence that electronic elections are an immensely deceptive and vulnerable apparatus   vulnerable to external hacking and also to being  fixed  from the inside without any need for outside hacking, through the proprietary software inside the these voting contraptions that can be pre-set to steal elections if the need arises.You re going to want to see my interview with Laura Pressley, on behalf of American Free Press, through this link right here.THE RUSSIAN DISTRACTION As Pressley shows in detail, the integrity and lawfulness of Texas elections are in serious peril   not because of any outside  autocrats  like Putin and his supposed cyberspace minions, but because of state and local election officials, right here in the U.S., who absolutely will not follow state election law. And the average TV or newspaper reporter is utterly tone-deaf to these problems, which keeps the people in perpetual fog, unaware that U.S. elections have been effectively privatized by those who make the machines that count the votes.To hear more about this  Putin the Hacker  debacle, please listen to my Dec. 29, 2016 interview with UK-based radio host Andrew Carrington Hitchcock on his regularly scheduled American Free Press (AFP) show.Furthermore, check out this Election Night Gatekeepers overview on my blog by election-theft expert Jim Condit Jr., who worked with the late Collier brothers in their game-changing book,  Votescam.  The media is part of a secretive consortium that counts the vote in secret, meaning the mainstream press  fake news carries with it evidence of criminal collusion.The unavoidable conclusion is that the powers-that-be   in going after Putin and calling him The Supreme Hacker of the Known Universe  have shot themselves in the foot because they re clearly and finally admitting in the process that U.S. voting systems CAN be hacked, after more than a decade of denial.This means that all their denials about electronic election fraud are invalidated.  The critics of electronic election systems are right. The establishment is wrong. End of discussion.Meanwhile, recalling some recent history, Wayne Madsen Reports provided some important perspective: Although the Central Intelligence Agency has had a long history of undermining presidents-elect and prime ministers-elect in other countries, the United States has never witnessed the intelligence agency so blatantly attempting to politically weaken a U.S. president-elect [Trump] just a few weeks prior to the inauguration. What the CIA is doing in forcing Donald Trump into shifting from his campaign promise of restoring good relations with Russia to one of outright hostility to Moscow   favored by the CIA, Director of National Intelligence (DNI), and the neo-conservatives within the Republican and Democratic Party establishments  is nothing less than an overt threat to American democracy. WHERE ARE THE CYBER-COPS?And, as American Free Press reported in its first 2017 edition, the young owner of a Russian-based web-server company may have a handle on who stole sensitive electronic communications between Hillary Clinton and some of her advisors.But 26-year-old Vladimir Fomenko knows one thing for sure: U.S. intelligence, which professes to be hot on the trail of exposing Russian hacking, doesn t seem to care about his story.This means that our leaders in Washington have long ignored a solid lead that could prove once and for all whether or not the Russian government hacked the computers systems of top Democrats and U.S. elections systems.Fomenko recently spoke to AFP to try and demystify the controversy surrounding his King Servers company and the cyberattacks purportedly carried out at the behest of Russia.AFP writer John Friend, quoting Fomenko, noted that even though his servers were exploited in this cyber-crime:  No U.S. law enforcement or intelligence agency is interested in speaking with him to gather real evidence on the perpetrators. The U.S. was not the only country hit by computer hackers. Hackers evidently targeted Germany, Turkey, and Ukraine, apparently attempting to upset democratic processes.It was when WikiLeaks began releasing hacked data from the DNC late this past summer that media reports and the Clinton campaign began blaming Russia with no solid evidence to support that assertion.After learning about this shadowy criminal activity, Fomenko immediately shut down the servers and looked into the situation. He says he s willing to cooperate with law enforcement. We pursued an investigation without delay and found some tracks leading to Europe,  Fomenko told AFP. Web hosting is a legal enterprise  . . . regulated by law,  Fomenko added.  King Servers works in Russia, the U.S., and the Netherlands and complies with the laws of these countries. Fomenko stressed:  No U.S. law enforcement agency has contacted us at this time. Neither the FBI nor any other U.S., Russian, or Dutch intelligence agency has contacted us. The plot thickens WSB-TV Channel 2 reporters in Atlanta, Georgia actually did their job and noted:  The Georgia Secretary of State s office now confirms 10 different cyberattacks on its network all trace back to U.S. Department of Homeland Security IP addresses. Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp, dissatisfied with the federal government s dodgy explanation about these DHS cyberattacks, fired off a letter to then-President-elect Donald Trump to put him in the loop.So, it ll be interesting to see if Trump ever helps Georgia, and other states whose election systems were supposedly hacked, figure out what happened and who s really responsible.After all this time, the accusation that Russia  did it  still looks less and less credible, as this additional AFP piece outlines, yet the American establishment, thinking it could blame Russia to explain Hillary s loss and come to grips with Trump s win, just won t drop the blame-Putin narrative.We can only hope that Trump s claim that he ll start putting some limits on our out-of-control spy agencies will come true. If ever there was a good reason to pursue those limits, this high-level U.S. intelligence gambit to blame Putin, no matter what, is it. The orthodox press has been a solid ally all along of these intel-intrigues.And this gives Trump a chance to prove he s the real deal, and not another asset of the establishment, despite his seemingly honest intentions to name names and seek real solutions to the real problems that are troubling Americans and citizens across the world.For, if elections are not really a means to find and assign better leaders who will use their victory as a mandate to do the right thing for the voters, then what s the point of having elections at all, hacked or not hacked, honest or not?Author Mark Anderson is an investigative journalist and features writer for American Free Press, and is editor of The Truth Hound. Contact Mr. Anderson at truthhound2@yahoo.com. READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22227,"Trump Blasts Democrats: A ‘disgrace’ that Full Cabinet Not in Place, ‘Obstruction by Democrats!’","21st Century Wire says In a tweet by President Donald Trump on Tuesday he called the Democratic Party out for obstructing the formation of his cabinet. He noted it was a  disgrace  that his full cabinet was not in place and blamed the Democrat Party for  obstruction. It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017Does President Trump have a valid point?If we look at the appointments and confirmations of both the Bush and Obama administrations for nominees to lead major departments and agencies there is an undeniable difference when comparing to Trump s appointees. Trump s fifth cabinet member was confirmed on Tuesday. Obama had twelve appointments sworn in at this time in his tenure.The Senate confirmed Education Department lead, Betsy DeVos, on Tuesday after Democrats held an all-nighter with a failed attempt to stop her confirmation. She was confirmed in a vote of 51-50 after two GOP senators joined all the Democrats in voting against her and Vice President Pence cast the vote that broke the tie.Senate Democrats are planning yet another all night debate into Wednesday in protest of President Trump s choice for Attorney General, Jeff Sessions. Many people are finding it hard to argue with the President s tweet as the Democrats certainly appear to be putting up road blocks at every opportunity.READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22228,FAKE NEWS WEEK: Exposing The Mainstream Consensus Reality Complex," In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, 21WIRE is running its own #FakeNewsWeek awareness campaign, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media as the real purveyors of  fake news  throughout modern history Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireSome things never change. In the 21st century, people in power are still attacking independent voices for speaking up for what they believe, and for sharing their opinions.The first time I heard the term  fake news  uttered in unison from the mouths of mainstream media pundits, the irony was overtaken by the absurdity of it. It was beyond outrageous, and hearing it coming from the mainstream media was bordering on vaudeville. After watching and analyzing decades of media deception and government-issued press releases masquerading as hard news, and then to see the establishment attempting to force-feed this meme down our collective mainstream feeding tube, I suppose that would make the old editorial board at Soviet Izvestia wince (not that they were any worse than CNN is today).Sure it s laughable, but it s also incredibly sad to watch otherwise well-educated, smart and intelligent media professionals get so caught up in the political comedy-tragedy that was the 2016 Election   they volunteered en mass to abandon their senses and any semblance of journalistic objectivity, in order to join in a virtual witch-hunt. This was a new low-point for mainstream media, and for America.This topic is vast and growing more controversial by the day. There s a lot to unpack and we know, based on past performance, the mainstream media can t be trusted to do an objective job, much less critique itself. Their conversation is completely out of order. To help right this process, 21WIRE has launched Fake News Week to help educate the public on aspects of this important issue which will most certainly be ignored by the establishment media. Throughout this week, we will present a number well-researched articles cataloguing actual fake news and demonstrating this is a mainstream problem, and one as old as the media itself.The Story of Fake NewsSince the dawn of mass media in the 20th century, media propaganda has been steadily advancing in western societies. This process is being accelerated through technology. If you are waiting for the mainstream media to finally get together for some mass-mea culpa or have one giant come to Jesus moment, then you ll just be waiting for Godot. No, instead of reigning itself in, they have constructed an elaborate straw man instead, which they are calling  fake news. With the passage of the US presidential election, many thought that the  fake news  meme would die off. Instead, the Establishment is doubling down on it, in hysterical fashion.We re told that the real problem started because of an unlikely  fake news  cottage industry, supposedly run out of the Balkans, in a little Macedonian village called Velles (if we are to take The Guardian and BuzzFeed s word for it, anyway), where enterprising eastern European teens started pumping out countless fake news articles, making use major social media platforms to propel their articles. That s right, there was actual fake news circulating on Facebook, but calling it news is a bit of an overstatement. If one were to accurately label it, it would just be called junk.It was in late September that I first noticed all of these fake news posts pouring into nearly every Facebook news groups I subscribed to. I began collecting links from about 50 URLs in a vain attempt construct a database in order to work out where it was coming from, who was behind it, and what was the object of the exercise. At first thing I thought,  how could anyone take any of these seriously? Everyone is used to junk on Facebook, but these were ridiculous. One of the silliest stories was this one: Hillary Clinton Buying Illegal Weapons  Kremlin Reports.  Granted, you d have to be a real fool to take articles like that seriously, and yet, this is what mainstream media and academia are doing. They have made these obviously bogus internet posts into the pretext for a centralized system of control, arbitrated by Facebook and others, with the remit of deciding a  baseline  for what is true and what is deemed as fake news.As it turns out, during the election cycle and every day since, the only people who took these stories seriously were the mainstream media and still disgruntled Clinton supporters   both of whom are insisting, baselessly, that these spoof stories somehow swung the US election. Sure, there is a radical minority of short attention span web surfers and 3am Reddit junkies who would grab and run with these type of stories, but I would think that most normal people would have thought,  What idiot would believe any of these.  By November, my database of fake news and  election news  websites was approach 300. It became clear that new websites were being launched almost daily. These sites had a few things in common; all were over-loaded with Click Bait pop-up ads, and many of them carried malicious malware. Undoubtedly, the owners of these faux news sites had been raking-in a fortune in CMP ad revenues based on traffic that was not so much driven by genuine interest, but rather out of entertainment-based curiosity, and possibly a depraved desire to shock friends and loved ones with crazy online stories. The real damage was subtle  by flooding social media with junk, they would rapidly push real independent news and alternative media articles down the page s timeline, and into cyber limbo.Qui bono? Certainly, the establishment media, watching their main competition   real independent media outlets, drowning in a cesspool of internet flotsam and jetsam of fake Trump and Hillary  articles.  Just like those cheap Chinese knock-offs at your local flea market, someone aped the alternative media, devaluing and damaging it in the process. If only it had ended there On Nov 18, 2016, I woke up to an inbox full of friends and colleagues informing me that this website, 21stCenturyWire.com, had been featured in the L.A. Times expos  on  fake news   the first major blacklist of  fake news  websites featured in the mainstream media entitled,  Want to keep fake news out of your newsfeed? College professor creates list of sites to avoid.  A number of these blacklists have appeared online for a number of years, but this was the first time such a list was given credence by a mainstream publication.The list was created by one Melissa Zimdars, an academic and radical progressive-liberal activist, who teaches  media studies  from Merrimack College in Massachusetts. The story was quickly syndicated all over the globe, including spinoff reports by CNN and The Guardian. Not surprisingly, the author of the article was another liberal activist, a journalist named Jessica Roy. Like Zimdars, Jessica Roy is a feminist activist, and had previously used her position as a mainstream journalist to produce hit pieces promoting a radical liberal social agenda. Both Roy and Zimdars appear to support many of the same causes and are pushing similar political campaigns on social media, and were likely committed Hillary Clinton supporters too. With that in mind, both Roy and Zimdars were probably very unhappy about 21WIRE s harsh criticism of Secretary Clinton s tenure as head of the US State Department under Obama from 2009-2013, and probably were not chuffed either that we called the establishment s official  Russian Hack  conspiracy theory a hoax during the presidential campaign. Both of those articles went viral in the week before the election.Many other excellent and reputable independent news sites were also on the list, but were intentionally placed alongside well-known satire websites, as well as with obvious poorly crafted  fake news  sites. I seriously wondered if Dr Zimdars, a professor in media studies, thought so little of her own students that they should require her professional guidance to tell them that the The Onion is not a real news site. She also lists other satirical websites like Britain s Private Eye on her list. Less than two days after the article appeared, Zimdars removed Private Eye from the list (probably after getting an email from their legal department). Here we can see she has thrown a variety of people into one giant basket (of deplorables), thus branding everyone with the same derogatory label of  fake news  or its progenitor,  conspiracy theory. What s worse however, is that Merrimack College s Melissa Zimdars appears to have lifted her celebrated list from a wacky left-wing blog site who had haphazardly cobbled the original list together (no visible methodology as to the selection process) and which had been fermenting up online for quite some time, long before Dr Zimdars was elevated by the LA Times and CNN. Not exactly academic, but the culture cops don t seem to care.Regardless, one would hope that any conscientious professional would agree that Zimdars  effort, or lack thereof, was a foolhardy attempt at passing off a politically-motivated virtual book burning list as a study.  It would be unacceptable for any undergraduate, or graduate student, much less something submitted as course material by a professor. And, to think that her students would pay thousands of dollars in course fees for Dr. Zimdars to teach them how to surf the internet. Is the bar really that low? I can t help but wonder how many of those students also signed-up for Critical Thinking 101.Judging by the amount of right-wing websites on her list, it s clear this was a political hit piece. That was the intention of article author Jessica Roy, evidenced by the fact that she offered no specifics of why any of these sites were on the list, nor did she challenge Dr Zimdars. Whatever it was, it was not journalism.A few days later, after the article in question was published in the LA Times, the paper removed the PDF image of the list, stating  fears and threats  as the reason for its disappearance. Their editor issued this statement: The professor who created the list has taken down the Google doc. She said it was a safety measure in response to threats and harassment she and her students and colleagues had received. She is continuing to work on it and plans to release it in the future in a format other than a Google doc. It s hard to keep up with Dr Zimdars  definitive guide to the internet because she has revised and changed so many times. Here is a version from January 2017:2017-DR ZIMDARS   False, Misleading, Clickbait-y, and Satirical  News  Sources   Google DocsSoon after, I contacted the LA Times, asking their editorial board for the right to reply in my own defense in their opinion section, citing my belief that Roy and Zimdars had created a politicized piece which was hardly fair and balanced, and was designed to slander and discredit all of the websites on their list. I finally received a reply from Larry Ingrassia at the LA Times. The paper s excuse for denying me a right of reply was weak and evasive. Ingrassia stated to me that:Ingrassia s claim that my website is not mentioned in the article was not true.  In fact, 21stCenturyWire.com appeared at the very top of the list in the database table image of Zimdars  list in the article. Just because it wasn t in the text of the article doesn t mean it wasn t still visible to millions of readers. Likewise, just because the LA Times had later removed the database table image from the article, and replaced it with a hyperlink to Zimdars  Google Doc, is no excuse either   because the list was up on the LA Times website, and was widely syndicated during that time.As it happened, I did email Dr Zimdars immediately after seeing Jessica Roy s LA Times article asking her why she had included my website on her list, and to cite any specific news articles which she thought were  fake  or  conspiracy  and asked her to please remove 21stCenturyWire.com from her list. Not surprisingly, she did not reply to my request. Perhaps she realized that every one of the thousands of articles on our website contain either secondary, or primary source, and include more reference links than you will find on most mainstream media reports. For an academic who purports to hold so many persons and their websites accountable for being  fake news    when confronted about her work, she acts aloof and completely unaccountable. This further proves the point that this was not a study, but rather an activist campaign, done on the Merrimack College s dime.My experience with the LA Times was a disappointing one   seeing a paper running with a cheap politicized hit piece, and then being dismissive when asked for equal time on the issue. Such is the state of many leading American media institutions. If this is what passes for the Fourth Estate in today s America, then the country is in deep trouble.Mainstream TrollingA few days later, I was then contacted by one of the US mainstream media most established investigative news programs, NBC Dateline. It was clear from their correspondence that they wanted to draw me into another fake news hit piece. This is one of NBC Dateline s email to me:If was bad enough to be slandered by a major national news outlet, now I was being trolled by the country s largest broadcast TV network?My reply to NBC s Calabrese was long but polite, and at the end I simply asked her for specifics   in other words, what exactly were these  unconfirmed reports  she was accusing 21st Century Wire of publishing? As a reporter for a major outlet like NBC, I should rightly assume that she might be able to provide me with some substance, and not just an ad hominem accusation. Here is part of my reply: Our content is not  fake  and anyone with a basic understanding of geopolitics and media should be able to tell that. Many people like our work, and many I am sure do not like it. But the content should speak for itself. If you find some articles on our site that you feel are  Click Bait-y  or  fake news    then let me know and I would be more than happy to help and discuss your findings. Just like with Dr. Zimdars, I received no reply from NBC. This led me to conclude that they were not at all interested in having a candid discussion about the state of the media today, a discussion I offered to have. But NBC wasn t looking for a real conversation on media. Maybe they were just looking for an easy mark, someone to set-up and frame in a expos  on the scourge of  fake news.  Another drive-by, hit-and-run piece.This wasn t the first time. We ve had similar approaches before by the BBC and others, sometimes through a third party, and always looking to draw us into one of their discomfiting  conspiracy  features on their network.Whatever it is that NBC thought we did that warranted an NBC Dateline hit piece, surely it can t be any worse than NBC s disgraced anchorman Brian Williams, now widely regarded as a serial liar. If you expected the company would want to preserve some integrity by letting him go after that embarrassment, you d be wrong. The same with CNN, after it was revealed how many of their staff were colluding with the Clinton campaign. Was anyone fired? The only person they let go was Donna Brazile, who was only a contributor and not a real member of staff.This begs the question: are big mainstream media outlets really capable of policing themselves? The answer to that question might tell us why the mainstream media have a 14% approval rating according to a recent Gallop poll.Take the big network s Syria coverage for instance. What about its ridiculous coverage of the 7 year old human agit-prop Twitter sensation, Bana of Aleppo? What about NBC getting its reports exclusively from Nusra Front (al Qaeda in Syria) occupied East Aleppo, and then spreading exaggerated false claims of  a complete meltdown of humanity  when in reality the terrorist-held part of the city was being liberated by the Syrian government? Unlike NBC, a billion dollar media operation, little 21WIRE actually had journalists like Vanessa Beeley reporting from on the ground in Aleppo during this period. Unlike NBC, we were able to give our readers and listeners an accurate depiction of events   although maybe not the pro-terrorist, or  activist  version of events which the western mainstream media have relied on through six years of war in Syria, consistently and conveniently feeding the mainstream media what it wanted   a regime change  narrative which was streamlined with US State Department, CIA and British Foreign Office policy. Did it ever occur to them that someone should go and talk to Aleppo s residents? It did to us. We figured the terrorists already had plenty of media coverage, what with NBC, MSNBC, CNN, ABC, CBS, BBC, Channel 4, the New York Times, The Guardian and others all in tow.These mainstream outlets would never give any any credit to 21WIRE and Vanessa Beeley for its coverage in Syria, no matter good the reporting is   because we re not conveying the right  narrative, which is the Establishment s narrative. In that sense, we out-performed the entire mainstream media on one of the biggest stories of the last five years   the Liberation of Aleppo. Maybe that s why they are coming after us.Channelling McCarthy Clearly, the corporate mainstream media in America has attempted to blame Hillary Clinton s loss on  fake news.  Clinton herself called it  an epidemic.  Indeed, it is an epidemic, however the unwashed masses on the internet are not the source of that pandemic. They should be looking in the mirror   for colluding behind the scenes with the Clinton campaign, first to kill-off the Bernie Sanders nomination, before colluding in the general election, too, thus betraying the fundamental principles of a Fourth Estate. As bad as those outlets appear to be, they almost pale in comparison to this next incident On November 24, 2016, The Washington Post descended deep into the lower detritus of the DC swamp. This piece of propaganda was simply breathtaking. The journalist who drew the short straw for this job was none other than Craig Timberg, who is also a John S. Knight Journalism Fellow at Stanford University. It sounds impressive, until you see his work.In his feature entitled,  Russian propaganda effort helped spread  fake news  during election, Experts say,  Timberg placed The Post into a leading role in waging a new McCarthy-style witch hunt, targeting hundreds of independent websites and blogs, most of them American, accusing them of being part of a giant Russian conspiracy to undermine American democracy on behalf of the Kremlin. Experts say ? Did they really? Only, in this case, Timberg would name his  experts    a cadre of secret sources operating under the anonymous collective brand of PropOrNot. We re told that these patriots had to protect their identity for fear of retribution from Putin s equally secret army of hackers. What was this, other than a propaganda piece run by The Post, one which could just as easily be classed as actual  fake news. The flood of  fake news  this election season got support from a sophisticated Russian propaganda campaign that created and spread misleading articles online with the goal of punishing Democrat Hillary Clinton, helping Republican Donald Trump and undermining faith in American democracy, say independent researchers who tracked the operation,  wrote Timberg. Way back when, if a piece this bad managed to escape out into the public sphere, either the editor or the reporter would get the sack. No such luck here.Timberg s cloak and dagger source managed to slandered some 200 websites, including many well-established, popular  alternative news outlets like AntiWar.com, Counterpunch, Information Clearing House, OpEd News, Activist Post, Global Research.ca, Oriental Review, Truth-Out, Truth Dig, Zero Hedge, Consortium News (run by award-winning investigative journalist Robert Parry), Ron Paul Institute (headed by former US Congressman and Presidential candidate, Dr Ron Paul)) and Paul Craig Roberts (former Cabinet member under President Reagan), to name only a few from PropOrNot s list of alleged  Russian propaganda  collaborators, in an attempt to reverse engineer a virtual conspiracy   trying to link 200 popular alternative websites with a theoretical Russian plot. When you read the content on most of these websites, you can see a few common themes   nearly all of them were highly critical of U.S. foreign policy under the last three US Administrations of Clinton, Bush and Obama. Most were also critical of Hillary Clinton s chequered record as Obama s Secretary of State. They also challenged the prevailing anti-Russian party line in Washington. Here, The Washington Post is channelling the spirit of Joe McCarthy by promoting a  Blacklist of independent journalists and commentators. A political hit piece by The Post, that s all.Soon after the publication of Timberg s fictional feature, The Washington Post caved-in to pressure by critics, printing this retraction soon afterwards:Editor s Note: The Washington Post on Nov. 24 published a story on the work of four sets of researchers who have examined what they say are Russian propaganda efforts to undermine American democracy and interests. One of them was PropOrNot, a group that insists on public anonymity, which issued a report identifying more than 200 websites that, in its view, wittingly or unwittingly published or echoed Russian propaganda. A number of those sites have objected to being included on PropOrNot s list, and some of the sites, as well as others not on the list, have publicly challenged the group s methodology and conclusions. The Post, which did not name any of the sites, does not itself vouch for the validity of PropOrNot s findings regarding any individual media outlet, nor did the article purport to do so. Since publication of The Post s story, PropOrNot has removed some sites from its list.They must hold their readership in such utter contempt as to not care what people think about the paper. How sad. What kind of paper would run a gargantuan fake news story like that? Are they still a paper of record ?Here at 21WIRE, and unlike the Washington Post, we recognize that our readership is intelligent enough to spot what the LA Times and the Washington Post are serving up and calling news. Unlike the Washington Post, we are not trying to bury under endless column inches government-issued propaganda. Instead, we are trying to expose those lies of the mainstream s multibillion dollar consensus reality complex. Tune in, as each day this week we ll give you an original inside look into the inner workings of the mainstream media s fake news empire. Aside from showing you how to spot their lies, we ll also demonstrate how truly dangerous their propaganda mill truly is.By this time next week, we hope you ll be even a smarter media consumer. *** Author Patrick Henningsen is an international journalist and current affairs analyst, and executive editor of 21st Century Wire, as well as the host the SUNDAY WIRE radio show on Alternate Current Radio, and also host of Patrick Henningsen LIVE on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX AM in Phoenix. READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22229,"Trump Asks O’Reilly, ‘Do you think our country is so innocent?’ After Pundit calls Putin ‘a killer’","21st Century Wire says Regardless of what one thinks of Donald Trump, it must be tempting for most people to admit that it is refreshing to see a US President admit that the US isn t as  innocent  as some pundits and consumers of mainstream news might think.In an interview aired before the Super Bowl, FOX News host Bill O Reilly challenged President Trump s comments about working with Russia in the fight against ISIS. In doing so O Reilly called Putin  a killer.  Trump shrugged off the comment by saying,  There are a lot of killers. We ve got a lot of killers. What, do you think our country is so innocent? RT reports further on the interview below RTSeemingly surprised, O Reilly goes on to ask him why. He is the leader of his country. I say it s better to get along with Russia than not, and if Russia helps us in the fight against ISIS   which is a major fight   and the Islamic terrorism all over the world, that s a good thing,  Trump answered. Will I get along with him? I have no idea. O Reilly then challenged Trump, calling the Russian president  a killer. Trump shrugged the comment off, saying:  There are a lot of killers. We ve got a lot of killers. What, do you think our country is so innocent? It is not the first time that Trump has made such comments when journalists question his stance regarding the Russian leader.At the end of 2015, the host of MSNBC s Morning Joe told Trump that Putin  kills journalists,  to which the unfazed then-presidential candidate replied,  I think that our country does plenty of killing, too, Joe. I ve always felt fine about Putin. He s a strong leader. He s a powerful leader,  Trump added.At the end of January, Putin and Trump held their first official phone call, which, according to the Kremlin, was  good and constructive. Over the past years, the lack of mutual respect became the main reason for the deterioration of relations,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov added.Another important thing is that Washington is prepared for dialogue, the spokesman concluded. This is what President Putin called for rather consistently but where unfortunately he did not see reciprocity over the past years,  Peskov said.Earlier in January, however, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov emphasized that the first meeting between Putin and Trump may  happen in months to come,  not  in a matter of weeks. Peskov also said,  it is maybe the biggest mistake on the part of Western analysts to think that Trump is  our man.  He is an American man. Former Deputy Speaker of the Belgian Parliament Lode Vanoost told RT that it is way too early to be overly optimistic about Trump. To me, he remains as unpredictable and unreliable as he was before. We didn t see the full interview yet, and the follow-up questions that came after this very astonishing remark. Basically, what Trump is doing is he is applying the same moral principles to the US as he applies to other countries. That is indeed without precedent in US political culture. Also, he expressed concern over forces that could interfere with Trump s mending ties with Russia Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22230,The Court Case Against the ‘Travel Ban’ Executive Order,"21st Century Wire says The legal battle is waging on over President Trump s Executive Order Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the US when on Saturday the Department of Justice requested a lift of the stay placed on enforcement of the Executive Order. The federal appeal court denied the DoJ s request, noting the the plaintiffs should first be given an opportunity to respond. Contrary to what many media outlets are saying, this was not a case of the courts saying that the order is  unconstitutional  as the ACLU and a number of Attorney Generals are claiming, but is standard practice in appeals cases.The Duran provides some further legal analysis on this developing case below  Alexander Mercouris The DuranThe legal moves and counter-moves in the court case concerning Donald Trump s  travel ban  Executive Order may appear complicated, but in reality they follow standard practice.  Since there are some misunderstandings in reporting them I will provide a brief explanation.The federal judge in Seattle on Friday did not rule that the Executive Order is unconstitutional or illegal.  Rather he ordered a temporary two week stay on the enforcement of the Executive Order until this question of its legality is decided in further argument before him in two weeks time.In doing so the judge acted fully within his powers, though as I understand it he took a different view from a different federal judge in Massachusetts who apparently refused to grant a similar stay when he was asked to do so at roughly the same time that the judge in Seattle was making his decision.The Department of Justice is appealing the stay.  It is doing so on the grounds that the Executive Order is fully legal and constitutional and needs to be brought back into force immediately in order to protect the US from potential terrorists, who might take advantage of the stay to enter the US during the two week period when it is in effect.On Saturday the Department of Justice asked the federal appeal court in San Francisco (which will hear the appeal) to lift the stay.  The federal appeal court however refused to do so, saying that the plaintiffs who applied for the stay should be given an opportunity to respond.  It gave the plaintiffs until Sunday (ie. today) to file their objections to the Department of Justice s application to lift the stay, with the Department of Justice instructed to file its counter-objections on Monday (ie. tomorrow).Contrary to some media claims, this is completely standard practice during appeals.  It would be very unusual for an appeal court to set aside a judge s order   even a temporary order   without a full hearing, and the Department of Justice will undoubtedly have known this when it applied to the appeal court to have the stay lifted on Saturday.The reason the Department of Justice made the application on Saturday is because it wants to emphasise to the appeal court the urgency of the situation.  This is important, not just because of the danger of terrorists entering the US during the period of the stay, but because unless the appeal court is convinced of the urgency of the situation it will simply say that the Department of Justice should wait until the hearing ordered by the federal judge in Seattle in two weeks time.In other words by insisting that the stay be lifted immediately the Department of Justice is providing reasons to the appeal court to take the case out of the federal judge s hands, so that it can decide the case itself.  That was the true purpose of the application on Saturday, and it succeeded.I expect the appeal court in San Francisco to decide the appeal this week, possibly as soon as Tuesday or Wednesday.As I am not an expert in US constitutional law I do not know what the outcome of the appeal will be.  I should say that it would be completely wrong to try to guess the outcome from the decision the appeal court took on Saturday.The appeal will be purely on the question of the rightness or otherwise of the stay.  If the appeal decision goes against the President it will be for the Department of Justice to put his case to the federal judge at the full hearing in two weeks time.  If that decision also goes against the President, he can appeal again to the federal appeal court in San Francisco, and beyond that to the Supreme Court.By contrast if the Department of Justice wins the appeal this week then I would expect the plaintiffs to drop the case in Seattle and try to go directly to the Supreme Court.  Since the appeal court would have effectively affirmed the legality of the Executive Order, there would be little point in the plaintiffs continuing to contest the Executive Order before the federal judge in Seattle Continue this report at The DuranREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22231,"Uber, Google, Twitter, Netflix and Other Tech Giants File ‘Unlawful’ Immigration Retort Against Trump","21st Century Wire says A group of top Silicon Valley tech companies have filed a rare legal brief stating Trump Administration s Executive Order on immigration is discriminatory and  departs dramatically from the principles that have governed our immigration law for decades. This legal filing follows the report Friday when a Federal Judge issued a temporarily restraining order blocking US Border Patrol, Customs and Immigration Services from enforcing President Trump s recent executive order, which bars entry to the U.S. to anyone coming from seven  majority Muslim  countries.This story and the leaked text of the legal challenge was a Washington Post exclusive on Sunday . Elizabeth Dwoskin Washington PostSilicon Valley is stepping up its confrontation with the Trump administration.On Sunday night, Google, Facebook, Uber, Twitter, Netflix and other prominent tech companies are planning to file legal brief opposing the administration s contentious entry ban, according to people familiar with the matter.The amicus brief is expected to be filed with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, which is expected to rule within a few days on an appeal by the administration after a federal judge in Seattle issued late Friday a temporary restraining order putting the entry ban on hold. The brief comes at the end of a week of nationwide protests against the plan   as well as a flurry of activity in Silicon Valley, a region that sees immigration as central to its identity as an innovation hub.Companies backing the filing also include Pinterest, Yelp, Square, Reddit, Kickstarter, Github, Glassdoor, Box, Mozilla, Dropbox, Twilio, Zynga, Medium, Pinterest, and Salesforce, according to the sources, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the filing was still being finalized Sunday.Notably, it doesn t appear that Apple, Amazon, or Microsoft are party to the brief. The sources cautioned that the wording of the brief   and the participants   could still change before the filing is made Sunday night.A draft of the filing says that the entry ban, which barred individuals from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the U.S. for at least 90 days and suspended the U.S. refugee program, is discriminatory. The Order effects a sudden, seismic shift in the rules governing entry into the United States, and it departs dramatically from the principles that have governed our immigration law for decades,  a draft obtained by The Washington Post reads.  The Order discriminates on the basis of national origin and religion. It closes our borders to the world s most vulnerable people, such as those fleeing the devastation of war. And it establishes discretionary and arbitrary rules for admission to this country, even by immigrants who have lived here lawfully for years. Continue this story at the Washington PostREAD MORE IMMIGRATION BAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Immigration Files",0
22232,"Episode #172 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Trumpe Le Monde’ with guests Trog Lodyte, Sarah Abed"," Episode #172 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this February 5, 2017 as host Patrick Henningsen brings you this week s 3 HOUR special LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:LIVE BROADCAST TIMING: 5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is a very special LIVE broadcasting connecting North America and Europe this week, as host Patrick Henningsen covers the top stories in the US and internationally. In the first hour, we ll look at act one of Trump s foreign policy performance circus, as the NeoCons surround the new Don of Pennsylvania Ave, resuming Cheney & Bolton s Iran doctrine, as well as a continuation of Obama s dysfunctional Ukraine policy, and so much more. Later in hour one, we ll meet with our first guest, Syrian-American commentator Sarah Abed  to discuss the shifting state of affairs in Syria and initial signs of Trump s masterplan to defeat ISIS. In the second hour, we try to channel Trump with special guest, Trog Lodyte, co-host of Liberty s Thunder every Sunday Evening on BlogTalk Radio, as we attempt to visualize the new American political landscape, and distill the essence of the country s political transformation, and what this new President means to modern politics in America. In the final hour of Overdrive, we ll tie up loose ends from this past week s break-neck news cycle, and announce 21WIRE s first annual  Fake News Week marathon coming this week. Hold, it s going to be a wild ride SHOUT POLL: Is Obama s Legacy more, or less war in the world?   SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVDONATE TO 21WIRE HEREStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world  *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Listen to  Episode #172   Sunday Wire:  Trumpe Le Monde  with guests Trog Lodyte, Sarah Abed  on Spreaker.Download Episode #172 HERE// <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt;Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives   ",0
22233,Washington State Judge Issues Temporarily Block on Trump’s Immigration Ban Nationwide,"21st Century Wire says On Friday a US federal judge in Seattle ordered a temporary nationwide block on U.S. President Donald Trump s 7 nation immigration ban. As expected, the White House labeled the legal ruling outrageous  and promised the White House intends to file an emergency stay .Judge James Robart, appointed by former President George W. Bush in 2003, ruled on the President s executive order on immigration and US Customs and Border Protection has already alerted major airlines that the United States will start reinstating previously banned visas.The war of words between the Administration and the members of the judiciary has been stark.  The answer is none,  Judge Robart said.  You re here arguing we have to protect from these individuals from these countries, and there s no support for that.  The new lawsuit seeks to permanently block parts of Trump s recent executive order which suspend entry to US from 7  Muslim-majority  countries which include Iraq, Iran, Syria, Yemen, Sudan, Libya and Somalia.The complaint states that,  The executive order effectively mandates that the states engage in discrimination based on national origin and/or religion, thereby rescinding the states  historic protection of civil rights and religious freedom,  , calling it a violation of the U.S. Constitution.The US Department of Justice is expected to file the emergency stay on Saturday in defiance of Friday s ruling.Washington state s Attorney General, Bob Ferguson, issued a stark challenge to President Trump, saying, This decision shuts down the executive order right now. No one is above the law   not even the President . It s our president s duty to honor this ruling and I ll make sure he does,  added Ferguson.It is estimated that some 60,000 people from the affected countries had their visas cancelled.READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump Files",0
22234,Trump Administration Faces Flood of Lawsuits Over Executive Immigration Ban,"21st Century Wire says President Trump s Executive Order: Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the US, is under fire in the American legal system. The American Civil Liberties Union and multiple US State Attorney Generals are filing law suits against the Federal Government  lots of law suits.US District Court Judge, James Robart, issued a temporary restraining order against enforcement of the Trump Executive Order calling it un-lawful,   un-American  and  un-constitutional.  The White House has replied by saying that they believe the order is just and within the presidents constitutional authority and that at the earliest possible time the Department of Justice will file for a stay of the order.Are we about to see a legal battle to dwarf all legal battles? Do the ACLU and the agitated Attorney Generals have any legal feet to stand on a opposing Trump s Executive Order?RT reports below with more analysis on this situation  RTThe State Department, since being notified by the Justice Department of the ruling from the US District Court for the Western District of Washington, has been in contact with the Homeland Security Department and legal teams to coordinate operations, according to Reuters.Customs and Border Protection officials said they would reinstate visas in compliance with the order. At the earliest possible time, the Department of Justice intends to file an emergency stay of this order and defend the executive order of the President, which we believe is lawful and appropriate,  the White House said in a statement.  The president s order is intended to protect the homeland and he has the constitutional authority and responsibility to protect the American people. In response, the DOJ will not file an emergency stay request of the order Friday night, a spokesperson said, Reuters reported.Last Friday, Trump issued an executive order that banned citizens from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the US. The rollout of the executive order caused mass confusion, deportations and protests. By Saturday, the lawsuits had begun, with at least 40 active lawsuits in 17 states.At the state level, Virginia, Washington, Minnesota, New York and Massachusetts have filed cases against the federal government. The attorneys general of 16 states and the District of Columbia issued a joint statement earlier this week calling the executive order  unconstitutional, un-American and unlawful. After 2 weeks in office, President Trump faces 50+ lawsuits, far more than his predecessors faced in that span https://t.co/NXMetwCLnj pic.twitter.com/2kERF2n7Ga  NPR (@NPR) February 3, 2017In California, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) filed a lawsuit that seeks class-action status, which New York and Massachusetts have joined. There are individual lawsuits in Georgia, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Texas and elsewhere, NBC News reported. The lawsuits claim violations of the First, Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments, which guarantee religious equality, due process and equal protection under the law, as well as denials of asylum and discriminatory visa processing. We re being sued right now in 10 different courts. We re going to be sued tomorrow in 20 different courts, Erez Reuveni from the Justice Department s Office of Immigration Litigation told a Virginia judge on Friday.On Friday afternoon, a US District Court judge in Washington state ruled that the combined cases put forward by Washington and Minnesota provided evidence that the executive order has caused immediate harm. Judge James Robart also said that the lawsuit has substantial likelihood of success in challenging the constitutionality of the order, the Seattle Times reported.Robart asks DOJ's Bennett how many arrests of foreign nationals there have been from the 7 countries since 9/11. She says she doesn't know.  Sydney Brownstone (@sydbrownstone) February 3, 2017 The Constitution prevailed today, Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson said in a statement. No one is above the law   not even the President. On Monday, Ferguson became the first state attorney general to file a lawsuit against Trump, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and high-ranking Trump administration officials; on Wednesday, Minnesota joined the suit as a plaintiff. In their complaint, the states argued that the executive order was motivated by animus and a desire to harm a particular group, and that the discriminatory terms and application of the Executive Order are arbitrary and cannot be justified by federal interests. As such, the order is unconstitutional and violated the visa-holders  rights, they said.Robart s restraining order covers the whole country for at least two weeks until the preliminary injunction hearing, The Stranger reported. It also stops the government from enforcing the part of the ban that grants exemptions to non-Muslim refugees on the basis of their religion.Even @AGOWA Bob Ferguson seemed stunned at breadth of victory. ""Holy cow.. OK"" he said to colleagues following ruling #ImmigrationOrder  Jim Brunner (@Jim_Brunner) February 3, 2017Earlier on Friday, US District Court Judge Leonie M. Brinkema expanded and extended her order staying the enforcement of the travel restrictions in Virginia. She also allowed the commonwealth to join the lawsuit by Tareq and Ammar Aqel Mohammed Aziz, Yemeni brothers who are permanent legal residents and who were turned back at Dulles International Airport on Saturday. The two men said they were forced to sign forms giving up their status as lawful permanent residents against their will and without their knowledge or consent, according to court documents.Brinkema noted that, although the president has almost unfettered power when it comes to securing US borders, this is not  no limit. Sha also had harsh words for the executive order, which she said was was poorly planned and rolled out. It s quite clear that not all the thought went into it that should have gone into it, she said. There has been chaos   without any kind of actual hard evidence that there is a need to revoke visas that had already been granted.Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring praised the ruling outside the Alexandria courthouse, according to the Washington Post, saying he was really pleased the judge recognized real harm is happening in Virginia. Brinkema did not hold government officials in contempt for reportedly preventing immigrants access to lawyers, a violation of her previous order. She told the court that she didn t have enough information to make the contempt determination, even though Virginia had cited news reports and affidavits from lawmakers that US Customs and Border Patrol agents had not allowed attorneys access to the visa holders. There were so many lawyers there willing to help, and not a single one got access, Virginia Solicitor General Stuart Raphael said during the hearing.Brinkema also required that, by Thursday, the federal government provide Virginia with a list of all people with valid visas who were denied entry or removed from the US who had Virginia ties since the order was signed. At least 350 students at state universities, as well as professors and other employees, were affected by the executive order, Virginia officials said.On Thursday, the ACLU filed a lawsuit in a California federal district court, accusing the Trump administration of violating the religious freedom of those visa holders who were barred from entering the country. It proposes class-action status on behalf of nationals who are living or have lived in the United States and are from the seven countries listed in the executive order. Senior advisers to defendant Trump have engaged in anti-Muslim rhetoric that provides additional support for the notion that the executive order was prompted by animus toward Islam and Muslims, the suit said.New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey announced Tuesday that they would join lawsuits filed by the ACLU chapters in their respective states. As I ve made clear: President Trump s executive action is unconstitutional, unlawful, and fundamentally un-American, Schneiderman said in a statement. That is why my office will be filing to join the federal lawsuit against President Trump and his administration. I m proud to partner with these organizations to fight to permanently strike down this dangerous and discriminatory order. Although the Bay State has joined in the ACLU s lawsuit, Massachusetts state attorneys were in court seeking an extension to the seven-day restraining order against Trump s travel ban that was originally granted there on Sunday. US District Judge Nathaniel Gorton did not issue an extension, but is reviewing arguments and will rule by Sunday.However, Robart s nationwide restraining order provides coverage in case Gorton s ruling does not extend the local stay.I don't wake up every day looking for a way to sue Donald Trump. But we are 10 days in and I've filed three cases already.  Maura Healey (@maura_healey) January 31, 2017 If an Executive Order looks like a Muslim ban, acts like a Muslim ban, and has been talked about as a Muslim ban, then it s probably a Muslim ban, Friday s complaint read.The initial lawsuit in the commonwealth was filed Sunday on behalf of two state university professors from Iran with green cards who were detained at Boston s Logan Airport on their way back from an academic conference. An amended complaint added six new plaintiffs, including several non-citizens legally in the US who are afraid they will be unable to return if they leave the country, WHDH reported.Indeed, visas for two of the plaintiffs   a doctoral student at the University of Massachusetts with family in Iran and a businesswoman who often travels to the US   have already been revoked, meaning they will not be allowed to return to the country if they leave, said Joshua Press, an attorney with the Department of Justice, according to the Boston Herald.In Virginia on Friday, Reuveni said in court that 100,000 visas had been revoked as a result of the executive order. The number 100,000 sucked the air out of my lungs, Simon Sandoval-Moshenberg of the Legal Aid Justice Center, who represents the Aziz brothers, told the Washington Post.However, the State Department later said the number was actually less than 60,000. The US government issues about 90,000 visas a year to people from the seven restricted countries. Some of those visas last longer than one year, so the overall number of people from the seven countries in the US is much higher.Reuveni also argued that, since Sunday, green-card holders no longer face any enhanced scrutiny when entering the country. However, other legal visa holders already in the US have had their visas revoked, and so will not be able to return if they leave, Virginia Elliott, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Consular Affairs at the State Department, told the Washington Post.On Sunday, DHS issued a blanket waiver for lawful permanent residents, ditching the case-by-case waivers that had been in operation prior. On Thursday, White House Counsel Don McGahn issued what he called  authoritative guidance  that green-card holders were not covered under Trump s executive order.What the government says is happening and what volunteers at airports are experiencing are not the same thing, however.Although immigration attorneys are legally allowed to give face-to-face legal counsel to permanent residents still in the secured area of airports, that s not what s happening in practice. Despite Brinkema s previous ruling, immigration attorneys at Dulles International Airport in Virginia aren t allowed into the secure area to talk to visa holders. Instead, they wait until people exit into the main part of the airport.Proud to work with the great group of volunteer attorneys @DullesJustice pic.twitter.com/cet86qpHfm  Christine B (@cdbachy) February 1, 2017 When people come through the international arrivals, we line that area, and lawyers are trying to get all the information they can from people coming through arrivals, Molly Hartshorn, a volunteer with Dulles Justice Coalition, told RT. There s a great wall of attorneys asking people,  How was Customs? Did you see anything strange?  Did anything get handed out on the airplane that was strange? Did they make you sign anything? Even on Tuesday, after the ruling, lawyers were still only gaining information from arriving passengers who were allowed to enter the US, Sirine Shebaya, a volunteer lawyer, told Vox. Although returning green-card holders were being allowed in the country after extensive screening, first-time lawful permanent residents were still being turned away.A beautiful crew of folks who fed us and stood with signs to support all those coming in from customs. pic.twitter.com/dVyfatXS61  Justin Eisele (@Jteisele) February 2, 2017Customs and Border Patrol agents refused to talk to Shebaya or Azadeh Erfani, who works with the Capital Area Immigrants  Rights Coalition, according to Vox. That doesn t mean that the CBP employees agree with the executive order, however. Asylum law requires CBP officers to affirmatively ask if an applicant fears return when placing them into expedited removal, an immigration official told The Intercept. By pressuring them to simply get on a plane without going into formal removal proceedings, they are violating our obligations under the refugee convention. We are violating international law. Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22235,Boiler Room #95 – Weapons of Mass Penetration,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki host of The Nameless Podcast, Jay Dyer Jay s Analysis, Stewart Howe and ACR regular InfidelPharaoh for the 94th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust. Tonight the gang is discussing the myriad of Trump Protests, Anti-fa violence against pro-Trump supporters, weapons of mass migration and the travel ban executive order.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Direct Download Episode #95Reference Links:",0
22236,"Potential Shift: Trump Warns Israel, ‘New Settlements May Not Help Peace in Middle East’","21st Century Wire says Incredibly, Donald Trump may have just thrown an executive head fake to Bibi Netanyahu.Back in December 2015 during the GOP primary campaign,the Israeli Lobby started getting very interested in Trump after he appeared to blame Israel for not securing a lasting peace agreement with the Palestinians. You could hear a pin drop in the debate hall when Trump opined: I have a real question as to whether or not both sides want to make it,  Trump said, before explaining that his concerns predominantly reside with  one side in particular [Israel]. Months later, and only days before the Republican Party s National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio, Trump abandoned any pretence of  neutrality  on the Israel-Palestine issue, insisting that he was now firmly committed  to supporting Israeli settlement expansion in the illegal occupied territories, as well as not recognizing a Palestinian State.At the time this was music to Netanyahu s ears, and even better for the US-based Israel Lobby who spend hundreds of millions of dollars a year to buy-off US Congressmen and Senators in for for Israel to get everything it wants and desires.And then this happened this week By Abby Phillip and Karen DeYoung Washington PostThe White House on Thursday gently warned Israel that new or expanded settlements in the West Bank  may not be helpful  in achieving a Middle East peace, while insisting it has no  official position on settlement activity. A statement issued by press secretary Sean Spicer said that although the administration does not believe settlements are  an impediment to peace, the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal. The American desire for peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians has remained unchanged for 50 years,  Spicer s statement said, a reference to President Trump s insistence that a return to the Middle East negotiating table is a goal he hopes to achieve.While the statement carefully parsed it words, it marked a step away from what some Trump officials   and the president s designated new ambassador to Israel   have said in favor of settlements. Trump s first foreign call as president was to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and he has been sharply critical of former president Barack Obama, whom he characterized as weak on Israel.The apparent genesis of the statement was a story in Thursday s Jerusalem Post, which quoted an unnamed senior administration official telling Netanyahu s government to stop a spree of housing construction approved since Trump s inauguration, lest it interfere with Trump s plans to work toward a peace plan Continue this story at the Washington PostSEE ALSO: The Genealogy of Trump s U-Turn on PalestineREAD MORE ISRAEL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Israel FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22237,"Dear America: Stop Supporting Terrorists in Syria, and Around the World","21st Century Wire says Since 2011 the United States government, led by President Barack Obama, has adopted an open policy of supporting an armed opposition in Syria. While certain officials have only recently admitted to arming and funding these militants, evidence shows that the support has been pouring in through both covert means and official channels from the onset of the conflict. We now know that those commonly referred to in the western media as  rebels  in Syria are comprised mainly of religious extremists and designated terrorists. Despite this revelation, the US, UK, France, along with Saudi Arabia, Qatar and others have continued to back them, and even go so far as to color them with political legitimacy   all in a grand effort to try and achieve regime change in Syria. It s not the first time either that Washington has pursued this same policy of destablization in order to overthrow a foreign government.President Donald Trump has an opportunity to reverse this backwards US policy. Will he capitalize on the opportunity to start anew, or will the US revert back to its old deep state default position? The passage of Hawaii Congresswomen Tulsi Gabbard s recently proposed piece of legislation entitled, Stop Arming Terrorists Act, would be positive move in that direction. Will President Trump champion her bill?The following is an open letter from writer Steven Sahiounie to the US Government To the Government of the United States of America:I am asking my American government to stop supporting terrorists in Syria. The US government, and media, keep calling them  moderate rebels , but they are not.  They were never moderate, and many are not rebels. By definition, a  rebel  is rebelling against their own government.  However, many of the US backed  rebels  are not Syrian, and have no family ties to Syria, and have never been a citizen of Syria. For example, how could a Chinese citizen fight in a rebellion against the American government?  By what right does a Chinese citizen have to kill and maim in order to change the US government?  It is wrong and makes no sense.I would never advocate, or support any armed attack, or rebellion against the American government. There are laws against murdering, raping, kidnapping and maiming people in USA.  The same such laws exist in Syria. How could a democracy and a world leader like USA advocate murdering, raping, kidnapping and maiming innocent Syrian people?From the out-set of violence and crimes in  Syria in  2011, the US backed  rebels  used sectarian slogans, and carries out sectarian attacks and massacres. Syria is a secular form of government, as is USA. Why would American leaders support the targeting of minorities in Syria, when the President of America is himself a minority? Why would the US government support the destruction on churches and mosques? American s value religious freedom, and equality of minorities; yet the US backed  Free Syrian Army  destroyed churches, targeted Christians, attacked Christian villages, as well as targeting Muslim minority sects with similar acts: such as Kessab, Ballouta, Mahardeh, and Maaloula among many others.The US government sent weapons, missiles, special training, equipment, food, medical supplies, communications, and satellite imagery to the Free Syrian Army from 2011 to 2016. Yet, the current exodus of evacuees from East Aleppo has not received even one loaf of bread from USA.  While the US backed FSA had many warehouses full of food and medicines they have left behind as they retreated deeper into East Aleppo. Finally, the  rebels  who agreed to vacate recently have burned all the medical supplies and food storages, which were the gifts of the American taxpayers, so as to prevent the distribution of those  supplies to the starving masses who have fled East Aleppo now.American citizens are currently very concerned about Syrian refugees coming to USA who may have had ties to terrorism.  The US backed  rebels  are exactly the type of people the American citizens should be afraid of as possible new neighbors, living in their midst as settled refugees.  They are the type of people who would chop off the head of their neighbor because his religion is not exactly the same as theirs.  They are the type of people who are willing to take money from a foreign government for the purpose of destroying their own community.  They are the type of people who do not value religious freedom, or minority rights. What would happen when the US backed  rebels , who may be settled in USA, decide to rebel against the American government? Will the US President and Congress call them  freedom fighters ? Or, perhaps America s enemies will fund and support their armed attacks on the US government and civilians?We should all be united in our plea: please stop supporting terrorism  in Syria, and around the world.Steven Sahiounie***21WIRE Special Contributor Steven Sahiounie is an American citizen born in Fresno, California.  He has been living permanently in Latakia, Syria, which was his father s original hometown.  Steven is a freelance journalist and University student studying English Literature.  READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22238,"OPEN SOCIETY: Soros-backed, Anti-Trump Immigration Protests ‘Sprung from Nowhere’ at Airports Across America","21st Century Wire says This week a US presidential executive order temporarily restricted travelers and refugees from Syria, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Yemen from entering America. In response to the controversial order, a wave of anti-Trump  flash mob  protests emerged seemingly out of nowhere at New York s JFK Airport and other airports across the nation. Welcome to the brave new world of digital activism, driven by some of the world wealthiest men   ENGINEERING CRISIS    George Soros tied to protests over Trump s recent executive order concerning immigration.  (Photo illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)While the airport angst appeared to be an organic effort to reject Trump s executive order on immigration, it was revealed that the heavily organized protests were found to be tied to social movement billionaire financier George Soros. Participating groups included the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), the National Immigration Law Center, the Urban Jusric Center, and  Make The Road  advocacy group, to name only a few   are all funded by Soros front organizations led by his Open Society Foundation.The airport protests erupted just a week after a string of multi-million dollar Soros-linked/Democratic Party-affiliated NGO s organized what was dubbed a  Women s March on Washington DC. The Soros-backed women s march  was full of Hollywood celebrities in addition to a bevy of other speakers that included Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards, activist Gloria Steinem, filmmaker Michael Moore, as well as the convicted felon Donna Hylton, who took part in kidnapping and torturing a 62-year-old real-estate broker named Thomas Vigliarole, in a botched ransom plot from 1985.The recent airport protests and mainstream media reportage regarding the immigration based executive order prompted a response from President Donald Trump over the past 24 hours:Below will take a closer look at the main outline of the immigration based executive order, as another wave of Soros-backed political opposition has been triggered into action  (Image Source: abcnews.com)Here are the key provisions of the immigration order outlined by the Trump administration:Whether or not someone supports the new US immigration order, it is strange that the list does not include other countries linked to state-sponsored terror such as Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Pakistan. From a security standpoint, by leaving out these terrorist-linked and terrorist sponsor countries   Trump s executive order makes little sense.In a press release from February of 2016, The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) outlined travel orders similar to Trump s immigration EO based on the Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015. Here s a passage of the DHS release discussing travel restrictions concerning the exact countries included in the Trump order: The Department of Homeland Security today announced that it is continuing its implementation of the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015 with the addition of Libya, Somalia, and Yemen as three countries of concern, limiting Visa Waiver Program travel for certain individuals who have traveled to these countries. Pursuant to the Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security had sixty days to determine whether additional countries or areas of concern should be subject to the travel or dual nationality restrictions under the Act. After careful consideration, and in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security has determined that Libya, Somalia, and Yemen be included as countries of concern, specifically for individuals who have traveled to these countries since March 1, 2011. At this time, the restriction on Visa Waiver Program travel will not apply to dual nationals of these three countries. DHS continues to consult with the Department of State and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence to develop further criteria to determine whether other countries would be added to this list. Last month, the United States began implementing changes under the Act. The three additional countries designated today join Iran, Iraq, Sudan and Syria as countries subject to restrictions for Visa Waiver Program travel for certain individuals. Under the new law, the Secretary of Homeland Security may waive these restrictions if he determines that such a waiver is in the law enforcement or national security interests of the United States. Such waivers will be granted only on a case-by-case basis. As a general matter, categories of travelers who may be eligible for a waiver include individuals who traveled to these countries on behalf of international organizations, regional organizations, and sub-national governments on official duty; on behalf of a humanitarian NGO on official duty; or as a journalist for reporting purposes. Additionally, under the Obama administration, during the Syrian refugee resettlement program US entrance for Iraqi refugees was halted for 6 months in 2011.Interestingly, several Soros-linked organizations led the charge following the detention of immigrant travelers at airports in America over this past weekend. The ACLU, and the immigration-advocacy group Make The Road, both Soros linked entities, were heavily involved in organizing political opposition concerning the Trump immigration order.In 2014, it was disclosed that George Soros s Open Society Foundations granted $50 million dollars to the ACLU. Additionally, a law suit filed by ACLU associated lawyers and The National Immigration Law Center led to a stay of President Trump s executive orders over the past 48 hours.Breitbart recently reported that the  The National Immigration Law Center has received numerous Open Society grants earmarked for general support. RT reported the following on January 30th: Three more federal judges, along with a district judge, have issued rulings barring authorities from deporting people detained at US airports following President Donald Trump s executive order restricting entry to travelers from seven countries with Muslim-majorities. Whether in the flesh, social media or through mainstream TV, the populace is subject to various forms of hyperreal propaganda around the global   in many ways this is being used to push certain political regime changes and party objectives through the use of deceptive color revolutions and their many incarnations.In a book from 2011 written by Susanne Elizabeth Shawyer entitled  Radical Street Theatre and the Yippie Legacy: A Performance History of the Youth International Party, 1967 1968,  we gain a clearer perspective of the term  Smart Mobs   and the nature of these cross-platform gatherings: The potential for ideological uses of flash mobs soon became clear by autumn 2003. Because of its original apolitical nature and network organization, the flash mob was easily appropriated for other means beyond random fun. Flash mobs were soon used for political or commercial end by those seeking to capitalize on the trendy cultural capital of flash mobs. Adding to that, Shawyer cites author social science critic Howard Rheingold, who penned a book entitled  Smart Mobs: The Next Social Revolution  in 2003 and continued to outline the nature of smart mobs: A smart mob may be composed of strangers who have no relationship to each other beyond their mutual connection to the network, yet this connection creates a virtual community and provides the opportunity for collective action. When looking at the smart mob phenomena concerning the recent anti-trump protests in America, we can see how a large block of people can become useful in spreading political or cultural memes.In addition, the blending of socially engineered political agitator mobs and color revolutions is becoming more and more imperceptible as any group-think meme can cause a sudden flash gathering for the cause of the day.Controversial filmmaker Michael Moore took to social media to rouse the masses, while acknowledging that the Soros-backed NGO MoveOn.org mobilized a protest directly outside of the White House . Debra Heine PJ MediaThe flurry of anguished news stories and protests surrounding President Trump s executive action temporarily suspending  immigrants and non-immigrants  from  countries of particular concern  appears to be part of a coordinated PR effort financed by left-wing billionaire George Soros.Rather than a complete  Muslim ban  as promised during the campaign, Trump s executive order contains moderate refugee restrictions, similar to those that have been implemented by President Obama. If reports are true that restrictions are being applied even to green-card holders, that is an unfortunate misapplication of the law that will likely soon be corrected.Protesters quickly materialized Saturday at JFK Airport, where some refugees were being temporarily detained.Who are these people? Make the Road  is a NY-based far-left non-profit funded in part by George Soros.According to Breitbart s Aaron Klein, the signatories to the lawsuit filed Saturday to block Trump s executive order included immigration lawyers from groups financed by Soros.At least one case quickly prompted a legal challenge as lawyers representing two Iraqi refugees held at Kennedy International Airport in New York filed a motion early Saturday seeking to have their clients released. They also filed a motion for class certification, in an effort to represent all refugees and other immigrants who they said were being unlawfully detained at ports of entry.The suit was filed by lawyers from the International Refugee Assistance Project, the National Immigration Law Center, the Jerome N. Frank Legal Services Organization at Yale Law School, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), and the International Refugee Assistance Project (formerly Iraqi Refugee Assistance Project) at the Urban Justice Center.The ACLU is massively funded by Soros s Open Society Foundations, including with a $50 million grant in 2014.The National Immigration Law Center has received numerous Open Society grants earmarked for general support.The Urban Justice Center is also the recipient of an Open Society grant.Taryn Higashi, executive director of the Center s International Refugee Assistance Project, which is listed on the Trump lawsuit, currently serves on the Advisory Board of the International Migration Initiative of Soros s Open Society Foundations.Reportedly, open-borders advocate Soros has provided some $76 million for immigrant issues over the past decade, as Soros-funded immigrant rights groups  helped influence President Obama s immigration policy.PJ Media continues here..READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22239,"President Trump Fires Acting Attorney General, Sally Yates","21st Century Wire says In a press release from the Office of the Press Secretary, it was revealed today that acting Attorney General, Sally Yates, was relieved of duty after instructing Department of Justice lawyers not to defend Trump s executive order on travel bans. The Press Secretary release noted that Yates  betrayed the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States.  Trump took to Twitter and launched a pointed tweet saying that  The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct Yates will be replaced by Dana Boente, the US Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, to hold the position of acting attorney general. In the press release Boente is quoted as saying,  I am honored to serve President Trump in this role until Senator Sessions is confirmed. I will defend and enforce the laws of our country to ensure that our people and our nation are protected. RT reports on this breaking story below: RTYates was relieved of her post Monday, just hours after news broke that she was instructing Department of Justice lawyers not to defend the executive order..@POTUS has named Dana Boente, US Attorney for the Eastern District of VA as Acting Attorney General.  Sally Yates has been relieved.  Sean Spicer (@PressSec) January 31, 2017Yates  betrayed the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States,  a press release from the Office of the Press Secretary read.Boente, an Obama appointee, was confirmed by the Senate to his previous US Attorney post. The Trump administration told reporters Monday evening that was good enough to allow him to sign Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) warrants authorizing surveillance of perceived foreign threats in the US.This is unprecedented, as Boente s Senate confirmation did not grant him FISA approval power. That authority is reserved to the US attorney general and deputy attorney general, who until now have been directly confirmed by the Senate to those posts. It remains to be seen if this move will face a legal challenge. I am honored to serve President Trump in this role until Senator Sessions is confirmed. I will defend and enforce the laws of our country to ensure that our people and our nation are protected,  Boente said as Acting Attorney General in the press release.URGENT: Acting AG tells DOJ lawyers not to defend #Trump travel ban order https://t.co/AWPRDFfvEm pic.twitter.com/8CRm4VBNgm  RT America (@RT_America) January 30, 2017 I am responsible for ensuring that the positions we take in court remain consistent with this institution s solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right, Yates wrote in a letter, according to the New York Times. At present, I am not convinced that the defense of the executive order is consistent with these responsibilities nor am I convinced that the executive order is lawful. Trump responded to Yates  move on Twitter, calling it an example of Democrats  obstruction for purely political reasons. The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 31, 2017Former Attorney General Eric Holder, who served under President Obama, tweeted support for Yates after her termination Sally Yates: person of integrity/attorney with great legal skill. Has served this nation with distinction. Her judgment should be trusted.  Eric Holder (@EricHolder) January 31, 2017Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22240,Trump Executive Order on Ethics Commitments Bans Lobbying for Executive Branch Employees,"21st Century Wire says Reactions around the world are mixed with regards to the first salvo of executive orders coming out of the Trump White House, but here s one that will likely have many readers nodding in agreement  even some reluctant agreement from the left, perhaps?On January 28th, President Trump signed the Executive Order on Ethics Commitments by Executive Branch Appointees. Will this executive order have some of the DC  swamp life  scrambling to tune up the ethics associated with political appointees and lobbying on Capital Hill? Has President Trump just put some gravitas behind his campaign promises to  drain the swamp ?Time will tell, but this could be a step in the right direction in curtailing some of the power that lobbyists can wield.RT has more in the report below: RTAs part of his promise to  drain the swamp  US President Donald Trump has signed an  ethics commitments  executive order restricting his administration officials from working as lobbyists after they leave government.The order bans his appointees from lobbying any government official for two years and the agency they worked in for five years. It also prevents them from ever lobbying the US on behalf of a foreign government or foreign political parties.The order is  solely enforceable by the United States by any legally available means.  Anyone found violating the ban could be barred from lobbying their former agency for up to another five years, on top of the five-year period covered by the order.The order also states that Trump, or his designee, may also grant  to any person a waiver of any of restrictions contained in the pledge. A huge focus of Trump s election campaign was his promise to tackle Washington insiders.  His pledge to  drain the swamp  became a hugely popular chant at his rallies. The executive order is an effort to deliver on those promises however it s far from certain that it will be effective.It s already common for former officials to find ways to use their influence without registering as lobbyists. Under the Lobbying Disclosure Act, former officials can avoid registering as lobbyists if they spend less than 20 percent of their time in meetings with government officials Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22241,Trump Supporters Attacked By Liberal Protesters: Taking Political Violence to New Level,"21st Century Wire says  Trump protests are getting out of hand, yet again. This time in Portland Oregon. Liberal progressive protesters have taken to the streets in opposition to the President s latest controversial executive order instituting a 7 nation travel ban. Lets see how it turned out:Protesters surrounded Trump supporters outside the Portland airport and bullhorned in their faces bumper sticker slogans like,  No Fear, No Hate!  and then  Peaceful Protest!  Anyone who s not seen the full video at this point might still think this was a protest and not a violent mob bordering on a riot.The extreme left protestors chased the Trump supporters into the Portland airport and things got ugly. One of the Trump supporters was sucker punched, which seems to be an escalation of violence among protesters, similar to the recent sucker punch of Alt-Right leader, Richard Spenser in Washington DC last week.As the man who was assaulted hit the ground the protestors gathered around him and proceeded to continue to taunt, chant and ridicule the injured Trump supporter. Phrases like,  That s how you talk to a Nazi! That s right!  were said by anti-Trump activists,  Your boy got knocked out!  and  Wooo! Hunt the Nazis! The victim of the assault, Grant Chisholm, 39 year old from Portland says that he was hit three times in the head with something metallic in the assault. They almost killed me tonight,  said Chisholm.Chisholm claims he dropped in and out of consciousness while other protesters attempted to kick him, according to a report at  Oregonlive.com, although this is not verifiable in the video footage.The extreme left has always claimed to be the  tolerant  and  accepting  of political identities, but look how they behave when they lose the election. Is this tolerance, acceptance of different views when their protests consist of violence, cowardly sucker punch assaults and hateful chants accusing anyone with a remotely conservative world view of being a Nazi?Watch the assault happen in the video below:. READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22242,SUNDAY SCREENING: Counter Intelligence – ‘The Strategy of Tension’,"21st Century Wire says Our weekly documentary film curated by the editorial team at 21WIRE.The following is Part 3 of a 5 part series which deals with the Deep State The Strategy of Tension examines the history of false flag operations used for war, propaganda and psychological operations or  psy-ops . Operation Northwoods and Operation Gladio are examples used to illustrate the nature of clandestine operation planning and execution; as well as shedding light on the intent and extent to which the National Security apparatus manipulates events and manufactures outcomes to suit its goals. This programme also looks at the issues that spin off from the history of false flag operations such as how conspiracy theories are used to discredit inquiry and investigative journalism; and also how the cultural preconditions around dismissing false flag operations serve to protect their continuation and  plausible deniability  Watch:. Run time: 55 min Writer and Director: Scott Noble Production: Metanoia FilmsSEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22243,Episode 3 – DRIVE BY WIRE: ‘Under New Management’ with Patrick & Shawn," MEMBERS can join co-hosts Patrick Henningsen and Shawn Helton from 21WIRE for their brand new morning commute show  DRIVE BY WIRE  shown in full here at 21WIRE.TV A 45 minute extended stream of consciousness analysis of America s new President Trump, his policies, the DC Women s March, feminism, Madonna, Tony Montana, politically correct mobs, ISIS, and Insane John McCain and much more. It s going to be a wild ride (the next 4 years we mean) WATCH THIS EPISODE OF DRIVE BY WIRE HERE @ 21WIRE.TVSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22244,Is The Washington Post Waging a ‘Media War’ on President Trump?,"21st Century Wire says The leftist media machine and the Washington Post are going after President Trump again. Are Josh Rogin and the The Post waging a media war against President Trump?Trump said last Wednesday that he,  will absolutely do safe zones in Syria  for refugees fleeing violence. A statement certainly indicating that he supports humanitarian efforts to set up refugee camps for displaced Syrians. Amid concerns that this might mean an increased US/NATO military presence in the zone the The Post and mainstream media has taken the opportunity to take the comment and paint it as a military escalation before any details of said plan have been released. One must wonder, where was The Post s warning of escalation of violence and criticism of the Obama administration when the so-called  Rebel Fighters  where being funded, armed and trained by the Pentagon, CIA and US State Department? Lindsay Graham and John McCain pushed these policies very openly and were only criticized by independent journalists.In another example of The Post going after Trump with a broad smattering of deception, Josh Rogin released an article and report titled:  The State Department s entire senior administrative team just resigned  this week. That headline went viral among consumers of leftist media outlets and has made its way into the apparent media war against Trump talking points of the week.Conversely, Allegra Kirkland of Reuters reported, at the same time, that the  Entire State Department Management Team Fired By Trump Admin. How do we reconcile these polar opposite narrative reports from the right and left sides of mainstream media?Is that an accurate headline by Rogin? Did the  entire senior administrative team resign? Is Kirkland s headline accurate? Did Trump fire the entire State Department management team?The short answer to these questions appears to be, no.At most, eight employees left the State Department. Furthermore, it appears to be an outright falsehood to claim that any of them left in protest of a Trump presidency or that there is a mass exodus of crucial members of the State Department. It also seems that it is yet another falsehood to claim that they were fired by Trump s administration.Do these claims show an intentional misleading of the readers by both the right and leftist media giants, a gross misunderstanding of the transition process at the State Department or both?The Ron Paul Institute re-posted an analysis on this situation from WeMeantWell.com that is brings more facts to light. Compare what you read below with Josh Rogin s talking points for an interesting view into how the mainstream leftist media is spinning stories about the Trump administration.The Ron Paul Institute & WeMeantWell.com bring some perspective to the topic below: Ron Paul InstituteYesterday at the State Department five officials resigned or retired. Another one today.The media has gone near-insane, claiming State is crumbling in protest under the Trump administration. This is not true. What happened at State is very routine.Leaving the Department are head of the Management Bureau Pat Kennedy (above), Assistant Secretary of State for Administration Joyce Anne Barr, Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs Michele Bond, Ambassador Gentry O. Smith, director of the Office of Foreign Missions, arms control official Tom Countryman, and Victoria Nuland.Here s the story:  No one at the State Dept resigned in protest.  No one was formally fired.  Six people were transferred from or retired from political appointee positions. Technically those who did not retire can be considered to have  resigned,  but that is a routine HR/personnel term used, not some political statement. The six are career Foreign Service career personnel (FSOs) They previously left their FSO job to be appointed into political jobs and now have resigned those (or retired out of the State Department) to return to career FSO jobs. A circle. They are required to submit a letter of resignation as a matter of routine when a new president takes office.  As for perspective: only one Under Secretary of State (Alan Larson) stayed through the transition from Bill Clinton to George W. Bush. It is routine for senior officials to leave or be reassigned.  Several of the six are connected to the Clinton emails and/or Clinton s handling of Benghazi. One of these people, Pat Kennedy, played a significant role in both, as well as many other controversial issues during Clinton s term. Sources tell me that although officially Kennedy  retired,  he was more or less required to do so by the Trump administration.  I have no information on the others, whether they were asked to retire, or just part of a reshuffling of positions and will routinely be reassigned. Most likely the latter, as such reshuffling is very common as administrations change. As everywhere in the government, the new administration fills its own political appointee slots.  Some of the six will hit mandatory retirement age on January 31 anyway.  Reports that these people represent  senior management  at State confuse terms. Because of the odd way State is organized, four of the six work in the Management Bureau, M in State talk. Kennedy was the head of the Bureau. The four play varying roles and collectively are not the senior management of the State Department. Two work in other parts of the Department (Countryman and Nuland) and are more directly tied to policies likely to change under the new administration.  All six persons come from offices with a deep bench. It is highly unlikely that any of the work of the State Department will be impeded by any of these changes. Every office has a second, third, fourth, etc., person in charge who will step up pending formal replacements to be nominated and confirmed. This is all part of the standard transition process.  As an example, I worked in the Bureau of Consular Affairs for most of my 24 years at State, including working with/for Michele Bond, one of the resignees. I personally know the people in the next rank below her, and all have equal experience and tenure as Bond. There will be no gap in experience or knowledge as some press reports have fretted. There will be no void. A slightly more dire, but responsible take, here.  There will very likely be more, similar,  resignations  and reshuffling at State. New political appointees will bring in their own staff, for example. But unless and until an employee holds a press conference to announce s/he is resigning out of protest, the media should take care to calm down, verify facts, and report accurately.  The Washington Post stated these changes were part of an  ongoing mass exodus of senior Foreign Service officers who don t want to stick around for the Trump era.  I am not aware of any other noteworthy departures (two lesser officials left earlier this month in circumstances not clearly connected to Trump) and as stated above, the six did not resign in protest. Regardless, eight people in any context do not constitute a mass exodus.  The Post article is, in my opinion, grossly alarming. It reflects a reporter apparently unfamiliar with transitions Continue this report at The Ron Paul InstituteREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22245,#FakeNews Made By Mainstream Media,"21st Century Wire says There is no greater source of so-called  fake news  than the corporate mainstream media, particularly those outlets in the US. On a recent SUNDAY WIRE show, host Patrick Henningsen talks about US Mainstream Media fakery which has taken over Washington DC, exposing the litany of lies and disinformation being cranked-out by TIME Magazine, CNN, NBC News, New York Times and the Washington Post. Listen:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/304139324  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /] . READ MORE MSM FAKERY AT: 21st Century Wire MSM FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22246,Boiler Room #94 – President Trump & The Great Neo-Liberal Freakout of 2017,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki host of The Nameless Podcast, Jay Dyer Jay s Analysis, Stewart Howe and ACR regular InfidelPharaoh for the 94th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Listen to  Boiler Room   Episode #94  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22247,EP #11: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Top Trump Trends for 2017’ with guest Gerald Celente,"Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 11 This week we ll cover some of this week s headline stories including Trump s ascendency to the White House, and what s happened in his first week at the Oval Office.In our main feature segment, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest Gerald Celente, best selling author and Director of the Trends Research Institute in New York, to discuss the real impact of the 2016 Election and America s new President Donald J. Trump. Listen Listen to  EP 11: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with Gerald Celente  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22248,Trump Revives Keystone and Dakota Access Pipelines,"21st Century Wire says Tuesday, President Donald Trump signed an executive action removing legal obstacles holding up the completion of the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines. This story will certainly be a hot button for a lot of people. Reactions will likely depend on one s perspective on Trump, understanding of land issues, thoughts on cultural preservation, energy, US jobs, water quality and ecological harmony.With Progressive Leftwing attacks in full overdrive, post Trump s inauguration, many people are looking to the Trump administration to either confirm their worst fears or their greatest hopes, with every move he makes. But remember, Trump s  Art of the Deal,  is in play now and things may not always be black/white or good/bad, as this administration performs their first set of actions setting the foundation for the next 4-8 years.Many following the issue are not taking into consideration that the pipeline is more than 90% complete when Obama put a hold on the completion of the DAPL via the US Army Corps of Engineers. Obama s move was hardly one of stopping development of this pipeline but was likely politically motivated.It is worth noting that they had previously approved all plans for the completion of the DAPL in June of 2016 and appears to have been put a hold on the completion in the wake of the elevated protests at the Standing Rock location and the US Presidential election.Regardless, both pipeline projects are divisive political hot potato issues   which have now fallen into the hands of Donald Trump. Expect Trump s reaction to generate renewed protests and opportunities for negative press.RT explores the topic further in the report below:RTPresident Donald Trump ordered the removal of obstacles to the construction of two major oil and gas pipelines, which the Obama administration had reluctantly blocked after protests from environmentalists and Native Americans.The construction will be  subject to terms and conditions to be negotiated by us,  Trump said, citing as an example the need for pipe components to be built in the US.Other presidential actions signed on Tuesday included expediting environmental reviews for critical infrastructure projects and streamlining the  extremely cumbersome  regulatory process for domestic manufacturing. The regulatory process in this country has become a tangled-up mess,  Trump said.Tuesday s actions weren t technically executive orders but presidential memoranda, an executive action ranked just below but with equal force. Unlike an executive order, a presidential memorandum does not have to be numbered, include a cost estimate, or cite the authority under which it is issued.White House spokesman Sean Spicer reminded reporters on Tuesday that the Dakota Access Pipeline is 93 percent complete. Trump intends to sit down with all the parties involved with the pipeline, including Native Americans, and negotiate the best deal that benefits everyone, Spicer said.The new administration wanted to start on the Keystone XL approval process as soon as possible, Spicer said.TrumpDAPLReactions Trump s decision was quickly condemned by environmentalists, Native American activists, the American Civil Liberties Union and a number of Democratic lawmakers. Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vermont) said the US  can t afford to build new pipelines that lock us into burning more fossil fuels  and vowed to do everything to stop both pipelines.A lawyer for the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe said the decision was made  hastily and irresponsibly.  The tribe said it intended to pursue legal action against Trump s order, adding that the pipeline posed a risk not just for their water supply but also for millions of Americans living downstream.One of the leading organizations in the Standing Rock protests, the Indigenous Environmental Network, called Trump s actions  insane and extreme, and nothing short of attacks on our ancestral homelands. Trump is portraying his true self by joining forces with the darkness of the Black Snake pipelines crossing across the culturally and environmentally rich landscape of the prairie lands of America,  the IEN said in a statement.The North Dakota Petroleum Council, representing the state s oil producers, hailed the presidential action as  a great step forward for energy security in America,  the organization s president Ron Ness told Reuters.Keystone XL is a shortcut proposed for the existing system that carries oil and gas from Alberta s shale fields in Canada to Steele City, Nebraska. The segment would have run through Montana, South Dakota and Nebraska. Despite being initially in favor of the pipeline, the Obama administration rejected it in November 2015, citing its  overinflated role in [US] political discourse. Obama likewise blocked the final stretch of the Dakota Access (DAPL) pipeline in December, after US military veterans joined Native Americans protesting the construction under Lake Oahe, the principal water source for the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in North Dakota. Most of the 1,172-mile-long pipeline from North Dakota s Bakken shale fields to Illinois has already been completed.Asked about #DakotaAccessPipeline & #Keystone, Spicer says #Trump's focus is jobs, the economy & using US resources https://t.co/m96ivKU6bR pic.twitter.com/10MSqpx5YL  RT America (@RT_America) January 23, 2017Both Trump and his nominee for Energy Secretary Rick Perry held shares in Energy Transfer Partners, the company building DAPL, but have since divested of them, according to their attorneys.Following media reports that Trump would revive the pipeline projects, shares of TransCanada, Energy Transfer Partners LP and Energy Transfer Equity LP went up 1.1 percent, 3.3 percent and 1.7 percent respectively, Bloomberg noted.Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22249,Tucker Carlson to Border Angels Founder: Why Shouldn’t Borders Be Protected?,"21st Century Wire says Why shouldn t borders be protected?  It is a fair question Tucker is asking Enrique Morones, founder of  Border Angels  (pro-immigration advocate group) in a recent discussion about President Trump s 10 point immigration plan.Morones was quick to call Trump s position on illegal immigration  racist  and  xenophobic  yet seemed to have no knowledge that the policies of Mexico are much more harsh with regard to illegal immigration. In Mexico illegal immigration is a felony, illegal immigrants can face deportations (based even on financial viability, physical and mental health) and up to 10 years in prison for repeat offenders. Tucker also points out that Mexico only allows 4% of their applicants clemency whereas the US grants 49% and Morones again seems completely unaware of the facts being presented.Certainly it is a sensitive topic that should be open for debate by all citizens but the critical thinkers out there are likely wondering  Are Morones and many of those on the left confusing the difference between enforcing legal US immigration policies and acts of hatred? Why does he not hold Mexico to the same standard as the US? Watch the interview below and you decide.https://youtu.be/K_llng4kFokREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22250,Trump: The First President to Turn Postmodernism Against Itself,"Liberals still don t get it. Trump is the political Anti-Hero for the post pc era. Original painting artwork courtesy of Jason Liosatos.David Ernst The FederalistIf politics flows downwards from culture, then it was only a matter of time before a politician mastered the role. Love him or hate him, Donald Trump cracked that code.Tony Soprano, Walter White, and Frank Underwood are just a few recent examples of the enormously popular characters who have, each in their own way, stood in for the role of the complicated bad guy who fascinates millions of Americans.Antiheroes have long found homes in Westerns, gangster movies, and crime dramas, such as Al Pacino s portrayal of Miami drug kingpin Tony Montana in  Scarface.  Tony begins an epic decline and fall in the film with a nasty fight with his wife at an exclusive Miami country club. She publically humiliates him in front of a bunch of dumbstruck, WASPy, black-tie wearing, golf-playing white hairs by loudly accusing him of being a murderer, a drug dealer, and incapable of being a decent father.If Tony were a classic hero, this would have been the beginning of his moral reckoning and his search for repentance. But this is  Scarface,  and Tony is no hero, so he responds to his public exposure as a criminal in polite society by turning the mirror back on his audience and dressing them down: What you lookin  at? You all a bunch of f in  a holes. You know why? You don t have the guts to be what you wanna be. You need people like me. You need people like me so you can point your f in  fingers and say,  That s the bad guy.  So  what that make you? Good? You re not good. You just know how to hide, how to lie. Me, I don t have that problem. Me, I always tell the truth. Even when I lie. So say good night to the bad guy! Come on. The last time you gonna see a bad guy like this again, let me tell you.  Al Pacino plays Tony Montana in Scarface.A criminal s longing to be accepted by rich people who aren t criminals themselves isn t a new theme. Nevertheless, considering that Oliver Stone wrote the screenplay, Tony s rant is likely commentary about the hypocrisy of supposedly  respectable  people in cutthroat, capitalistic, Reagan-era America who are substantively no different than Tony is. All these well-to-do Miami types wouldn t be caught dead associating with someone like Tony, even though they know full well that the cocaine business is making them all rich, and many of them probably abuse his product.Thus, from Tony s perspective, what s the point of being decent when the people who supposedly model  decency  have none of it themselves? Wouldn t a sign of moral contrition to these people be a perverted mockery of moral contrition? Wouldn t it be degrading even for Tony?Tony isn t a hero or a villain: he s an antihero. You probably won t admit to rooting for him, but if you enjoyed watching him stick it to those (presumably) stuck-up hypocrites, then it s likely that you did. He s everything his wife said he was, sure, but at least he has the balls to be honest about it.Donald Trump, the Political AntiheroTrump replicated this scene in his inaugural address Friday, a  declaration of war  against  the establishment  whose  victories have not been your victories. Their triumphs have not been your triumphs. And while they celebrated in our nation s capital, there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land. He acted similarly in a jaw-dropping performance at the Al Smith Dinner just days before his election. With every hiss-inducing joke at Hillary Clinton s expense was an unsubtle middle finger to everyone else in attendance. Consider his opening remarks: And a special hello to all of you in this room who have known and loved me for many, many years. It s true. The politicians. They ve had me to their homes. They ve introduced me to their children. I ve become their best friends in many instances. They ve asked for my endorsement and they ve always wanted my money. And even called me really a dear, dear friend. But then suddenly, decided when I ran for president as a Republican, that I ve always been a no-good, rotten, disgusting scoundrel. And they totally forgot about me. In other words: even if I have been a no-good, rotten, disgusting scoundrel, what does that make you? At least I don t pretend to be decent; you people, on the other hand, have the gall to pretend that you re any better than I am. Let s dispense with the fiction that you would have treated me with any less contempt if I had bothered to live up to any of your standards of decency in the first place, and acknowledge that they have nothing to do with decency per se, and everything to do with power. Your presumption of any moral superiority is a willful, bald-faced lie, and I m going to keep calling you on that crap until it puts me in the White House.Many have argued that Trump is the product of political correctness (PC). This is true only in part. Rather, both PC and Trump s response to it are fruits of the postmodernism that has long ascended to the heights of our culture: the nihilism in the common presumption that all truth is relative, morality is subjective, and therefore all of our individually preferred  narratives  that give our lives meaning are equally true and worthy of validation. Tony tellingly lectures his audience,  I always tell the truth, even when I lie.  His character was a man ahead of his time.Postmodernism: Trying to Do Good Is a Waste of TimePostmodernism is the source of the emphasis that our culture puts on authenticity, and the scorn it directs towards phoniness. After all, if the only one true thing in the world is that all truth and morality are relative, then anyone who pretends otherwise is either an idiot or a fraud. Hence the contemporary appeal of the antihero, and the disappearance of the traditional hero.Heroes who stand for traditionally good things in a world where everything supposedly  good  has long been discredited are corny Dudley Do-Rights who are at best too stupid to know better. Antiheroes, by contrast, ingratiate themselves with their audiences for their gritty realism and their candor, no matter how bad they are.Frank Underwood breaks the fourth wall with his viewers and brings them along for his evil schemes; Walter White s moment of redemption is his final admission to his wife that he sells meth because he likes to, and not to do right by his family; and Tony Soprano establishes a close bond with his daughter early on when he admits to her that he s not actually a  waste management consultant.  In the postmodern world, there is no greater virtue then authenticity, and there is no greater vice then phoniness.Postmodernism is also the source of the assumptions underlying the glib jokes of late-night comedians who exhibit disdainful prejudice towards patriotism or religion, but show bitter judgment towards any form of perceived prejudice. It is the baseline for just about every plotline in funny shows about aimless, self-centered people like  Seinfeld,   It s Always Sunny in Philadelphia,  and  Archer.  It is hyper-prejudice against prejudice, or in the words of Evan Sayet,  a cult of non-discrimination. In contrast to the many religions, systems of moral thought, and other ancient traditions that have distinguished every effort to better the human condition, postmodernism presumes that all of these endeavors are the cause of human failure. It therefore operates according to just one moral imperative: discredit anything that other people presume to stand for goodness, because the belief that anything is superior to anything else inevitably results in prejudice, interpersonal strife, and inequality.Thus, the Venus de Milo has no more aesthetic value than a crucifix in a jar full of urine; Beethoven s symphonies are no more profound than the latest round of top 40 hits; all religions are fundamentally the same, and their  moderate  postmodern adherents are all comfortably represented on the  Coexist  bumper sticker. In a sense, it isn t culture at all, but rather an anti-culture that measures success insofar as it deconstructs anything that other people value.Postmodernism Merely Hides Its Hypocritical IdealismProvided that the postmodern man believes in nothing and values nothing, one wouldn t be unreasonable in concluding that he cares about nothing. But anyone who knows postmodern man also knows that nothing could be farther from the truth. Rather, the  cult of non-discrimination  is filled with bright-eyed idealism about making the world a better place, and in the cases where it challenges baseless prejudice, it does make the world a better place. Like other utopian visions that seek to remake human beings into something alien to their nature, however, it is incapable of compromise, and thus lends itself to hypocrisy and fanaticism Continue this article at The FederalistREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22251,Trump Moves Ahead with ‘The Wall’ Between US and Mexico," This week President Donald Trump followed through with his most audacious   building a wall along the US southern border with Mexico.After his visit to the Department of Homeland Security this afternoon, Trump is set to sign government directives today that will set in motion the construction of a new system of border reinforcement which will include a number of new provisions -including the wall.The move is expected to correspond with announcements on stricter immigration procedures in the short term   sending out a power message to illegal immigrants hoping to cross the US southern border from 2017.Bloomberg adds: The Trump administration is also considering a 120-day suspension of refugee admissions and cutting the total number allowed into the U.S. in the current fiscal year from 110,000 to 50,000, actions that could be announced as soon as Thursday, according to a person familiar with the plan. The border directives come immediately on the heals of Trump s recent statements and executive move to renegotiate, or cancel Washington s position in the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the TransPacific Partnership (TPP).Once again, Trump is wasting no time putting his signature campaign issues into play   something many of his critics have doubted he would be doing.READ MORE MEXICO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Mexico FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22252,Cheerleading Assassination: Are Hollywood and Politicians Going Too Far?,"21st Century Wire says Everyone has the right to air their perceived grievances about anything, including President Trump, that is one of the benefits of living in America. But there is a point where expressing grievances or protesting against policies or politicians can shift from legal protest, assembly and expression of free speech to inciting or promoting violence. We ve seen some interesting cases of public figures coming close to and maybe crossing that line during the last week.Some Hollywood celebrities, entertainers and politicians may have taken the concept of free speech a little too far when trying to express their disdain for President Trump. Celebrities Madonna and Ashley Judd lashed out with bizarre tirades during the  Women s March  in the wake of the Trump inaugural festivities.The antics of the celebs at the DC  Women s March  was a hot topic of discussion on Sunday Wire Ep #170 with Patrick Henningsen and Hesher in the final segment of the show.Madonna went as far as to say she d thought about  blowing up the White House  which she now claims was said in metaphor only, but still got her a lot of negative attention from the media, from Trump supporters and even caught the attention of the Secret Service.What Madonna and those cheering her on actually want and what they are planning to do to achieve it is as clear as mud after this protest. If the  Revolution  she speaks of is metaphorical only, then what are the goals of her and the rest of the protesters when she speaks of revolution? Chants of,  We Chose Love!  after statements, hypothetical or metaphorical, about  revolution  and  blowing up the White House  send a very confused message.Madonna claims that her comments about the White House were taken out of context, listen to the full recording and you be the judge.Warning Madonna s speech may not be appropriate for the work place or around young children due to profanity.The singer later claimed, on her Instagram page, that she is a nonviolent person and that she was not promoting violence when she said a  revolution  was starting after  good did not win this election. Yesterday s Rally. was an amazing and beautiful experience. I came and performed Express Yourself and thats exactly what i did. However I want to clarify some very important things. I am not a violent person, I do not promote violence and it s important people hear and understand my speech in it s entirety rather than one phrase taken wildly out of context. My speech began with   I want to start a revolution of love.    I then go on to take this opportunity to encourage women and all marginalized people to not fall into despair but rather to come together and use it as a starting point for unity and to create positive change in the world. I spoke in metaphor and I shared two ways of looking at things   one was to be hopeful, and one was to feel anger and outrage, which I have personally felt. However, I know that acting out of anger doesn t solve anything. And the only way to change things for the better is to do it with love. It was truly an honor to be part of an audience chanting  we choose love .   #revoltutionoflove #revolutionoflove *******************************************************A photo posted by Madonna (@madonna) on Jan 22, 2017 at 10:49am PSTKatie Rich of Saturday Night Live was suspended for what even she herself now concedes was an insensitive tweet about Barron Trump, 10 year old son of Donald Trump. Jumping on the bandwagon of ridiculing all things Trump, Rich tweeted out that,  Barron will be this contry s first homeschool shooter. Rich was suspended indefinitely by SNL after the tweet and her Twitter account was later deactivated after she tweeted an apology. Her name did not appear in the credits for the next broadcast of SNL on Saturday.Could it be that people are actually being held responsible for their over-reach on social media and on their self perceived Hollywood soap boxes? Certainly not in all cases, but the Katie Rich case is a great example of how one can ruin a career with a single mean spirited, politically fueled Tweet aimed at a ten year old.As we turn to a political example, we find a Swedish politician who s stepped down from his position after a Facebook post where he asked if  someone could shoot him  when talking about Donald Trump.Municipal council member, Roland Peterson, went too far on his criticism of Donald Trump and provoked an angry response from his fellow party and council members.More on this phenomenon from RT  RTA municipal council member of a Swedish town called Kalmar has resigned due to a Facebook post he made asking if someone could  shoot  America s new president, Donald Trump. I believed that Donald Trump would calm down after he became the president [of the US]. But how wrong I was! He exceeded my worst fears! Could anyone shoot him?  Swedish Social Democratic Party member Roland Peterson, a municipal official in Kalmar s Soedermoere district, wrote on his Facebook page on Sunday, though he removed it an hour later.Nonetheless, Peterson decided to step down as member of both his party and the Soedermoere Municipal Council and Planning Board after making the post, announcing his resignation on Monday morning. After my blunder on Facebook, there is a risk that I will become a burden for the Social Democrats in Kalmar. I do not want it, so I chose to leave all my posts,  Peterson wrote in a letter to his party members, as cited by the local Oestra Smaland newspaper.Person s post provoked an angry reaction from his party members and fellow councilors. It is good that he [Peterson] removed it [the post],  councilor Johan Persson told Oestra Smalan, adding that people should  never call for violence  regardless of their opinion of Donald Trump or other issues.The Social Democrats  leader in Kalmar, Roger Holmberg, denounced the post as  inappropriate  and  idiotic,  while stressing that  even thinking about the idea of violence is completely wrong.  He told Swedish broadcaster STV that he had had a conversation with Peterson and said that new party members would receive training in working with social media.Holmber said that Peterson  is deeply remorseful,  explaining that he  did not understand the impact of the post in the social media. Peterson told STV that he  would have never written  the post if he had considered the consequences, while promising he  will never do it again.  He also explained to Oestra Smalan that it was Trump s environmental policy that had deeply upset him. He [Trump] risks the future of the entire Earth,  he said, adding that  now, when the world has started going in the right direction,  Trump plans to increase oil and coal production.Trump s ideas about the environmental are a source of controversy in the US. Social media went into meltdown after Trump s inauguration when certain hot topic issues disappeared from the White House website, including climate change.Many mainstream media outlets initially reported on the conspicuous disappearances, but are adopting a more cautious  wait-and-see  approach for the time being.Anti-Trump angst was running high both in the US and abroad after his inauguration. On Saturday, Donald Trump s first full day in the White House, thousands of women marched through US cities to protest Trump and call for the protection of civil liberties and diverse cultures Continue this report at RTRead More Election News at: 21st Century Wire Election CoverageSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22253,POLITICAL AGITATOR: Globalist George Soros Linked to Over 50 ‘Partners’ of the Women’s March on Washington,"21st Century Wire says More than 50 NGO  partners  of the Women s March on Washington were found to be tied to social movement financier George Soros. While the DC gathering was billed as a grassroots movement for women s rights in America, it was anything but as a string of multi-million dollar Democratic Party-affiliated NGO s organized what was clearly an anti-Donald Trump event following the US presidential inauguration this past week.  DIVIDE BY DESIGN    (Photo illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)As we ve stated before here at 21WIRE, this kind of political protest is designed to first cause public disruption, while also fomenting a form of socially-engineered cultural, gender and class warfare.In the case of the Women s March on Washington, a militant style of identity politics was on a full frontal display. Enter stage left   the celebrities This was never more apparent than the hate filled diatribe of Hollywood actress Ashley Judd, whose angry rhetoric was eclipsed only by famed singer Madonna, who during her obscenity laced speech admitted to harboring violent thoughts directed at the White House. Consequently, the Material Girl is now reportedly under Secret Service investigation for her bomb related threat this past Saturday.Watch how both Judd and Madonna are driven by rage during their politically divisive speeches at the Women s March on Washington https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-5ZkrQHyNcDuring an interview with ABC NEWS, Trump advisor Kellyanne Conway  didn t see the point,  of the Women s March. Additionally, Conway underscored that 29-30 million women across America voted for Trump and their voices were heard in the 2016 election https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVEiGcT9wD4QUESTION: Was the heavily organized Women s March on Washington just another example of a radical globalist and cultural Marxist  progressive  agenda at play?Historically speaking, many social movements have worked to erode the legitimacy of a democratically elected government through a series of artificial  color  upheavals (color revolutions), and where possible   weakening a country s national sovereignty through forced dependency on multilateral globalist institutions like the UN or IMF, while presenting shock and awe imagery in order to manipulate the public s political perspective.This is how the US and its CIA conduct their destablization  color revolution  campaigns overseas, and now astute observers will recognize these exact same methods being deployed here inside the US.Overseas, Washington tends to use the same cast of NGO fronts to build-up pro-US political opposition groups, as well as plan and generate civil unrest. They include the Albert Einstein Institute (AEI), National Endowment for Democracy (NED), International Republican Institute (IRI), National Democratic Institute (NDI), Freedom House and later the International Center for Non-Violent Conflict (ICNC), and the US Agency for International Development (USAID), the financial and contractor arm of the Department of State.Inside the US, deep state actors in Washington generally work through Democratic Party affiliated organizations like MoveOn.org, as well as through labor union organizations like AFL-CIO, and UNITE HERE. These, along with many other similar organizations have been involved in organizing this latest protest movement in America.While it still remains to be seen if Trump s stated political vision for America can unite an embattled nation, one thing is clear   many NGO groups operating inside the US will continue their organized opposition to the newly elected president over the course of his time in the White House.  BITTER PILL    Madonna s waning singing career gives way to cultural upheaval and demagoguery. (Image Source: Extra.ie)Other  partners  for the march included the American Atheists and UniteWomen.org, who ran a public relations campaign which featured videos with the hashtags #ImWithHer, #DemsInPhily and #ThanksObama. Once again, all road lead back to billionaire Hillary Clinton financier, George Soros and his Open Society NGO empire.Writer Asra Nomani expands on the Soros web here: By my draft research, which I m opening up for crowd-sourcing on GoogleDocs, Soros has funded, or has close relationships with, at least 56 of the march s  partners,  including  key partners  Planned Parenthood, which opposes Trump s anti-abortion policy, and the National Resource Defense Council, which opposes Trump s environmental policies. The other Soros ties with  Women s March  organizations include the partisan MoveOn.org (which was fiercely pro-Clinton), the National Action Network (which has a former executive director lauded by Obama senior advisor Valerie Jarrett as  a leader of tomorrow  as a march co-chair and another official as  the head of logistics ). Other Soros grantees who are  partners  in the march are the American Civil Liberties Union, Center for Constitutional Rights, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch. March organizers and the organizations identified here haven t yet returned queries for comment. NOTE: See her full story below.The Free Thought Project illustrates the contrived socially engineered nature behind the Women s March on Washington in lengthy passage below:Washington, D.C.   An investigation by a New York Times affiliate has revealed that billionaire globalist financier George Soros, who recently called Donald Trump a  would-be dictator  during an interview at Davos, and whose Open Society Foundation works to finance and forward progressive causes across the world, and is intimately connected to numerous color revolutions, the Arab Spring, and various other political uprisings across the globe, has been revealed to be connected to more than 50 of the groups that organized the nationwide  Women s Marches  that saw millions of Americans take to the streets across the country.The march s official website says,  We stand together, recognizing that defending the most marginalized among us is defending all of us.  Many people turned out to be a manifestation of that ideal, but it s important to understand the reality of what is happening on a strategic political level as an inorganic politically contrived and funded event. This, in no way, takes away from the validity of standing up for women s issues but is important to note that women are being used as pawns in a larger ideological political game that has international overtones of power politics.These marches were largely billed as  spontaneous  and  grassroots  actions, by publications like The Guardian and Vox. However, the reality exposed by an investigation by self-described liberal feminist Asra Q. Nomani, writing for New York Times affiliate Women in the World, revealed that after studying the  funding, politics and talking points of the some 403 groups that are  partners  of the march, contrary to the non-partisan rhetoric used in these marches, they were not really  women s march  but were rather  for women who are anti-Trump. Nomani reveals that the  Women s Marches  were actually organized as political tools to be used to strategically forward a progressive political agenda against President Donald Trump   exposing the protests to largely be an organized, top-down driven political operation   and not an organic movement of concerned Americans taking to the streets as reported by the mainstream media. More from the NY Times affiliate Women in the World below   SOROS MARCH?    The Women s March in Washington DC revealed some deep NGO pockets lurking behind the scenes. (Image Source: thefederalist.com). Asra Q. Nomani NY Times   Women in the WorldIn the pre-dawn darkness of today s presidential inauguration day, I faced a choice, as a lifelong liberal feminist who voted for Donald Trump for president: lace up my pink Nike sneakers to step forward and take the DC Metro into the nation s capital for the inauguration of America s new president, or wait and go tomorrow to the after-party, dubbed the  Women s March on Washington ? The Guardian has touted the  Women s March on Washington  as a  spontaneous  action for women s rights. Another liberal media outlet, Vox, talks about the  huge, spontaneous groundswell  behind the march. On its website, organizers of the march are promoting their work as a grassroots effort with  independent  organizers. Even my local yoga studio, Beloved Yoga, is renting a bus and offering seats for $35. The march s manifesto says magnificently,  The Rise of the Woman = The Rise of the Nation. It s an idea that I, a liberal feminist, would embrace. But I know   and most of America knows   that the organizers of the march haven t put into their manifesto: the march really isn t a  women s march.  It s a march for women who are anti-Trump. As someone who voted for Trump, I don t feel welcome, nor do many other women who reject the liberal identity-politics that is the core underpinnings of the march, so far, making white women feel unwelcome, nixing women who oppose abortion and hijacking the agenda. To understand the march better, I stayed up through the nights this week, studying the funding, politics and talking points of the some 403 groups that are  partners  of the march. Is this a non-partisan  Women s March ?Continue the NY Times article here READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22254,"Kellyanne Conway: ‘Presidents aren’t judged by crowd sizes, but by their accomplishments’","21st Century Wire says Kellyanne Conway thrashed NBC s Chuck Todd around the set on Meet The Press when he tried to paint the Trump administration as releasing  false information  about their inauguration attendance numbers. Conway, like many viewers, immediately caught Todd in the fact that the topic was meaningless and was quick to point out a number of main stream media reports containing  falsehoods  that were pushed by establishment media. Conway hit her stride regarding the topic of inauguration attendance numbers when she told Chuck Todd,  Presidents aren t judged by crowd sizes at their inaugurations, they are judged by their accomplishments. When Todd hit back with a double down on the accusations that the comments by Trump Press Secretary, Sean Spicer, were put out there to push a  provable falsehood  Conway fired back with some choice phrases that have commentators on the edge of their seats. We re going to have to rethink our relationship with the media. you ve got a 14% approval rating, that you ve earned. . Read More 2016 Election News at: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22255,DC Women’s March Aftermath: Streets Littered With Trash,"21st Century Wire says So much for caring about the environment and individual responsibility  Protesters in DC who claim to be there protesting for  women s rights  (even though it seemed quite clearly to be a women against President Trump protest) are taking criticism for leaving the city with tens of thousands of placards and signs laying about on the sidewalks, streets, in front of national monuments, the White House, and Trump International Hotel. No problem, the government will pay for it  RTThey may have attracted the headlines, but the anti-Trump protesters who attended the massive Women s March in Washington DC, are now drawing criticism for abandoning their placards at landmarks and on the capital s streets.Organizers say that more that 2.5 million people took part in demonstrations around the world on Saturday, as protesters voiced opposition to President Donald Trump while also calling for the protection of civil liberties.People are leaving their signs on paths leading to the White House #WomensMarch #washington pic.twitter.com/cR6yAEeZzA  earthboy (@earthboy17) January 22, 2017The largest of the events was held in Washington, DC where over half a million people took to the streets, according to AP. Many, if not most, of the protesters came equipped with placards criticising Trump and highlighting their various causes.Following the march, tens of thousands thousands chose to leave their signs outside various DC landmarks including the White House and the Trump International Hotel.This action received significant support on social media, with some people supporting it as a graphic, lingering illustration of the sentiments behind the mass gathering.Thousands of signs find their final resting spot leaving a message for Trump outside of the White House. #womensmarch #womensmarchdc pic.twitter.com/KMwgjzLjDV  Jaime (@wojo4hitz) January 22, 2017#WomensMarch protestors are also leaving their signs in front of the White House.Lots of them. pic.twitter.com/bcgHxtbVbf  Jack Jenkins (@jackmjenkins) January 21, 2017People are leaving their Women's March signs outside the Trump Hotel https://t.co/elQ9ewsCvI pic.twitter.com/Zx4RpAsAHQ  Washington Post (@washingtonpost) January 21, 2017Many others however, were critical of the move, describing it as selfish littering.  I guess the environment or personal responsibility isn t something they re concerned about,  Conservative blogger The GOP report wrote on Twitter.Seeing this pic all over time lines. How can leaving signs as trash all over be 'beautiful'??   ""Beautiful end to the #WomensMarch"" pic.twitter.com/vrvw7yT7zG  FionaRavenHunter (@LisaFlanery) January 22, 2017I get idea of leaving #WomensMarch signs @ Trump Hotel & White House, but who do we think will have to clean this up? FYI not Trump. pic.twitter.com/ny2AhPw9tm  Joseph Kitchen (@josephlkitchen) January 22, 2017Video of a man wearing a pro-Trump Make America Great Again hat cleaning up rubbish received more than 4,000 retweets and 5,000 likes Man wearing a Make America Great Again hat picking up trash after the women's march in Washington, D.C. #WomensMarch pic.twitter.com/47ZjcagM31  Caleb Ecarma (@calebecarma) January 21, 2017Continue this report at RTRead More Election News at: 21st Century Wire Election CoverageSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22256,SUNDAY SCREENING: Counter Intelligence – ‘The Company’,"21st Century Wire says Our weekly documentary film curated by the editorial team at 21WIRE.The following is Part 1 of a 5 part series which deals with the Deep State Shining a Light on Black Operations: This 5-part documentary is a great expose on the national surveillance state that has arisen over the last 50-100 years. Manipulating elections, overthrowing foreign governments, and secret assassinations are just a few of the heinous acts committed in the name of national security. Now that Edward Snowden has blown the lid off of the NSA s Prism snooping program, this film series is even more important and relevant.This film takes a very informative and provocative look into the illegal and covert operations of the Central Intelligence Agency (C.I.A.). It lays out the historical foundations of the modern surveillance state.  SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22257,Trump’s First Government Agency Visit: CIA," RT . President Donald Trump spoke at CIA Headquarters on his first stop as the newly inaugurated commander in chief telling the intelligence agency that despite media reports he is not at war with the intelligence community. The reason you re my first stop is as you know I have a running war with the media- they are among the most dishonest beings on earth, they say I have a feud with the intelligence community. The reason you re my first stop is exactly the opposite,  Trump said. I am so behind you,  he told CIA officials at Langley, Virginia.Trump continued with examples of the  dishonest media  claiming they skewed attendance figures for his inauguration citing lower numbers and showing images of an empty field.He also called out Time magazine for running a false story stating that he had removed Martin Luther King s bust from the Oval Office when it was in fact just blocked from view by a cameraman.Trump told the CIA that he has a great respect for the agency and believes it is  going to be one of the most important groups in the country in making us safe again. URGENT: We will not impose our way of life, but we will shine for others to follow   Trump https://t.co/cVbgG3xchI pic.twitter.com/a31zfkm3RX  RT (@RT_com) January 20, 2017 There is nobody that feels stronger about the intelligence community and CIA than Donald Trump,  he saidHe had nothing but praise for the agency highlighting their importance going forward. I love you, I respect you, we re going to start winning again and you will be leading the charge,  he told some 400 officers who came in on their time off for the historic visit.READ MORE: Intelligence insiders call Russian dossier  complete fraud    TrumpTrump s favourable comments about the CIA come amidst a tense period with the intelligence community after he refused to accept US intel reports on Russia s alleged interference in the election.Just last week Trump branded outgoing CIA chief Brennan as  the leaker of fake news  after Brennan criticised him for tweeting and told him to understand the Russian threat.Trump questioned whether the CIA director had leaked a recent unsubstantiated dossier to the media that claimed Russia had collected compromising financial or personal information about him Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump Files",0
22258,U.S. Inauguration: Historic Day Marks Beginning of Renewed ‘America First’ Era," Mark Anderson  American Free PressWASHINGTON, D.C. Donald John Trump took to the podium on the Capitol Building s west side with a look described by Connecticut resident Ann Marie Murray as one of  humility just before Trump was sworn in Friday as the 45th president of the United States by Chief Justice John Roberts.The event clearly was seen as inspiring by many. Chicago resident Doug Sparkman, moments after Trump s inaugural address, agreed that he found Trump s remarks to be rather  Jeffersonian,  in the sense of being people-based. In that vein, he yearns for a country run on the basis of principle, not party. And given what he heard in Trump s address, he feels that s possible under the new administration. Action, and putting politics aside, is what we really need for this country,  Sparkman added.With the whole inaugural ceremony some 20 minutes behind schedule, Trump and his family, looking regal and acting highly anticipatory of the challenges that await them, arrived at the Capitol around 11:15 a.m. The new first lady, Melania, was escorted to the west balcony to be seated first, wearing a stunning high-necked blue outfit that brought  oohs  from many in the massive crowd whose view was aided by large screens on both ends of the Capitol.Trump himself, appearing reflective and solemn, emerged alongside Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and was seated at 11:32. As the somewhat chilly day spat a little rain here and there, you could feel the heavy anticipation to hear Trump take the oath of office. And soon after former Indiana Gov. Mike Pence was sworn in as vice president by Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, Trump proceeded to begin taking his oath when a group of six agitators erupted in a flurry of slogans and declarations precisely when Trump began repeating the words  I do solemnly swear . . . This writer, some 10 feet from the protestors in the Section eight seating area reasonably close to the presidential podium, could see the anguish on the faces of many of the nearby inaugural attendees, a number of whom traveled long distances to hear their new president take the oath. But from their vantage point, Trump s exchange with Roberts was largely drowned out. It s a testimony to the manners and restraint of the pro-Trump attendees that they did not  escort  the protestors out by force Continue this story at AFPREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump Files",0
22259,It’s Official: Trump is POTUS 45,"Today Donald J. Trump was sworn in as the 45th President of the United States of America. The new president gave a resounding speech that was a major break from tradition   clearly an anti-establishment and anti-Washington speech, resuming his campaign stance of characterizing Washington DC as a corrupt, elitist cadre of career-minded, self-serving politicians. Oligharchs in attendance looked noticeably uncomfortable with Trump s words.Trump also went into full populist mode, casting aside globalism in favor of the national interest: From this day forward, a new vision will govern our land,  Trump said soon after Chief Justice John Roberts administered the oath of office.  From this day forward, it s going to only be America first, America first. Expect a wild first 100 days  READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22260,Boiler Room #93 – The Outgoing Head of Hydra,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Patrick Henningsen host of the Sunday Wire, Andy Nowicki host of The Nameless Podcast, Jay Dyer Jay s Analysis, Stewart Howe and ACR regulars FunkS0ul, InfidelPharaoh & MilesOfTruth for the 93rd episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Listen to  Boiler Room #93   The Outgoing Head of Hydra  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22261,Ep #10: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Inside Esoteric Hollywood’ with guest Jay Dyer,"Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 10 This week we briefly cover a few big stories including the upcoming US Presidential Inauguration and Obama s pardon and imminent release of Private Bradley-Chelsea Manning which looks to trigger Julian Assange s surrender to US authorities.In our main feature segment, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest Jay Dyer, author of the new book Esoteric Hollywood, to discuss Hollywood and how deep state politics, propaganda, social engineering and occult symbolism is baked into some of the biggest blockbuster films of our time. Listen Listen to  EP 10: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with Jay Dyer  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVES",0
22262,Trump Swings Back at Author of Fake Dossier: ‘Failed Spy’ Might Face Libel Action,"21st Century Wire says In a Tweet, Donald Trump hints at libel action in response to the  Trump dossier  which was allegedly compiled by former MI6 officer, Christopher Steele.Is the Donald going to take the next logical step in battling fake news in the mainstream media, pushed by his political opponents and take one of their intelligence thugs to court? Keep an eye on this developing story. Alexander Mercouris The DuranDonald Trump has lashed out at Christopher Steele, the former British MI6 officer who compiled the Trump Dossier.Steele worked in Russia for MI6 in the 1990s and at one time headed MI6 s Russian desk.  It turns out that he was also the case officer of Andrey Litvinenko, the FSB defector the British authorities accuse the Russians of murdering with polonium.  It seems that Steele has however not actually travelled to Russia for twenty years, making it unclear how he contacted the various Russian insiders who he says provided him with the information he used to compile the Trump Dossier.In any event, Trump in a tweet has now called Steele a  failed spy It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued . . . Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans   FAKE NEWS!The reference to Steele being  a failed spy afraid of being sued  suggests that Trump is considering bringing a libel action against him.  If so then Steele will have to explain the contents of the Trump Dossier before a British court.  Given that despite certain recent changes British libel laws are amongst the most rigorous in the world, that would make for a very interesting court case Continue this report at The DuranRead More Election News at: 21st Century Wire Election CoverageSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22263,Dubious Reports of Advertisements Seeking Trump Protesters: “Get Paid Fighting Against Trump”,"21st Century Wire says Earlier this week the media lit up with reports of a political activist group that was advertising across the nation to pay protesters to come out and demonstrate against the inauguration of Donald Trump.It would come as no surprise to 21WIRE if there were cases of protestors being rallied and potentially compensated by George Soros related foundations. It would easily fall under the heading of  professional activists  and it is very real. Whether its the Revolution Business deployed for the Arab Spring, or Ad Busters marketing for Occupy Wall Street, left-wing activism has become a bona fide global business.UPDATE: But is that what we are witnessing here with this Washington Times article that Zero Hedge analyzed? It appears NOT! What we have here, exposed by Tucker Carlson, seems to be yet another example of the Washington Times being involved in posting what seems to be a report about a political entity that was not well vetted or even worse, possibly planted.Watch Tucker Carlson dismantle the  actor  behind this ruse in the video below.Zero Hedge has reported on the ads that are running in multiple cities on backpage.com  Tyler Durden Zero HedgePresident-elect Donald Trump has complained about paid activists both before and after the 2016 presidential campaign, and as The Washington Times reports, he may have a point.Job ads running in more than 20 cities offer $2,500 per month for agitators to demonstrate at this week s presidential inauguration events.Demand Protest, a San Francisco company that bills itself as the  largest private grassroots support organization in the United States,  posted identical ads Jan. 12 in multiple cities on Backpage.com seeking  operatives. Get paid fighting against Trump!  says the ad. We pay people already politically motivated to fight for the things they believe. You were going to take action anyways, why not do so with us!  the ad continues.  We are currently seeking operatives to help send a strong message at upcoming inauguration protests. The job offers a monthly retainer of $2,500 plus  our standard per-event pay of $50/hr, as long as you participate in at least 6 events a year,  as well as health, vision and dental insurance for full-time operatives.An example of one of the ads Source: Tulsa.backpage.comWhile there have been  fake  ads in the past, as The Washington Times notes, if the Demand Protest ads are ruses, however, someone has gone to a great deal of trouble to sell the scam.The classifieds are running in at least two dozen cities, including Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Dallas and Houston, and the company operates a slick website that includes contact information.A San Francisco phone number listed on the website was answered with a voice-mail message identifying the company by name. A request for comment left Monday evening was not immediately returned.The website, which says that the company has provided 1,817 operatives for 48 campaigns, promises  deniability,  assuring clients that  we can ensure that all actions will appear genuine to media and public observers. We are strategists mobilizing millennials across the globe with seeded audiences and desirable messages,  says the website.  With absolute discretion a top priority, our operatives create convincing scenes that become the building blocks of massive movements. When you need the appearance of outrage, we are able to deliver it at scale while keeping your reputation intact Continue this report at Zero HedgeRead More Election News at: 21st Century Wire Election CoverageSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22264,Rosie O’Donnell Thinks Martial Law is in Order to Prevent a Trump Presidency,"21st Century Wire says Arguably irrelevant Hollywood personality, Rosie O Donnell has taken to social media to support the concept of the US Government imposing Martial Law on the nation to avoid a Trump presidency. The Hollywood personality, who by all accounts of her own should be in Canada by now, seems to have very little understanding of not only politics, but of the law as well. She, in caps-lock Tweet shouting, said that the inauguration should be delayed under martial law until Trump is  cleared of all charges.  Obviously she s referring to the  dossier  that was discredited as a fake within hours of its release by BuzzFeed and subsequent republication by many left leaning mainstream media outlets.  Charges  implies a legal case yet there was no legal case, no victim, no crime, nothing of substance at all because it was a fake document.Have a look at her whacky, ill fated attempts at affecting the political dialog on her social media output.I FULLY SUPPORT IMPOSING MARTIAL LAW   DELAYING THE INAUGURATION   UNTIL TRUMP IS ""CLEARED"" OF ALL CHARGES https://t.co/fUn8FZ8RTj  ROSIE (@Rosie) January 12, 2017As though the high horsed Hollywood liberal echo chamber didn t get enough with the caps-locked illogical rant above, she followed with yet another cry to interrupt a legitimately elected US political official with a military take over and suspension of constitutional rights.delay the day   do not swear him in until it is investigated   for the love of god america   we must stop the inaugruation @frankielucy  ROSIE (@Rosie) January 12, 2017As the final days of the Obama administration tick away we continue to bear witness to many Hollywood celebs throwing tantrums and wearing their ignorance of political realities on their sleeves (and social media feeds.) Rosie is one of the ultimate examples of the hypocrisy that we ve been shown by others of her ilk such as Meryl Streep recently. These Hollywood celebs say they support equality, tolerance,  and freedom out of one side of their mouth then push for totalitarian, military enforced, martial law and disruption of free elections when the elections don t go their way.Read More Election News at: 21st Century Wire Election CoverageSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22265,"Julian Assange – “Everything that he has said, he’s standing by.”","21st Century Wire says Judging by Julian Assange s Twitter page activity, it appears as though he may follow through with his promise to agree to US extradition if Obama grants Manning clemency.Assange s Lawyer, Melinda Taylor, was quoted in a Wikileaks Tweet (below) that  Everything that he has said, he s standing by. Assange lawyer @themtchair on Assange-Manning extradition 'deal': ""Everything that he has said he's standing by.""  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) January 18, 2017Anyone following the WikiLeaks Twitter account will surely remember this proposal of a deal by Assange back on January 12th where he noted that even though there is a clear  unconstitutionality  in the DoJ case against him that he would agree to US extradition if Obama granted Manning clemency.If Obama grants Manning clemency Assange will agree to US extradition despite clear unconstitutionality of DoJ case https://t.co/MZU30SlfGK  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) January 12, 2017READ MORE US NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire US NewsSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22266,Obama Commuted Manning’s Sentence,"21st Century Wire says In yet another interesting end of term move, Obama has commuted Bradley/Chelsea Manning s sentence. He is now scheduled to be released in May of 2017 rather than 2045. Is this a power play against Trump? A potential  call of bluff  to Julian Assange, who s said he would turn himself over to the US courts if Obama frees Manning?Adam Garrie of The Duran brings some interesting analysis to the table in the article below. Adam Garrie The DuranWith less than three days left until he leaves office, Barack Obama has commuted Bradley/Chelsea Manning s sentence. Manning was to be released in 2045 but will now be released in May of this year.This surprise move is not the morally courageous move that it may appear to be. Obama, content to leave office sans dignity is clearly making a challenge to Julian Assange who recently challenged Obama to pardon Manning in return for Assange voluntarily traveling to the US to face what some would call justice, but anyone would a brain would call a show trial.Although I am personally happy that Manning will be released early (why the delay though), my sincere advice to Julian Assange is to do the following:With Donald Trump in power it may be possible to strike some sort of bargain whereby Assange can receive safe passage to Ecuador or any other country willing and able to grant him unconditional asylum. This would have to be guaranteed by President Trump.If Assange fights this battle from within the United States, elements of the deep state or worse yet, rogue agents working on behalf of the deep state or anti-Assange political interests, could take matters into their own hands.In another kick of the political football, Obama has now put yet another problem on Donald Trump s White House doorstep what to do if Assange makes good on his promise?The best thing that could possibly happen is for Assange to negotiate safe-passage out of Britain, brokered by a Trump administration. If anyone thinks the absurd charges in Sweden could impact this, they do not realise who has pulled the strings all along in this matter.If my suggestion is brought on board, Trump can tell his pro-Assange grassroots supporters (think Ron Paul followers and Infowars listeners) that he did the right thing regarding Assange. At the same time, he will be able to tell his deep state and Congressional opponents that he acted pragmatically rather than ethically in order to  move on  from the  Assange problem  instead of dragging out in a kangaroo court. Absurd though it is, some American politicians would sooner praise a pragmatic decision vis- -vis an ethical one.In any case, Manning won t be free until May of this year and a lot can happen Continue this report at The DuranREAD MORE US NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire US NewsSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22267,"Henningsen: ‘Trump Challenging Sacred Cows of US Foreign Policy, But for How Long?’","21st Century Wire says Just days before the US inauguration, in his recent interview with the Times of London President-Elect Donald Trump continues to challenge a number of Washington foreign policy sacred cows, particularly neoconservative positions. He signalled a lifting of US sanctions against Russia in the spirit of cooperation in nuclear arms reductions and also to partner with Moscow in the fight radical Islamist Terror. Trump also laid into NATO calling it obsolete , while potentially driving a wedge between traditionally tight US-EU relations as he chastised Brussels, as well as US ally Germany and its leader Angela Merkel over her country s immigration policy. They have sanctions on Russia   let s see if we can make some good deals with Russia. For one thing, I think nuclear weapons should be way down and reduced very substantially, said Trump.Regarding a change in sanctions policy, Trump added,  Something can happen that a lot of people are going to benefit. His off-handed comments on the EU will certainly upset career Mandarin europhiles in Brussels and Berlin too:  You look at the European Union and it s Germany. Basically a vehicle for Germany. That s why I thought the UK was so smart in getting out. 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen spoke to RT International about the policy signalling in Trump s interview and what it means going forward. How long will his rhetorical rebellion will last and will it translate into policy? Watch:. READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21WIRE Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22268,Extreme Left #DISRUPTJ20 Plot to ‘Acid Bomb’ Inauguration Deploraball,"21st Century Wire says The investigation team at Project Veritas just released the first part in another hidden camera interview series which apparently documents their undercover journalist speaking with Washington DC  Anti-Fascist  extreme leftist group who were conspiring to disrupt the Trump inaugural ball known as the  Deploraball  by using the HVAC systems in the building to conduct a butric acid release. Obviously, the implications of this story should be of concern to everyone, no matter which party of ideology you are siding with  Project VeritasWatch part one of the video series below and let us know what you think Continue this story at Project Veritas READ MORE ELECTIONS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22269,PROBLEM: Trump vs. The US Intelligence Machine,"21st Century Wire says The intelligence agencies of the US and the UK were chartered to serve the government and protect national security by gathering information, analyzing data and making recommendations to government officials. At least that is how it was sold to the public in the beginning.But what do we see now? We see intelligence agencies in both the US and the UK being used to serve as a political sledge hammer in the realms of foreign policy, media subversion, disinformation operations, regime change, assassination, domestic wiretapping, full spectrum surveillance and all things dirty in the political black bag of tricks. The report below raises some major questions that citizens of the US and UK should be asking themselves about their intelligence services.Are the CIA and MI6 protecting national security at all anymore?Why are these intelligence agencies actively involved in the creation and dispersal of false documents and reports?Is their end game to subvert the inauguration a democratically elected government official in the United States?Who is cheering on these intelligence agencies?Will Trump be victorious against the intelligence apparatus?One thing is certain: no functioning democracy can survive for long if its intelligence agencies feel they are more important than our elected officials  Consortium News Exclusive: President-elect Trump is in a nasty slugfest with U.S. intelligence agencies as they portray him as a Russian tool and he blasts their attempt to delegitimize his election, says ex-British intelligence officer Annie Machon.Annie Machon Consortium NewsThe clash between plutocratic President-elect Trump and the CIA is shaping up to be the heavyweight prize fight of the century, and Trump at least is approaching it with all the entertaining bombast of Mohammed Ali at the top of his game. Rather than following the tradition of doing dirty political deals in dark corners, more commonly known as fixing the match, Trump has come out swinging in the full glare of the media.In that corner, we have a deal-making, billionaire  man of the people  who, to European sensibilities at least, reputedly espouses some of the madder domestic obsessions and yet has seemed to offer hope to many aggrieved Americans. But it is his professed position on building a rapprochement with Russia and cooperating with Moscow to sort out the Syrian mess that caught my attention and that of many other independent commentators internationally.In the opposite corner, Trump s opponents have pushed the CIA into the ring to deliver the knock-out blow, but this has yet to land. Despite jab after jab, Trump keeps evading the blows and comes rattling back against all odds. One has to admire the guy s footwork.So who are the opponents ranged behind the CIA, yelling encouragement through the ropes? The obvious culprits include the U.S. military-industrial complex, whose corporate bottom line relies on an era of unending war. As justification for extracting billions   even trillions   of dollars from American taxpayers, there was a need for frightening villains, such as Al Qaeda and even more so, the head choppers of ISIS. However, since the Russian intervention in Syria in 2015, those villains no longer packed as scary a punch, so a more enduring villain, like Emmanuel Goldstein, the principal enemy of the state in George Orwell s 1984, was required. Russia was the obvious new choice, the old favorite from the Cold War playbook.The Western intelligence agencies have a vested interest in eternal enemies to ensure both eternal funding and eternal power, hence the CIA s entry into the fight. As former British MP and long-time peace activist George Galloway so eloquently said in a recent interview, an unholy alliance is now being formed between the  war party  in the U.S., the military-industrial-intelligence complex and those who would have previously publicly spurned such accomplices: American progressives and their traditional host, the Democratic Party.Yet, if the Democratic National Committee had not done its best to rig the primaries in favor of Hillary Clinton, then perhaps we would not be in this position. Bernie Sanders would be the President-elect.Two-Party ShamThese establishment forces have also revealed to the wider world a fact long known but largely dismissed as conspiracy theory by the corporate mainstream media, that the two-party system in both the U.S. and the U.K. is a sham. In fact, we are governed by a globalized elite, working in its own interest while ignoring ours. The Democrats, openly disgruntled by Hillary Clinton s election loss and being seen to jump into bed so quickly with the spooks and the warmongers, have laid this reality bare.In fact, respected U.S. investigative journalist Robert Parry recently wrote that an intelligence contact told him before the election that the intelligence agencies did not like either of the presidential candidates. This may go some way to explaining the FBI s intervention in the run-up to the election against Hillary Clinton, as well as the CIA s attempts to de-legitimize Trump s victory afterwards.Whether that was indeed the case, the CIA has certainly held back no punches since Trump s election. First the evidence-lite assertion that it was the Russians who hacked the DNC emails and leaked them to WikiLeaks: then the fake news about Russia hacking the voting computers; that then morphed into the Russians  hacked the election  itself; then they  hacked  into the U.S. electric grid via a Vermont utility.  All this without a shred of fact-based evidence provided, but Obama s expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats last month solidified this dubious reality in Americans  minds.All this culminated in the  dirty dossier  allegations last week about Trump, which he has rightly knocked down   it was desperately poor stuff.This last item, from a British perspective, is particularly concerning. It appears that a Washington dirt-digging company was hired by a Republican rival to Trump to unearth any potential Russian scandals during the primaries; once Trump had won the nomination this dirt-digging operation was taken over by a Democrat supporter of Hillary Clinton. The anti-Trump investigation was then sub-contracted to an alleged ex-British spy, an ex-MI6 man named Christopher Steele.The Role of MI6Much has already been written about Steele and the company, much of it contradictory as no doubt befits the life of a former spy. But it is a standard career trajectory for insiders to move on to corporate, mercenary spy companies, and this is what Steele appears to have done successfully in 2009. Of course, much is predicated on maintaining good working relations with your former employers.That is the aspect that interests me most   how close a linkage did he indeed retain with his former employers after he left MI6 in 2009 to set up his own private spy company? The answer is important because companies such has his can also be used as cut-outs for  plausible deniability  by official state spies.I m not suggesting that happened in this case, but Steele reportedly remained on good terms with MI6 and was well thought of. For a man who had not been stationed in Russia for over 20 years, it would perhaps have been natural for him to turn to old chums for useful connections.But this question is of extreme importance at a critical juncture for the U.K.; if indeed MI6 was complicit or even aware of this dirt digging, as it seems to have been, then that is a huge diplomatic problem for the government s attempts to develop a strong working relationship with the US, post-Brexit. If MI6 s sticky fingers were on this case, then the organization has done the precise opposite of its official task    to protect national security and the economic well-being of the UK. MI6 and its U.S. intelligence chums need to remember their designated and legislated roles within a democracy   to serve the government and protect national security by gathering intelligence, assessing it impartially and making recommendations on which the government of the day will choose to act or not as the case may be.The spies are not there to fake intelligence to suit the agenda of a particular regime, as happened in the run-up to the illegal Iraq War, nor are they there to endemically spy on their own populations (and the rest of the world, as we know post-Snowden) in a pointless hunt for subversive activity, which often translates into legitimate political activism and acts of individual expression).And most especially the intelligence agencies should not be trying to subvert democratically elected governments. And yet this is what the CIA and a former senior MI6 officer, along with their powerful political allies, appear to be now attempting against Trump.Chances for PeaceIf I were an American, I would be wary of many of Trump s domestic policies. As a European concerned with greater peace rather than increasing war, I can only applaud his constructive approach towards Russia and his offer to cooperate with Moscow to stanch the bloodshed in the Middle East.That, of course, may be the nub of his fight with the CIA and other vested interests who want Russia as the new bogeyman. But I would bet that Trump takes the CIA s slurs personally. After all, given the ugliness of the accusations and the lack of proof, who would not?So, this is a world championship heavy-weight fight over who gets to hold office and wield power, an area where the U.S. and U.K. intelligence agencies have considerable experience in rigging matches and knocking out opponents. Think, for instance, Iranian Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadeq in 1953; Chilean President Salvador Allende in 1973; Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein in 2003; and Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is wobbly but still standing, thanks to some good corner support from Russia Continue this story at Consortium News READ MORE ELECTIONS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22270,Trump Conducts Sting Operation on US Intelligence Services,"21st Century Wire says Trump claims that after suspicions that US Intelligence services were leaking information from classified meetings he was having with them, that he conducted his own sting operation to prove this was happening. I think it s pretty sad when intelligence reports get leaked out to the press. First of all, it s illegal. These are classified and certified meetings and reports,  Trump said during a press conference held at Trump Tower. Only, strategic leaks and clandestine subterfuge are par for the course in the swamp  Geoff Earle Daily MailPresident-elect Donald Trump, after growing suspicious that intelligence officials were leaking news about their classified briefings with him, says he conducted a sting operation to try to prove top spies were behind the leaks.Trump revealed the extraordinary scheme to try to entrap the senior spies in a furious press conference where he suggested the intelligence community had been behind salacious and totally unproven allegations against him. I think it s pretty sad when intelligence reports get leaked out to the press. First of all, it s illegal. These are classified and certified meetings and reports,  Trump said during a press conference at Trump Tower   his first since getting elected.Then he revealed the details of the stealthy sting he says he conducted on the nation s senior spooks. I ll tell you what does happen. I have many meetings with intelligence. And every time I meet, people are reading about it,  Trump complained, possibly referencing reports on his classified briefings, which he has chosen not to receive daily. Somebody s leaking them out,  Trump said, after inveighing against leaks generally. So I said,  Maybe it s my office. Maybe my office.  Because I ve got a lot of people   Maybe it s them? What I did, is I said I won t tell anyone. I m going to have a meeting, and I won t tell anybody about my meeting with intelligence,  Trump continued.He even shielded one of his closest aides from word of the meeting. Nobody knew   not even Rhona, my executive assistant for years. She didn t know   I didn t tell her. Nobody knew,  Trump continued   drawing laughter from collected family members and staff.Having set the trap, Trump says the word leaked anyway. The meeting was held. They left, and immediately the word got out that I had a meeting. So, I don t want that. It s very unfair to the country Continue this report at The Daily MailREAD MORE ELECTIONS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22271,More Fake News: Mainstream Media Lies About Trump ‘Evicting’ White House Press Corp,"21st Century Wire says Many mainstream news outlets have been abuzz about the headline going around saying that Trump may  evict  the press corp from accessing the White House, but when one looks deeper into what is being written in such articles it quickly becomes clear that there is nothing official stated about disallowing any press from the White House.Here s the facts: Incoming White House Press Secretary, Sean Spicer, while discussing potentially moving the press corps room from the James Brady Press Room, to the White House Conference Room   in order to add more seating for press to cover President Trump in the White House said: If the plan goes through, one of the officials said, the media will be removed from the cozy confines of the White House press room, where it has worked for several decades. Members of the press will be relocated to the White House Conference Center near Lafayette Square or to a space in the Old Executive Office Building, next door to the White House.Look to the Blaze for how this is spun into a narrative which serves the dual purpose of agitating Trump s detractors into believing that he is going to suppress the freedom of the press and at the same time serves as a rouse to cause his ardent supporters to appear as though they are rejoicing at the potential of a Trump Presidency that would support suppressing the free press. When comparing the actual quotes with the editorial it is obvious that The Blaze and other mainstream media outlets are playing a wicked game of deceit to further the attempts at demonizing the incoming President.We can now see who the real  Fake News  culprits are.Below is one of the fake news articles circulating online   this one was floated out by Glenn Beck and his dubious media organization The Blaze . The BlazePresident-elect Donald Trump s transition team is reportedly considering plans to evict the White House press corps from accessing the White House.According to a report from Esquire, which cited three sources with the transition team, Trump administration officials are  seriously considering  plans to evict the press corps from being able to access the White House, arguing that it would allow the press increased access to Trump. There has been no decision,  incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer told Esquire, adding that  there has been some discussion about how to do it. More from Esquire:If the plan goes through, one of the officials said, the media will be removed from the cozy confines of the White House press room, where it has worked for several decades. Members of the press will be relocated to the White House Conference Center near Lafayette Square or to a space in the Old Executive Office Building, next door to the White House.Spicer, in his comments to Esquire, suggested that one of the reasons the administration is looking to evict the press from the White House is because they want to offer more members of the press the ability to cover Trump and the White House.Currently, there are only 49 seats in the White House James Brady Press Briefing Room, not enough to honor the hundreds, and sometimes, thousands of requests from journalists to cover Trump, Spicer said.However, a different, unnamed source told Esquire that the administration might have a different motive. According to the source, the administration is considering the move because of how the media covered Trump during the campaign and after his election victory.Trump has repeatedly lambasted the media for their coverage of him, regularly taking to Twitter to blast a news agency or a reporter by name. Most recently, Trump scolded CNN s Jim Acosta during his press conference See the rest of Glenn Beck s Fake News story at The BlazeREAD MORE ELECTIONS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22272,REDUX 1963? The Deep State vs Donald Trump,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireWatching this week s Senate cabinet confirmation hearings was one of the most uncomfortable sights I have ever witnessed in politics. One self aggrandizing US Senator after another, each spouting out half-truths and speaking in innuendo and supposition   as if it were historical fact. The level of ignorance about world events was breathtaking. Key foreign policy cabinet nominees were Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State, General James Mattis for Defense Secretary, and Mike Pompeo for CIA director. All three men were grilled by a pride of chickenhawks and self-styled foreign policy experts like Senator Roger Wick (R), Marco Rubio (R), Bob Menendez (D) and of course, by Washington s twin neoconservative ventriloquists, John McCain (R) and Lindsey Graham (R).Particularly disturbing was the chicken-hawkish bullying by Marco Rubio of Tillerson, where the Florida Senator demanded that a future Secretary of State adopt the bellicose language of the war-monger when describing the Russian President. YOU MUST COMPLY: Nominee Rex Tillerson is trolled by Senator Marco Rubio.Regarding events in Syria that Rubio believes are war crimes, but of which there is zero evidence, Rubio asked,  Is Vladimir Putin a war criminal? Tillerson replied,  I would not use that term. Rubio went on to list things he s seen on the internet and CNN about Putin s  attacks on civilians  and accused the Russian leader of killing political opposition leaders and journalists.Tillerson replied saying,  I would want to have much more information before reaching a conclusion,  and he called Rubio s accusations, very serious charges.  That would be the mature answer. But Rubio wanted Tillerson to comply. I find it discouraging your inability to cite that, which I think is globally accepted,  Rubio replied.It was a disgusting display of arrogance and propaganda laundering by Rubio, like the other trolling Senators   demanding that Russia must be our enemy and we must retaliate to a  election hack which never happened. In this new environment of irrationality and avarice, if you resist, and if you choose diplomacy and base your views on facts, then you are un-American. This seems to be the current culture in Washington and the mainstream media: compliance to group think   and these Senate hearings showed just how far US officials are willing to go to enforce compliance on all major issues   complying on Israel, on Putin, and on the supremacy of the  intelligence community. One of the only voices brave enough to speak up about the sordid scene in the Senate was California Representative Dana Rohrabacher (R), who said during a recent radio interview that  warmongers  like Rubio are sabotaging potential future relations with Russia by calling Putin a  war criminal. All of this follows the other regressive trend   the crypto-fascist talking point that has been advanced in recent weeks by the likes of Wolf Blitzer and other mainstream news anchors, all of whom have insinuated that if Trump or anyone else does not swallow the entire DNI Intelligence Assessment on the  Russian Hack    then they are somehow  disrespecting the institution  of the CIA or any other so-called intelligence body, or even worse, that they are unpatriotic. Why won t the President-Elect accept the findings of the intelligence community?!  crowed CNN s Blitzer and other   practically brow-beating guests who appeared on the network. It s as if the only acceptable answer was total submission. For those who are old enough to remember, this is a repeat of the Iraq War deception in 2003. Low and behold, the same media operatives and political demons have been deployed to police a similar group-think regime in 2016. That should be a clue to anyone pay attention, that we are witnessing another scam.The following commentary may seem a bit far-fetched on the surface, but when you consider everything that has already gone down over the last 4 months in US politics, then the probability of another black swan event doesn t seem so far-flung. It s important to put this into historical context, and do a comparative analysis with John F Kennedy s Bay of Pigs defeat   a seminal event in US geopolitics and a major set-back for the Deep State at the time, and one that was blamed on JFK s inability to facilitate a CIA win in Cuba. A number of prominent historians and researchers have credited that defeat, along with Kennedy s desire to break-up the CIA as a primary motive for JFK s assassination. When you consider this against the present day back-drop of President Obama s 5 year failure of a proxy war to overthrow the Syrian government   a war which Hillary Clinton herself instituted, there are a number a striking parallels between then and now. More striking yet, is Donald Trump s public calls to  reorganise  the intelligence agencies   a move which threatens the very fabric of the contemporary Deep State which runs Washington and the Atlanticist alliance.In so many ways, Trump might be viewed as a moral enemy of the Deep State that has been allowed to reign unhindered by any real oversight, and accountable only to itself.The danger seems palatable, so much so that some establishment journalists are breaking ranks by talking openly about the  Deep State    a topic previously reserved for the fringes of political and geopolitical commentary and certainly not acceptable for debate on a mainstream broadcast TV network. The Intercept s Glenn Greenwald has recently written a piece which outlines this very scenario  where the Deep State has declared war on Donald Trump, and if Trump continues to push back against these institutions, the consequences could be dire. Greenwald focused on the recent fake  Trump-Russia dossier  which he stated was the work of the Intelligence Community. Looking at these last two weeks, it is clear that such a progression of events has been advanced already: The serious dangers posed by a Trump presidency are numerous and manifest. There is a wide array of legitimate and effective tactics for combating those threats: from bipartisan congressional coalitions and constitutional legal challenges to citizen uprisings and sustained and aggressive civil disobedience. All of those strategies have periodically proven themselves effective in times of political crisis or authoritarian overreach. But cheering for the CIA and its shadowy allies to unilaterally subvert the U.S. election and impose its own policy dictates on the elected president is both warped and self-destructive. Empowering the very entities that have produced the most shameful atrocities and systemic deceit over the last six decades is desperation of the worst kind. Demanding that evidence-free, anonymous assertions be instantly venerated as Truth   despite emanating from the very precincts designed to propagandize and lie   is an assault on journalism, democracy, and basic human rationality. And casually branding domestic adversaries who refuse to go along as traitors and disloyal foreign operatives is morally bankrupt and certain to backfire on those doing it. By demonizing Russia, and then tying Donald Trump to that country, the establishment has accomplished its mission in ruining the so-called  peaceful transition of power.  Interestingly, this bizarre phrase was really only introduced by US media operatives this past fall, and for a reason. Now we can see why.Consider what we are seeing to play-out right now   a political free-for-all, where the level of hate and irrational vitriol which has been intentionally built-up over, and is unprecedented in modern history.Based on the events we have seen over the past two months   the Democrat-organized street protests and call to abolish the Electoral College, Democrat intimidation of electors, the pseudo recount  by the Democratic Party and their willing agent Jill Stein, the evidence-free DNI Report on the alleged  Russian Hack,  and the fake  Trump-Russia Blackmail  dossier, as well as radical left-wing plans to  shut down next week s inauguration and block the transfer of power in Washington  you can be absolutely certain that the losing party will not give up and have yet to unveil some more audacious plans  designed to disrupt and possibly unseat the new 45th President of the United States, Donald J Trump.    The campaign to delegitimize this incoming President has been carefully coordinated through multiple actors; the corporate media (led by CNN, MSNBC, the New York Times, Washington Post and The Guardian), the Hillary Clinton campaign, the Democratic Party, Soros-funded NGOs like MoveOn.org, the McCain-Graham faction, and quietly helped along by the White House. Theoretically speaking, and taken into context with the previous paragraph   the level of Anti-Trump public hate is so over-the-top and intense right now that (heaven forbid) should some untimely incident, either accidental or intentional, befall the new President  then the American left and its cadre of stakeholders are certain to celebrate openly and gleefully. Such an incident would invariably be followed by the proverbial,  Oh well, he had it coming. This is a high stakes game  much bigger in fact than any one man, or political party. Everything is at stake: NATO, the military industrial complex, the CIA, and the existence and primacy of a globalist Deep State that has ruled the US and the world since WWII. In short, the World Order, as seen by those who control the transatlantic system of international geopolitics, trade and commerce.This should be viewed as a very sensitive matter. It goes without saying that such an incident and its predictable, engineered left-wing reaction  would inevitably trigger the beginnings of bona fide civil war in the United States.Will Trump be able to hang a wonderful new sign in the window at Pennsylvania Ave which reads,  Change of Management ?  Not if Congress and the Deep State prefers the old management.The following analysis by Zero Hedge, featuring a segment with Tucker Carlson and Glenn Greenwald expands on this possibility, and provides a number evidence points which mark what could be seen as a progression of events   leading to a dystopic conclusion . Zero Point NowJournalist Glenn Greenwald, who is not a fan of President-elect Trump, appeared on Tucker Carlson tonight to discuss the dangerous ongoing effort among powerful anti-Trump factions within the US Government s  Deep State, who have collaborated with members of the Democratic Party and the traditionally liberal media to inflict maximum damage on the incoming President. Recall Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer s ominous  six ways from Sunday  comment from 10 days ago.Greenwald, an accomplished litigator, journalist, and author, does a masterful job illustrating the players, motives, and potential fallout from this dangerous effort within the US Government s intelligence apparatus. Greenwald goes deep, discussing how Trump s election ruined the plan for regime change in Syria, specifically mentioning, among other things, that the deep state was waiting for Obama to leave office before executing their plan: The number one foreign policy priority of the CIA over the last four to five years has been the proxy war they re waging in Syria to remove Bashar Al Assad  and Hillary Clinton was quite critical of Obama for constraining them. She wanted to escalate that war to unleash the CIA, to impose a no-fly zone in Syria to confront Russia, whereas Trump took the exact opposite position. He said we have no business in Syria trying to change the government, we ought to let the Russia and Assad go free and killing ISIS and Al Qaeda and whoever else they want to kill. He [Trump] was a threat to the CIA s primary institutional priority of regime change in Syria. Beyond that, Clinton wanted a much more confrontational and belligerent posture towards Moscow, which the CIA has been acrimonious with for decades, whereas Trump wanted better relations. They viewed Trump as a threat to their institutional pre-eminence to their ability to get their agenda imposed on Washington. What you re seeing is actually quite dangerous. There really is at this point obvious open warfare between this un-elected, but very powerful faction that resides in Washington and sees Presidents come and go   on the one hand, and the person that the American democracy elected to be elected on the other. There s clearly extreme conflict and subversion taking place. This really is a must-watch, and goes hand-in-hand with Tucker s interview with Dr. Stephen Cohen this week:  .This is overt, and Schindler also just more or less outed Washington Post s David Ignatius as a CIA mouthpiece (along the same vein as Deep Throat, perhaps we can refer to Ignatius s source as Golden Shower?).READ MORE RUSSIAN HACK NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russian Hack FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22273,SUNDAY SCREENING: Counter Intelligence – The Deep State,"21st Century Wire says Our weekly documentary film curated by the editorial team at 21WIRE.The following is Part 2 of a 5 part series which deals with the Deep State The Iran-Contra affair provides the public with their first glimpse of the secret National Security State, leading on from the Watergate scandal in the 1970s. This episode examines the history of organised crime networks   Mafia s and gangs   to show the close relationship between them and secret intelligence agencies, as well as the creation of paramilitaries tied to executive arms of the United States government. With these criminal networks trafficking drugs and weapons, the programme goes on to investigate how the  War on Drugs  was instigated to actually serve as further protection of the established criminal networks   the perfect cover for more intervention around all parts of the globe, though especially throughout South America. The subsequent attacks on whistleblowers are also documented. Watch: SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22274,REVEALED: The Establishment’s Scheme to Take Down Trump,"21st Century Wire says Based on the events we have seen over the past two months   the Democrat-organized street protests and calls to abolish the Electoral College, Democrat intimidation of electors, the pseudo recount  by the Democratic Party and their willing agent Jill Stein, the evidence-free DNI Report on the alleged  Russian Hack  and the fake  Trump-Russia Blackmail  dossier, as well as radical left-wing plans to  shut down next week s inauguration and block the transfer of power in Washington  you can be absolutely certain that the losing party will not give up and have yet to unveil some more audacious plans  designed to unseat the new 45th President of the United States, Donald J Trump.    If Trump makes it past the inauguration on Jan 20th, expect a serious purge to take place in Washington DC, as the new administration attempt to remove those who are hell-bent on sabotaging the political process and transfer of power.All you need to know about this dodgy dossier   fabricated and then laundered by anti-Russian war hawk John McCain in a way which seems to be standard practice for Washington s political and media hacks alike: But this is what one would expect of a document based entirely of hearsay in which Source A claims to have gotten a juicy tidbit from Source B, who heard it from Source C deep inside the Kremlin. Constortium News Exclusive: The U.S. intelligence community s unprecedented assault on an incoming U.S. president   now including spreading salacious rumors   raises questions about how long Donald Trump can hold the White House, says Daniel Lazare  Daniel Lazare Consortium NewsIs a military coup in the works? Or are U.S. intelligence agencies laying the political groundwork for forcing Donald Trump from the presidency because they can t abide his rejection of a new cold war with Russia? Not long ago, even asking such questions would have marked one as the sort of paranoid nut who believes that lizard people run the government. But no longer.Thanks to the now-notorious 35-page dossier concerning Donald Trump s alleged sexual improprieties in a Moscow luxury hotel, it s clear that strange maneuverings are underway in Washington and that no one is quite sure how they will end.Director of National Intelligence James Clapper added to the mystery Wednesday evening by releasing a 200-word statement to the effect that he was shocked, shocked, that the dossier had found its way into the press. Such leaks, the statement said,  are extremely corrosive and damaging to our national security. Clapper added: that this document is not a US Intelligence Community product and that I do not believe the leaks came from within the IC. The IC has not made any judgment that the information in this document is reliable, and we did not rely upon it in any way for our conclusions. However, part of our obligation is to ensure that policymakers are provided with the fullest possible picture of any matters that might affect national security. Rather than vouching for the dossier s contents, in other words, all Clapper says he did was inform Trump that it was making the rounds in Washington and that he should know what it said   and that he thus couldn t have been more horrified than when Buzzfeed posted all 35 pages on its website.But it doesn t make sense. As The New York Times noted,  putting the summary in a report that went to multiple people in Congress and the executive branch made it very likely that it would be leaked  (emphasis in the original). So even if the  intelligence community  didn t leak the dossier itself, it distributed it knowing that someone else would.Then there is The Guardian, second to none in its loathing for Trump and Vladimir Putin and hence intent on giving the dossier the best possible spin. It printed a quasi-defense not of the memo itself but of the man who wrote it: Christopher Steele, an ex-MI6 officer who now heads his own private intelligence firm. A sober, cautious and meticulous professional with a formidable record  is how the Guardiandescribed him. Then it quoted an unnamed ex-Foreign Office official on the subject of Steele s credibility: The idea his work is fake or a cowboy operation is false, completely untrue. Chris is an experienced and highly regarded professional. He s not the sort of person who will simply pass on gossip.   If he puts something in a report, he believes there s sufficient credibility in it for it to be worth considering. Chris is a very straight guy. He could not have survived in the job he was in if he had been prone to flights of fancy or doing things in an ill-considered way. In other words, Steele is a straight-shooter, so it s worth paying attention to what he has to say. Or so the Guardian assures us. That is the way the CIA and the FBI, not to mention the British government, regarded him, too,  it adds, so presumably Clapper felt the same way.What is Afoot?So what does it all mean? Simply that U.S. intelligence agencies believed that the dossier came from a reliable source and that, as a consequence, there was a significant possibility that Trump was a  Siberian candidate,  as Times columnist Paul Krugman once described him. They therefore sent out multiple copies of a two-page summary on the assumption that at least one would find its way to the press.Even if Clapper & Co. took no position concerning the dossier s contents, they knew that preparing and distributing such a summary amounted to a tacit endorsement. They also knew, presumably, that it would provide editors with an excuse to go public. If the CIA, FBI, and National Security Agency feel that Steele s findings are worthy of attention, then why shouldn t the average reader have an opportunity to examine them as well?How did Clapper expect Trump to respond when presented with allegations that he was vulnerable to Russian blackmail and potentially under the Kremlin s thumb? Did he expect him to hang his head in shame, break into great racking sobs, and admit that it was all true? If so, did Clapper \then plan to place a comforting hand on Trump s shoulder and suggest, gently but firmly, that it was time to step aside and allow a trusted insider like Mike Pence to take the reins?Based on the sturm und drang of the last few days, the answer is very possibly yes. If so, the gambit failed when Trump, in his usual high-voltage manner, denounced the dossier as  fake news  and sailed into the intelligence agencies for behaving like something out of  Nazi Germany. The intelligence community s hopes, if that s what they were, were dashed.All of which is thoroughly unprecedented by American political standards. After all, this is a country that takes endless pride in the peaceful transfer of power every four years or so. Yet here was the intelligence community attempting to short-circuit the process by engineering Trump s removal before he even took office.But the Guardian then upped the ante even more by suggesting that the CIA continue with the struggle. Plainly, the Republican congressional leadership has  no appetite  for an inquiry into Steele s findings, the paper s New York correspondent, Ed Pilkington, wrote, adding: That leaves the intelligence agencies. The danger for Trump here is that he has so alienated senior officials, not least by likening them to Nazis, that he has hardly earned their loyalty. What was the Guardian suggesting   that disloyal intelligence agents keep on searching regardless? And what if they come up with what they claim is a smoking gun?Explained Pilkington:  To take a flight of fancy, what if it [i.e. Steele s findings] were substantiated? That would again come down to a question of politics. No US president has ever been forced out of office by impeachment (Richard Nixon resigned before the vote; Andrew Johnson and Bill Clinton were acquitted by the Senate). Any such procedure would have to be prepared and approved by a majority of the House of Representatives, and then passed to the Senate for a two-thirds majority vote. As the Republicans hold the reins in both chambers, it would take an almighty severing of ties between Trump and his own party to even get close to such a place. It s a long shot, but the Guardian s recommendation is that rogue agents keep on digging until they strike pay dirt, at which point they should go straight to Congress and persuade   if not pressure   the Republican leadership to initiate the process of throwing Trump out of office.This is not the same as sending an armored column to attack Capitol Hill, but it s close. Essentially, the Guardian was calling on the intelligence agencies to assume ultimate responsibility regarding who can sit in the Oval Office and who cannot Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE ELECTIONS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22275,Chinese Media Warns of ‘War’ with US Following Tillerson’s Remarks South China Sea," 21st Century Wire says During yesterday s cabinet confirmation hearing in Washington DC, hawkish comments made by President-Elect Trump s Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson were very pleasing to pro-war Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham. Not so for Chinese war hawks Tillerson s remarks referred to the 3,000 acres of reclaimed land in the South China Sea in the Spratly Island chain, presumably for use by the Chinese Navy, but also as a shipping resource. China denies the new facilities will restrict freedom of movement for any international shipping.It s important to note that there is a tremendous amount of pressure being put to bear on the incoming Trump Administration by neoconservatives and perpetual war advocates like McCain, Graham, Tom Cotton, Marco Rubio and others. This relentless pressure appeared to affect Tillerson during yesterday s hearings.In response, a Chinese Communist Party publication penned a scathing OpEd in response to Tillerson s comments .Telegraphlocking Chinese access to islands in the South China Sea would require the US to  wage war , an influential Chinese state-run tabloid said on Friday, after US Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson suggested the strategy on Wednesday. The media salvo from China is the latest sign of increased tensions between the countries since President-elect Donald Trump accepted a telephone call from Taiwan s leader, Tsai Ing-wen.Mr Tillerson told his confirmation hearing before the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee that he wanted to send a signal to China that their access to islands in the disputed South China Sea  is not going to be allowed . He did not elaborate.The United States would have to  wage a large-scale war  in the South China Sea to prevent Chinese access to the islands, the Global Times said in an English language editorial.[ ] Tillerson had better bone up on nuclear power strategies if he wants to force a big nuclear power to withdraw from its own territories,  the paper added Continue this story at The TelegraphREAD MORE CHINA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire China FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22276,DODGY DOSSIER: The Trump-Russia Dossier Was Funded by Political Rivals,"21st Century Wire says This week an unverified 35-page document concerning President-elect Donald Trump s alleged ties to Russia had been published by Buzzfeed. The so-called dossier, that levied unfounded accusations against Trump was initially given oxygen by CNN and included an unsubstantiated sexual blackmail scenario contained within the leaked US intelligence summary.It is too early to tell exactly what the implications of the leaked intelligence dossier will be   but there s no doubt that it has compounded an already tense relationship between Trump, the FBI, CIA and Trump s political rivals moving forward   THE DOSSIER    During Trump s first press conference he fired back at Buzzfeed for publishing unconfirmed intelligence claims. (Image Source: Slate)Earlier this week, during the president-elect s first press conference, Trump admonished the website Buzzfeed (part of the NBC Universal media empire) for publishing the intelligence dossier, even calling the site a failing pile of garbage  at the press conference. The over-the-top intelligence report sent a shockwave through social media and mainstream outlets alike, mostly due to the salacious nature of the unproven details it contained.Following the dossier s release, Trump refused to take a question from the CNN reporter Jim Acosta. The day before, CNN had been heavily promoting the fake dossier published by Buzzfeed. Watch as the president-elect calls the mainstream media outlet fake news While much has been made of Buzzfeed s role in publishing unconfirmed anonymous claims (and rightfully so), the public should also wonder why the US intelligence community would leak such information which was financed by Trump s political rivals   a spiked dossier that peddled sordid sexual perversions wrapped-up in an alleged Russian blackmail plot.The Trump-Russia  dossier  also appears to contain outright fabrications in the case of Trump s lawyer, Michael Cohen, who according to the dossier, he allegedly held secret meetings with Kremlin officials in Prague. This doctored intelligence, turned out to be false.Donald Trump took to social media to describe the allegations   even blasting the intelligence community s role in the so-called dossier According to one report by the New York Times, the dossier was produced by the Washington-based PR firm Fusion GPS, a Democratic party friendly firm that has also been employed by Planned Parenthood. During the course of 2016, Trump heavily criticized Planned Parenthood over controversial issues associated with the NGO s abortion practices.In October of 2015, the staunchly left-wing outlet, Mother Jones skirted around the apparent Russian-Trump related memo/dossier, which had already been circulating on Capitol Hill and was hinted at by former Democratic Senate Majority Leader, Harry Reid, just before the 2016 presidential election: On Monday, NBC News reported that the FBI has mounted a preliminary inquiry into the foreign business ties of Paul Manafort, Trump s former campaign chief. But Reid s recent note hinted at more than the Page, or Manafort affairs. And a former senior intelligence officer for a Western country who specialized in Russian counterintelligence tells Mother Jones that in recent months he provided the bureau with memos, based on his recent interactions with Russian sources, contending the Russian government has for years tried to co-opt and assist Trump and that the FBI requested more information from him. The Duran adds the following details outlining Reid s role and that of US Senator John McCain in spreading the contents of the dossier: Mother Jones writer David Corn referred to the documents in a late October column. Harry Reid spokesman Adam Jentleson tweeted Tuesday that the outgoing Senate Democratic leader had seen the documents before writing a public letter to FBI director James Comey about Trump s ties to Russia. And CNN reported Tuesday that Arizona Republican John McCain gave a  full copy  of the memos to FBI Director James Comey on December 9, but that the FBI already had copies of many of the memos. Flash forward to January 10th, where The Washington Post primed the public just prior to the dossier release on Buzzfeed, and after a string of delays concerning an apparent US intelligence briefing that alleged Russia s meddling in the 2016 US presidential election cycle: A classified report delivered to President Obama and President-elect Donald Trump last week included a section summarizing allegations that Russian intelligence services have compromising material and information on Trump s personal life and finances, U.S. officials said.The officials said that U.S. intelligence agencies have not corroborated those allegations but believed that the sources involved in the reporting were credible enough to warrant inclusion of their claims in the highly classified report on Russian interference in the presidential campaign. Trump, however, replied Tuesday night with a tweet declaring:  FAKE NEWS   A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!  Early Wednesday, he accused the intelligence community of taking  one last shot at me. In a shocking turn of events, it was revealed that elements of the Trump-Russia  dossier  seemed to have been passed through media and intelligence connected insiders on Capitol Hill for months.Furthermore, the dossier appears to have been compiled by an  ex-MI6 spy  named Christopher Steele of the security firm Orbis Business Intelligence Ltd who was hired by PR firm Fusion GPS who had previously defended Planned Parenthood over unsafe and ethically questionable abortion practices.On January 11th, the NY Times reported the following developments: Last June, after evidence of Russian hacking of Democratic targets surfaced, Fusion GPS hired a retired British intelligence officer, Christopher Steele, to investigate Mr. Trump s ties to Russia. The US intelligence dossier implicating Trump, also revealed a decidedly politically charged backdrop, while suggesting rather ridiculously, that Russia s political influence on Trump has spanned some  five years  by courting the president-elect with various sweetener business deals  supposedly offered via the Kremlin. The allegedly damning report also contends that Trump was supplied with  a regular flow of intelligence  on the Democratic party and other political rivals. But perhaps the real kicker was the dossier s conclusion that Russian spies had collated a mostly  innocuous  report regarding Hillary Clinton as stated by the UK s Guardian.QUESTION: Was the Trump-Russia dossier a part of a  deep state  smear campaign, or is there more to it?The NY Times included the following details, adding to a growing list of those who would be politically motivated to help produce such a report concerning Trump: After it became clear that Mr. Trump would be the Republican nominee, Democratic clients who supported Hillary Clinton began to pay Fusion GPS for this same opposition research. Glenn Greenwald from the Intercept published the following article that provided analysis of the politically motivated dossier. Here s a passage of Greenwald s scathing review of the intelligence crafted hit-piece on Trump and Russia this week: But [the left] cheering for the CIA and its shadowy allies to unilaterally subvert the U.S. election and impose its own policy dictates on the elected president is both warped and self-destructive. Empowering the very entities that have produced the most shameful atrocities and systemic deceit over the last six decades is desperation of the worst kind. Demanding that evidence-free, anonymous assertions be instantly venerated as Truth   despite emanating from the very precincts designed to propagandize and lie   is an assault on journalism, democracy, and basic human rationality. And casually branding domestic adversaries who refuse to go along as traitors and disloyal foreign operatives is morally bankrupt and certain to backfire on those doing it. In late October, I published the following report regarding the alleged DDoS attack in America and the US establishment s bogus Russian  election hack  claims   all timed perfectly with the rise and eventual nomination of Donald Trump. Tie this thread in with the recent dossier allegations against the president-elect and you can see what could be a potential last-ditch effort in the form of a PR created coups d tat: In this age of America s new and improved trial by media format, you can expect a litany of unfounded accusations, along with the usual anti-Russia hyperbole and waving fingers at Washington s new go-to scapegoat Russian president Vladimir Putin.The likelihood of Russia or any other country being involved in this heavily coordinated DDoS incident falls flat, when you consider that the US media has been floating the  blame Russia  meme for months now, and even more conveniently during this 2016 US presidential election cycle, led by Vice President Joe Biden, and of course, the Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton  all blaming the Kremlin for both the DNC Leaks and the Wikileaks email dump.Indeed, as you look back at NY Times articles since the summer, the stage was being set to implant the idea of an alleged Russian cyber war being waged at the US, principally charging that they would  meddle  with the US presidential elections in 2016 by aiding Donald Trump. Here s the NY Times building the case for Washington, seemingly without the burden of proof: An unusual question is capturing the attention of cyber specialists, Russia experts and Democratic Party leaders in Philadelphia: Is Vladimir V. Putin trying to meddle in the American presidential election?Until Friday, that charge, with its eerie suggestion of a Kremlin conspiracy to aid Donald J. Trump, has been only whispered. In August, the western media s claims against Russia hit overdrive, when the  New York Times s Moscow bureau was the target of an attempted cyberattack this month. But so far, there is no evidence that the hackers, believed to be Russian, were successful. Flash forward to September here and here, as well as early October in the lead up to President Obama s decree, the Clinton-friendly outlet the NY Times had all but solidified the Russian cyber/hack claims   once again, without any definitive proof. Here s a response from Russian leadership featured on RT news discussing revelations surrounding the Trump-Russia dossier:The Kremlin said on Friday that what Buzzfeed had published  didn t merit to be called a report. We have finished the discussion of this fabrication,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov explained.  This is far from being the first such falsehood published, and it is, moreover, really quite base. One simply shouldn t pay any attention to it, as it is now appealing to the emotional frenzy that is dominating in America at the moment. Politicians from both parties have accused Trump of being in cahoots with Russia, which the Obama administration has accused of waging a massive campaign to undermine the election and swing it in favor of Trump by hacking the Democratic Party s computers and leaking the stolen emails to the whistleblower site WikiLeaks.Russia has repeatedly denied the accusations, calling them  nonsense,  while the White House has refused to provide any concrete evidence to support its allegations, claiming it was necessary to keep it secret in order to protect the sources and methods of the intelligence communities.UPDATE*  News Talk Florida disclosed the following alternative theory behind the most salacious details of the Trump-Russia dossier as told to well-known radio host Michael Savage: Thursday on WWBA 820 AM the Michael Savage s radio show there was a caller who was claiming to represent the Internet forum 4chan.  the called who called himself  John,  insisted his site was the origin of the fictional 35 page dossier painting a very salacious story about President-elect Donald Trump and reported in detail by BuzzFeed on Tuesday. A caller named John, told veteran radio host Savage that We [4chan] expected some garbage outfit like BuzzFeed to pick it up, or maybe the New York Times. We didn t expect government entities to take interest in our fan-fiction. According to Savage, 4chan s claim is that the phony story was sent to veteran Republican strategist Rick Wilson, a supporter of the presidential campaign of former CIA officer Evan McMullin, who then put it in the hands of the CIA. It s hard to verify all of 4chan s claims but this latest development does add another intriguing layer to the Trump-Russia intelligence dossier.Here s a YouTube clip featuring Michael Savage with  John  on Savage Nation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4CsyXNHbBYQUESTION: Are the neoliberals and neocons in Washington working to unseat Trump through a made up honey pot plot or is this just one aspect of a larger scheme against the president-elect?Ron Paul Institute examines John McCain s role in the dodgy Trump-Russia dossier below . Daniel Mcadams Ron Paul Institute We all know what money laundering is. When you need to hide the fact that the money in your possession comes by way of nefarious sources, you transfer it through legitimate sources and it appears clean on the other end. It s standard practice among thieves, extortionists, drug dealers, and the like.The same practice can even be used to  clean  intelligence that comes by dubious sources, and sometimes even US Senators may involve themselves in such dark activities. Case in point US Senator John McCain (R-AZ), whose virulent opposition to Donald Trump is outmatched only by his total dedication to fomenting a new cold (or hot?) war with Russia.While the world was caught up in the more salacious passages from a purported opposition research report on Donald Trump showing all manner of collusion with Putin s Russia   and Russia s possession of blackmail-able kompromat on Trump   something very interesting was revealed about the custody of the information. The  dossier  on Trump seemed to follow two chains of custody. One involved the media, which in October were given and encouraged to publish the  report  by the authors of the report (or their sponsors), purportedly a former British intelligence officer working for a private intelligence company. Only David Corn of Mother Jones bit, and his resulting story picked over the report to construct a mess of innuendo on Trump s relation to Russia that was short on any evidence.The other chain of custody is what interests us. Remember, we have a dubious report constructed for the purpose of discrediting Donald Trump, which was first commissioned by one of his Republican primary rivals and later completed under the patronage of someone in Hillary s camp. It was created for a specific political purpose, which may have tainted its reception among more objective governmental sources had that been known. Enter John McCain. According to media reports, the dossier was handed to Sen. McCain   again, a strong Trump opponent and proponent of conflict with Russia   by a former UK ambassador (who presumably received it from the source, a former British intelligence officer).Senator McCain then felt duty-bound to bring this  intelligence report  directly (and privately) to the personal attention of FBI Director James Comey. From this hand-off to Comey, the report then became part of the Intelligence Community s assessment of Russian interference in the US presidential election.Senator McCain is the Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, one of the most powerful members of the US Senate. Consider the impact of being handed a strange report by some private intelligence-firm-for-hire or a media outlet versus being handed a report by one of the most powerful men in the US government. McCain s involving himself in the case gave the report a sense of legitimacy that it would not otherwise have had. Was this  laundering  intentional on his part? We do not know, but given his position on Trump and Russia that possibility must be considered.More from the the Ron Paul Institute here .READ MORE MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22277,Boiler Room #92 – The (Hollywood) Hills Have Eyes,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki host of The Nameless Podcast and Stewart Howe for the 92nd episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the plants, put the kids to bed and get your favorite snuggy out so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Listen to  Boiler Room   EP #92   The (Hollywood) Hills Have Eyes  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22278,EP #9: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Our Western Lands’ with guest Doyel Shamley,"Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 9 This week saw a media storm, as the President-Elect Trump took on the real  fake news  empire led by CNN and NBC s online tabloid BuzzFeed. Also, Yemenis must be celebrating now that globalist UN Secretary General Ban ki-Moon announced he s finally heading for retirement.Host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest Doyel Shamley, newly elected Apache County Supervisor and head of Veritas Research Consulting to discuss the serious challenges facing Arizona and the 11 western states, including Native American tribal government, as well as environmental and water issues, problems with federal land management, and the systematic threat to rural living posed by bureaucratic and federal corruption. Listen Listen to  EP 9: Patrick Henningsen Live   With Guest Doyel Shamley  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVES",0
22279,"Patrick and Hesher: ‘DNI, CIA have lost the plot, and RT is beating CNN’","21st Century Wire says RUSSIA HACK? Still no evidence here, nor is there any  intelligence  here either. This latest crisis of confidence in Washington DC is not going away just because DNI head James Clapper says the  Russians did it,  or because Wolf Blitzer is bullying his guests into agreeing with the assessment of the CIA, FBI, DIA and the rest of the alphabet soup politicized operatives living off the fat of land. SUNDAY WIRE host Patrick Henningsen is joined by Hesher from ACR s Boiler Room to break down this story, and also reveal why RT is beating CNN in battle for ratings (as well as hearts and minds) worldwide.Listen to this clip from our recent Sunday Wire show [soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/301765095  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /]. SEE MORE SUNDAY WIRE SHOWS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22280,Grizzly Miss-Steppe: How Washington Post Rewrote its Fake News Story on ‘Russian Hack’ of Vermont Power Grid," MEDIA MELTDOWN: Many now believe that Amazon billionaire Jeff Bezos has transformed the Washington Post from a  paper of record  into the world s most expensive fake news blog.Kalev Leetaru  ForbesThe Washington Post sparked a wave of fear when it ran the breathless headline  Russian hackers penetrated U.S. electricity grid through a utility in Vermont, U.S. officials say. The lead sentence offered  A code associated with the Russian hacking operation dubbed Grizzly Steppe by the Obama administration has been detected within the system of a Vermont utility, according to U.S. officials  and continued  While the Russians did not actively use the code to disrupt operations of the utility, according to officials who spoke on condition of anonymity in order to discuss a security matter, the penetration of the nation s electrical grid is significant because it represents a potentially serious vulnerability. Yet, it turns out this narrative was false and as the chronology below will show, illustrates how effectively false and misleading news can ricochet through the global news echo chamber through the pages of top tier newspapers that fail to properly verify their facts.The original article was posted online on the Washington Post s website at 7:55PM EST. Using the Internet Archive s Wayback Machine, we can see that sometime between 9:24PM and 10:06PM the Post updated the article to indicate that multiple computer systems at the utility had been breached ( computers  plural), but that further data was still being collected:  Officials said that it is unclear when the code entered the Vermont utility s computers, and that an investigation will attempt to determine the timing and nature of the intrusion.  Several paragraphs of additional material were added between 8PM and 10PM, claiming and contextualizing the breach as part of a broader campaign of Russian hacking against the US, including the DNC and Podesta email breaches.Despite the article ballooning from 8 to 18 paragraphs, the publication date of the article remained unchanged and no editorial note was appended, meaning that a reader being forwarded a link to the article would have no way of knowing the article they were seeing was in any way changed from the original version published 2 hours prior.Yet, as the Post s story ricocheted through the politically charged environment, other media outlets and technology experts began questioning the Post s claims and the utility company itself finally issued a formal statement at 9:37PM EST, just an hour and a half after the Post s publication, pushing back on the Post s claims:  We detected the malware in a single Burlington Electric Department laptop not connected to our organization s grid systems. We took immediate action to isolate the laptop and alerted federal officials of this finding. From Russian hackers burrowed deep within the US electrical grid, ready to plunge the nation into darkness at the flip of a switch, an hour and a half later the story suddenly became that a single non-grid laptop had a piece of malware on it and that the laptop was not connected to the utility grid in any way.However, it was not until almost a full hour after the utility s official press release (at around 10:30PM EST) that the Post finally updated its article, changing the headline to the more muted  Russian operation hacked a Vermont utility, showing risk to U.S. electrical grid security, officials say  and changed the body of the article to note  Burlington Electric said in a statement that the company detected a malware code used in the Grizzly Steppe operation in a laptop that was not connected to the organization s grid systems. The firm said it took immediate action to isolate the laptop and alert federal authorities.  Yet, other parts of the article, including a later sentence claiming that multiple computers at the utility had been breached, remained intact.The following morning, nearly 11 hours after changing the headline and rewriting the article to indicate that the grid itself was never breached and the  hack  was only an isolated laptop with malware, the Post still had not appended any kind of editorial note to indicate that it had significantly changed the focus of the article.This is significant, as one driving force of fake news is that as much of 60% of the links shared on social media are shared based on the title alone, with the sharer not actually reading the article itself. Thus, the title assigned to an article becomes the story itself and the Post s incorrect title meant that the story that spread virally through the national echo chamber was that the Russians had hacked into the US power grid.Only after numerous outlets called out the Post s changes did the newspaper finally append an editorial note at the very bottom of the article more than half a day later saying  An earlier version of this story incorrectly said that Russian hackers had penetrated the U.S. electric grid. Authorities say there is no indication of that so far. The computer at Burlington Electric that was hacked was not attached to the grid. Yet, even this correction is not a true reflection of public facts as known. The utility indicated only that a laptop was found to contain malware that has previously been associated with Russian hackers. As many pointed out, the malware in question is actually available for purchase online, meaning anyone could have used it and its mere presence is not a guarantee of Russian government involvement. Moreover, a malware infection can come from many sources, including visiting malicious websites and thus the mere presence of malware on a laptop computer does not necessarily indicate that Russian government hackers launched a coordinated hacking campaign to penetrate that machine   the infection could have come from something as simple as an employee visiting an infected website on a work computer.Moreover, just as with the Santa Claus and the dying child story, the Post story went viral and was widely reshared, leading to embarrassing situations like CNBC tweeting out the story and then having to go back and retract the story.Particularly fascinating that the original Post story mentioned that there were only two major power utilities in Vermont and that Burlington Electric was one of them, meaning it would have been easy to call both companies for comment. However, while the article mentions contacting DHS for comment, there is no mention of any kind that the Post reached out to either of the two utilities for comment. Given that Burlington issued its formal statement denying the Post s claims just an hour and a half later, this would suggest that had the Post reached out to the company it likely could have corrected its story prior to publication Continue this story at ForbesREAD MORE MSM FAKE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Watch FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22281,Robert Parry: US Intel Report on ‘Russian Hack’ Still Lacks Proof,"Consortium News Exclusive: Despite mainstream media acceptance, the U.S. intelligence community s assessment on alleged Russian  hacking  still lacks hard public evidence, a case of  trust-us  by politicized spy agencies, writes Robert Parry.By Robert ParryRepeating an accusation over and over again is not evidence that the accused is guilty, no matter how much  confidence  the accuser asserts about the conclusion. Nor is it evidence just to suggest that someone has a motive for doing something. Many conspiracy theories are built on the notion of  cui bono    who benefits   without following up the supposed motive with facts.But that is essentially what the U.S. intelligence community has done regarding the dangerous accusation that Russian President Vladimir Putin orchestrated a covert information campaign to influence the outcome of the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election in favor of Republican Donald Trump.Just a day after Director of National Intelligence James Clapper [image, left] vowed to go to the greatest possible lengths to supply the public with the evidence behind the accusations, his office released a 25-page report that contained no direct evidence that Russia delivered hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton s campaign chairman John Podesta to WikiLeaks.The DNI report amounted to a compendium of reasons to suspect that Russia was the source of the information   built largely on the argument that Russia had a motive for doing so because of its disdain for Democratic nominee Clinton and the potential for friendlier relations with Republican nominee Trump.But the case, as presented, is one-sided and lacks any actual proof. Further, the continued use of the word  assesses    as in the U.S. intelligence community  assesses  that Russia is guilty   suggests that the underlying classified information also may be less than conclusive because, in intelligence-world-speak,  assesses  often means  guesses. The DNI report admits as much, saying,  Judgments are not intended to imply that we have proof that shows something to be a fact. Assessments are based on collected information, which is often incomplete or fragmentary, as well as logic, argumentation, and precedents. But the report s assessment is more than just a reasonable judgment based on a body of incomplete information. It is tendentious in that it only lays out the case for believing in Russia s guilt, not reasons for doubting that guilt.A Risky BetFor instance, while it is true that many Russian officials, including President Putin, considered Clinton to be a threat to worsen the already frayed relationship between the two nuclear superpowers, the report ignores the downside for Russia trying to interfere with the U.S. election campaign and then failing to stop Clinton, which looked like the most likely outcome until Election Night.If Russia had accessed the DNC and Podesta emails and slipped them to WikiLeaks for publication, Putin would have to think that the National Security Agency, with its exceptional ability to track electronic communications around the world, might well have detected the maneuver and would have informed Clinton.So, on top of Clinton s well-known hawkishness, Putin would have risked handing the expected incoming president a personal reason to take revenge on him and his country. Historically, Russia has been very circumspect in such situations, usually holding its intelligence collections for internal purposes only, not sharing them with the public.While it is conceivable that Putin decided to take this extraordinary risk in this case   despite the widely held view that Clinton was a shoo-in to defeat Trump   an objective report would have examined this counter argument for him not doing so.But the DNI report was not driven by a desire to be evenhanded; it is, in effect, a prosecutor s brief, albeit one that lacks any real evidence that the accused is guilty. Further undercutting the credibility of the DNI report is that it includes a seven-page appendix, dating from 2012, that is an argumentative attack on RT, the Russian government-backed television network, which is accused of portraying  the US electoral process as undemocratic. The proof for that accusation includes RT s articles on  voting machine vulnerabilities  although virtually every major U.S. news organizations has run similar stories, including some during the last campaign on the feasibility of Russia hacking into the actual voting process, something that even U.S. intelligence says didn t happen.The reports adds that further undermining Americans  faith in the U.S. democratic process, RT broadcast, hosted and advertised third-party candidate debates.  Apparently, the DNI s point is that showing Americans that there are choices beyond the two big parties is somehow seditious. The RT hosts asserted that the US two-party system does not represent the views of at least one-third of the population and is a  sham,  the report said. Yet, polls have shown that large numbers of Americans would prefer more choices than the usual two candidates and, indeed, most Western democracies have multiple parties, So, the implicit RT criticism of the U.S. political process is certainly not out of the ordinary.The report also takes RT to task for covering the Occupy Wall Street movement and for reporting on the environmental dangers from  fracking,  topics cited as further proof that the Russian government was using RT to weaken U.S. public support for Washington s policies (although, again, these are topics of genuine public interest).Behind the CurtainThough it s impossible for an average U.S. citizen to know precisely what the U.S. intelligence community may have in its secret files, some former NSA officials who are familiar with the agency s eavesdropping capabilities say Washington s lack of certainty suggests that the NSA does not possess such evidence.Binney, in an article co-written with former CIA analyst Ray McGovern, said,  With respect to the alleged interference by Russia and WikiLeaks in the U.S. election, it is a major mystery why U.S. intelligence feels it must rely on  circumstantial evidence,  when it has NSA s vacuum cleaner sucking up hard evidence galore. What we know of NSA s capabilities shows that the email disclosures were from leaking, not hacking. For instance, that s the view of William Binney, who retired as NSA s technical director of world military and geopolitical analysis and who created many of the collection systems still used by NSA.There is also the fact that both WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange and one of his associates, former British Ambassador Craig Murray, have denied that the purloined emails came from the Russian government. Going further, Murray has suggested that there were two separate sources, the DNC material coming from a disgruntled Democrat and the Podesta emails coming from possibly a U.S. intelligence source, since the Podesta Group represents Saudi Arabia and other foreign governments Continue this article at Consortium NewsREAD MORE  RUSSIAN HACK  NEWS AT: 21WIRE Russia Files",0
22282,LAST MINUTE GOV’T GRAB: Obama Admin Decrees DHS will ‘Take Control’ of US Election Systems," 21st Century Wire says Now we can see part of the Obama Administration s end game in cooking-up the  Russian Election Hack  Hoax. After much hysteria, followed by hype over the Director of National Intelligence James Clapper s report release this weekend   claiming that Russia and Vladimir Putin altered the results of the 2016 US Elections in favor of winner Donald Trump, what we can see so far, the report contains no evidence at all. The much anticipated report has a number of basic errors, wild assumptions and misinformation. Some critics have labeled Clapper s report beyond a joke.Back on Sept 1, 2016, 21WIRE warned readers that Obama appointee, Jeh Johnson (image, left), head of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), was attempting to wrestle control of US election systems away from the 50 States, who have been the guardians of these systems since the founding of the United States, placing the election system instead under the control the federal DHS. On Friday, he actually did it   announcing the he believes this is the right thing to do   and justifies this federal power-grab by carefully inferring that the 2016 elections were  hacked  in a cyber security breach.Despite the fact nearly every state and local body opposed the federal move, the White House and its pretorian DHS tool quietly snuck it through anyway. As Johnson is a lawyer (like most Obama appointees) he was very careful to mince his words, stating that,  cyber attacks on this country are becoming more sophisticated, and bad cyber actors   ranging from nation state.  Lawyerspeak aside, Jeh Johnson is clearly referring to Russia.This incredible decree was issued by DHS head   conveniently under the cover of the DNI s empty Russian Hack  report, and also under the cover of the highly questionable  Active Shooter  drama at Fort Lauderdale Airport on Friday afternoon.For any intelligent person watching, it s hardly a coincidence that President Obama issued such an incredible federal power-grab on a day such as this.Here is Friday s rather pompous statement from Jeh Johnson the US Department of Homeland Security Statement by Secretary Jeh Johnson on the Designation of Election Infrastructure as a Critical Infrastructure SubsectorRelease Date: January 6, 2017 For Immediate Release Office of the Press Secretary Contact: 202-282-8010I have determined that election infrastructure in this country should be designated as a subsector of the existing Government Facilities critical infrastructure sector. Given the vital role elections play in this country, it is clear that certain systems and assets of election infrastructure meet the definition of critical infrastructure, in fact and in law.I have reached this determination so that election infrastructure will, on a more formal and enduring basis, be a priority for cybersecurity assistance and protections that the Department of Homeland Security provides to a range of private and public sector entities. By  election infrastructure,  we mean storage facilities, polling places, and centralized vote tabulations locations used to support the election process, and information and communications technology to include voter registration databases, voting machines, and other systems to manage the election process and report and display results on behalf of state and local governments.Prior to reaching this determination, my staff and I consulted many state and local election officials; I am aware that many of them are opposed to this designation. It is important to stress what this designation does and does not mean. This designation does not mean a federal takeover, regulation, oversight or intrusion concerning elections in this country. This designation does nothing to change the role state and local governments have in administering and running elections.The designation of election infrastructure as critical infrastructure subsector does mean that election infrastructure becomes a priority within the National Infrastructure Protection Plan. It also enables this Department to prioritize our cybersecurity assistance to state and local election officials, but only for those who request it. Further, the designation makes clear both domestically and internationally that election infrastructure enjoys all the benefits and protections of critical infrastructure that the U.S. government has to offer. Finally, a designation makes it easier for the federal government to have full and frank discussions with key stakeholders regarding sensitive vulnerability information.Particularly in these times, this designation is simply the right and obvious thing to do.At present, there are sixteen critical infrastructure sectors, including twenty subsectors that are eligible to receive prioritized cybersecurity assistance from the Department of Homeland Security. The existing critical infrastructure sectors are:Entities within these sectors all benefit from this designation and work with us closely on cybersecurity. For example, we have developed joint cybersecurity exercises with numerous companies within the communications, information technology, financial services and energy sectors to improve our incident response capabilities. We have also streamlined access to unclassified and classified information to critical infrastructure owners and operators in partnership with information sharing and analysis organizations. Moreover, many critical infrastructure sectors include assets and systems owned and operated by state and local governments, such as dams, healthcare and public health, and water and wastewater systems.Now more than ever, it is important that we offer our assistance to state and local election officials in the cybersecurity of their systems. Election infrastructure is vital to our national interests, and cyber attacks on this country are becoming more sophisticated, and bad cyber actors   ranging from nation states, cyber criminals and hacktivists   are becoming more sophisticated and dangerous.Further, our increasingly digital and connected world has reshaped our lives. It has streamlined everyday tasks and changed the way we communicate. But, just as the continually evolving digital age has improved our quality of life, it has also introduced an array of cyber threats and implications.Cybersecurity continues to be a top priority for DHS, as it is for state and local election officials across the country. This designation enables the states, should they request it, to leverage the full scope of cybersecurity services we can make available to them.21WIRE editors note: More context on this story below  LAST-MINUTE POWER GRAB: Jeh Johnson Obama and Biden celebrate another federal power-grab by the DHS. Shepard Ambellas IntellihubSecretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson designated the U.S.  election infrastructure  as a  critical infrastructure subsector  in what can only be considered a bold move Friday.Johnson s designation through the Department of Homeland Security will include  storage facilities, polling places, and centralized vote tabulations locations used to support the election process, and information and communications technology to include voter registration databases, voting machines, and other systems to manage the election process and report and display results on behalf of state and local governments,  according to Johnson s official statement.Johnson wrote,  [ ] election infrastructure in this country should be designated as a subsector of the existing Government Facilities critical infrastructure sector. Given the vital role elections play in this country. Although many state and local election officials have clearly been in opposition to such a designation, fearing a federal takeover, Johnson decided to move forth anyway Continue this story at IntellihubREAD MORE DHS NEWS AT: 21WIRE DHS FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22283,James Clapper Himself Debunks “Russia Hacked US Election” Meme,"21st Century Wire says We ve seen it over and over again in the mainstream media,  Russia Hacked the US Election.  It has been a pervasive meme in the media ever since Donald J. Trump won the US Presidential election and it inspires consumers of mainstream media to believe that Russia actually used cyber intelligence agents to hack into the computers that are used to track the voting. Surveys show that many Americans believe that there was a literal computer hack of the election to change the results.Americans who believe this are duped by a false meme that has been bludgeoned into their psyches by their mainstream media outlets. James Clapper, head of all US intelligence, admitted while speaking at the Congressional Armed Services Committee that Russia had no hand in changing the vote tallies and did  nothing of that sort. Washingtons Blog reports Due to incredibly sloppy reporting by the mainstream media   constantly repeating the phrase  Russia hacked the election    many Americans believed that Russia literally changed votes on election day.A YouGov poll from last month found that half of all Democrats believe that Russia directly tampered with vote tallies:But today, the head of all U.S. intelligence   James Clapper   told Congress (specifically the Armed Services Committee): They did not change any vote tallies or anything of that sort. So will the media apologize Continue this report at the WashingtonBlogREAD MORE RUSSIAN HACK NEWS AT: 21WIRE Russian Hack Files ",0
22284,Skeptics Unconvinced After Release of Feds’ Latest Report On ‘Russian Hack of DNC’,"21st Century Wire says In the wake of the Friday release of the ODNI s 25 page report from  US intelligence agencies  (notice how they don t even specify the agency names anymore in these reports) on the alleged Russian hack of Clinton campaign related DNC computers, cyber security experts are still not convinced that there is any credible evidence supporting the theory.The Feds site the need to keep their sources secret as the reason for the lack of specific evidence of the  hacks  (see full 25 page report embedded at WIRED) in the report but is this a legitimate concern when the forensic evidence is likely located in simple text files and virus protection software logs. Doesn t the government have the biggest data collection network monitoring facility in the world? Can the evidence not be shown via server traffic logs that wouldn t expose any  sources ?Wired brings some analysis on the 25 page report and cyber security professionals response to it  Take notice of the language when WIRED is discussing the other side of this argument, referencing  unknown sources  speaking to The Washington Post, (WashPost, who ve just been caught more than once pushing fake Russiaphobia stories in recent weeks).  Andy Greenberg WIREDOn Friday, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence finally released a declassified report on Russia s role in influencing the US election. And though it offers the most detailed official analysis yet of Russia s operations, critics in the cybersecurity community say it lacks the still-secret evidence needed to persuade skeptics that analysis is true.The ODNI s 25-page report (embedded below) from US intelligence agencies lays out a vast Russian intelligence operation that extends from hacking both Democratic and Republican targets to propaganda campaigns to troll-fueled social media disinformation. It re-asserts the intelligence community s findings that the Kremlin is behind breaches of the Democratic National Committee, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, Hillary Clinton s campaign, and even state election board websites. And the express intention of those operations, the report states, was to not only disrupt the American electoral process, but to elect Donald Trump. Russia s goals were to undermine public faith in the US democratic process, denigrate Secretary Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency,  the report reads.  We further assess Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump. We have high confidence in these judgments. Even so, the report leaves out the much hoped-for technical evidence that informed these conclusions. In its  Scope and Sourcing  section, the report explains that this evidence exists, but can t be declassified. And that means the report won t satisfy the majority of the cybersecurity community that believes Russia hacked Democratic targets but has demanded more evidence, let alone the diehard deniers of the Kremlin s fingerprints.  Seeing more of the context in which this happened does make me a little more trusting that this really was Russia,  says Robert Graham, an analyst for the cybersecurity firm Erratasec who has closely followed the Russian hacking investigation.  But knowing what data they probably have, they could have given us more details. And that really pisses me off. Knowing what data they probably have, they could have given us more details. And that really pisses me off. Robert GrahamOver the past weeks, rumors circulated that senior intelligence officials had pushed for far more of the agencies  evidence pointing to Russia to be declassified and revealed to the public, according to Susan Hennessey, a former NSA attorney. But that cards-on-the-table approach, which likely would have sacrificed intelligence sources and methods in favor of more public transparency, didn t make it to the final report.  This isn t a remotely risk-embracing document,  says Hennessey.  There s alway a tension between those who think it s worth bringing forward sources and methods and those that don t. It s clear that those with very conservative views about protecting sources and methods prevailed. 1The unclassified report is underwhelming at best. There is essentially no new information for those who have been paying attention.  Susan Hennessey (@Susan_Hennessey) January 6, 2017One skeptic, at least, has somewhat altered his viewpoint based on the intel agencies  case: Donald Trump. After the president-elect was briefed Friday by the heads of the NSA, FBI, CIA, and Office of the Director of National Intelligence, he offered an oblique statement that neither confirmed nor denied his belief that Russia hacked Democratic targets.  While Russia, China, other countries, other groups and people are constantly trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our government institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democratic National Committee,  Trump s statement reads,  there was no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines. But even that mealy-mouthed comment no intelligence officials had claimed Russia hacked American voting machines contrasts sharply with Trump s past denials. Until now, the president-elect has remained doggedly skeptical and even willfully ignorant of the evidence tying Russia s government to the attacks. He s blamed the intrusions on everyone from China to a 400-pound hacker in New Jersey to the Democratic party itself. Rather than call for investigations into the hacking, he s said the country needs to  move on.  At times he has even refused to admit any hacks took place. He continued those assertions even after he began receiving classified briefings on the attacks as the Republican presidential candidate, and then after US intelligence agencies stated that the Kremlin was responsible in early October, and even after he was elected and gained full access to presidential briefings from the intelligence community. As late as Friday morning, ahead of his own personal briefing on the full report, he continued to refer to China as the possible source of the attack and called the investigation into Russia a  political witch hunt.  (He also wrote on Twitter that he s asking Congress to investigate the unauthorized early leak of today s report to NBC News, showing that he has interest in investigating some leaks, at least.)The report makes a few new assertions: stating plainly that WikiLeaks received hacked DNC data from Russian intelligence, and outlining a broader history of Russian meddling in US elections. It spends significant ink on Russia s state-sponsored propaganda efforts, and delves into state-sponsored social media disinformation strategies and widespread Russian media claims that the US is not a functioning democracy. The report points out, for example, that the RT America television channel has been running stories about the US s weak voting infrastructure and alleged election fraud since November 2012.RT s role as a distributor for Russian government propaganda is hardly news, though. And while data leaks and disinformation campaigns were central to last year s campaign meddling, the report seems to give them disproportionate weight over technical hacking, perhaps because those sections of the report were redacted.In terms of proving the core claim that Russia hacked American political targets, though, Friday s report is sure to leave any skeptic not privy to classified briefings briefings unconvinced: It fails to include even the already public evidence visible to the cybersecurity community over the last six months, which drew a thick dotted line from the DNC hack to the Kremlin. A hacker calling himself Guccifer 2.0, for instance, in June claimed to be a lone Romanian hacker responsible for the breach. But the stolen DNC files he published on the web and also said he d leaked to WikiLeaks contained telltale Russian-language error messages. A piece of malware known as X-Agent was used in both the DNC hack and previous attacks long believed to be Russian intelligence operations. And an analysis of the URL shortening service used by the hacker who stole the Gmail password of Clinton staffer John Podesta shows that the same account was used to target more than 5,000 other Gmail accounts, including Russia-focused journalists and authors, and the spouses of American military officials.Early leaks from a classified version of the report revealed some of the evidence intelligence agencies have to implicate Russia. Unnamed intelligence officials told the Washington Post that US agents had intercepted the communications of senior Russian officials celebrating Trump s win. In another leak to Reuters, intel officials said that they d identified the intermediary who had passed files stolen by Russian hackers to WikiLeaks.The Obama administration, for its part, has for months harbored little doubt about Russia s involvement in the political attacks. In fact, it s already responded: In late December, the White House announced new targeted sanctions against Russian intelligence officials and contractors, ejected 35 Russian diplomats from the country, and seized two Russian-owned properties on American soil it said were being used for intelligence gathering. James Lewis, a cybersecurity-focused fellow with the Center for Strategic and International Studies, told WIRED at the time that it was the  the biggest retaliatory move against Russian espionage since the Cold War. But critics from Trump s presidential transition team have accused Obama of acting against Russia before proving the sanctions were warranted Continue this report at WIREDREAD MORE RUSSIAN HACK NEWS AT: 21WIRE Russian Hack Files",0
22285,"ANOTHER AMERICAN KNOWN WOLF? Fort Lauderdale Shooter Known to FBI, Worked for Security, Amid Backdrop of Mass Drills","Shawn Helton 21st Century WireAnother shocking active-shooter incident rocks America. This time, according to Florida s Broward County Sheriff s Department, thirteen people were shot, including five dead, after an apparent shooting rampage took place at Fort Lauderdale s Hollywood International Airport yesterday.At the moment, there is still no clear motive for the shooting attack and no evidence linking the suspect to terror. However, officials have yet to rule out the possibility of terrorism.The timing of this shooting attack cannot be overstated, as there was a major US intelligence review over an alleged Russian hack influence on America s 2016 election that was scheduled on the very same day   KNOWN WOLF?    What really happened at the Fort Lauderdale airport? (Photo illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)NOTE: It only took a matter of hours for the Fort Lauderdale shooter s back story to emerge.According to authorities, the suspected airport shooter, 26-year-old Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, checked a declared handgun inside his luggage, later retrieving it at Fort Lauderdale Airport s Terminal 2 baggage claim. Santiago then reportedly loaded the gun in a bathroom came out in the terminal opening fire on fellow travelers   including a series of head shots.After the shooting spree, the suspect was reported to have calmly turned himself into the police.#Florida #BreakingNews #FLLSHOOTING Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport #Shooting#Warleak pic.twitter.com/XkU79MTx1J  WarLeak (@WarLeak) January 6, 2017According to Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel,  The shooter is in custody and unharmed,  said .  No law enforcement officers fired any shots. First picture of the shooter released by eye witness via Twistity! @CNN @FoxNews #FortLauderdale #Termianl2 #Shooting #EstebanSantiago pic.twitter.com/np3CUKNr41  Twistity (@TwistityNews) January 6, 2017We're told this is the gun used by the shooter at Ft Lauderdale airport (Photo courtesy: Mark Lea) pic.twitter.com/oENsB9MP5J  WSVN 7 News (@wsvn) January 6, 2017@PoliticsGhost Smiling swat? No record he flew Air Canada? Only 2 cops escort away? Friday aftrn standard Dem fake news time pic.twitter.com/8qpi4tnGwL  NeuroTrade (@neurotrade) January 6, 2017The whole series of events is strange to say the least, but the oddities didn t stop there. Santiago-Ruiz s US military background includes service in the Puerto Rico Army National Guard in 2007, according to the Department of Defense. Santiago-Ruiz was listed as a combat engineer who had been deployed to Iraq in April 2010, returning to US soil in 2011. Later in November of 2014, following a move to Alaska, he became a member of the Alaska National Guard. In August of 2016, Santiago-Ruiz was transferred to Inactive Ready Reserve.Additionally, Santiago-Ruiz was stated to be employed by an as of yet unnamed Anchorage security company while living in Alaska.According to the Associated Press and Miami s local CBS News affiliate,  The Pentagon said he [Santiago-Ruiz] went AWOL several times as a specialist during a stint with the Alaska National Guard and was demoted to private first class, the Associated Press reported. He was given a general discharge, which is lower than an honorable discharge. Earlier reports stated that Santiago-Ruiz flew on a flight from Canada. Air Canada promptly denied that the suspected airport shooter was on any of their flights. Other US mainstream outlets later stated that he arrived on an in-bound Delta Airlines flight instead.  AIRPORT SHOOTING     Esteban Santiago is in custody following a shooting at a Fort Lauderdale airport. Authorities gathered travelers on the tarmac after the incident. (Image Source: Chicago Tribune)Interestingly, former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer was on the scene of the shooting, and was  live-tweeting :I'm at the Ft. Lauderdale Airport. Shots have been fired.  Everyone is running.  Ari Fleischer (@AriFleischer) January 6, 2017Another Known Wolf?As 21 WIRE has documented over the years, many so-called shooting/terror/attacks involve individuals being monitored by security services prior to an alleged act taking place. A place where a  lone wolf  graduates into the ranks of a known wolf. In fact, very often those being watched by authorities exhibit all the tell-tale signs of a patsy or an informant, working either for a law enforcement or intelligence agency. Historically, government operators have often made use of low-life criminals, and mentally disturbed individuals to fulfill various role in entrapment stings or sometimes as bonafide actors in an actual attacks.  In any case, alleged attackers and security agencies have a dicey relationship, making any link between them highly suspect in nature.In January of 2015, a strategic security service think-tank known as The Soufan Group, reported that a larger national security threat resides with radicals who ve had a lengthy criminal background with known ties to security agencies: The Soufan Group, a New York think tank, said a better term for  lone wolves  would be  known wolves , given how many are already known to Western intelligence agencies before they strike. These individuals, acting alone or in small groups   have been on the radar of various agencies and organisations, highlighting the difficulty of effectively monitoring and managing people at the nexus of criminality and terrorism,  it said in a report this week The Fort Lauderdale shooting story rapidly emerged out of corporate media halls looking to sell the public on the latest tragic shooting in America. The Hollywood International Airport shooting has elements of other high-profile shooting events in recent history, such as the TSA/LAX shooting, the the Tucson shooting, Orlando Pulse nightclub shooting, the San Bernardino shooting attack, the Chattanooga military base shooting siege, as well as the aspects of the Aurora theater shooting and the Grand theater shooting in Lafayette and many others.Is the Fort Lauderdale airport shooter another case of a known wolf   triggered into action?The apparent Fort Lauderdale airport shooter, Santiago-Ruiz, who is said to be Puerto Rican was born in New Jersey (living in Alaska), and was well-known to authorities, having recently undergone a mental health evaluation after allegedly visiting an FBI office in Alaska where he claimed he was under  CIA mind control,  with voices in his head telling him to join ISIS : They say last November, he walked into the FBI s office in Anchorage, Alaska, claiming that  his mind was being controlled by the CIA and that it was forcing him to join ISIS. He appeared agitated and incoherent, and made disjointed statements   and although he said he didn t wish to hurt anyone, agents were concerned by his erratic behavior and decided to call local authorities, a senior federal law enforcement official said.Local police took him to a local medical facility for evaluation, and the FBI closed its assessment of Santiago after conducting database reviews, interagency checks and interviews with family members, the official said. NEW: In Nov. 2016, FLL suspect walked into FBI office in Anchorage, claiming he was being forced to fight for ISIS, sources tell CBS News.  CBS News (@CBSNews) January 6, 2017Shades of the Manchurian Candidate?We re also told that the suspect s aunt had flagged his mentally unstable condition previously. According to USA Today:Yet the troubling episode is now part of an emerging profile of a deeply disturbed man described by his aunt Friday as someone who had  lost his mind. Maria Luisa Ruiz of Union City, N.J., said her nephew, who had moved to Alaska for work as a security guard, only recently began to show signs of instability. Like a month ago, it was like he lost his mind,  she said He said he saw things. The inclusion of Santiago-Ruiz s alleged  voices  in his head, supposedly triggered by the CIA, immediately recalls another bizarre case that was also difficult to comprehend   the Navy Yard Shooter from 2013.Here s a passage from a 21WIRE report discussing the apparent Navy Yard shooter, Aaron Alexis: Rather than get caught up in the  fear campaigns  sold to us by our favorite news anchor-zombies, its important to consider another aspect of these mass shootings by making a tally of  the trigger points that media uses to manipulate public perception, as they carefully propagandize certain elements within a crisis making sure to illicit  the right  reaction from every major demographic. Is this what we are seeing in the aftermath of the Fort Lauderdale shooting?Heavy.com added the following details about the supposedly troubled Santiago-Ruiz:The shooter   whose troubled behavior had already drawn the attention of the FBI, Army, and Anchorage police   arrived Friday afternoon at the busy airport on a flight from Alaska, with the gun used in the shooting properly stored in his checked baggage, NBC News reports.One report said the shooter, who lived in Alaska, had no other luggage but the gun, which federal rules allow a person to declare at a ticket counter and check under the plane but not carry on. In addition to Santiago-Ruiz s lengthy time with the US military and the National Guard, in recent years, the suspected shooter was involved in various crimes. Here s a passage from The Daily Beast describing some of Santiago s background: According to charging documents provided by the Anchorage prosecutor s office to The Daily Beast, on January 10, 2016, Santiago verbally assaulted his then girlfriend, a 40-year old mother of one child from a previous marriage whom The Daily Beast is not naming, through a locked bathroom door, telling her to  Get the fuck out, bitch.  After he forced his way in by breaking down the door, he smacked her in the head and strangled her. By the time police arrived, Santiago had fled the scene.Santiago was arrested days later and released on the condition that he have no contact with the victim, but in February, Anchorage police found him at his girlfriend s residence and he was charged for violating the conditions of his release. That case is still pending.Alaska court records show a criminal record under Santiago s name for minor traffic infractions including operating a vehicle without insurance and a broken taillight. Records also show his landlord evicted him for non-payment of rent in February 2015.The assault case was resolved in March when Santiago entered into a deferred prosecution agreement, an alternative to adjudication where prosecutors agreed to dismiss the charges in exchange for Esteban s completion of requirements, the details of which are unknown. While Anchorage municipal prosecutor Seneca Theno told The Daily Beast that previous charges against Santiago-Ruiz are unlikely to be dropped following the airport shooting   you still have to wonder what  requirements  were asked of Santiago-Ruiz to get the alleged assault charges dropped from his record in the first place, given the brutal nature of them.FOX NEWS echoes a Sun Sentinel report,  Why the gunman may have chosen South Florida was unclear. He had no clear connection to the state aside from relatives in the Naples area, a two-hour drive away, the Sun Sentinel reported.The same FOX report adds the following about Santiago-Ruiz s alleged lengthy mental health battle: Bryan Santiago said his brother never spoke to him directly about his medical issues. We have not talked for the past three weeks,  Bryan Santiago said.  That s a bit unusual   I m in shock. He was a serious person   He was a normal person. Mass Shooting Distraction?Another aspect to these highly emotive and polarizing known wolf shooting events, is that usually they dominate US media coverage for several days. As other charged elements of an alleged shooter/attacker are propagandized, such as Santiago-Ruiz s Palestinian scarf image (seen on the left) seized upon by FOX News anchors who fused Santiago-Ruiz s allegedly  ISIS-like  hand gesture with the Gaza-Israeli conflict.The shocking scene at Fort Lauderdale s Hollywood International Airport occurred the same exact day US intelligence leaders briefed President-elect Donald Trump on so-called Russian hack allegations in the lead up to the 2016 election.Back in September of 2016, while examining the aftermath of the New York and New Jersey bomb plot/attack, we analyzed whether a deeper social engineering agenda might have been at play   as part of a larger geopolitical drama unfolded in Syria appeared to be masked by media.When looking deeper, we discovered other overlapping stories that coincided alongside the  known wolf  NYC bomber. Here s a passage that discussed the NYC attack that seemed to bury Western coverage regarding a vicious airstrike campaign that killed dozens of members of Syria s army: You have to wonder, were the events in New York and New Jersey also a weapon of mass distraction, following a major international embarrassment for the United States both at home and abroad   the brutal airstrike campaign in Syria that killed over 70 Syrian troops? This unlikely bombing incident just happened to also coincide with the UN General Assembly in NYC, where President Obama was delivering among other speeches, his War on Terror  addresses to the international community. No surprise then, with the city suddenly on  high terror alert    that Obama quickly, confidently and comfortably used his center stage spotlight at the UN, shifting into  national security  mode   boasting how quickly his police forces solved the case. It was almost if he was ready for events that weekend. Similarly, you have to consider if this new high-profile shooting event at Fort Lauderdale s Hollywood International Airport will dominate the news cycle, as the US intelligence community scrambles to prove Russian hack allegations over the next week.On January 4th ABC News reported the following: The classified report requested by President Barack Obama detailing Russia s alleged role in cyberattacks during U.S. presidential elections dating back to 2008 is now complete, and he is expected to receive the first briefing on its findings on Thursday afternoon, U.S. officials tell ABC News.President-elect Donald Trump, who said last week he would receive his briefing on the matter on Tuesday or Wednesday of this week, is scheduled to receive his briefing on Friday. Both briefings will be conducted by the heads of relevant agencies, including the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the National Security Agency, the FBI and the CIA.U.S. officials denied claims from Trump that his special briefing was delayed so the U.S. intelligence community could strengthen its case against Russia. Officials instead said there may have been a scheduling disconnect or some confusion on the part of the Trump transition team. Interestingly, other explosive high-profile stories went to the back burner, such as the Chicago kidnapping and teen torture story  and the fallout from CNN s Don Lemon following his egregious comments after the tragic racially motivated attack.Media Memory: Reports of a  Second Shooter  at Terminal 1During the later hours of the US mainstream media coverage, networks like CNN were still floating the possibility of a second shooter, as reports emerged of shots fired in the adjacent terminal housing United Airlines, Terminal 1.Interestingly, local reports also reported eye-witness accounts of a  second gunman  involved in the Fort Lauderdale shooting. Here s a passage from an ABC News affiliate discussing the reports of a second gunman at the Fort Lauderdale shooting: All day I ve heard people talking about second incidences,  Catie Rutledge wrote on Instagram.  After waiting on the tarmac for hours and hunting someone down to get our bags, we are now waiting for a bus, so that we can leave the airport. There was panic when authorities feared there was a second gunman. Law enforcement asked travelers to seek shelter. Fear prompted many to say their final good byes to loved ones. Some frightened parents were in tears as they tried to protect their children. This aspect of the case seemingly disappeared from media outlets following Santiago-Ruiz s arrest.The phenomena of multiple shooters being immediately reported after an apparent mass shooting event was also echoed during both the Orlando nightclub shooting and the San Bernardino attack in 2015.Later in the evening, Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel confirmed that there was no second shooter   despite previous reports. The suspect was being interrogated by the FBI. This statement was in stark contrast to multiple witness statements made on national TV, placing the series of shots, or perhaps an additional series of shots and subsequent crowds fleeing in panic at Terminal 1  that would either be instead of Terminal 2, or in addition to it. This wasn t just an anomaly   this was backed up by at least 2 different witnesses on CNN, perhaps more in other reports which 21WIRE has yet to collate here.Was this a case of something that happened in Terminal 1  either part of a drill, or another gunman   which was memory-holed by the media and DHS, or could this be we are looking at planted witnesses who got their lines wrong? This is a fair question to ask, considering we are talking about multiple witnesses stating the shots and crowds panicking in Terminals other than the official story in Terminal 2.Here are four alternative witnesses:Witness 1: CNN s coverage of the  Active Shooter  festival at Fort Lauderdale Airport reveals yet another anomaly in their story. CNN reported the alleged shooter, Esteban Santiago, shot 5 people dead in the Delta Terminal 2, and yet, all the witnesses reported 4 shots fired in the United Terminal 1. When this witness, a father who flew in from Chicago, tells of the United T1 shots fired, CNN s reporter Boris Sanchez appears to panic, possibly then receiving a feed in his ear and then essentially tells the witness  you are wrong, there were no shots fired in United Terminal 1.  Was this bad reporting, or bad stage management by CNN? Watch:  Witness 2: Immediately after CNN s Boris Sanchez mix-up with man flying in from Chicago at United Terminal 1, another CNN witness was suddenly produced, going by the name of  Ryan Ward , interviewed by Jim Sciutto, then comes on, using very scripted language apparently in an attempt to clean-up the inconsistent statements of the last witness. Ryan Ward describes the mayhem, people running,  luggage flying  and  people screaming, gunman coming    even though he admits he was NOT in Delta Terminal 2 where police report the actual shooting took place. Ward claims he was in a wheel chair because of back surgery, but then claims he  got up and ran over  to save a little girl and  I ran back over and pushed the mom into a corner and laid on top of her . He then says that,  It does sound like it was an unsubstantiated second threat, but people certainly weren t acting like it    here he was mirroring the identical language used by the previous CNN reporters. Coincidence? Even more oddly, Ward claims he was flying Jet Blue, and that the,  Jet Blue staff were really great    only problem is that Jet Blue is in Terminal 3, and not in T1 or T2. Watch: Witness 3: Another witness, testifying multiple gunman on the scene, although the Terminal location being referenced by this 3rd witness is somewhat unclear:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBhiSblZtJs . Also, there is an additional media report by Intellihub of a pilot, in uniform and on-site, who also testifies about a loud commotion, with police in pursuit of a perpetrator seen in Terminal 1   a stark contrast to the official story: The pilot believes that  there was another shooting  in Terminal 1 that law enforcement and the F.B.I. are likely covering up.  I could hear females screaming and people running away from terminal 1. The pilot said he feels that it was definitely  some kind of combined effort to attack  the airport.In addition to that, here is a fifth witness, seen in this unconfirmed cell phone video from a female passenger out on the airport tarmac   apparently from Terminal 1, and referencing a second shooter event located after the TSA barrier   which seems to be a different location to the baggage check area:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tayCW0pTBF8 . EDITORS NOTE: If readers have any other witness reports of a  Second Shooter  or shots fired in Terminal 2, please leave them below in the comment section.Here s an ABC News feature with Mark Lea, an apparent eye-witness (later photographed the crime scene) who came  face-to-face  with Santiago-Ruiz   who also rather incredibly, managed to not get shot during the encounter Fort Lauderdale s  Active Shooter  DrillsVery often preceding an apparent shooting/attack there is the presence of mass casualty drills. Fort Lauderdale was no exception.In 2015, the Sun Sentinel reported the following: At a Fort Lauderdale cinema Wednesday, two men in camouflage gear calmly walked down the aisle and fired rifles and handguns at moviegoers.Twenty-seven volunteers were  injured  in three theaters during the drill.Fort Lauderdale police guarded and escorted paramedics wearing protective gear to tend to the wounded actors, even though the  shooters  weren t captured and blank gunfire echoed elsewhere in the Riverwalk movie complex.The agencies  goal is to speed up paramedics  responses during mass killings, domestic calls and other violent incidents. Similarly, in June of 2016, an inter-agency meeting described future protocols regarding mass drills: The meeting, held every quarter, is an opportunity for agencies to coordinate with one another and discuss the latest techniques in fighting domestic terror attacks.Last month, agencies participated in an active-shooter exercise at the Fort Lauderdale Postal Facility.In February, the group participated in Operation Heat Shield, consisting of weapons of mass destruction and an active shooting drill.Sheriff Scott Israel of Broward County Sheriff s Office and Sheriff Rick Bradshaw of Palm Beach County Sheriff s Office said these training exercises are important. With such a large law enforcement effort to tackle the active-shooter, you have to wonder why and how these events seem to coincide with major attacks on US soil.Here s a YouTube video from commentator Peekay Truth discussing aspects of this latest mass shooting tragedy in America https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYY0EgDRYgcDupes, Informants and PawnsAdditionally, as we ve mentioned before, during the aftermath of 2014 s Canadian Parliament Shooting in Ottawa, we outlined many of the primary markers used in certain terror related events globally and other mass casualty incidents often seen in America.The shocking event, like other bizarre attacks in recent years, have often distorted public opinion, pushing the populace towards new security measures in the wake of heavily coordinated and stylized crimes.The suspected Parliament Hill and National War Memorial shooter Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, (Left Image: therightscoop) had the perfect  modus operandi  and r sum  to be an informant for either a law enforcement or intelligence agency.According to the Globe and Mail, Zehaf-Bibeau was already designated as a high risk traveller by the Canadian government s security services   who had also seized his passport. Was this the reason why the Zehaf-Bibeau snapped? Was he being targeted or being pressured into becoming an informant?Other terror stooges and suspicious intelligence  informant  cases include the following:Tamerlan Tsarnaev (see his story here) Buford Rogers (see his story here) Jerad Miller (see his story here) Naji Mansour (see his story here) Quazi Mohammad Nafis (see his story here) Mohamed Osman Mohamud (see his story here) Timothy McVeigh (see his story here) Salim Benghalem (see his story here) Michael Adebolajo (see his story here) Daba Deng (see his story here) Elton Simpson (see his story here) Man Haron Monis (see his story here) Abu Hamza (see his story here) Haroon Rashid Aswat (see his story here) Glen Rodgers (see his story here) Omar Mateen (see his story here) Tashfeen Malik (see her story here) Djamel Beghal  (see his story here) Anjem Choudary (see his story here) Cherif Kouachi (see his story here) Said Kouachi (see his story here) Amedy Coulibaly (see his story here) Hayat Boumeddiene (see her story here) Salah Abdeslam (see his story here) Michael Zehaf-Bibeau (see his story here) Nidal Malik Hassan (see his story here) Abdelhakim Dekhar  (see his story here) Abdelhamid Abaaoud (see his story here) Samy Amimour (see his story here) Isma l Omar Mostefa  (see his story here) Mohamed Lahouij Bouhlel (see his story here) Anis Amri (see his story here)As we ve mentioned here at 21WIRE before, many political leaders and media operatives bang the drums of security over so-called terror  sleeper cells hiding in a nation near you   none of them acknowledge the historical fact that they themselves have also helped to harbor, grow, foment and radicalize individuals through counter-terrorism operations for decades.It is important to mention again, that the FBI created the counter-intelligence program (COINTELPRO) to influence and disrupt political factions from the inside out. Between 1956 and 1971 (including the Socialist Workers party in 1973), the FBI s controversial program infiltrated and radicalized hundreds of left-wing and right-wing groups to control and neutralize political dissidents across America.As we stated after the suspicious Oregon campus shooting in 2015, mass media has worked out their own formula for laying out a familiar series of polarizing political points in the aftermath of any  tragic  event, as they have with many others incidents. The Fort Lauderdale shooting appears once again, to purposefully redirect the public to look at a ready-made laundry list of items (in this case mental-health, supported by online rants on social media) about the persona of a shooter as an ironclad motive for a crime. The aftermath in the case of Fort Lauderdale is no different, as it rapidly descended into an overindulgent barrage of media speculation and theorizing.All too often we ve seen the  stage persona of any alleged attacker or killer being touted as hard evidence, despite the fact that even strong circumstantial evidence of any apparent crime would likely result in many hours of analysis and debate, potentially without a definitive conclusion, even if the evidence reaches a court room.For the average person, it s hard to differentiate from a drill or a real event, causing one to scrutinize the legitimacy of such an operation.In recent years, the investigative tactics of various intelligence agencies have come into question, none perhaps more dubious than the Newburgh FBI sting that involved entrapping four men to participate in a fabricated event created by the bureau. Here s a 2011 passage from The Guardian describing how an FBI informant named Shahed Hussain coerced four others into a fake terror plot: The  Newburgh Four  now languish in jail. Hussain does not. For Hussain was a fake. In fact, Hussain worked for the FBI as an informant trawling mosques in hope of picking up radicals.Yet far from being active militants, the four men he attracted were impoverished individuals struggling with Newburgh s grim epidemic of crack, drug crime and poverty. One had mental issues so severe his apartment contained bottles of his own urine. He also believed Florida was a foreign country.Hussain offered the men huge financial inducements to carry out the plot   including $250,000 to one man   and free holidays and expensive cars.As defence lawyers poured through the evidence, the Newburgh Four came to represent the most extreme form of a controversial FBI policy to use invented terrorist plots to lure targets.  There has been no case as egregious as this. It is unique in the incentive the government provided. A quarter million dollars?  said Professor Karen Greenberg, a terrorism expert at Fordham University. The whole episode seemed akin to the WTC 1993 bombing case, which involved yet another informant working alongside officials.The Gun Control & Security AgendaAs pointed out in 21WIRE during 2015 s Oregon campus shooting, the primary focus for mass media concerning the Fort Lauderdale incident, will now be all of the hot button socio-political issues including  gun control-reform  and those concerned over  mental illness  background checks, along with those who constitutionally oppose such restrictive legislation.It should be obvious by now that events like Fort Lauderdale, along with other  mass-shootings , have become a sharp catalyst to usher in calls for endless new  mass shooting  protocols, inter-agency  fusion ,  first-responder  emergency medical protocols, and also for injecting more and more military terminology into civilian life   with the media playing a critical role in steering the public away from questioning any of the dubious elements surrounding any shooting event.In a sense, the media is helping to nudge these shooting events out of the forensic sphere and into the political arena as quickly as possible, effectively closing the feedback loop of concerned citizens and those who may have been affected by an event.The Fort Lauderdale shooting has prompted the mainstream media to feed into concerns over airport security, gun ownership and a persons mental health background. All of media s fear-inducing drama regarding the Fort Lauderdale shooting boils down to a contentious battle over gun reform and mental health as the Obama administration comes to a close. No doubt this latest shooting will give cause to new security measures in airports across America.Here s another look at outgoing President Obama discussing his frustration on gun control in a  legacy  interview with the BBC from 2015   amazingly, only a few hours before a mass shooting in Lafayette *UPDATE*  Broward Sheriff Scott Israel stated that deputies arrived on the scene between  60 to 70 seconds  after the Fort Lauderdale shooting took place   quite an incredible response time by most law enforcement standards.TMZ acquired footage of the Fort Lauderdale shooter in action   the video appears to display elements of staging   decide for yourself According to reports,  Airport officials, along with federal and local authorities, are investigating who had access to the footage and who allowed it to be taped without authorization, Broward Mayor Barbara Sharief told the Sun Sentinel. *UPDATE* Just one week prior to the Fort Lauderdale shooting,  Florida lawmakers began rallying support for SB 140, a state bill that would repeal laws which, among other things, ban guns in airport terminals like the one where the shooting occurred. Stayed tuned as more details come out regarding the Fort Lauderdale shooting READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21WIRE Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22286,Washington Post Deceives Public & Profits From Fake News,"21st Century Wire says The Washington Post has been caught lying and deceiving the public twice in the last few weeks pushing the unfounded mainstream media meme that Russia invaded the U.S. electric grid and another claiming that Russia is behind the explosion of so-called  fake news. Considering that the power grid story was proven to be a fake news story that WashPost had to later retract  We have to consider the legitimacy of any further claims the outlet has against Russia as particularly dubious.The Intercept has some interesting analysis on how outlets such as WashPost not only deceive the public, push false state sponsored talking points but also how they profit financially from this collusion. Glenn Greenwald The InterceptIn the past six weeks, the Washington Post published two blockbuster stories about the Russian threat that went viral: one on how Russia is behind a massive explosion of  fake news,  the other on how it invaded the U.S. electric grid. Both articles were fundamentally false. Each now bears a humiliating editor s note grudgingly acknowledging that the core claims of the story were fiction: The first note was posted a full two weeks later to the top of the original article; the other was buried the following day at the bottom.The second story on the electric grid turned out to be far worse than I realized when I wrote about it on Saturday, when it became clear that there was no  penetration of the U.S. electricity grid  as the Post had claimed. In addition to the editor s note, the Russia-hacked-our-electric-grid story now has a full-scale retraction in the form of a separate article admitting that  the incident is not linked to any Russian government effort to target or hack the utility  and there may not even have been malware at all on this laptop.But while these debacles are embarrassing for the paper, they are also richly rewarding. That s because journalists   including those at the Post   aggressively hype and promote the original, sensationalistic false stories, ensuring that they go viral, generating massive traffic for the Post (the paper s executive editor, Marty Baron, recently boasted about how profitable the paper has become).After spreading the falsehoods far and wide, raising fear levels and manipulating U.S. political discourse in the process (both Russia stories were widely hyped on cable news), journalists who spread the false claims subsequently note the retraction or corrections only in the most muted way possible, and often not at all. As a result, only a tiny fraction of people who were exposed to the original false story end up learning of the retractions.Baron himself, editorial leader of the Post, is a perfect case study in this irresponsible tactic. It was Baron who went to Twitter on the evening of November 24 to announce the Post s expos  of the enormous reach of Russia s fake news operation, based on what he heralded as the findings of  independent researchers.  Baron s tweet went all over the place; to date, it has been re-tweeted more than 3,000 times, including by many journalists with their own large followings:Russian propaganda effort helped spread fake news during election, say independent researchers https://t.co/3ETVXWw16Q  Marty Baron (@PostBaron) November 25, 2016But after that story faced a barrage of intense criticism   from Adrian Chen in the New Yorker ( propaganda about Russia propaganda ), Matt Taibbi in Rolling Stone ( shameful, disgusting ), my own article, and many others   including legal threats from the sites smeared as Russian propaganda outlets by the Post s  independent researchers    the Post finally added its lengthy editor s note distancing itself from the anonymous group that provided the key claims of its story ( The Post   does not itself vouch for the validity of PropOrNot s findings  and  since publication of the Post s story, PropOrNot has removed some sites from its list ).What did Baron tell his followers about this editor s note that gutted the key claims of the story he hyped? Nothing. Not a word. To date, he has been publicly silent about these revisions. Having spread the original claims to tens of thousands of people, if not more, he took no steps to ensure that any of them heard about the major walk back on the article s most significant, inflammatory claims. He did, however, ironically find the time to promote a different Post story about how terrible and damaging Fake News is: Pizzagate  shows how fake news hurts real people https://t.co/cOh7RZ4RqK  Marty Baron (@PostBaron) November 26, 2016WHETHER THE POST S false stories here can be distinguished from what is commonly called  Fake News  is, at this point, a semantic dispute, particularly since  Fake News  has no cogent definition. Defenders of Fake News as a distinct category typically emphasize intent in order to differentiate it from bad journalism. That s really just a way of defining Fake News so as to make it definitionally impossible for mainstream media outlets like the Post ever to be guilty of it (much the way terrorism is defined to ensure that the U.S. government and its allies cannot, by definition, ever commit it).But what was the Post s motive in publishing two false stories about Russia that, very predictably, generated massive attention, traffic, and political impact? Was it ideological and political   namely, devotion to the D.C. agenda of elevating Russia into a grave threat to U.S. security? Was it to please its audience   knowing that its readers, in the wake of Trump s victory, want to be fed stories about Russian treachery? Was it access and source servitude   proving it will serve as a loyal and uncritical repository for any propaganda intelligence officials want disseminated? Was it profit   to generate revenue through sensationalistic click-bait headlines with a reckless disregard to whether its stories are true? In an institution as large as the Post, with numerous reporters and editors participating in these stories, it s impossible to identify any one motive as definitive.Whatever the motives, the effects of these false stories are exactly the same as those of whatever one regards as Fake News. The false claims travel all over the internet, deceiving huge numbers into believing them. The propagators of the falsehoods receive ample profit from their false, viral  news.  And there is no accountability of the kind that would disincentivize a repeat of the behavior. (That the Post ultimately corrects its false story does not distinguish it from classic Fake News sites, which also sometimes do the same.)And while it s true that all media outlets make mistakes, and that even the most careful journalism sometimes errs, those facts do not remotely mitigate the Post s behavior here. In these cases, they did not make good faith mistakes after engaging in careful journalism. With both stories, they were reckless (at best) from the start, and the glaring deficiencies in the reporting were immediately self-evident (which is why both stories were widely attacked upon publication).As this excellent timeline by Kalev Leetaru documents, the Post did not even bother to contact the utility companies in question   the most elementary step of journalistic responsibility   until after the story was published. Intelligence officials insisting on anonymity   so as to ensure no accountability   whispered to them that this happened, and despite how significant the consequences would be, they rushed to print it with no verification at all. This is not a case of good journalism producing inaccurate reporting; it is the case of a media outlet publishing a story that it knew would produce massive benefits and consequences without the slightest due diligence or care.THE MOST IRONIC aspect of all this is that it is mainstream journalists   the very people who have become obsessed with the crusade against Fake News   who play the key role in enabling and fueling this dissemination of false stories. They do so not only by uncritically spreading them, but also by taking little or no steps to notify the public of their falsity.The Post s epic debacle this weekend regarding its electric grid fiction vividly illustrates this dynamic. As I noted on Saturday, many journalists reacted to this story the same way they do every story about Russia: They instantly click and re-tweet and share the story without the slightest critical scrutiny. That these claims are constantly based on the whispers of anonymous officials and accompanied by no evidence whatsoever gives those journalists no pause at all; any official claim that Russia and Putin are behind some global evil is instantly treated as Truth. That s a significant reason papers like the Post are incentivized to recklessly publish stories of this kind. They know they will be praised and rewarded no matter the accuracy or reliability because their Cause   the agenda   is the right one.On Friday night, immediately after the Post s story was published, one of the most dramatic pronouncements came from the New York Times s editorial writer Brent Staples, who said this:Now that this story has collapsed and been fully retracted, what has Staples done to note that this tweet was false? Just like Baron, absolutely nothing Continue this article at The InterceptREAD MORE RUSSIAN HACK NEWS AT: 21WIRE Russian Hack Files",0
22287,"CONVENIENT? ‘Active Shooter’ Kills 5 in Fort Lauderdale, CNN Claims Voices in His Head ‘Told Him to Join ISIS’","21st Century Wire says Incredibly, on the same day that US  intelligence  officials were due to meet President-Elect Donald Trump about the alleged Russian Hack  report   like clockwork, another  Active Shooter  event springs-up, this time at Fort Lauderdale International Airport in Florida. Very dramatic, great television drama on CNN and elsewhere. As a result, no US news channel covered the epic flop of the CIA s report debacle and Trump s reaction to it until the evening news cycle.Stay tuned to 21WIRE later on, for a full Daily Shooter report on today s Fort Lauderdale Airport attack.Thus far, we re told that the suspect got off a Delta Flight from Anchorage, Alaska, calmly collected his bags, went into a bathroom, loaded his gun (which we re told was stored legally in his check-on luggage) and stepped into the baggage claim area and began shooting and killing people.And just when you thought this story couldn t get any more ridiculous, we re meant to swallow this Just now, CNN reported that suspect Esteban Santiago was a member of the National Guard, served in Iraq, and was hearing  ISIS voices  in his head. Anchor Erin Burnett stated on air: The shooter went into FBI office in Anchorage (Alaska) and told officials he was hearing voices in his head telling him to join ISIS! Indeed, exactly as 21WIRE predicted yesterday:CIA #russianhacking report out Monday. Our guess: there's nothing in it. What will Obama do as distraction? New hack? #ISIS attack?  21st Century Wire (@21WIRE) January 6, 2017As expected, CNN is pushing the  mental health  angle, with panel experts talking-up the need for more gun control and  mental health checks. Here s the official mainstream narrative  (CNN) Five people were shot dead and eight wounded in a baggage claim area at Fort Lauderdale s airport, and law enforcement sources tell CNN the suspect, identified as Esteban Santiago, had brought the firearm in his checked luggage.Authorities said it was too early to understand why the suspect, who was taken into custody without incident, opened fire at the Florida airport.Florida Sen. Bill Nelson told CNN that Santiago had a military identification card, but he did not know whether it was current.Here s the latest on what we know:  Thirteen people were shot and eight were taken to hospitals, Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel said. Five others died from their wounds.  The suspect joined the National Guard in Puerto Rico in 2007. In April 2010, he went to Iraq for 10 months. A spokeswoman for the Alaska Army National Guard said Santiago was in the Army Reserves before he joined the guard there in November 2014. Lt. Col. Candis Olmstead said Santiago was discharged in August for unsatisfactory performance.  The suspect showed up several months ago at the FBI office in Anchorage, law enforcement officials told CNN. He was interviewed and said he was hearing voices in his head, including some telling him to join ISIS. He was taken to a hospital for a mental health evaluation, voluntarily checked himself in, the officials explained.  Law enforcement sources told CNN that the suspect flew to Florida on Friday from Alaska and had declared the firearm. When he arrived at the airport, the suspect retrieved a bag at baggage claim, took out the gun and started firing, the sources said. One source said he went to the bathroom to get the gun out of his luggage and emerged firing.  Sheriff Israel said the gunman likely acted alone. The sheriff said it was too early to say whether terrorism was the motive.  Gov. Rick Scott told reporters at the airport:  The citizens of Florida will not tolerate senseless acts of evil. Whoever is responsible will held accountable to the fullest extent of the law.  The governor said that now was time to mourn the dead and pray for hospitalized victims, not talk about gun laws.  Multiple reports on social media   including tweets from former White House spokesman Ari Fleischer   described the shooting.Continue the mainstream story at CNNREAD MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21WIRE Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22288,CIA Report Released: Trump maintains DNC Leaks had “Absolutely no effect on outcome of election”,"21st Century Wire says Despite the mass media distraction of the improbably  Active Shooter  attack at Fort Lauderdale Airport earlier this afternoon   today was  the big day,  the dramatic release of the  unclassified  portion the US Intelligence report of the alleged Russian Hack  of the 2016 US Election. Meanwhile, at Trump Tower, President-Elect Donald Trump was given the full classified version of the report today, and was unimpressed, declaring that the alleged hacking of the Democrat National Committee (DNC) had  absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election. Note that it is still an  alleged  hack because US intelligence agencies Have yet to produce any actual evidence that the Russian government were involved in either the DNC Leaks or the Podesta Email dump on Wikileaks.Instead, the report s main thrust is accusing the Russians of running all of the so-called  fake news  articles that flooded Facebook and social media during the 2016 election cycle   claiming that it all traces back to St. Petersburg, Russia   despite earlier investigative reports published by both The Guardian and Buzzfeed which placed the fake news empire in Macedonia, where teenagers netted small fortunes by pumping out imaginary stories on hundreds of cut-out websites during the 2016 election.  Putin Aspired to Help Trump CNN and other US media outlets were quick to  down-shift  their headlines   away from saying that the Russian government  Hacked  the US Elections, now saying that  Putin Aspired to Help Trump. After a 90-minute briefing at Trump Tower with national intelligence chiefs,  Donald Trump, under pressure from his party and the US media, issued a statement seeming to acknowledge some hacking of  the cyber-infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee,  but was clear to ad the caveat that whatever happened had  absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election. While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber-infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines. There were attempts to hack the Republican National Committee, but the R.N.C. had strong hacking defenses and the hackers were unsuccessful. STAY TUNED FOR MORE UPDATESREAD MORE RUSSIAN HACK NEWS AT: 21WIRE Russian Hack FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22289,CNN’s Don Lemon Tries to Downplay Horrific ‘Anti-Trump’ Torture of Mentally Disabled Man,"In case you missed it, CNN anchor Don Lemon went on a drunk, alcohol-fuelled tear this past New Years Eve, drinking tequila shots during CNN s nationally televised show. It was a shocking scene, even by CNN standards. After making a show of himself, the 50 year-old Lemon then got a free pass from CNN executives, and the next day he was back to work on set   as if nothing had happened. Things only got worse from there  On Wednesday, shocking reports surfaced of what appears to be both a politically and racially motivated attack, where four black youths from Chicago kidnapped and tortured a mentally disabled white man (pictured above), in an ordeal which lasted over 24 hours. The perpetrators live-streamed the abuse on Facebook s Live.Later that evening, host Don Lemon assembled a panel of CNN regulars, most of whom  appeared to downplay the political and racial nature of the attack  despite having the video evidence right there, clearly showing the captors  ill intentions.The kidnappers could be heard shouting at their victim, F*** Trump!  and  F*** white people!  as they proceeded to humiliate and torture the mentally disabled man, including taking a knife and  scalping a lock of his hair and drawing blood in the process.Aside from the political and racist overtones, the fact that the victim was a helpless disabled man added another dimension to the cruelty. The fact that this was a vulnerable person who was probably duped into going along with them. It appears it is someone who is mentally disabled, I think makes it even more sickening, said CNN guest Matt Lewis.  But at the end of the day, you just try to wrap your head around evil. That s what this is, it s evil. It s brutality. That s when CNN s Don Lemon stepped in, trying to steer the conversation towards being sympathetic towards the four black assailants, with Lemon stating,  I don t think it s evil. I think these are young people and I think they have bad home training.Lemon s obvious cognitive dissonance is clearly on display here, as the troubled anchor claims he cannot image such criminal behavior, even as four people conspire and broadcast the torture right in front of Lemon s eyes. I say, who is raising these young people? I have no idea who s raising these young people. Because no one I know on Earth who is 17 years old or 70 years old would ever think of treating another person like that. Watch Lemon s shameful gatekeeping episode here: Lemon s racial and political bias was trumped only by CNN s flippant black activist and Democratic Party surrogate, Symone Sanders, who tried selling the idea that this incident wasn t a  hate crime    even though all aspects of an anti-white racist hate were on full display. The Democratic Party worker then infers that Donald Trump is to blame for creating the conditions for the attack, as she callously tries to downplay the event as merely  stupid  on the part of the black kidnappers.One could easily argue based on their commentaries, both Don Lemon and Symone Sanders have a clear bias because of the racial identities of the assailants, and are thus incapable of covering this story with any level of normal objectivity.SEE ALSO: Don Lemon Hits Back at  Fake Information  That He s  Making Excuses  for Torture Gang Democratic Party operative and Black Lives Matter supporter Symone Sanders (Image: CNN)In a separate segment, #BlackLives Matter supporter and CNN panelist Angela Rye, attempted to divert the conversation away from the racist aspects of the crime by attacking The Blaze radio host Glenn Beck who tweeted earlier and blamed the militant activist George Soros-funded militant group Black Lives Matter for the incident.You are right.  Stand up with me and demand justice in Chicago for the beating of a disabled trump supporter by BLM https://t.co/aP79pKnHA1  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) January 5, 2017It is not yet clear whether any of the four black assailants were members or supporters of the Black Lives Matter movement.Mainstream Media: Institutional Double Standards It goes without saying that had the racial identities been reversed in this case, then it would have sparked national outrage   and certainly organized rioting in dozens of cities across America   as well as any white-on-black crime being blamed on President-Elect Donald Trump.READ MORE CNN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire CNN FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22290,Boiler Room #91 – The Swear Jar Overfloweth,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki host of The Nameless Podcast, Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis and Stewart Howe for the 91st episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the plants, put the kids to bed and get your favorite snuggy out so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! Listen to  Boiler Room EP #91   The Swear Jar Overfloweth  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22291,EP #8: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with guest Shawn Helton – ‘2017 Predictions & Trends’," Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 8 Trends & Predictions for 2017 Looking ahead to the new year, there are a number of big issues on the horizon both in the US and internationally too   and some of those may have profound implications on the world as we know it.Host Patrick Henningsen in joined once again by special guest Shawn Helton, investigative journalist and Associate Editor at 21stCenturyWire.com. Listen  START 1385 Download Link Download this podcast  END 1385 Download Link This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22292,PROVOCATION? Republican Senators Introduce New Bill to Move US Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem,"21st Century Wire says Donald Trump s campaign  promise  to move the US Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem could trigger a series of events pushing the region back towards serious conflict. Trump s appointment of right-wing Jewish bankruptcy lawyer David Friedman (image, left) as his ambassador to Israel is seen by many as an aggressive move to promote an ultra-Zionist agenda, as Friedman is a supporter of illegal Israeli settlement expansion in Palestine.Moving the US Embassy to Jerusalem would be in direct violation of numerous other UN resolutions   11 UN Security Council resolutions have ruled that Israel s seizure of East Jerusalem is that of an occupied territory.Hussein Ibish of Foreign Policy Magazine outlines some of the context of this issue in terms of US politics: Among the many alarming ways in which President-elect Donald Trump might upend traditional American foreign policy, one of the most immediate and troubling concerns his pledge to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem.Other successful presidential candidates, most notably Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, made the same promise, only, once inaugurated, to emulate all of their predecessors by invoking the executive waiver to the 1995 Congressional Mandate to relocate the embassy. According to Saeb Erekat, a senior Palestinian official and peace negotiator, said that annexing settlements in the West Bank and moving the embassy to Jerusalem might mean the destruction of the peace process as a whole. Naturally, bellicose Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu denied it would inflame any conflict, stating in December that is was  great step forward to peace. Middle East advocate Camille Mansour, told Al-Monitor that the US move would be devastating to relations between Palestinians and Israel, stating: It is a clear abandonment of the corpus-separatum issue, which Jerusalem has enjoyed since before 1947,  he said. A number of consulates were based in Jerusalem   US, Italian, English, Turkish, Spanish, French and Belgian    based on this separate recognition of the city. NOTE:  Corpus-separatum  refers to Jerusalem s observed neutral legal and political status, closely related to that of an independent city-state.This comes on the heals of the recent controversy over the recent UN Security Council Resolution condemning Israeli settlements. Apparently, the UN also followed up the settlement resolution with a plan to track activities of companies doing business in the illegally occupied West Bank.Either way, this latest push by Republicans on behalf of Netanyahu and the Zionist Lobby seems to be a prelude to increased tensions in the Middle East  David Smith The GuardianThree Republican senators have introduced legislation to recognise Jerusalem as Israel s official capital and move the US embassy there from Tel Aviv, a plan backed by Donald Trump but likely to ignite fierce protests.After being sworn into the 115th Congress in Washington, Ted Cruz of Texas, Dean Heller of Nevada and Marco Rubio of Florida unveiled the Jerusalem Embassy and Recognition Act.Similar moves by Republican majorities over the past two decades have come to nought, but this time they have a sympathetic president-elect in Trump. He has repeatedly pledged to relocate the embassy to Jerusalem and nominated a US ambassador who shares that view.Critics warn that the move could unleash a wave of violence and further rattle the Israel-Palestine peace process and the future of a two-state solution.Cruz, runner-up to Trump in the Republican presidential primary, said on Tuesday:  Jerusalem is the eternal and undivided capital of Israel. Unfortunately, the Obama administration s vendetta against the Jewish state has been so vicious that to even utter this simple truth   let alone the reality that Jerusalem is the appropriate venue for the American embassy in Israel   is shocking in some circles.[ ] Rubio added:  Jerusalem is the eternal capital of the Jewish state of Israel, and that s where America s embassy belongs. It s time for Congress and the president-elect to eliminate the loophole that has allowed presidents in both parties to ignore US law and delay our embassy s rightful relocation to Jerusalem for over two decades. The US embassy has been located on Tel Aviv s HaYarkon Street for half a century. US state department policy has long held that the status of Jerusalem will only be determined in final talks between Israel and the Palestinians Continue this story at The GuardianREAD MORE ISRAEL NEWS AT: 21WIRE Israel FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22293,SOUR GRAPES? Whatever happened to the ‘smooth transition of power’ that Obama vowed?," Andrew Malcolm McClatchy News You better stop stealing money from your mother s purse, young man, or I will punish you late this year or perhaps sometime in 2018,  said no parent who was serious about punishment.Yet that s pretty much what President Obama did with his old-fashioned expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats over alleged political hacking by Moscow interests going back 18 months.A very strange retro-response from a president who mocked Mitt Romney for suggesting in 2012 that Russia was America s worst strategic threat. Obama said:  The 1980s are now calling to ask for their foreign policy back because the Cold War s been over for 20 years. As has often happened when Obama shoots from the lip sans teleprompter (think his red line in Syria, ISIS is a JV squad), the aloof one is wrong.Obama s been golfing and snorkeling in Hawaii since mid-December. But he left orders for a number of last-minute steps, including more ineffective sanctions against Russia and a stunning historic break with Israel. Indeed, these measures smell more of vengeance than practical policy.Petty political ploys are standard operating procedure back in the Chicago wards that spawned Obama s career. They re less expected at the presidential level. In fact, Russia s president declined to retaliate Continue this story at McClatchy Newspapers  READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21WIRE 2016 Files",0
22294,HACKING DEMOCRACY? CIA Accusing Russia of Doing What Langley Does So Well,"Peter Certo Other WordsEven in an election year as shot through with conspiracy theories as this one, it would have been hard to imagine a bigger bombshell than Russia intervening to help Donald Trump. But that s exactly what the CIA believes happened, or so unnamed  officials brief on the matter  told the Washington Post.While Russia had long been blamed for hacking email accounts linked to the Clinton campaign, its motives had been shrouded in mystery. According to the Post, though, CIA officials recently presented Congress with a  a growing body of intelligence from multiple sources  that  electing Trump was Russia s goal. Now, the CIA hasn t made any of its evidence public, and the CIA and FBI are reportedly divided on the subject. Though it s too soon to draw conclusions, the charges warrant a serious public investigation.Even some Republicans who backed Trump seem to agree.  The Russians are not our friends,  said Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell, announcing his support for a congressional probe. It s  warfare,  added Senator John McCain.There s a grim irony to this. The CIA is accusing Russia of interfering in our free and fair elections to install a right-wing candidate it deemed more favorable to its interests. Yet during the Cold War, that s exactly what the CIA did to the rest of the world.Most Americans probably don t know that history. But in much of the world it s a crucial part of how Washington is viewed even today.In the post-World War II years, as Moscow and Washington jockeyed for global influence, the two capitals tried to game every foreign election they could get their hands on.From Europe to Vietnam and Chile to the Philippines, American agents delivered briefcases of cash to hand-picked politicians, launched smear campaigns against their left-leaning rivals, and spread hysterical  fake news  stories like the ones some now accuse Russia of spreading here.Together, political scientist Dov Levin estimates, Russia and the U.S. interfered in 117 elections this way in the second half the 20th century. Even worse is what happened when the CIA s chosen candidates lost.In Iran, when elected leader Mohammad Mossadegh tried to nationalize the country s BP-held oil reserves, CIA agent Kermit Roosevelt led an operation to oust Mossadegh in favor of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. The shah s secret police tortured dissidents by the thousands, leading directly to the Islamic Revolution in 1979.In Guatemala, when the democratically elected Jacobo Arbez tried to loosen the U.S.-based United Fruit company s grip on Guatemalan land, the CIA backed a coup against him. In the decades of civil war that followed, U.S.-backed security forces were accused of carrying out a genocide against indigenous Guatemalans. Chile s democratically elected leader Allende was murdered in a brutal CIA coup d etat on September 11, 1973 (Image Source: Evergreen.edu)In Chile, after voters elected the socialist Salvador Allende, the CIA spearheaded a bloody coup to install the right-wing dictator Augusto Pinochet, who went on to torture and disappear tens of thousands of Chileans. I don t see why we need to stand by and watch a country go communist due to the irresponsibility of its own people,  U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger purportedly said about the coup he helped orchestrate there.And those are only the most well-known examples Continue this article at Other WordsREAD MORE MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21WIRE 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
22295,Good News for Silver in 2017," James Burgess Oil PricePrecious metals are an important component of every investor s portfolio, and while gold often gets all the hype, another precious metal will be a much better bet in 2017: Silver.The market for silver continues to tighten as supply has failed to keep up with demand for much of the past decade. Silver is used in all facets of modern life, including electronics, medical devices, engines, batteries, solar panels, LED lighting, semiconductors, touch screens, dentistry, and nuclear reactors. The list goes on.Demand for silver is up by more than 35 percent since 2009, while supply only grew by a little more than 10 percent. In 2015 alone, global demand for silver exceeded supply by roughly 129 million ounces, or about 11 percent of overall demand. With silver consumption set to expand indefinitely, the supply deficit will continue to put upward pressure on prices in the years ahead.The set-up here is fantastic because indications are that we are on the edge of another bull run at a time when silver mining stocks are significantly undervalued. Silver prices had a good run for most of 2016, but have fallen back in recent weeks as the dollar has strengthened and uncertainty surrounding the U.S. presidential election abated. But the pause in the run up in prices will be brief, offering investors an appetizing entry point for a crucial commodity in today s globalized economy.Silver may be down 10% from its peak of $20.67 in Q3, but the sell-offs were based on sentiment, not fundamental reality and this is exactly where smart investment finds opportunity. The strongest documented indication of this is the Q3 earnings of silver miners, which only the savviest of investors are picking up on. Pan American Silver (NASDAQ:PAAS) reported Q3 earnings of an impressive US$43.4 million up US$9.2 million over the previous quarter just for starters.[ ]1. The Global Silver Lining: A Precious Metal PremiumGlobal investors are magnetically drawn to precious metals in times of uncertainty and instability. Global tensions are as high as they were in the 9/11 aftermath, when precious metals soared phenomenally as everyone hedged bets against global instability Continue this article at Oil PriceREAD MORE FINANCIAL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Financial Files",0
22296,Gerald Celente: Top 10 Trends for 2017,"What can we expect in 2017? Inflated markets, insider trading and runaway monetary policy   still trending Gerald Celente, head of Trends Research Institute, weighs-in on what you can expect going forward in the new year. Watch:  ",0
22297,CNN’s Don Lemon: Is He an Alcoholic or Just a Drunk?,"Day in and day out, CNN works hard to try and convince American audiences that it s a legitimate news outlet, and it hopes that the public will take seriously the troubled news network s various on-screen actors and quasi-journalists. On New Year s Eve, one of CNN s highly paid anchors, Don Lemon could be seen on national TV in New Orleans with co-presenter Brooke Baldwin, as Lemon proceeded to pound shots of tequila live on air, slurring his speech and shouting, while simultaneously getting his ear pierced during the program. Lemon then went on to sink into a melancholy diatribe about not being in a relationship (Lemon is gay) and personal struggles with his own narcissism.The episode prompted many critics to question his psychological state, and also to ask whether or not Lemon might have a serious drinking or substance problem.Things got so bad that network producers had to pull the audio feed while drunk Lemon began shouting  2016 was awful. On the New York City feed, onlookers from CNN were obscure female American comedian, Kathy Griffin, joined by  news presenter  and actor Anderson Cooper, both of whom were enjoying the spectacle   not at all concerned with the potential damage to Lemon s reputation as a result of his alcoholic episode on air.Griffin could be seen shouting,  Nipples! Nipples! Nipples!  as Lemon began to unbutton his dress shirt.Watch Don Lemon drunk on air during CNN s New Years broadcast:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNWx-ZfrKOU . ",0
22298,US Middle Class Still Suffering from Rockefeller-Kissinger Industrial Transfer Scheme to China," Dick Eastman The Truth HoundWhen Henry Kissinger and David Rockefeller met with Zhou Enlai in China in 1973 just after President Richard Nixon had visited China establishing official relations an understanding was reached whereby the U.S. would supply industrial capital and know-how to China.In return Kissinger-connected corporations would gain the monopolistic advantage of low-cost labor production which could outcompete all U.S. domestic industry.The comparative advantage gained was being able to hire Chinese laborers who were ready to work hard at exceedingly low cost with no drugs, no alcohol, a strong work ethic, no unions, no paid benefits and weak environmental standards. And with such a large labor pool, burned out workers could simply be replaced. This gave the Rockefeller/Kissinger corporations a major edge over their domestic U.S. competitors who had to pay relatively high wages, high regulation costs, deal with union strikes and collective bargaining etc.Of course, the American consumer did not see greatly lowered prices commensurate with such greatly lowered labor costs. The $19.99 plastic action-figure toy marketed with a Hollywood movie still cost $19.99 even though it cost $12 to $15 to produce in the U.S. but less than $2.00 per copy to produce in China and transport to America s West Coast container ports for distribution throughout America.The consumer paid pretty much the old prices but the corporations split the monopoly profit with China s Princelings since it did not take much of a lowering of prices to drive high-wage, high-benefit, contracted-labor domestic corporations out of business (not to mention the environmental and workplace safety regulations with which domestic companies were saddled).  Then, Wal-Mart became a near-monopoly retailer that increased and reinforced the widespread selling of these off-shore manufactures.Thus, America s domestic producers were not simply being bested on one or another area of production; they were being bested across the entire spectrum of manufactured goods that American buy. It was anticipated that these domestic firms would fail, and their failure was hastened by the banks maintaining a deflationary domestic economy in the U.S. throughout the post Rockefeller-Kissinger-Zhou buildup of China and the degrading of American domestic manufacturing.Remember, the entire money supply of the U.S. is borrowed that is, the money co-created with a debt of an even bigger amount (principal plus compound interest) that must in due course be returned to the lender. But money in the domestic economy was going to multinational corporations and to China, while also going to taxes to pay on the national debt that resulted [NOTE: Due to U.S. industrial depletion, federal revenue receipts as well as the tax-take of state and local governments, shrunk, resulting in greater government borrowing and therefore greater public debts TRUTH HOUND note].  And of course, compound interest was attached to that debt.Rockefeller and Kissinger were (and to some extent still are) at war with middle-class America with intelligent, self-supporting, self-respecting, ambitious, industrious citizens who always pose the greatest threat in the form of populist politics to the bankers and their Bank-of-England/East-India-Company/Rothschild monetary and trade system, the very system that Rockefeller and Kissinger were representing and expanding when they visited Zhou Enlai.So here we are in 2016 and newly elected President Donald J. Trump says he intends to place a tariff on goods imported from China, while the media decries the tariff proposal as a violation of  long-standing liberal free-trade policies. One more thing in defense of who I believe was a great president and a warning for the new one.Richard Nixon opened China believing in peaceful co-existence and the fact that if given time for a fair comparison of how free-enterprise and representative government functions in contrast to the communist planned economy, that the U.S. model would win out over a system where each receives what the state deems he needs and where work is ordered by the state.But of course Kissinger and Rockefeller instigated the Watergate coup against Nixon a frame-up with John Dean and Kissinger as the real  Deep Throats  by my deductions from public information so that the Rockefeller/Kissinger plans for China s industrialization and America s deindustrialization could proceed unopposed, as it certainly did after Nixon resigned to avoid a constitutional crisis that would hinder the proper working of government.Nixon should have fought them because they were about to take a financial axe to this country as soon as Nixon was gone.  When Nixon was gone, they first robbed the middle-class of their savings with banker Paul Volcker s  QE  (quantitative easing) bond purchases at the New York Federal Reserve branch. Then, when that was accomplished, America s savings-and-loans were cast into crisis (because they had been taking in money short-term at 3% and lending long-term at 6%). This helped force the deregulation of banking to Rockefeller advantage after which Volcker moved to become Federal Reserve Chairman in control of the discount rate. With that lever of power that sets the interest-rate framework of the nation, Volcker inaugurated the tight-money (deflation) policy that has persisted to this day, making it very hard for firms to invest in automation to combat the cost advantage of Chinese subsistence labor.Japan was hit with deflation too   they were going to provide us with the robots.  THE WHOLE THING WAS A GREAT PLAN AGAINST US, COORDINATED AT EVERY LEVEL, WITH EVERY INSTITUTION, FROM THE NEWS TALKING ABOUT HOW THE LEVERAGED BUY-OUTS OCCURING IN THE DEFLATION WERE MAKING US  LEAN AND MEAN,  WHEN IN FACT THEY WERE TEARING OUT THE GUTS OF AMERICAN PRODUCTION.  And the news media and the economics and business administration courses in colleges sung the praises of international free trade and the  efficiency of markets  nonstop.I watched it all from a pretty good seat on the sidelines, but of course I was marginalized as just another excess white person who needed to stand aside so that blacks and women could have their fair chance.  And who could argue with that?  So I took to the internet to see what effect I could have simply speaking as a citizen, where I ve met encountered considerable abuse and ridicule, which certainly makes it unpleasant to try and be the  Paul Revere  awakening the good citizens.I do wish President Donald Trump the best. But let us make sure that none of the neo-conservatives he is taking into his administration are really  Kissingers  beholden to Goldman-Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein.  Beware of new Watergates.Washington writer Dick Eastman taught economics at Texas A & M University and also studied the behavorial sciences.READ MORE CHINA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire China Files",0
22299,PC TYRANNY: University of Oregon Rules That Professors Have NO Free Speech,"21st Century Wire says By cow-towing to students  over-sensitivity to free speech and seemingly a prenatal requirement for  safe spaces  on campus   academics and university administrators are unknowingly (or knowingly) constructing communitarian unintellectual institutions of tyranny on campuses across America. The end result of this progress  should be obvious to anyone who has studied 20th century history   it is anarchy. If students are allowed to get professors suspended or fired over spurious allegations of  offense caused,  or rather, causing students to feel  uncomfortable    then the entire concept of the university as we once knew it   is finished. By dismissing talent in favor of adherence to an ever new and constantly updated  orthdoxy,  the only professors left to teach in this burgeoning environment of weaponized political correctness will most certainly be under-qualified, mediocre, young, and possibly radical or overly militant instructors.That will be the end of higher education   and as we can now see, it s heading in that direction  (Image Source: Niskan Center)Mark Tapson Truth RevoltWriting for the Washington Post, Eugene Volokh of The Volokh Conspiracy addresses a disturbing development at the University of Oregon, whose administration made clear to its faculty last week that if you say things about race, sexual orientation, sex, religion and so on that enough people find offensive, you could get suspended and possibly even fired. This can happen even to tenured faculty members or to anyone else.  Orthodoxy,  Volokh writes,  enforced on threat of institutional punishment, is what the University of Oregon is now about. This all began with a Halloween party hosted by tenured University of Oregon law school professor Nancy Shurtz attended by about a dozen students and about a dozen nonstudents:Shurtz had told the students that she would be  going as a popular book title ; she didn t tell the students up front what it was, but the book was the recent (and acclaimed)  Black Man in a White Coat,  a black doctor s  reflections on race and medicine  (according to the subtitle). Shurtz s  costume incorporated a white doctor s lab coat, a stethoscope, black makeup on her face and hands, and a black curly wig resembling an afro.  The university report states that Shurtz  was inspired by this book and by the author, that she greatly admires [the author] and wanted to honor him, and that she dressed as the book because she finds it reprehensible that there is a shortage of racial diversity, and particularly of black men, in higher education. [ ] And this perceived offensiveness yielded a huge uproar at the law school. According to the report, the uproar was partly students  immediate reaction and partly a result of the administration s and other faculty members  discussing the matter extensively at school, including in classes.[ ] So we have speech, at a professor s home, but at a party to which she had invited her students, which in turn leads to speech by various people at the law school. (There s no doubt that wearing an expressive costume is treated as equivalent to speech under First Amendment  symbolic expression  purposes.) Some of both kinds of speech are interpreted as expressing offensive messages related to race. What does the university do about this?The university suspended Shurtz.It then released a report concluding that Shurtz s speech constituted  harassment,  which violates university policy. The harassment policy, the university report notes, bans conduct that creates a  hostile environment  based on  age, race, color, ancestry, national or ethnic origin, religion, service in the uniformed services (as defined in state and federal law), veteran status, sex, sexual orientation, marital or family status, pregnancy, pregnancy-related conditions, physical or mental disability, gender, perceived gender, gender identity, genetic information or the use of leave protected by state or federal law. Under the logic of the Oregon report, Volokh notes,  a faculty member could be disciplined for displaying the Mohammed cartoons, if it caused enough of a furor. Or a faculty member could be disciplined for suggesting that homosexuality may be immoral or dangerous. Or for stating that biological males who view themselves as female should be viewed as men, not as women. Or for suggesting that there are, on average, biological differences in temperament or talents between men and women. Check out the whole article here.READ MORE PC NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire PC Files",0
22300,Boiler Room #90 – Downtown Brown and The Loss & Curse of Celebrity,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Basil Valentine of The Sunday Wire Radio Show, Jay Dyer from Jay s Analysis and Stewart Howe of 21WRire and ACR for the 90th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the plants, put the kids to bed and get your favorite snuggy out so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Listen to  Boiler Room #90  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22301,EP #7: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with guest Shawn Helton – ‘Top Conspiracies of 2016’," Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 7 Top Conspiracies of 2016  Another year and another slew of incredible stories globally. The Orlando Nightclub Mass Shooting, the Dallas Cop Shooting, the Turkish Coup, the White Helmets, the Podesta Emails and the  fake news  crisis, and so many more. Which ones will be remembered as the biggest conspiracies of 2016?All this and more, as host Patrick Henningsen in joined by special guest Shawn Helton, investigative journalist and Associate Editor at 21stCenturyWire.com. Listen  END 1158 Download Link Download this podcast  END 1364 Download Link This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESREAD MORE CONSPIRACY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Conspiracy FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22302,Gingrich: Trump Will Repeal 60-70% of Obama’s Executive Orders,"21st Century Wire says In a recent interview former House Speaker, Newt Gingrich, told Fox that Trump will likely be vetoing out the majority of executive orders made by Obama.If we examine the mountain of executive orders that were penned under the Obama administration, we must wonder if Gingrich isn t making a good point and an accurate assessment about President Elect Trump s intentions with regards to his promise to  drain the swamp.  Obama had very little luck getting many of the draconian, unconstitutional policies his administration wanted to see enacted approved by Congress so he leaned heavily on Executive Orders to push policies and conflicts that would not have been approved by Congress otherwise.Perhaps this will be one of the early indicators of how serious Trump is about rolling back policies that have proven to be detrimental to Americans  RTUS President-elect Donald Trump may reverse up to 70 percent of President Barack Obama s executive orders, practically erasing the legacy of the first African-American head of state, Former House speaker Newt Gingrich told Fox. I think in the opening couple days, he s going to repeal 60 to 70 percent of Obama s legacy by simply vetoing out all of the various executive orders that Obama used because he couldn t get anything through Congress,  Gingrich said in an interview with  Sunday Morning Futures  on Fox Business..@newtgingrich:""[@realDonaldTrump's] going to repeal 60 or 70% of Obama's legacy by simply vetoing out all of the various executive orders."" pic.twitter.com/VCbxdUofbV  SundayMorningFutures (@SundayFutures) December 25, 2016Obama, who signed over 260 executive orders in his two terms in office, urged Trump, who will be inaugurated on January 20, not to circumvent Congress when trying to enact his agenda. Obama used his executive powers to push through labor, climate and immigration reforms after Congress refused to go along with his proposed programs.READ MORE:  US refusal to veto UN Israeli resolution symbolic gesture by lame duck Obama My suggestion to the president elect is, you know, going through the legislative process is always better, in part because it s harder to undo,  Obama told NPR last week.  In my first two years, I wasn t relying on executive powers because I had big majorities in   Congress and we   [were] able to get bills passed. Even after we lost the majorities in Congress, I bent over backward consistently to try to find compromise and a legislative solution to some of the big problems that we ve got. READ MORE:  We are rooting for his success : Obama on Trump victory as he urges smooth transitionObama noted that Trump is  entirely within his lawful power  to sign new executive orders and  if he wants to reverse some of those rules, that s part of the Democratic process. Gingrich believes that by exercising such power Trump will just sign Obama s legacy away. I think President Obama is beginning to figure out that his legacy is like one of those dolls that as the air comes out of it, it shrinks and shrinks and shrinks,  Gingrich said.During the election campaign Trump did promise to repeal Obama s initiatives, telling his voters in North Carolina in September that his administration would  eliminate every unconstitutional executive order and restore the rule of law to our land. That promise now seems a reality especially after Obama failed to honor his promise of a  smooth  transition to Trump after his victory. The rift between the future administration and Obama s office became apparent on Friday when the US abstained from voting at the UN Security Council, allowing an anti-Israeli settlement resolution to pass, despite a strong calls for Trump to  veto  the document. He [President Obama] is in this desperate frenzy. What he s actually doing is he s setting up a series of things to distract Trump, which will make his liberal allies feel good about Democrats and hate Republicans when Trump rolls them back,  Gingrich noted Continue this story at RTREAD MORE MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Files",0
22303,MEDIA TRIPWIRE? Ping Pong Pizza Conspiracy Propels Internet Censorship Amid ‘Fake News’ Witch-Hunt," Funny how secrets travel. I d start to believe, if I were to bleed.    Lyrics written by David Bowie from the album OutsideShawn Helton 21st Century Wire In the days before the US presidential election in November 2016, Wikileaks revealed a new string of emails connected to Hillary Clinton s 2016 campaign chairman, John Podesta. Online interpretations of the leaked Podesta email exchanges subsequently led to a digital firestorm on social media, producing an intense conspiratorial  open source investigation  still in search of its smoking gun. However, the phenomenon now known by its hashtag #Pizzagate has since set a number of tertiary events into motion. Is there a real story hidden amongst the debris of this online explosion?Is it possible that  open source investigators  were being led into a virtual cul-de-sac and thus missing the real story?More importantly, could people be playing into the hands of the very establishment they seek to depose?Let s investigate   SHOCK & AWE    Over the past month, the DC-based restaurant Comet Ping Pong, along with Besta Pizza (to a lesser degree Austin s East Side Pies) has been the subject of a peculiar internet-based conspiracy. (Photo Illustration Shawn Helton of 21WIRE)CONTEXT: Podesta Emails, False Hacks & ConspiracyWhile many of the leaked Podesta emails (including the really important one admitting that US partners Qatar and Saudi Arabia are giving funding and  logistical support  of ISIS) caused a major stir in the run-up to the 2016 Election, few Wikileaks releases have attracted more attention then the Podesta emails associated with the internet-based conspiracy dubbed  Pizzagate. In fact, since the release of the so-called  pizzagate  emails, a bundle of leaks and media reports associated with the Clintons political pay-for-play allegations, as well as the shocking admission regarding voter fraud from disgraced Democratic National committee consultant Robert Creamer prior to the 2016 presidential election, have all but disappeared from the mainstream narrative. Very convenient, if you are part of the Democratic Party establishment.Remember that all of this was taking place right after the mainstream media along with the White House, set the stage for a massive PR push implicating Russia as a disrupting force for evil in the US presidential election   allegedly through Kremlin-sponsored hacking of US democratic institutions and through  sophisticated Russian propaganda. In August, the western media s claims against Russia hit overdrive, when the  New York Times s Moscow bureau was the target of an attempted cyber attack this month. But so far, there is no evidence that the hackers, believed to be Russian, were successful. Flash forward to September here and here, as well as early October in the lead up to President Obama s Russian Hack decree, the Clinton-friendly outlet, the NY Times, had all but solidified the Russian cyber-hack claims   but once again, without any definitive evidence or proof.Throw in another American  October surprise  in the form distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks, renewed calls for the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) internet, led to so-called cyber experts blaming the largest  hack on America  because of the inability to pass SOPA   in effect, reigniting the previously stalled SOPA in Washington DC, along with all of its draconian copyright law positions   all perfectly timed as mainstream reports regarding  fake news suddenly became all the rage across all forms of media.The media clips on YouTube below illustrate the kind of duplicitous double speak regarding the  election rigging  that has become a hallmark of the Obama administration and establishment Washington Following 2016 s US presidential election cycle, a Russian election-hack-theory gained even more media traction, orbiting the political realm like a low-hanging fruit (propelled by President Obama and now the CIA, both conflicting with the FBI s assessment in October), dovetailing with the first grumblings that  fake news  had somehow decided the US presidential election in favor of one candidate, Donald Trump. These are serious accusations that have still failed to yield any solid forensic results from the intelligence community.Is this mere political gamesmanship, or is there more at work?Could this all be covering up and diverting the public away from some other explosive events?  LOLITA EXPRESS    In 2008, Jeffery Epstein was convicted of soliciting an underage girl for prostitution (Image Source: miamibeachadvocate.com)As internet researches battle with mainstream media over allegations in #Pizzagate, another potentially much bigger story became buried under the digital avalanche. If this is indeed the case, then who benefits?The  Lolita Express  ScandalSeemingly even more unsettling and disturbing in 2016, was the vastly underreported  Lolita Express  scandal swirling around the Clinton Campaign.In 2010, Jeffery Epstein, a billionaire hedge fund mogul who is also a member of the Trilateral Commission and the Council on Foreign Relations (as well as playing a role in the formation of the Clinton Global Initiative), effectively walked free even though a 53-page indictment could have landed him in prison for 20 years according to reports. Epstein s  Gatsbyesque  persona once described by New York magazine, has long since given way to a new profile as a convicted sex-offender  a superstar who was now condemned by a litany of legal troubles due to reports of ghastly serial abuse during the past decade.However, during this year s election cycle, coverage concerning new details associated with Epstein s private island, Little St. James, and allegations of sex slave entertainment enterprise there, was virtually buried by the US corporate media.The drop in wall-to-wall coverage from the tongue-tied mainstream media was most likely due to Epstein s close affiliation to former President Bill Clinton, who according flight manifests and other supporting evidence, took  at least 26 trips aboard the  Lolita Express    even apparently ditching his Secret Service detail for at least five of the flights, according to records obtained by FoxNews.com. It doesn t stop there either. Other high-profile names linked to the Epstein case included former Democratic governor Bill Richardson, Kurt Cobain widow Courtney Love, prominent celebrity lawyer, Israeli advocate and Harvard Law professor Alan Dershowitz, British royal Prince Andrew, former Israeli prime minister Ehud Barak, and even president-elect Donald Trump.  THE BLACK BOOK     Epstein flight records and  a little black book  paint a very intriguing picture. (Image Source: Gawker)Interestingly, the Epstein case was covered heavily by Gawker   a news outlets which is now facing bankruptcy following a defamation case won by Hulk Hogan (Terrence Gene Bollea) over the controversial publication of the wrestling icon s sex tape. Hogan s legal victory  took Gawker out  but could the real reason have been its Epstein coverage? Here s some of what Gawker said about the Epstein case: Donald Trump, Courtney Love, former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak, and uber-lawyer Alan Dershowitz may have been identified by a butler as potential  material witnesses  to pedophile billionaire Jeffrey Epstein s crimes against young girls, according to a copy of Epstein s little black book obtained by Gawker.An annotated copy of the address book, which also contains entries for Alec Baldwin, Ralph Fiennes, Griffin Dunne, New York Post gossip Richard Johnson, Ted Kennedy, David Koch, filmmaker Andrew Jarecki, and all manner of other people you might expect a billionaire to know, turned up in court proceedings after Epstein s former house manager Alfredo Rodriguez tried to sell it in 2009. About 50 of the entries, including those of many of Epstein s suspected victims and accomplices as well as Trump, Love, Barak, Dershowitz, and others, were circled by Rodriguez. (The existence of the book has been previously reported by the Daily Mail. Gawker is publishing it in full here for the first time; we have redacted addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, and the last names of individuals who may have been underage victims.)According to an FBI affidavit, Rodriguez described the address book and the information contained within it as the  Holy Grail  or  Golden Nugget  to unraveling Epstein s sprawling child-sex network. Epstein reportedly also had additional ties to Trump, with both men having on and off again been implicated in a separate Jane Doe  sexual assault lawsuit that was recently dropped in the US court system, apparently for a third time since 1994.The Washington Times discusses how other high-level clients allegedly used Epstein s services   including a member of the British royal family. The following passage is from a report filed in January of 2015: And even post-prison, Mr. Epstein kept up some of these high-profile relationships   leading to his most recent emergence in the news, which involves allegations that he provided Prince Andrew with sexual services from a then-17-year-old American girl, Virginia Roberts.Ms. Roberts, now 30, has filed a federal lawsuit in Florida against Mr. Epstein, alleging he forced her to serve as a  sex slave  and paid her $15,000 to perform sexual services for the prince, the New York Post reported. Here s Sean Stone from RT s Watching the Hawks interviewing Conchita Sarnoff, the Executive Director from The Alliance to Rescue Victims of Trafficking to discuss Epstein s heinous past Another strange turn in the Clinton Email scandal came late in the election, only days before voters went to the polls. Suddenly, it was revealed by media outlets that due to the investigation into the sexting scandal involving disgraced former U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner, (husband of chief Clinton aide Huma Abedine) FBI director James Comey would announce that the agency would be reopening the Clinton email probe.Interestingly, according to a recent interview with Breitbart News, Hillary Clinton herself was alleged to have taken 6 trips to Epstein s Little Saint James island, according to private security kingpin and Blackwater founder Erik Prince. Prior to the election and right after the FBI reopened its investigation into the Clintons (before promptly being shut down for a second time), the controversial mercenary made the extraordinary claim.It s important for readers to note how explosive this revelation truly was, and yet, not one word from either the mainstream media, or  alternative media,  outside of Breitbart and few other blogs, on this potentially devastating allegation. Prince asserted that the NYPD found  way more stuff  within the 650,000 recently scrutinized emails. The news reportedly sent shock waves into the upper echelon of the Democratic Party and the Clinton campaign   as the NYPD was said to have been ready to hand out indictments  into additional criminal activity, possibly involving money laundering and underage sex, among other illicit activity.Prince s commentary on the Democratic Party s apparent corruption was released around the same time as a batch of Podesta Emails that sent internet sleuths down a pizzagate rabbit hole. Prince s claim then seem to be grafted onto the pizzagate theory by some YouTube commentators, only without any actual concrete evidence.In early 2016, the embattled Blackwater (renamed Academi, and then Xe) founder Prince, was the subject of an inquiry that alleged he was involved in a major money laundering scheme with the Bank of China in Libya. In 2014, Prince supposedly setup  Frontier Services Group in 2014 with the help of major Chinese investment firm Citic Group. When you factor in how Prince himself became the subject of a major scandal and is now on the offensive, it s hard to know whether his claims are true or just a political ploy aimed at deflecting his own controversy. However, his claims do offer a dark view into a political party that has been in a downward spiral for several years.Wheat from the ChaffWith all of that in mind, for any true investigation to take place, the facts still need to be separated from what might only be innuendo and overt speculation.Other apparent conspiracies were also brought into the fold during the ascendency of #pizzagate, as social media users seemed to make some startling connections, although without a complete story. The lack of coherence of pizzagate allegations opened the door for some of the usual suspects to come in to steer the conversation away from some potentially damaging connections back to the Clintons. Establishment gatekeeper publication The Daily Beast reported the following in the passage below: Written by user  PleadingtheYiff,  the post attempts to link the Clinton campaign to Laura Silsby, an Idaho missionary who served a six-month prison sentence in Haiti after the organization she founded, New Life Children s Refuge, attempted to transport 33 Haitian children to the Dominican Republic after the 2010 Haiti earthquake.The user s primary proof of links between the Clintons and Silsby:  Huma Abedin was constantly forwarding Hillary articles on this woman s organization.  The post provides no email sent from Clinton to Abedin regarding the incident.The theory then includes a major error. One of the first things Hillary did when she took over the scene in Haiti was to get Laura off the hook,  PleadingtheYiff writes, then links to a website called  AboveTopSecret.com. Silsby wasn t freed and instead remained incarcerated in Haiti, where she faced trial and was found guilty. The nine other missionaries jailed alongside her were freed. Is it possible that the Laura Silsby case was buried under endless collateral damage from pizzagate?With even more damning American conspiracies in 2016, such as the DNC fraud, violent protests funded by George Soros, or the Pentagon paying PR firm Bell Pottinger $540 million to produce fake terror videos, in addition to the Lolita Express revelations concerning the Clintons in particular, you have to wonder whether the pizzagate theory was an unintended coincidence or if it was yet another socially engineered agenda that masked other media stories.What s most obvious, however, is how the pizzagate story and spin-off controversies appear to have obfuscated other real criminality contained within the Podesta email leaks, while providing a media smoke screen for the conspiracies mentioned directly above.In the article below we ll take another look at the pizzagate phenomena (along with Comet Ping Pong s gunman story, in addition to one of Washington DC s most notorious scandals) and how the events surrounding the online conspiracy, could be used to shape new censorship protocols in the wake of US media s witch-hunt for  fake news  sites   LEAKED    John Podesta former chairman for Hillary Clinton s 2016 presidential campaign, pictured with Clinton chief aid Huma Abedin on the Clinton campaign jet. Spirit Cooking & #Pizzagate: A Media-Driven Psy-Op?Within the contents of the controversial Podesta dispatch by Wikileaks in early November, there appeared to be a distressing email chain between Tony Podesta, a top Democratic lobbyist of the Podesta Group (brother of John Podesta, Hillary Clinton s campaign chairman) and a New York City-based Serbian performance artist named Marina Abramovic.The 2015 email exchange between Tony Podesta and Marina Abramovic (image, left) drew a sharp outcry from users on social media platforms like Twitter and Reddit, after the email conversation revealed a dinner party involving a performance art-based ritual calling for the use of real human blood and bodily fluids, referred to as  spirit cooking.   While Abramovic s occult-influenced art could be seen as sick and deeply disturbing to many, and even degenerate depravity to some   it s important to emphasize there was nothing criminal about her email with Tony Podesta or her dark creations captured on video from as early as two decades ago.The origins of Abramovic s spirit cooking appeared to some researchers to be linked directly to Aleister Crowley s, Thelma religion. This prompted some alternative media outlets to link to Everpedia as their primary source to explain the  truth  behind spirit cooking. The internet-based conspiracy ultimately led to increased speculation, turbo-charging even more spurious connections.Another major magnet for pizzagate researchers was Abramovic s book published in 1997, the self-proclaimed  grandmother  of performance art released a book entitled  Spirit Cooking with essential aphrodisiac recipes,   a rare book that contained a sequence of etchings and perverted recipes.As theories about spirit cooking exploded on social media, a series of Podesta emails were leaked containing what had been thought to be coded language concealing an elite underground child sex ring, according some quasi-investigative online sites and mega forums, citing 4chan and Reddit posts.In addition, it appears that a series of emails released by Wikileaks, here and here, are partially what led to one man, James Alefantis, owner of Comet Ping Pong, to become the central pizzagate antagonist. The fact that Alefantis is listed as one of DC s top 50 most influential people   only fuelled speculation that the internet case was  a slam dunk. Social media inquisitors shared pictures from the Instagram account of Alefantis (now blocked to the public) and other friends and contacts linked with him, in an attempt to conclude a vast conspiracy. While many of these images appeared disturbing in the context of the two conspiracies mentioned above, the images themselves did not prove any actual crime had taken place.As the conspiracy deepened, symbols from the Washington DC restaurant/venue Comet Ping Pong (derived from its menu and logo, as well as other pizza restaurants), in addition to apparent coded Podesta emails, sparked an outcry on social media as the symbols used appeared to mimic those according to a Wikileaks release supposedly from the FBI. The apparent leaked release from the FBI disclosed certain markers in sex trafficking and abuse cases. While there might be similarities in the graphics observed at Comet Ping Pong and nearby Besta Pizza, the evidence is still purely circumstantial and certainly nothing conclusively linking the DC-based pizzerias to any abuse ring. Internet trawlers also claimed to have unearthed photos of the digging of a secret basement-dungeon underneath Comet Ping Pong   a claim which later turned out to be false.Note that this one planted detail in the pizzagate story   the evocative image a  secret basement  reserved for child torture and abuse   sent this story into orbit. This is one example of how one or two simple details injected into a storyline can inflame the narrative and motivate forum users beyond what any real forensic investigation could, by creating a virtual crusade.In fact, it was revealed that  Comet uses a low-slung refrigerator at Buck s Fishing & Camping, Mr. Alefantis s other restaurant two doors down on the same block, to store produce, cheese and proofing dough.   (See left photo by Cecilia Kang)It s worth noting that 4chan was also behind one of the most speculative claims surrounding MH370, a story that allegedly involved the patent holders of the tech company Freescale Semiconductor which turned out to be false. Conversely, 4chan has provided some valuable crowd-sourced information, like in the wake of the 2013 Boston Bombing when 4chan users posted a number of photos indicating the presence of other operatives involved in the event   a point totally blacked-out by US authorities and media.Interestingly, the 4chan website is said to be  struggling to survive  financially in part because of increased users driven by viral and clickbait-like material like pizzagate.Through hyper-speculative and often misleading information spread by social media users, the pizzagate narrative took shape Media TripwireAs the US media brushed off the perceived content of the Podesta emails mentioned above, a ground swell of speculation, hyperbole and unsubstantiated claims filled the vacuum online, as enthusiasm continued unabated.It s also important to recognize that one of the main propellers of the initial Pizzagate story was a popular disinformation website called Your News Wire, who regularly feed the public with completely fake news stories online which get propagated through social media. This website has successfully managed to fool many online readers because it will regularly mix real news articles in with its many invented stories. A viral fake story like this would have netted  Your News Wire  tens of thousands of dollars in ad click revenue.BuzzFeed reports: On Oct. 30, a white supremacy Twitter account that presents itself as belonging to a Jewish lawyer in New York tweeted that the NYPD was looking into evidence that emails from Anthony Weiner s laptop contained evidence of Clinton involvement in an  international child enslavement ring. The next day, Oct. 31, Sean Adl-Tabatabai, who used to work with British conspiracy theorist David Icke, took note of the message board post and the tweet. He wrote a post for his site, YourNewsWire.com. His story took another step by claiming an  FBI insider  had confirmed the claims. Where did this this new FBI source come from? Adl-Tabatabai cited a thread on a 4chan message board from back in July. That thread started when an anonymous user invited questions after describing themself as  a person with intimate knowledge of the inner workings of the Clinton case.  (Adl-Tabatabai did not respond to questions sent to him by BuzzFeed News.) By this point, the story became a viral ball of fire, and there was no stopping it.You have to wonder if the spirit cooking/pizzagate emails, might have been used as a tripwire by the establishment to initiate increased internet censorship, a story that has gathered a big boost from highly speculative ideas pasted together by various social media personalities on YouTube and then codified by large popular  alt-media  outlets like Infowars.com here and here, who levied unconfirmed allegations at Comet Ping Pong restaurant and other private businesses in an affluent area of Washington DC.Few conspiracies in recent years have generated as much public outrage, scrutiny and intense speculation. However, we should question the timing of this conspiracy as it relates to the cyber censorship on the table following the  fake news  crisis.The BBC stated the following after a Podesta email thread leaked in November, mentioned the Alefantis connection: In early November, as Wikileaks steadily released piles of emails from Clinton s campaign chairman John Podesta, one contact caught the attention of prankster sites and people on the paranoid fringes.James Alefantis is the owner of Comet Ping Pong, a pizza restaurant in Washington. He s also a big Democratic Party supporter and raised money for both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. He was once in a relationship with David Brock, an influential liberal operative.Alefantis   who s never met Clinton   appeared in the Podesta emails in connection with the fundraisers. Other claims attached to the pizzagate theory included a link to a tweet from the deceased investigative reporter, Andrew Breitbart. The pizzagate theory seemed to gather steam from this screenshot of an alleged Breitbart tweet below   but is there more to the story?Upon reviewing the origins of the Breitbart tweet now intertwined with the pizzagate theory, there appears to be some contention about what Breitbart might have been referencing. Here s the political blog Hot Air on the matter: It s a classic Andrew Tweet. His abbreviations, his invention of words ( cover-upperer ) tells me that this was probably Andrew s work. I never really knew him to allow anyone to Tweet on his behalf but I suppose it s possible at some point he did so without my knowledge. So, for our discussion let s stipulate that it was Andrew who sent this out. What is he talking about? Anyone who knew Andrew well and worked closely in his sphere and knew what he would talk and Tweet about with regard to  underage sex slave(s)  and John Podesta, knows exactly what he is referring to: ACORN If you don t remember James O Keefe, Hanna Giles and the ACORN story that broke on Andrew s Big Government website in 2009, here s a quick description via Wikipedia, which has a lot of bogus takes on the story, but this brief description is correct: In July and August 2009, Giles and O Keefe visited ACORN offices in Baltimore, Washington, D.C., Brooklyn, San Bernardino, San Diego, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, and Miami. Giles dressed as a prostitute, while O Keefe wore white khakis with a blue dress shirt and/or tie and claimed to be her boyfriend. Giles and O Keefe recorded the encounters using hidden cameras and pretended to be seeking advice on how to run an illegal business that included the use of underage girls in the sex trade. The article goes on to state that the ACORN saga, which had been instrumental in Breitbart s rise in media, had been in some aspect involved an underage abuse story due to the undercover work of James O keefe and Hannah Giles.  STRANGE DAYS    Comet Ping Pong resides in a quiet affluent DC neighborhood. (Image Source: chicago sun-times)The Comet Ping Pong GunmanIn early December, 28 year-old actor Edgar Maddison Welch was arrested by authorities after reportedly discharging a rifle inside Alefantis s Comet Ping Pong restaurant. Welch had been apparently  self-investigating  Comet Ping Pong, the pizzeria at the epicenter of a shocking conspiracy asserting that the establishment is somehow allegedly involved in an expansive child trafficking abuse ring.Welch s background may have raised a few eyebrows of those who have chronicled the profiles of various gunman in recent years (such as his acting/film production past documented on IMDB), he was also recently involved in a major traffic accident in October, badly injuring a young teenager, potentially impacting his state of mind, as well as being exposed in a potential criminal case.While 21WIRE has outlined the possibility of informants being used in shooting events in the past   usually those individuals have had a lengthy criminal past with multiple links to government, military and sometimes the entertainment industry   Welch doesn t entirely fit this typical mold of a convict turned informant or agent provocateur.Perhaps there s another answer The online site Heavy.com released the following information regarding Welch s father and his work preventing child abductions: Harry Welch Jr. is a former police officer, firearms instructor and expert witness on firearms, according to his IMDB profile. He also writes that his family has hosted foster children and has worked to prevent child abuse.He was,  elected President of the North Carolina Crime Stoppers Association (two terms). Served as Executive Director for Protect-A-Child, a national, non-profit organization to prevent abuse and abduction of children. Appointed by Governor Jim Martin to the Governor s Commission on Child Victimization. Was Welch under psychological duress following his recent car accident, feeding into other aspects of his life, such as his father s work to prevent child abuse, then motivated into action by an online conspiracy?Although it s difficult to accurately gauge Welch s true motivation, some YouTube personalities absolutely contend that his involvement was scripted    to smear the a new burgeoning  pizzagate research community  online. Additionally, some researchers cite Welch s relief visit to Haiti in 2010, as absolute  proof of a hoax  because alleged Clinton Foundation ties to human trafficking in Haiti   claims that have to this date, have yet to be completely proven.This part of the pizzagate conspiracy gained steam when Monica Petersen, an activist for sex-worker rights, who over the summer was working for  Claude d Estree, the executive director of the Human Trafficking Center at the University of Denver,  apparently died of a suicide in mid November while in Haiti. However, at the time the circumstances of her death were not entirely clear, which led to intense speculation not grounded in fact. If there was evidence of foul play, certainly this could be investigated as part of a possible cover-up, especially during such a hotly contested US election involving the Clintons   but until that issue is resolved, any talk of  proof  of a wider conspiracy is still just that, talk.The Petersen tragedy was then grafted onto the pizzagate story The Washington Post reported the following, according to executive director d Estree:  Petersen had gone to Haiti a number of times, but she was not there to research human trafficking and was not investigating the Clinton Foundation. He said she had been a  brilliant  research fellow, working the past two years to produce a still unpublished article that critiqued a controversial book on the business of sex trafficking by Siddharth Kara. Unfortunately, Petersen s story got packaged with allegations of a Clinton trafficking conspiracy that was then interwoven within the pizzagate theory and on the same day Welch walked into Comet Ping Pong, the widely-known site Infowars.com  posted a YouTube video titled  Haiti PIZZAGATE: Death of Child Trafficking Investigator,  without actually confirming the full details surrounding Petersen s death. Everpedia, one of the first websites to explain the details of spirit cooking, appeared to also fan the flames of an alleged conspiracy surrounding Petersen s death.An ABC News release below disclosed the full details regarding Welch s apparent criminal activity at Comet Ping Pong: At around 3 p.m., he arrived at the restaurant, where witnesses say they saw Welch holding an assault rifle across his chest, according to the complaint. As he moved toward the back of the restaurant, employees and customers fled the building.As everyone was fleeing, Welch encountered an employee returning from the back freezer, according to court documents. The employee said Welch pointed the AR-15 rifle in his direction, the documents state, but Welch denied raising the firearm at the employee.After the customers and employees left the restaurant, police created a perimeter around it, and at about 3:24 p.m. Welch exited the building with his hands in the air, complying with officers. The story continued, with the following description: At one point he said he encountered a locked door and attempted to open it with a butter knife, the complaint says. When that didn t work, he fired shots at the lock with his AR-15, documents say. Here s a screen shot of Welch s incident report MSM Fake News Witch-HuntFor the mainstream media, pizzagate was the gift that just kept on giving.Following Welch s encounter inside Comet Ping Pong, the conspiracy known as  pizzagate  has fallen into the manipulative hands of the corporate mainstream media, now castigating  speculative alternative media outlets,  which in-turn gave legs to the already convoluted  fake news witch-hunt being waged by mainstream media   specifically aimed at independent outlets and blogs that regularly produce insightful critical analysis.Additionally, since the spirit cooking and pizzagate theories were merging, there has been no solid evidence linking the restaurant to anything criminal, yet the theories continue to persist online, implicating private citizens in what is at this point a  victimless  crime. This has made alternative media an easy target for mainstream media and politicians calling for more  control  over social media content to help stop waht mainstream pundits were now describing as pizzagate s own campaign online abuse and  internet bullying  against Comet Ping Pong s owner and staff.From a legal stand point, the pizzagate conspiracy could also potentially lead to a court case against the root cause of certain defamatory allegations and apparent death threats   as Alefantis and other shop owners are private citizens and not public figures. This is something to consider when presenting any possible theory directly implicating an individual in a major felony. Unless there exists a real forensic smoking gun, or a whistleblower willing to come forward then there is no  case    only speculation which could be construed as libel and defamation without any supporting evidence.While the internet has zeroed-in on pizzeria-based conspiracies over the past two months, it s important to remember that Washington has had a long dark history linked to illicit prostitution and sex trafficking   including at least two such expansive cases that reached all the way to the White House   DISGRACED    Former US Congressman Barney Frank. Frank did not seek re-lection in 2012 after he was found to have engineered a $12 million TARP bailout for OneUnited Bank. (Image Source: businessinsider.com)Washington s Silence: Congressman Frank s  Call Boys In 2011, Democratic Congressman Barney Frank, decided not to seek re-election. While much of the mainstream media waxed poetic about his 30-year career, there was virtually no mention of his involvement in one of the most notable DC scandals over the past three decades.In 1989, it was discovered that Frank s then boyfriend Stephen Gobie (who the US representative once solicited for an $80 dollar sexual encounter) had been running a prostitution ring out of Congressman Frank s Capitol Hill apartment   according to Gobie, Barney Frank was fully aware of the operation.Here s a passage from a Business Insider article from 2011 that describes one of DC s darkest scandals that is barely mentioned by media outlets to this day: Reuters didn t mention it. The New York Times didn t bring it up. The Guardian didn t note it either. The Washington Post got to it in the 17th paragraph.In 1989 it was discovered that Barney Frank s boyfriend, Stephen Gobie, whom Frank had once hired as a male prostitute, was running a male-brothel out of the Congressman s home. Frank claimed he did not know about the prostitution ring in his home, but he did use the power of his office to  fix  33 tickets for Gobie. And he knowingly wrote a misleading letter to Gobie s probation officer in Virginia. Frank received a  reprimand  for fixing the tickets. Gobie maintained that Frank knew about the prostitution ring operation in his home. Even writers who were absolutely untroubled by the openly homosexual lawmaker in 1989 thought that Frank should have resigned. Or they at least acknowledged that there was an abuse of his office. Additionally, the Washington Post reported that Gobie  maintained a relationship with Gabriel A. Massaro, the principal of Chevy Chase Elementary School, and used an office at the school in late 1987 to make telephone calls and have one client meet a prostitute. While Massaro was placed on administrative leave, the conspiracy deepened as the Washington Post followed up the breaking story providing the following details: With Congress in recess, it s too soon to tell if the Massachusetts Democrat will weather his admission that he paid Gobie for sex, hired him as a personal aide and wrote letters on congressional stationary to the convicted felon s probation officer. Shockingly, the scandal continued to persist as the investigation led to other political inquiries. Frank s scandal appeared to overlap and dovetail with another disturbing ring that reached all the way to the White House during the Reagan-Bush era.The Franklin Cover-upThe Barney Frank scandal indeed followed another appalling and chilling scandal dubbed the  Franklin Cover-up.  The shocking case involving Omaha, Nebraska s Franklin Credit Union employee named Lawrence King, who looted his employer to the tune of $38 million dollars. Here s a Washington Post article from 1990 on the matter: Lawrence E. King Jr., everyone now agrees, had a remarkable knack for stretching a dollar. On a salary of $16,200 a year, the credit union manager drove a $70,000 white Mercedes   and still could afford to spend $10,000 a month on limousines. His credit card charges topped $1 million, he owned a four-story house on 26 acres overlooking the Missouri River, and his floral bill alone came to $146,000 during a fragrant, 13-month period in 1987-88. While King s embezzlement was troublesome, it paled into comparison to a wider charge of trafficking and abuse levied at the credit union manager. The Post continued, outlining the awful truth about the abuse tied to King, in a group called the Franklin Five: In June 1988, a social worker at a mental hospital in Omaha reported allegations of possible child abuse to the Nebraska Foster Care Review Board, an agency that monitors the placement of several thousand children in the state.The board subsequently asked Omaha police and the state attorney general to investigate possible  child exploitation,  a  child prostitution ring  and  inappropriate activities by Larry King. More evidence in the same report revealed the following: 21 hours of videotaped testimony from three new witnesses, all in their early twenties, who said that, as minors, they had been victims of physical and sexual abuse. The book entitled The Franklin Cover-up, by former Nebraska state Senator and lawyer, John De Camp, chronicled a case that implicated politicians, judges, those in the military, police, as well as members of the intelligence community in the subsequent abduction of numerous children over the course of many years.Lawrence King was eventually convicted on charges of theft from the Franklin Credit Union and ordered to pay damages to Paul Bonacci for the apparent abuse he suffered during his abduction. Bonacci later told investigators he had participated in the abduction of Johnny Gosch, but according to (Polk County Attorney John Sarcone ) The Des Moines Resgister,  Bonacci has said he took part in Johnny Gosch s abduction, but Sarcone said investigators concluded any involvement by Bonacci was not credible. Here s a short summary of the disturbing case below: On February 5, 1999, in U.S. District Court in Lincoln, Nebraska, an extraordinary hearing occurred in Paul A. Bonacci v. Lawrence E. King, a civil action in which the plaintiff charged that he had been ritualistically abused by the defendant, as part of a nationwide pedophile ring linked to powerful political figures in Washington and to elements of the U.S. military and intelligence establishment. Three weeks later, on February 27, Judge Warren K. Urbom ordered King, who is currently in Federal prison, to pay $1 million in damages to Bonacci, in what Bonacci s attorney John DeCamp said was a clear signal that  the evidence presented was credible. The Frank and Franklin conspiracies outlined above sent shock waves through the establishment in Washington, and while it is possible we are seeing another trafficking cover-up happening again today, one should consider that thus far, there have been no victims found to have been abused regarding Comet Ping Pong or any other business wrapped up within the online pizzagate theory.A Franklin Cover-up documentary called  Conspiracy of Silence  was made and allegedly pulled from circulation following the fallout from a case that also implicated the Catholic founded non-profit orphanage, Boys Town.In a related scandal exposed in 2002, The Boston Globe s Spotlight Team  first revealed that the leader of the Catholic Church in Boston, Cardinal Bernard Law, allowed one of his priests to continue working even though Law knew that Fr. John Geoghan had spent his career sexually assaulting children. The story became so huge, that it led to more than 250 priests being publicly named in abuse allegations, covering some 100 cities in the US and another 100 globally. In 2015, Hollywood released the film Spotlight, which chronicled the tales of abuse.Similarly in the UK, over the past few years, an investigation into the Jimmy Savile abuse scandal  was compounded by BBC s own cover-up of the serious claims. The Savile scandal and cover-up featured many whistleblowers and victims coming forward, and also showed a high degree of cover-up at the police department level as well.While observing the connective aspects of various scandals, DC s political scene has also revealed some telling business and establishment links which raise even more interesting questions   MEDIA MACHINE    Democratic political operative David Brock. (Image Source: twitter)There are some interesting aspects of pizzagate which have been almost untouched by internet sleuths.Below we ll take a look at George Soros-funded Media Matters and its director David Brock and examine his past connections and tangential links to both Barney Frank and James Alefantis Media Matters  & Political PlotsIn 1997, political operative David Brock was once a right-wing media hit-man so to speak, writing conservative op-ed s taking on college campus  marxists  and was an investigative reporter for the weekly news magazine Insight on the News (published by The Washington Times). Some time later, Brock became a Democratic political operative and Soros righthand man at Media Matters.Some reports also claim that Brock (seen on the left with Barney Frank) joined on with Sidney Blumenthal and the Clintons simply over money   but others suggest a different tale   one that took place during the course of Brock completing a somewhat strange book entitled  The Seduction of Hillary Clinton,  which deflected controversies aimed at the Clintons and took a softball approach to Hillary s political evolution.Over the years, many critics have questioned Brock s hidden Washington past and his unlikely political evolution Blackmail? Brock, Grey & AlefantisIn 2012, FOX NEWS revealed the following, as Media Matters chief David Brock paid a former domestic partner $850,000 after being threatened with damaging information involving the organization s donors and the IRS   a deal that Brock later characterized as a blackmail payment, according to legal documents obtained by FoxNews.com. Brock s bitter separation from William Grey led to accusations of blackmail and harassment: In an acrimonious lawsuit settled at the end of last year, Brock accused William Grey of making repeated threats to expose him to the  scorn or ridicule of his employees, donors and the press in demanding money and property.  Brock claimed in legal papers that he sold a Rehoboth Beach, Del., home he once shared with Grey in order to meet Grey s demands, which he called  blackmail  in the lawsuit. Brock s legal trouble with Grey appeared to be the result of a severed relationship after 10 years, with Brock ending the relationship, he began dating Washington, D.C., restaurant impresario James Alefantis,  according to reports.Considering how Brock and Grey s end played out according to court records revealed by the media, one might consider that this latest DC drama unfolding in the form of pizzagate, could also be the result of bad-jacketing (as suggested by the blog auticulture) after a bitter love triangle involving the trio   in the lead up to one of the most contentious US presidential elections in history.According to Ward Churchill s,  Agents of Repression: The FBI s Secret Wars Against the Black Panther Party and the American Indian Movement: Snitch-jacketing or bad-jacketing refers to the practice creating suspicion   through the spread of rumors, manufacture of evidence etc Bad-jacketing had been a technique employed by the FBI under their program COINTELPRO.Domestically in America, the FBI created the counter-intelligence program known as COINTELPRO, to influence, disrupt and coerce political factions from the inside out, infiltrating countless political groups and movements. According to reports these included the following,  The Black Panther Party, The Communist Party of America, the Ku Klux Klan, the Socialist Workers Party, the New Left, the Students for a Democratic Society, the American Indian Movement, the Chicano Movement, the Puerto Rican Liberation Movement, Communist groups, anti-war organizations, Hollywood stars sympathetic to these groups, and civil rights leaders. Between 1956 and 1971 the FBI s controversial program influenced and radicalized hundreds of left-wing and right-wing groups to control and neutralize political dissidents across America. No part of politics was immune to COINTELPRO.Is it possible that a DC love triangle that once involved Brock, Grey & Alefantis, led to a PR-driven form (as a part of Brock s Correct the Record or something else) of bad-jacketing which then cascaded through the Democratic Party elite, ultimately taking its triangle shape   through the use of pizzagate and others? MEDIA CONTROL    (Photo illustration redesigned by 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Censorship & the  Fake News  Witch-HuntIn early November, just prior to the US presidential election, CNN published an article stating the following: A recent BuzzFeed study of  hyperpartisan Facebook pages  found that these pages  are consistently feeding their millions of followers false or misleading information. Three weeks later in a republished article written by Robert Parry from Consortium News, it was disclosed that major media companies had been heavily involved in pushing the fake news meme, citing many election-based posts made online as the culprit: In its lead editorial on Sunday, The New York Times decried what it deemed  The Digital Virus Called Fake News  and called for Internet censorship to counter this alleged problem, taking particular aim at Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg for letting  liars and con artists hijack his platform. Below is a passage from a recent report filed at 21WIRE discussing the fake news witch-hunt, which has now led to new calls for internet censorship: Over the past month, The Washington Post published an irresponsible propaganda piece that blamed the 2016 US election results on  fake news  dispensed via sophisticated Russian propaganda. These accusations of course were completely unfounded, deliberately feeding into a paranoid trial by media format that is no doubt echoed by US government sock puppet accounts that act as a digital firing squad by redirecting public perception.While the US mainstream media contends that  fake news  somehow altered the 2016 presidential election cycle, it s important to remember that the US government has some pedigree here, having been behind the creation of bogus social media accounts and personalities for years now.Back in 2011, The UK s Guardian reported that the US government via CENTCOM, was looking to gain a foothold over information shared on the internet through fake online personal accounts: The discovery that the US military is developing false online personalities   known to users of social media as  sock puppets    could also encourage other governments, private companies and non-government organisations to do the same.The Centcom contract stipulates that each fake online persona must have a convincing background, history and supporting details, and that up to 50 US-based controllers should be able to operate false identities from their workstations  without fear of being discovered by sophisticated adversaries . This is just one example. Who really knows how widespread this practice is.You can expect a litany of allegations to continue from the mainstream, along with their faux war on fake news sites which has been used deliberately to discredit and frame genuine investigative analysis in alternative media, its intended target. Western media s anti-Russian hyperbole has morphed and broadened somewhat, thanks to Facebook, Google and Twitter and the alphabet establishment news agencies, Washington has a new go-to scapegoat joining the tired old Russian  hack  meme   independent media. SEE ALSO: Washington Post Sloppy  Journalism  Blames Russia for  Fake News  Crisis and Trump s Win, While Pushing Neo-McCarthyismIt appears as though there has been a coordinated effort to combine the latest run of conspiracies in America, whether it s the fake news meme, the  Russian election-hack  meme or pizzagate    they all seem to be have been used to undermine key aspects of internet freedom.Below is an interview with James Alefantis featured on Megyn Kelly s Kelly File discussing the highly speculative pizzagate theory. During Kelly s interview, the focus centered around unsubstantiated claims levied at the business owner and his place of business Here s a very detailed analysis provided by researcher David Icke discussing the multi-layered theories wrapped up in the pizzagate conspiracy and its relation to censorship and so-called  fake news In ConclusionThe overtly conspiracy-tinged pizzagate theory, emerged like a hydra out of sub-Reddit and 4chan threads and Twitter posts, while catapulting only the most sensational aspects into the mainstream matrix. The story conjures many Hollywood and government tales of cover-up, murder, abuse and deception throughout history.The perceived presence of a politically charged Satanic sex-cult intertwined within a paedophilic abuse ring, seemed to have only enhanced the narrative for many internet-sleuths, who in some cases, held steadfast to a biased guilt-by-association meme   even in the absence of any known victims, and without any forensic evidence or any eye-witness testimony of a crime.This is not to suggest that VIP child sex rings and ritual abuse cases do not exist in America. One such murder spree, known as the  Son of Sam  case, was reopened in part due to evidence of Satanic cult activity and multiple offenders. Although the findings were suspended, the case was never officially closed.While people should certainly have the ability to express their opinion about pizzagate without shame or ridicule, using biased, misleading or fraudulent information (in some cases dispensing defamatory or threatening remarks) in a rapid-fire echo chamber, could ultimately undermine any legitimate investigation if there truly was a crime committed here, or elsewhere. If that is the ultimate legacy of pizzagate, then it is a devastating self-inflicted wound for the alternative media.While it s true that sites like Reddit and Twitter could cite the 1996 Communications Decency Act, as a protection for hosting defamatory information posts by users, there could be real consequences for those deliberately posting defamatory content with no real evidence to substantiate such allegations.Another risk with a whirlwind like this, is that it would be very easy for an agent provocateur to post a slick YouTube video or craft an article   with the intention of whipping-up a storm that could be used to damage independent media as a whole. It s very possible that this has already happened at some point over the life of the internet, and it s certain that the powers that be will use this tactic again in the future.Above all however, it s important to separate the fallout from the pizzagate story and other fake news allegations, as those in mainstream media such as The New York Times, The Washington Post and the self-anointed  fact checker Snopes.com, seem to have propped up this pizzeria conspiracy as a battle cry to introduce the idea of new internet censorship protocols.It s anybody s guess what will be the final outcome of the #Pizzagate phenomenon, but for the moment, it seems to have collapsed under the weight of its own mountain of digital ash. Maybe that was the idea. READ MORE MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22304,2017 NDAA: Obama Signs “Countering Disinformation and Propaganda Act”,"21st Century Wire says In typical NDAA signing fashion, Obama signed the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) quietly and with little fan fare as Americans are distracted by the mholiday festivities. What dirty tricks can we expect to see in the 2017 NDAA? Coming from the policy makers that struck down the Smith Mundt Act and legalized indefinite detention of Americans in past iterations, we re sure it can t be benign this year. The Hypocrisy of legalizing propaganda (overturning the Smith Mundt Act) then creating an act to counter propaganda: What are we to make of this new  Countering Disinformation and Propaganda Act  included in the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act? The politicians and the mainstream media outlets have shown their cards yet again with a massive contradiction in policy. In one iteration of the NDAA policy makers overturn Smith Mundt thereby legalizing state sponsored propaganda to be used on the citizens of the United States and in the latest iteration we see the NDAA include an act to counter disinformation and propaganda. We can easily make the connection that in the wake of the  Fake News  hash tag war that has been unleashed upon independent media, with FaceBook partnering with government sponsored  Fact Checking  sites and algorithms being put in place to remove so-called  Fake News  from social media feeds, that this latest addition to the NDAA does not bode well for independent media and has massive potential to be abused for political purposes.  Tyler Durden Zero HedgeLate on Friday, with the US population embracing the upcoming holidays and oblivious of most news emerging from the administration, Obama quietly signed into law the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) which authorizes $611 billion for the military in 2017.In a statement, Obama said that:Today, I have signed into law S. 2943, the  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017.  This Act authorizes fiscal year 2017 appropriations principally for the Department of Defense and for Department of Energy national security programs, provides vital benefits for military personnel and their families, and includes authorities to facilitate ongoing operations around the globe. It continues many critical authorizations necessary to ensure that we are able to sustain our momentum in countering the threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and to reassure our European allies, as well as many new authorizations that, among other things, provide the Departments of Defense and Energy more flexibility in countering cyber-attacks and our adversaries  use of unmanned aerial vehicles. Much of the balance of Obama s statement blamed the GOP for Guantanamo s continued operation and warned that  unless the Congress changes course, it will be judged harshly by history,  Obama said. Obama also said Congress failed to use the bill to reduce wasteful overhead (like perhaps massive F-35 cost overruns?) or modernize military health care, which he said would exacerbate budget pressures facing the military in the years ahead.But while the passage of the NDAA   and the funding of the US military   was hardly a surprise, the biggest news is what was buried deep inside the provisions of the Defense Authortization Act.Recall that as we reported in early June,  a bill to implement the U.S.  very own de facto Ministry of Truth had been quietly introduced in Congress. As with any legislation attempting to dodge the public spotlight the Countering Foreign Propaganda and Disinformation Act of 2016 marks a further curtailment of press freedom and another avenue to stultify avenues of accurate information. Introduced by Congressmen Adam Kinzinger and Ted Lieu, H.R. 5181 seeks a  whole-government approach without the bureaucratic restrictions  to counter  foreign disinformation and manipulation,  which they believe threaten the world s  security and stability. Also called the Countering Information Warfare Act of 2016 (S. 2692), when introduced in March by Sen. Rob Portman, the legislation represents a dramatic return to Cold War-era government propaganda battles.  These countries spend vast sums of money on advanced broadcast and digital media capabilities, targeted campaigns, funding of foreign political movements, and other efforts to influence key audiences and populations,  Portman explained, adding that while the U.S. spends a relatively small amount on its Voice of America, the Kremlin provides enormous funding for its news organization, RT. Surprisingly,  Portman continued,  there is currently no single U.S. governmental agency or department charged with the national level development, integration and synchronization of whole-of-government strategies to counter foreign propaganda and disinformation. Long before the  fake news  meme became a daily topic of extensive conversation on such discredited mainstream portals as CNN and WaPo, H.R. 5181 would task the Secretary of State with coordinating the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Broadcasting Board of Governors to  establish a Center for Information Analysis and Response,  which will pinpoint sources of disinformation, analyze data, and   in true dystopic manner    develop and disseminate   fact-based narratives  to counter effrontery propaganda.In short, long before  fake news  became a major media topic, the US government was already planning its legally-backed crackdown on anything it would eventually label  fake news. * * *Fast forward to December 8, when the  Countering Disinformation and Propaganda Act  passed in the Senate, quietly inserted inside the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) Conference Report.And now, following Friday s Obama signing of the NDAA on Friday evening, the Countering Disinformation and Propaganda Act is now law.* * *Here is the full statement issued by the generously funded Senator Rob Portman (R- Ohio) on the singing into law of a bill that further chips away at press liberties in the US, and which sets the stage for future which hunts and website shutdowns, purely as a result of an accusation that any one media outlet or site is considered as a source of  disinformation and propaganda  and is shut down by the government.President Signs Portman-Murphy Counter-Propaganda Bill into LawPortman-Murphy Bill Promotes Coordinated Strategy to Defend America, Allies Against Propaganda and Disinformation from Russia, China & OthersU.S. Senators Rob Portman (R-OH) and Chris Murphy (D-CT) today announced that their Countering Disinformation and Propaganda Act   legislation designed to help American allies counter foreign government propaganda from Russia, China, and other nations   has been signed into law as part of the FY 2017 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) Conference Report. The bipartisan bill, which was introduced by Senators Portman and Murphy in March, will improve the ability of the United States to counter foreign propaganda and disinformation from our enemies by establishing an interagency center housed at the State Department to coordinate and synchronize counter-propaganda efforts throughout the U.S. government. To support these efforts, the bill also creates a grant program for NGOs, think tanks, civil society and other experts outside government who are engaged in counter-propaganda related work. This will better leverage existing expertise and empower our allies overseas to defend themselves from foreign manipulation. It will also help foster a free and vibrant press and civil society overseas, which is critical to ensuring our allies have access to truthful information and inoculating people against foreign propaganda campaigns. Our enemies are using foreign propaganda and disinformation against us and our allies, and so far the U.S. government has been asleep at the wheel,  Portman said.  But today, the United States has taken a critical step towards confronting the extensive, and destabilizing, foreign propaganda and disinformation operations being waged against us by our enemies overseas. With this bill now law, we are finally signaling that enough is enough; the United States will no longer sit on the sidelines. We are going to confront this threat head-on. I am confident that, with the help of this bipartisan bill, the disinformation and propaganda used against us, our allies, and our interests will fail. The use of propaganda to undermine democracy has hit a new low. But now we are finally in a position to confront this threat head on and get out the truth. By building up independent, objective journalism in places like eastern Europe, we can start to fight back by exposing these fake narratives and empowering local communities to protect themselves,  said Murphy.  I m proud that our bill was signed into law, and I look forward to working with Senator Portman to make sure these tools and new resources are effectively used to get out the truth. NOTE: The bipartisan Countering Disinformation and Propaganda Act is organized around two main priorities to help achieve the goal of combatting the constantly evolving threat of foreign disinformation from our enemies Continue this report at Zero HedgeREAD MORE MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Watch Files",0
22305,Obama Signs Star Wars II Defense Bill: Hypocrisy of Blaming Trump for “Arms Race”,"21st Century Wire says While politicians and news media alike are accusing Trump of pushing an  arms race  in his December 22nd Tweet about strengthening America s nuclear capability, the Obama administration made a landmark change to the policies governing space based weapons under the guise of missile defense. Why is the mainstream media silent on what Obama just did? Not only does this potentially damage relationships with other military powers such as Russia and China but is being called a massive waste of money. Leading defence scientists said the idea that a space-based system could provide security against nuclear attack is a fantasy   Tyler Durden Zero HedgeAs politicians and mainstream media blast Trump s apparently incendiary tweet regarding nuclear arms, none other than President Obama just signed legislation that, by striking a single word from longstanding US nuclear defence policy, could heighten tensions with Russia and China and launch the country on an expensive effort to build space-based defense systems.Oh the irony  Following Trump s tweet The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2016The mainstream media has lambasted the president-elect for  endangering the world  and  starting another nuclear arms race.  However, that same mainstream media appears mute in their response to what President Obama just did The National Defence Authorisation Act, a year-end policy bill encompassing virtually every aspect of the US military, contained two provisions with potentially momentous consequences. As AP reports,One struck the word  limited  from language describing the mission of the country s homeland missile defence system. The system is said to be designed to thwart a small-scale attack by a non-superpower such as North Korea or Iran.A related provision calls for the Pentagon to start  research, development, test and evaluation  of space-based systems for missile defence.Together, the provisions signal that the US will seek to use advanced technology to defeat both small-scale and large-scale nuclear attacks.That could unsettle the decades-old balance of power among the major nuclear states.Huge bipartisan majorities in both houses of Congress approved the policy changes over the past month, with virtually no public debate.Although the White House had earlier criticised the changes, it stopped short of threatening a veto. On Friday, Obama signed the legislation.Leading defence scientists said the idea that a space-based system could provide security against nuclear attack is a fantasy It defies the laws of physics and is not based on science of any kind,  said L. David Montague, a retired president of missile systems for Lockheed and co-chair of a National Academy of Sciences panel that studied missile defence technologies at the request of Congress. Even if we darken the sky with hundreds or thousands of satellites and interceptors, there s no way to ensure against a dedicated attack,  Montague said in an interview.  So it s an opportunity to waste a prodigious amount of money. He called the provisions passed by Congress  insanity, pure and simple. Republican Congressman Trent Franks, who introduced and shepherded the policy changes in the House, said he drew inspiration from former president Ronald Reagan s Strategic Defence Initiative of the 1980s, which was intended to use lasers and other space-based weaponry to render nuclear weapons  impotent and obsolete.  Known as  Star Wars , the initiative cost taxpayers US$30 billion, but no system was ever deployed.Philip E. Coyle III, a former assistant secretary of defence who headed the Pentagon office responsible for testing and evaluating weapon systems, described the idea of a space-based nuclear shield as  a sham . To do this would cost just gazillions and gazillions,  Coyle said.  The technology isn t at hand   nor is the money. It s unfortunate from my point of view that the Congress doesn t see that. He added:  Both Russia and China will use it as an excuse to do something that they want to do. Continue this article at Zero HedgeREAD MORE MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Watch Files",0
22306,THIS YEAR: Let’s Make Christmas Great Again…,"This year, let s try something a little different. Wherever you are Let s Make Christmas GREAT AGAIN  SEE MORE CHRISTMAS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Xmas Files",0
22307,Boiler Room #89 – Island of Misfit Toys,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki host of The Nameless Podcast for the 89th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the plants, put the kids to bed and get your favorite snuggy out so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! Listen to  Boiler Room #89   Island of Misfit Toys  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22308,EP 6: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with guest Robert Parry – ‘America’s Mainstream Media Meltdown’," Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 6 America s Mainstream Media Meltdown  Has the surprise 2016 Election result sent the US mainstream media into a tale spin, or has this crisis of confidence been in the works for much longer than people realize? Who is checking the new  Fact Checkers ? Can the Washington establishment walk-back the current anti-Russian hysteria, and can the new Trump Administration bring a secretive federal government to a more open place?All this and more, as host Patrick Henningsen in joined by special guest Robert Parry, award-winning investigative journalist, editor and founder of Consortium News, and author of the book America s Stolen Narrative. Listen  END 1042 Download Link   START 1158 Download Link Download this podcast  END 1158 Download Link This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVES",0
22309,Episode #9 – ON THE QT: ‘Cozy Bears & Eggnog’ – Sober Analysis of Russian Hack Hysteria," Here is the FULL Episode #9 of this podcast   a special post-election holiday edition @21WIRE.TV This is a special 2 hour holiday transmission from 21WIRE broadcasting LIVE on the Alternate Current Radio Network .It seems that partisan politics has finally broken US politics, as half the country continues its unhealthy obsession with the Russian menace, believing that Vladimir Putin himself, along with his trusted alleged cyber-sidekicks Cozy Bear and Fancy Bear, somehow stole the US presidency away from the would-be-should-be-anointed Madam President Hillary in favour of her ouster  the new President-Elect Donald J. Trump.The question is: can the American mental condition come back from the brink of a collective bout of insanity, or is this a new hyper sectarian Kafka Amerika?Listen to Episode #9 of  ON THE QT hosted by Patrick Henningsen on the audio player below. This podcast aims to bring together alternative news, views and analysis not covered in mainline media, as well as additional deep state and geopolitical analysis on key international events. Listen, become informed, and engage Listen to  On The QT: EP #9    Cozy Bears & Eggnog    Sober Analysis of Russian Hack Hysteria  on Spreaker.LISTEN TO MORE  ON THE QT  PODCASTS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22310,SUNDAY SCREENING: ‘A Noble Lie’ (2011),"21st Century Wire says Our weekly documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE The 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City was an event that shook the United States domestic scene. Up to that date, it was the largest act of  domestic terrorism  in America, killing some 168 people including nineteen children. However, many have questioned the government s official account of events. A Noble Lie re-investigates the bombing and re-examines the event s alleged perpetrators, as well as other unlikely role player on the periphery. What this film reveals may shock many viewers who thought they knew what happened that day, exposing information never before examined or brought to the attention of the American public. Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHDIhxeMOcI . Run time: 2 hours Director: James Lane Writers: Wendy Painting, Holland Vandennieuwenhof Production: Free Mind FilmsSEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22311,FLASHBACK: ‘The Syrian War: What You’re Not Being Told’ (About Chemical Weapons),"21st Century Wire says Back in August 2013, United Nations investigators led by Carla Del Ponte found evidence that alleged chemical weapons attacks by the Syrian military were actually staged by US, Saudi and Qatari-backed jihadist  rebels.  By definition, this was a false flag attack. Regardless of the facts, western media and political leaders still decided to blame Damascus for the incident. The object of this game was simple: to engineer a virtual  violation  of Obama s famous Red Line, providing the legal pretext, however spurious, for the use of Western military force against the nation state of Syria   under the guise of the great 21st century western military intervention tactic known as the  Responsibility to Protect  (R2P). This video was uploaded by Storm Clouds Gathering on Sept 3, 2013, and it demonstrated how when the entire mainstream media is going one way   pushing a fraudulent event for the purposes of generating a new war   alternative media outlets were reporting the truth. History is on the side of alternative media, not for the likes of CNN, ABC, NBC, BBC and Al Jazeera. That was the week when everyone in the west thought that the US-led military action against Syria was a fait accompli. Thanks to a brief wave of sanity which swept through the British Parliament, the US could not proceed forward without appearing  Hilteresque themselves. Despite all the hype and all the mainstream media fake news, Washington and London s official conspiracy theory was that Assad crossed a red line by using sarin gas against his own people. Here is a timely analysis, one with a wider geopolitical scope, delivered by Aaron Hawkins founder of Storm Clouds Gathering. Watch: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22312,Hannity Interview with Julian Assange: Wikileaks Source is NOT The Russian Government,"21st Century Wire says Fox News  Sean Hannity has broken away from the majority of Western news reporters and has gone to Wikileaks  Julian Assange to ask him directly,  Was your source for the DNC leaks of Russian origin? Watch the interview below: How refreshing to see a mainstream media commentator actually look into the unfounded claims of Russian hacker involvement in the DNC leaks and the US Presidential election.   Alex Christoforou The DuranHannity interviews Julian Assange, who once again confirms that Russia had no role to play in the Wikileaks email leak.Fox News  Sean Hannity is perhaps the first main stream media commentator who has gone deeper on the Russian election hacker  fake news  story than other MSM journalist.Hannity interviewed Julian Assange, who once again confirmed that Russia and  no state actor  was the source of the Wikileaks Podesta emails or DNC leaks.Hannity is also the only MSM show to explore the Craig Murray report, that chronicles the genesis of the leaks stating that the former Ambassador had met with the source of the email leaks confirming and corroborating Assange s factual claim that no state actor, including Russia, was involved in any kind of  hack  or leak.Continue this article at The DuranREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22313,Putin Tells Obama and Western Media: “Either stop talking about it or finally show some kind of proof”,"21st Century Wire says It appears that Putin has had enough with being accused of tampering with the US election process this year. The Russian President s spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, pointed out that it was  indecent  of the US to accuse Russia of tampering with its election.   Remember: On Thursday evening CNN reported that Barack Obama vowed to retaliate against Russia for the  hack  that has not been verified by any independent sources nor has it provided a shred of evidence to support the claim   Tyler Durden Zero HedgePutin has had enough of the relentless barrage of US accusations that he, personally,  hacked the US presidential election. The Russian president s spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, said on Friday that the US must either stop accusing Russia of meddling in its elections or prove it. Peskov said it was  indecent  of the United States to  groundlessly  accuse Russia of intervention in its elections. You need to either stop talking about it, or finally show some kind of proof. Otherwise it just looks very indecent , Peskov told Reporters in Tokyo where Putin is meeting with Japan PM Abe, responding to the latest accusations that Russia was responsible for hacker attacks.Peskov also warned that Obama s threat to  retaliate  to the alleged Russian hack is  against both American and international law , hinting at open-ended escalation should Obama take the podium today at 2:15pm to officially launch cyberwar against Russia.Previously, on Thursday, Peskov told the AP the report was  laughable nonsense , while Russian foreign ministry spox Maria Zakharova accused  Western media  of being a  shill  and a  mouthpiece of various power groups , and added that  it s not the general public who s being manipulated,  Zakharova said.  the general public nowadays can distinguish the truth. It s the mass media that is manipulating themselves. Meanwhile, on Friday Sergei Lavrov, Russia s foreign minister told state television network, Russia 24, he was  dumbstruck  by the NBC report which alleges that Russian President Vladimir Putin was personally involved in an election hack.The report cited U.S. intelligence officials that now believe with a  high level of confidence  that Putin became personally involved in a secret campaign to influence the outcome of the U.S. presidential election.  I think this is just silly, and the futility of the attempt to convince somebody of this is absolutely obvious,  Lavrov added, according to the news outlet.As a reminder, last night Obama vowed retaliatory action against Russia for its meddling in the US presidential election last month.   I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections that we need to take action and we will at a time and place of our own choosing,  Obama told National Public Radio.US intelligence agencies in October pinned blame on Russia for election-related hacking. At the time, the White House vowed a  proportional response  to the cyberactivity, though declined to preview what that response might entail. Meanwhile, both President-elect Donald Trump, the FBI,and the ODNI have dismissed the CIA s intelligence community s assessment, for the the same reason Putin finally lashed out at Obama: there is no proof.That, however, has never stopped the US from escalating a geopolitical conflict to the point of war, or beyond, so pay close attention to what Obama says this afternoon.According to an NBC report, a team of analysts at Eurasia Group said in a note on Friday that they believe the outgoing administration is likely to take action which could result in a significant barrier for Trump s team once he takes office in January. It is unlikely that U.S. intelligence reports will change Trump s intention to initiate a rapprochement with Moscow, but the congressional response following its own investigations could obstruct the new administration s effort,  Eurasia Group analysts added.Continue the story at Zero HedgeREAD MORE MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Watch Files",0
22314,BREAKING: At Least 14 US Coalition Military Officers Captured by Syrian Special Forces in East Aleppo Bunker," Syrian Army soldier holds up Al Nusra Front (al Qaeda in Syria) flag in the Umayyed Mosque, Old City, after government troops liberated terrorist-occupied East Aleppo this week (Image: Vanessa Beeley for 21st Century Wire)  21st Century Wire SPECIAL REPORTDAMASCUS   According to two reports coming out of Aleppo today, at least 14 US Coalition military officers were captured this morning in an East Aleppo bunker by Syrian Special Forces.This story was quietly leaked by Voltaire.net, who announced,  The Security Council is sitting in private on Friday, December 16, 2016, at 17:00 GMT, while NATO officers were arrested this morning by the Syrian Special Forces in a bunker in East Aleppo. Fares Shehabi MP, a prominent Syrian Parliamentarian and head of Aleppo s Chamber of Commerce published the names of the Coalition officers on his Facebook page on the 15th December (emphasis added):Mutaz Kano lu   Turkey David Scott Winer   USA David Shlomo Aram   Israel Muhamad Tamimi   Qatar Muhamad Ahmad Assabian   Saudi Abd-el-Menham Fahd al Harij   Saudi Islam Salam Ezzahran Al Hajlan   Saudi Ahmed Ben Naoufel Al Darij   Saudi Muhamad Hassan Al Sabihi   Saudi Hamad Fahad Al Dousri   Saudi Amjad Qassem Al Tiraoui   Jordan Qassem Saad Al Shamry   Saudi Ayman Qassem Al Thahalbi   Saudi Mohamed Ech-Chafihi El Idrissi   MoroccanListen to Fares Shehabi s interview on the Sunday Wire radio show: Liberation Aleppo In addition to Voltaire.net, the other original report was provided by Damascus-based Syrian journalist Said Hilal Alcharifi. According to Alcharifi, captured  NATO  officers were from a number of member states including the US, France, Germany and Turkey, as well as Israel. Here is his statement (translated from French):   Thanks to information received, Syrian authorities discovered the headquarters of high ranking western/NATO officers in the basement of an area in East Aleppo and have captured them alive. Some names have already been given to Syrian journalists, myself included. The nationalities are US, French, British, German, Israeli, Turkish, Saudi, Moroccan, Qatari etc. In light of their nationalities and their rank, I assure you that the Syrian government have a very important catch, which should enable them to direct negotiations with the countries that have tried to destroy them. Although these initial reports describe the individuals in question as  NATO  officers, it s unlikely they would have been carrying NATO colors on a covert operation   and might be more accurately labeled as US Coalition officers. Note that early reports suggest that these are not standard  street rebel  or jihadi terrorists but actual Coalition military personnel and field commanders.SEE ALSO: The REAL Syria Civil Defence Exposes Fake  White Helmets  as Terrorist-Linked Imposters21WIRE also received unconfirmed reports yesterday that militants had fired a missile into the  Ramousa area and then tried, unsuccessfully, to get cars out of East Aleppo. It s possible this incident could be related to today reports of captured western operatives.This report from the Syrian Arab News Agency (emphasis added): The agreement on evacuating militants and weapons from the eastern neighborhoods of Aleppo city has been suspended after terrorist groups breached it, special sources told SANA correspondent in Aleppo.The sources said that the suspension of the agreement will remain in place until obtaining guarantees that oblige the terrorist groups to abide by all the agreement s provisions, stressing on the Syrian side s full adherence to the agreement and its keenness to end the bloodshed and restore security and stability to the entire city of Aleppo. Earlier, SANA reporter said that the terrorist groups have breached the agreement as they smuggled heavy weapons, including TOW missiles, heavy machineguns and kidnapped people via the buses and cars transporting terrorists and their families towards the southwestern countryside of Aleppo city.The reporter added that the terrorist groups fired shells and sniper bullets on the buses and ambulances at al-Ramousseh crossing, noting that the Syrian Arab Red Crescent (SARC) and the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) which are supervising the evacuation process had to withdraw all buses and cars from the crossing.Over the past 24 hours, some 8079 terrorists and members of their families were evacuated via busses and ambulances from the neighborhoods of Salah-Eddin, al-Ansari, al-Mashhad and al-Zibdiyeh to the southwest countryside of Aleppo city If true, this latest news would also mean that both the Syrian and Russian governments would have additional leverage going forward in any bilateral negotiations with the US-led Coalition.If, however, this story is kept under wraps by NATO member governments and is summarily blacked out by the US and European media outlets, then it might indicate that a deal has been struck, albeit behind the scenes, for the return of captured NATO operatives in exchange for other concessions.If today s report from East Aleppo is accurate, this might also help explain the hysterical behavior by the US State Department and western UN officials who have been demanding  an immediate ceasefire    despite the fact that 99% of East Aleppo has already been liberated by Syrian government forces.The western establishment hysterical reactions to Al Nusra s defeat in Aleppo have included wild claims that the Syrian Army had  unleashed death squads,  on its own residents in East Aleppo and were openly  executing women and children in the street,  and  burning children in the street,  as well what appear to be more fictional reports circulated in US media mainly by Michael Weiss of The Daily Beast via CNN, claiming that Syrian Army was committing  mass rape  against residents of East Aleppo. His article entitled,  Women in Aleppo Choose Suicide Over Rape, Rebels Report,  made a number of outlandish claims including: Activists and rebels in the besieged city say mass executions have begun and children are burned alive as Assad s Iranian- and Russian-backed forces move in. Not surprisingly, aside from unnamed  UN sources , Weiss claims to have received his information from none other than the discredited US and UK-financed pseudo NGO  known as the White Helmets.SEE ALSO: Tulsi Gabbard Introduces Bill to Stop US Government Funding and Arming Jihadist Terrorists in SyriaBack in September, numerous reports suggested that a western command center located behind terrorist-held lines had been targeted and destroyed by a Russian missile strike. Prof Michel Chossudovsky wrote: The US and its allies had  established a Field Operations Room in the Aleppo region integrated by intelligence personnel. Until it was targeted by a Russian missile attack on September 20,  this  semi-secret  facility was operated by US, British, Israeli, Turkish, Saudi and Qatari intelligence personnel.   This report was neither admitted, nor was it denied by US Coalition sources at the time. However, one mainstream Israeli source, The Times of Israel, did report the incident.For anyone who has been paying close attention to the Syrian Conflict, seeing NATO special forces or  contractors  working with  rebel  or terrorist fighters inside of Syria is nothing unusual. Numerous reports have been filed of British soldiers assigned to fighting groups to help with training, strategy and logistics. In June 2016, The Telegraph admitted that British special forces were helping one rebel group,   with logistics, like building defences to make the bunkers safe, said one  rebel  fighter. Other reports, including the LA Times which detailed CIA operations used to arm militants, including Al Nusra Front (al Qaeda in Syria) who were the terrorist force in charge in East Aleppo. Other revelations of US covert involvement include The New York Times, and also information on US (NATO by another name only) covert operations provided to the Wall Street Journal.South Front also notes: Earlier in December, SF already noted that the US despearate attempts to push a  diplomatic solution  in Aleppo could indicate that the Obama administration stalling for time to extricate US mercenaries and special service members from the Aleppo pocket: Considering that US-led coalition military advisers have been widely operating across Syria, training and assisting to the so-called  moderate opposition  openly linked with al-Qaeda, the recently appeared reports are likely true.For instance, British military advisers have officially arrived to Syria to restore combat capability of the  moderate  opposition, retreated from Aleppo 21WIRE can also point out that throughout fighting in the Donbass in eastern Ukraine, during the period of May 2014 to the present, numerous incidents have been reported where NATO military soldiers and operatives have been both spotted, and captured by rebel forces, and in most cases these reports have been muted, more than likely because of  horse trading  taking place as an extension of wider diplomacy.Contributors to this report were Patrick Henningsen and Vanessa Beeley.STAY TUNED FOR MORE  UPDATES . READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@21WIRE.TV",0
22315,Boiler Room #88 – Behold: Your New Ministry of Truth,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer (author of Esoteric Hollywood) and Jamie Hanshaw, host of Happy Hearts Radio for the 88th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the plants, put the kids to bed and get your favorite snuggy out so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust.Caller line was open for BOILER ROOM EP #88:Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! Listen to  Boiler Room #87   Behold: The New Ministry of Truth  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22316,Facebook Partners With Snopes & Other So-Called ‘Fact Checking’ Sites to Burry ‘Fake News’,"21st Century Wire says Facebook is partnering with Snopes.com and other sites which have apparently been unofficially deemed the new ministries of truth to decide what is and what is not  Fake News.  Do we trust these agencies more than we trust the intelligence of 21WIRE Facebook followers to discern, on their own, what is  Fake News  and what is credible  Absolutely not.You decide: Is Facebook really cracking down on fake news or is it making it easier for the establishment to burry stories from one of the most widely used sources of news link sharing on the internet? Alex Heath Business InsiderFacebook is going to start fact checking, labeling, and burying fake news and hoaxes in the News Feed, the company announced on Thursday.The decision comes after Facebook received heated criticism for its role in spreading a deluge of political misinformation during the U.S. presidential election, like one story that falsely said the Pope had endorsed Donald Trump.To combat fake news, Facebook has partnered with a shortlist of media organizations, including Snopes and ABC News, that are part of an international fact-checking network led by Poynter, a nonprofit school for journalism located in St. Petersburg, Florida.Starting as a test with a small percentage of its users in the United States, Facebook will make it easier to report news stories that are fake or misleading. Once third-party fact checkers have confirmed that the story is fake, it will be labeled as such and demoted in the News Feed.A company spokesperson told Business Insider that the social network will also use other signals, like algorithms that detect whether a story that appears fake is going viral, to determine if it should label the story as fake and bury it in peoples  feeds. We ve focused our efforts on the worst of the worst, on the clear hoaxes spread by spammers for their own gain, and on engaging both our community and third party organizations,  Facebook News Feed chief Adam Mosseri said in a company blog post on Thursday.A team of Facebook researchers will also review website domains and send sites that appear to be fake or spoofed (like  washingtonpost.co ) to third-party fact checkers, a Facebook spokesperson said. Of the 42 news organizations that have committed to Poynter s fact-checking code of ethics, Facebook is starting out with the following four Snopes, Factcheck.org, ABC News, and PolitiFact. We are only involved to the extent that Facebook relies on the list of signatories to our code of principles as a starting point for the organizations it chooses to verify,  a Poynter spokesperson told Business Insider.  Facebook is the only organization certifying third party fact-checkers on its platform. Facebook has given its four initial fact-checking partners access to a tool that will let them label stories in the News Feed as fake, a Facebook spokesperson said. The spokesperson said that Facebook is not paying the organizations to fact check Continue the story at Business InsiderREAD MORE MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Watch Files",0
22317,"Hawks Double Down, Dig-in and Refuse to Give Up Failed ‘Assad Must Go’ Foreign Policy","21st Century Wire says Daniel McAdams, executive director of the Ron Paul institute, joins RT s Anya Parampil to discuss the US s failed policy of regime change and how nation-building adventurism, no matter how high minded, tends to galvanize people in those countries around the very same regimes.Foreign policy hawks are eager to retain their influence in government and critics of interventionism are wary of their attempts to retain power by infiltrating a Trump administration, even though the president-elect suggested a non-interventionist foreign policy in his campaign. Watch:READ MORE FOREIGN POLICY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22318,Obama Joins Comedy Central Host to Push ‘Laughable’ Establishment Conspiracy Theory on DNC Leaks,"21st Century Wire says President Obama is once again appearing on  info-tainment  programming on Comedy Central but his appearance is clearly not to entertain or inform the viewer. In the final days of the President s time in office he is going on comedy shows to push the  Russian hack  effect on the U.S. Presidential election outcome. He does so without a shred of evidence nor a mention of the Podesta emails, the collusion of the media with the Clinton campaign or the questionable practices of the Clinton Foundation.The Duran asks some good questions and provides further analysis  Alex Christoforou The DuranObama has gone all in to blame Russia for Hillary Clinton s loss and the DNC hack that exposed Hillary Clinton for the corrupt cheat that we all knew, deep down inside, she truly was.Notice how Obama talks only about the DNC hack and not the Wikileaks Podesta email leak. Also notice how Obama tries to justify his conveniently timed call for an investigation, by throwing it back onto Donald Trump.Obama never states that he has irrefutable evidence that Russia hacked the DNC emails, and never even mentions once the Podesta emails We determined and announced in October that it was the consensus of all the Intelligence agencies in law enforcement that organizations affiliated with Russian intelligence were responsible for the hacking of the DNC materials that were being leaked. FYI China, Israel, Germany, etc  also hack US institutions. US intelligence agencies hack governments all over the world.Obama s above assertions are based on James Clapper s statement that The Duran reported on in October consider the statement US intelligence published last week on the subject of alleged Russian hacking of the Democratic National Committee and of other US agencies involved in the election. It reads as follows: The U.S. Intelligence Community (USIC) is confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of e-mails from US persons and institutions, including from US political organizations. The recent disclosures of alleged hacked e-mails on sites like DCLeaks.com and WikiLeaks and by the Guccifer 2.0 online persona are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts. These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the US election process. Such activity is not new to Moscow the Russians have used similar tactics and techniques across Europe and Eurasia, for example, to influence public opinion there.We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia s senior-most officials could have authorized these activities. (bold italics added)The statement is an implicit admission that US intelligence has no evidence to back its allegations of Russian hacking.It is merely  confident    not  sure    that it is the Russians who are behind the hacking, and it is clear from the statement that it arrived at this conclusion purely through inference: because the hacks supposedly were  consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts .US intelligence assumes the Russians were behind the hack not because it knows this to be so but in part because of what it believes Russian motives to be.The statement backs its claim with a textual trick.  It says  the Russians have used similar tactics and techniques across Europe and Eurasia .  It then immediately follows these words with the words  for example .These lead to the expectation that an actual example of such Russian  tactics and techniques  is about to follow. Instead what is provided are the fact free words  to influence public opinion there .The words  for example  lend nothing to the meaning of the statement, which would be exactly the same without them.  These two words as used in the statement are actually meaningless.   That is a sure sign that their presence in the statement is intended to confuse the casual reader, and that this is true of the statement as a whole.The words are designed to create a subliminal impression to a casual reader that the Russians have been caught doing this sort of thing before, without however providing a single actual example when this was the case.Demonstrating how thin the case of Russian government actually is, the statement then goes on to say: Some states have also recently seen scanning and probing of their election-related systems, which in most cases originated from servers operated by a Russian company. However, we are not now in a position to attribute this activity to the Russian Government. (bold italics added)In other words US intelligence admits the mere fact servers operated by a Russian company may have been used for  scanning and probing    and presumably also for hacking   is not in itself proof of the involvement of the Russian government.The Daily Show s Trevor Noah, who is not a journalist, and not even American, is the perfect useful idiot to conduct this interview and help spread Obama s political spin.No tough question, no follow up questions just giggly gushing glances of admiration and awe from Noah.Remember when Obama told Trump to  stop whining  about a rigged election and focus on  getting votes. This was when Obama, and the entire Hillary liberal elite establishment, were certain that Trump had no chance to win the US Presidency.How things change, and how Obama is now changing his tune doing everything in his power to undermine Trump and undermine US Democracy, while risking escalating, already high tensions with Russia.Continue reading this story at The DuranREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22319,"EP 5: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with guest Daniel Faraci – On Trump, Russia, The Media and Neocons","Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad  THIS WEEK: Episode 5 On Trump, Russia, US Media and Neocons  Is the alleged Russia hack  into the US elections real, and did the Russians really help Donald Trump beat Hillary Clinton? As Democrats attempt a  soft coup  through the Electoral College, the President-Elect s Transition Team tries to fill its new Cabinet, while familiar old hawks are circling Trump Tower. Over in the Middle East, developments in Aleppo are sending ripple effects back to Washington, as President Obama renews his commitment to arm  moderate  militants currently running amok in Syria. Back in Washington, Tulsi Gabbard introduces a historic bill on the House floor.All this and more, as host Patrick Henningsen talks to special guest and political consultant Daniel Faraci, a Washington DC-based geopolitical analyst, academic and Director of Grassroots Political Consulting. Listen  END 999 Download Link   START 1042 Download Link Download this podcast  END 1042 Download Link This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.SEE MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22320,Is Democratic Party Attempting a ‘Soft Coup’? Efforts Underway to Hijack Electoral College Vote…," 21st Century Wire says This latest episode of the Democratic Party s epic meltdown is perhaps the most embarrassing of them all. The ghosts of Hillary s defeat continue to haunt the halls of Washington and media headlines, as party operatives and their media surrogates conjure up old plots, as well as new and innovative ways to change the election results.Since Hillary Clinton s devastating defeat at the hands of underdog Republican nominee, and now President-Elect, Donald Trump, both the Clinton campaign and the Democratic Party leadership have been desperately trying to claw-back the election result, or at least damage and delegitimize the incoming Trump Administration. After blaming FBI Director James Comey for Clinton s loss, party operatives, in conjunction with George Soros-backed MoveOn.org, then went on to organize street protests which turned into riots, before backing Green Party leader Jill Stein in her frantic attempt to stage a voter recount in Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania   all designed to somehow reverse, or discredit Trump s historic presidential win.The only problem with this leg of the Establishment s subscribed conspiracy theory   is that it is based on a lie. Media hype aside   there is no actual evidence, beyond speculation that Russia hacked US Elections, or even hacked Clinton chief of staff John Podesta s emails posted on Wikileaks. That lie is evident right there plain sight, as Democratic Party leaders falsely state that the CIA has concluded the  Russians  hacked or interfered in the US Presidential election. The CIA never concluded anything, they simply said  the Russians probably did it.  Regardless, here s what Democrats are putting out as their lead talking point: We now know that the CIA has determined Russia s interference in our elections was for the purpose of electing Donald Trump. This should distress every American.  (see full letter below).Despite the lack of any actual proof, the same Clinton media operatives that skewed campaign coverage, polling in their candidate s favor, and who also fabricated Trump scandals throughout the election   are now running a hysterical PR campaign  are pushing the Russian hacking conspiracy theory  with absolutely no proof to substantiate their incredible claims.Desperate to rescue his collapsed reputation, John Podesta, along with Democrat minority leader Nancy Pelosi (image, left) are now lobbying the CIA to release  evidence  it doesn t actually have   and give it to state delegate voters in the US Electoral College before they cast their official Presidential votes on December 19th.It seems as if disgraced party operative Podesta might just be digging a deeper hole for himself and his party The HillMore Democratic electors are joining the call for an intelligence briefing on Russian interference in the presidential election before they cast their votes for president on Monday.Twenty-nine electors now are pressuring Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to disclose more information about the CIA s conclusion that Russian interference helped sway the election in President-elect Donald Trump s favor.On Monday, 10 electors   spearheaded by Christine Pelosi, the daughter of House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.)   wrote an open letter to Clapper, demanding more information ahead of next week s vote. The Electors require to know from the intelligence community whether there are ongoing investigations into ties between Donald Trump, his campaign or associates, and Russian government interference in the election, the scope of those investigations, how far those investigations may have reached, and who was involved in those investigations,  the letter reads.  We further require a briefing on all investigative findings, as these matters directly impact the core factors in our deliberations of whether Mr. Trump is fit to serve as President of the United States. Twenty-eight Democrats and one Republican have now signed the letter.On Monday, the Clinton campaign voiced support for the effort. Each day that month, our campaign decried the interference of Russia in our campaign and its evident goal of hurting our campaign to aid Donald Trump,  said John Podesta, Hillary Clinton s campaign chairman, in a statement.  Despite our protestations, this matter did not receive the attention it deserved by the media in the campaign. We now know that the CIA has determined Russia s interference in our elections was for the purpose of electing Donald Trump. This should distress every American. Continue this story at The HillREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22321,CIA Claims of Russian Intervention in US Election Fall Flat,"21st Century Wire says How seriously can we take a  secret CIA assessment  that Russian intervention in the U.S. Presidential election played a role in the victory of President Elect Donald J. Trump when it comes from an organization that has intervened extensively in so many countries  sovereign governments?The Anti-Media The Daily SheepleAccording to a  secret CIA assessment,  Russia intervened in the U.S. election to undermine confidence in the electoral system and boost support for Donald Trump.The president-elect has already rejected this notion, though the implications of claims regarding Russian involvement are still unclear.Once again, this kind of pro-Clinton/anti-Russian-based narrative has already been completely debunked. For example, in his recent article,  Anonymous Leaks to the WashPost About the CIA s Russia Beliefs Are No Substitute for Evidence,  Glenn Greenwald brilliantly explains why this story does not merit our attention. He astutely notes: There is still no such evidence for any of these claims. What we have instead are assertions, disseminated by anonymous people, completely unaccompanied by any evidence, let alone proof. As a result, none of the purported evidence   still   can be publicly seen, reviewed, or discussed. Anonymous claims leaked to newspapers about what the CIA believes do not constitute proof, and certainly do not constitute reliable evidence that substitutes for actual evidence that can be reviewed. Continue This Story at The Daily SheepleREAD MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia Files",0
22322,"CNN’s Hostile Treatment of Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard after revealing US are arming, funding Terrorists in Syria","21st Century Wire says Recently, Democrat Hawaii Congresswoman, Tulsi Gabbard, went on CNN s  The Lead  hosted by Jake Tapper, to talk about Donald Trump s foreign policy, and more importantly, to discuss the disturbing reality of US taxpayer support for armed militants and terrorists in places like Syria. Instead of adulation for doing the honorable thing, she received a hostile reaction from one of CNN s many highly paid onscreen propagandists. When asked by CNN s Jake Tapper (photo, right) about US Representative Tulsi Gabbard s recent visit to Trump Tower, she replied,  My goal in going there, in receiving the invitation to speak to President-elect Trump was to speak specifically about the situation in Syria, the dangerous consequences of escalating the regime change war that the United States is fuelling there along with countries like Saudi Arabia, and Qatar, and Turkey are escalating that through a so-called no-fly zone or safe zone. And urging him to end our regime change war there to stop funding both directly and indirectly groups that are working with Al Qaeda and ISIS. And to stop funneling those dollars and weapons and other assistance through these others countries like Saudi Arabia who are directly supporting these terrorist groups who are supposed to be our enemy, who we re supposed to be fighting to defeat. Visibly agitated by her answer, Tapper then asks Gabbard, herself an Iraq War veteran and a current member of the Hawaii National Guard, about her recent Bill introduced on the House floor last week entitled, the  Stop Arming Terrorists Act,  which proposes severe legal repercussions to any US officials or persons involved in the arming or funding, either directly or possibly indirectly, of terrorists overseas   including the US-backed  rebel  terrorists currently operating in Syria. What s key is that Gabbard points out that this activity is funded by the US taxpayer. Not surprisingly, CNN has never before reported this side of the clandestine issue before. Here s how their fascinating conversation transpired:TAPPER: And tell me about legislation. You have a bill that you introduced today that would address loopholes.GABBARD: Yes.TAPPER: You say have allowed American taxpayer dollars to fund terror groups such as Al Qaeda and ISIS in Syria. Are you   are you suggesting that the U.S. government is funding these terrorist groups?GABBARD: I m not only suggesting it. This is   this is the reality that we re living in.TAPPER: Not directly, though.GABBARD: Most Americans   you know, if you were   I were to go and provide money, weapons, or support or whatever to a group like Al Qaeda or ISIS, you would immediately be thrown in Jail. However, the U.S. government has been providing money, weapons, intel assistance and other types of support through the CIA, directly to these groups that are working with and are affiliated with Al Qaeda and ISIS.TAPPER: So, you re saying the CIA is giving money to groups in Syria, and those groups are working with Al-Nusra and ISIS.GABBARD: There are   there have been numerous reports from The New York Times to the Wall Street Journal and other news outlets who have declared that these rebel groups have formed these battlefield alliances with Al Qaeda, that essentially is Al Qaeda groups are in charge of every single rebel group on the ground fighting in Syria to overthrow the Syrian government.Tapper goes on to act stunned and befuddled, insinuating that Gabbard is  wrong    as if Gabbard were somehow making up her accusations, as he becomes somewhat confused trying to manage CNN s complicated contrived narrative. Tapper then insists that  Obviously, they (US-funded  rebel  terrorists) are all fighting Assad.  Gabbard quickly calls out Tapper s clear attempt at US State Dept propaganda talking points management Here s the latter exchange:TAPPER: And the U.S. government says they vet the groups that they give money to very, very closely. And that you re wrong, there are not alliances between groups at the American taxpayers fund and these other groups. Obviously, they all are fighting Assad.GABBARD: I beg to differ. Evidence has shown time and time again that that is not the case, that we are both directly and indirectly supporting these groups who are allied with or partnered with Al Qaeda and ISIS, in working to over throw the Syrian government of Assad. And we ve also been providing that support through countries like Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Qatar to do that. Gabbard s brave new legislation might be the most important and explosive development regarding Syrian Foreign Policy in Washington, but instead of pursuing this discussion, CNN s Tapper predictably tried to change the subject to Michael Flynn instead.Watch this incredible exchange here: 21WIRE has reported previously on the possibility that CNN is serving as a media adjunct to either the State Department, the Pentagon, NSA or the CIA (or a combination of the four). Judging by Jake Tapper s dismissive reaction to the facts on the ground, and his attempt to discredit Gabbard live on air, only strengthens the case that CNN is peddling an agenda for those US departments and agencies.21WIRE also reported previously how CNN has clearly chosen to only air coverage favorable to what the network has claimed to be  rebels  in Syria, when in reality   these were mostly terrorist fighting groups. CNN s star reporter  Clarissa Ward even went so far as to characterize terrorist suicide bombers in a sympathetic manner in her reports   clearly designed to give positive PR to terrorists groups like Al Nusra Front who have been occupying East Aleppo since 2012. Other actors in the field seemingly employed by CNN who are operating in clear support of terrorists in East Aleppo include one Bilal Abdul Karim an apparent US asset promoting jihadist extremism, together with Ward, producing what are clearly staged reports, alongside CNN s endless airing of unvetted, staged White Helmets imagery, passing it off to the viewing public as authentic video and photos supplied by nameless  Syria activists .  21WIRE has recently revealed additional terrorist-links with the White Helmets, who are a US State Dept, British Foreign Office and EU-funded pseudo NGO.Throughout the west s proxy war against Syria, CNN has only reported the rebel/terrorist perspective, shamelessly portraying militant terrorists as  moderate rebels  and freedom fighters, while systematically demonizing any Syrian or Russian who is defending the nation-state of Syria. This might explain Tapper s near contempt for Gabbard s accurate statements regarding US arming and funding of known terrorist groups in Syria.2016 was the year that CNN was exposed as perhaps the most corrupt mainstream media outlet in the United States. A number of other leaked emails revealed an unprecedented level of media corruption and systematic partisan collusion between operatives at CNN and the Hillary Clinton Campaign   a naked violation of every fundamental principle of nonobjective press practices. In the leaked email exchanges, one could see gleeful Clinton campaign officials boasting about getting favorable news coverage from compliant mainstream media  journalists    with CNN being perhaps the worst offender. Clinton staffers even went so far as to circulate names of journalists who were deemed  friendly  to their candidate.Among the notorious Wikileaks email dump was a CNN request to DNC staffers asking for questions to ask during a Wolf Blitzer interview with then GOP candidate Donald Trump.In another email on April 28, CNN operative Jason Seher, a writer for Jake Tapper s show  The Lead  on CNN, emailed DNC media coordinator Pablo Manriquez thanking him for working behind the scenes with CNN.In a separate conversation CNN s Seher, then thanked DNC insider Martinez for  facilitating Luis coming on today, and bearing with us through a meelee of GOP nonsense and cancellations and all that. Any particular points he ll want to make? We re gonna stay Dem focused Perhaps the worst CNN violation of press independence was when the network s supposed  chief political analyst , Gloria Borger, tried to get an interview with Clinton chief of staff John Podesta by assuring him of essentially softball questions. I know John will have an exalted place in the campaign, and would love to chat with him about HRC, in a general way, not in a gotcha way re HRC,  said Borger.  It would be about 10 mins, very general, about her as a person and a candidate. What is most amazing about all of this, is that CNN executives refused to consider firing any of their personalities who have been implicated in open collusion with the Democratic party during one of the most crucial political contests in US history.In another leak provided to The Intercept by the source known as Gucifer 2.0, other CNN reporters discovered on the DNC s  VIP List  of media operatives counted on by the Clinton campaign included Kate Bouldan, Brianna Kielar, Jeff Zeleny, Sam Feist, David Chalian, John Berman, and Mark Preston.The only person who lost their paid position with CNN was the now disgraced political operative, Donna Brazile, currently still holding onto her gifted position as interim Chairwoman of the DNC   who was also moonlighting for extra cash as  contributor  for CNN. Brazile was also a Super Delegate for Hillary Clinton. Podesta Email dumps exposed the fact that Brazile, a CNN contributor was caught giving Hillary s campaign debate questions in advance of CNN s Town Hall debate event.As a result, CNN s reputation as a trustworthy media outlets has been held in question by most of the public.When it comes to coverage of both the 2016 Election and the Syrian War, CNN has been on the wrong side of history   and should not be trusted to give accurate and fair reporting regarding serious and important issues. READ MORE MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Watch Files  READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22323,Top US Spy Agency Refuses to Endorse CIA’s ‘Russian Hacking’ Assessment Due to “Lack Of Evidence”,"21st Century Wire says If anyone still thinks this whole  Russian hacking  plot is not motivated by internal US politics   think again Tyler Durden Zero HedgeWhen the WaPo posted last Friday s story about a  secret  CIA assessment that Russian cyber attacks were aimed at helping Republican President-elect Donald Trump win the 2016 election, the readers of the Bezos-owned publication took it as gospel, despite, as we promptly noted, there being no evidence provided by the CIA, and as we learned today, the FBI openly resisting the CIA s assessment. It now appears that once again the WaPo may have been engaging in  partial fake news , as it did with its Nov. 24 story about  Russian propaganda fake media. According to Reuters, the so-called overseers of the U.S. intelligence community as it supervises the 17 agency-strong U.S. intelligence community, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), while not disputing the CIA s analysis of Russian hacking operations   something which would be unprecedented for the US spy industry and would telegraph just how partisan and broken the country s intelligence apparatus has become   has refused to endorse the CIA s assessment  because of a lack of conclusive evidence  that Moscow intended to boost Trump over Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton.As Reuters conveniently notes, the ODNI position could give Trump fresh ammunition to dispute the CIA assessment, which he rejected as  ridiculous  in weekend remarks, and press his assertion that no evidence implicates Russia in the cyber attacks. The ODNI s position confirms that Trump was once again, you guessed it, right. ODNI is not arguing that the agency (CIA) is wrong, only that they can t prove intent,  said one of the three U.S. officials Continue this story at Zero HedgeREAD MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia Files",0
22324,‘Common Cause’? Barbra Streisand lobbying Obama to bypass US Senate and appoint Supreme Court Justice unilaterally,"21st Century Wire says Three weeks ago, while the wounds were still fresh following Hillary Clinton s epic electoral collapse, a number of frustrated Hollywood celebrities floated various reactionary and often flippant ideas. As liberal elites and their student acolytes accused President-Elect Donald J. Trump of being a  fascist , Hollywood elites were themselves pushing actual fascist directives, the worst of which had to be singer Barbra Streisand s insistence that lame duck president Barack Obama bypass the US Senate and appoint a liberal Supreme Court Justice unilaterally. If this episode demonstrates anything, it shows how Hollywood s liberal celebrity elites would govern if, god forbid, they were ever in power.Streisand has been pushing via her Facebook page a White House petition entitled We the People calling for Obama to appoint Merrick Garland by executive action   and without any Senate confirmation or due process. Obama had previously nominated Garland, a chief justice of the U.S. District Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, to fill the seat of Justice Antonin Scalia, who died suddenly last winter. Underlining the current partisan feud during this election year, Senate Republicans refused to hold hearings or vote on his nomination.It appears that Streisand is working in coordination with a radical left-wing George Soros-funded  change agent  NGO called Common Cause, whose board member Gregory L. Diskant had initially worked with the Washington Post to launch their the campaign in the national media.Here s what the ever controversial pundit, the Doctor of Common Sense  E.T. Williams had this to say about Hollywood s attempted hostile takeover of the US Supreme Court, and celebrities who had threatened to leave the US if Trump won the election  ",0
22325,Aleppo Truth: Incredible Press Conference at the United Nations,"SEE MORE ALEPPO UPDATES & EXCLUSIVES HEREThis press conference is an excellent information tool for anyone who has serious questions about the true size and scope of the propaganda war being waged against Syria by governments and media organizations in the US, UK and EU member states. Please share with friends, family and colleagues On December 9, 2016, the permanent mission of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations presented a panel of speakers who explained in detail what is really happening right now in Aleppo, Syria, and how the western media has intentionally distorted events in Syria over the last 5 years. Panels members include Dr. Bahman Azad, member of the coordinating committee for the Hands Off Syria and Organization Secretary of US Peace Council, and Eva Bartlett, independent Canadian journalist, Donna Nassor, professor and lawyer also part of US Peace Council, and Sara Flounders cofounder of the International Action Center. SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22326,SUNDAY SCREENING: 24 Hours After Hiroshima (2010),"21st Century Wire says This week s documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE. By August 1945, the Allied Manhattan Project had successfully detonated an atomic device in the New Mexico desert and subsequently produced atomic weapons based on two alternate designs. The 509th Composite Group of the U.S. Army Air Forces was equipped with a Silverplate Boeing B-29 Superfortress that could deliver them from Tinian in the Mariana Islands. In August 1945, during the final stage of the Second World War, the United States dropped atomic bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The two bombings, which killed at least 129,000 people, remain the only use of nuclear weapons for warfare in history. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAsnaEM_Q8U . Run time: 40 min Director: Pamela Caragol Wells Distribution: National Geographic ExplorerSEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HEREREAD MORE WWII NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire WWII FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@21WIRE.TV",0
22327,Tucker Carlson slams Vox.com over ‘Fake News’,"21st Century Wire says The mainstream media continues to deflect from its own collapse in credibility in the wake of Hillary Clinton s epic electoral meltdown by inventing a synthetic  fake news  crisis and scapegoating Clinton s loss on bloggers and cheap eastern European hoax websites. In addition to mainstream media constantly pushing out actual fake news, corporate media giants have also created their own fake  alternative media  as well. Here are a number of media operatives appearing on TV pretending to be  alternative media  but in reality are really funded by the major broadcast media empires. One of these is a political news website called Vox.com. It s designed to look like an edgy  alternative  news source, but in reality, Vox is just another establishment consensus reality-building tool. Silicon Valley investors have pumped tens of millions of dollars into this media outlet, with the lead investor being none other than NBC Universal   who are one of the biggest peddlers of actual fake news globally (just ask their phony news anchor Brian Williams). Watch as FOX host Tucker Carlson takes apart hypocritical Vox staffer Timothy Lee over the issue of  fake news  circulating on the internet, revealing how Vox is also a producer of  fake news  too. As Carlson rightly points out   this issue really boils down to freedom of speech.Caveat: Certainly, FOX News is not immune to pushing their own brand of fake news, especially when it comes to promoting US wars overseas, but it does have a number of capable pundits who have exposed a number of key revelations during the course of  this historic 2016 Election. Special thanks to High Energy for this clip:. READ MORE MSM FAKE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Fake News FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22328,"CNN Fake News vs Real News: First Images of Abandoned Terrorist Facilities in East Aleppo, Not From CNN"," This week, the momentum in Syria shifted dramatically as the Syrian Army liberated the Old City in eastern Aleppo, so far retaking 80% of  rebel -held areas in the city. As a result, operatives in Washington and their allies are now taking desperate measures in order to try and preserve the viability of remaining terrorist forces on the ground   in the hopes of extending Syria s five year bloody conflict and overthrowing the legal government in Damascus. 21WIRE will post more ALEPPO UPDATES as new information comes in The Western mainstream media continue to give a twisted picture of reality in Aleppo.During CNN s coverage of newly liberated areas of East Aleppo on Wednesday afternoon, CNN anchor Kate Bolduan (who cried profusely over staged  Dusty Boy  Omran image) spoke to her correspondent Fred Pleitgen by telephone (offering no real images, so it s impossible to verify if Pleitgen was actually in East Aleppo as CNN claimed, more than likely he was not), and Bolduan refers to Pleitgen as  the first western journalist inside East Aleppo,  which is in itself a lie, as RT s Lizzie Phelan (who is British and therefore western) was already reporting from the East-West green line in Aleppo since late Monday.CNN was characterizing the liberation of East Aleppo as a  humanitarian disaster  as theatrical Bolduan then gushes at the end of the segment to Pleitgen, another polemic along the lines of,  Thank you Fred, it s so great we have brave journalists like you to show the world what s really going on  All that after CNN has, for the last 4 years straight, been spinning and completely misrepresenting events on the ground, and presenting reports by Clarissa Ward which appear to glorify terroist suicide bombers and various  rebel  terrorists (Al Nusra, Arar al-Sham, Nour al-din al-Zenki et all) occupying east Aleppo, effectively giving additional PR support to al Nusra-led efforts. Ward is flanked by another US asset promoting jihadist extremism, Bilal Abdul Karim, together producing what are clearly staged reports, alongside CNN s endless airing of unvetted, staged White Helmets imagery   and passing it off to the viewing public as authentic video and photos supplied by nameless Syrian activists . Throughout the west s proxy war against Syria, CNN has only reported the rebel/terrorist perspective, shamelessly portraying militant terrorists as  moderate rebels  and freedom fighters, while systematically demonizing any Syrian or Russian who is defending the nation state of Syria.  Unlike CNN s intentionally skewed US State Dept-slanted propaganda (eg. fake news), the following reports by RT s Phelan, and R&U Vids, is real. The following footage is stunning, and very revealing . Battles continue between pro-government forces and rebels in Aleppo s Old City, with Damascus slowly winning back territory. RT s Lizzie Phelan and her crew were the first journalists to visit the neighborhoods just captured by the government.  Watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKmVqKVIB4M . The following is more footage of the Syrian Army advancing through the streets of East Aleppo. You can see multiple flags and insignias of listed terrorist fighting groups, once more proving that extremist terrorists forces   not  moderate rebels , had full operational control over East Aleppo. Watch this stunning footage:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eoHDkcmu-4 .. READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@21WIRE.TV",0
22329,LAME DUCK: New Obama Executive Action Opens Door to Unlimited Arms for Salafist Terrorists in Syria,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century Wire As 21WIRE reported earlier this week, in a historic turning point in a five-year bloody conflict, the Syrian Arab Army liberated the Old City of Aleppo from the hands of occupying terrorists and armed militants. This joint victory by Syria and Russia has caused a panic in Washington, however, as well as in London, Paris, Saudi Arabia and Qatar   all of whom hoped they would eventually destroy the entire city of Aleppo, and win their proxy war in the process. Prior to this week, the US-led  Coalition  still believed that they could somehow force a Syria-Russia military pause, and UN-enforced No Fly Zone or  Safe Zone    by continuing to back a militant opposition that has been occupying East Aleppo since 2012. Their epic failure has prompted yet another highly dangerous and desperate move by a lame duck US President   signing a new order which could deliver unlimited arms and support to  moderate terrorists in Syria. On Tuesday, President Barack Obama issued a White House memorandum (see full text below) to both the US State and Defense departments which waives any arms export control restrictions on providing  military assistance  to any and all  foreign forces  in Syria, according to a White House press release issued today. Presumably, this includes not only guns and ammunition, but also lethal TOW Missiles and RPGs (and anti-aircraft units?) for tens of thousands of extremist foreign fighters and Salafi terrorists currently operating inside Syria, as well as thousands of  US-trained and equipped fighters waiting in camp in both Turkey and Jordan.Not coincidentally, this comes on the same day the US Senate passed a defense bill by a majority vote of 92-7, which authorizes $611 billion in military spending through 2017.Although in 2016 the US allocated some $500 million in US taxpayer funds in order to  train and equip (arm) the so-called moderate rebels  in Syria via the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), it s still difficult to determine what is the total cost to date of Washington s support, both overt and covert, for rebel factions in Syria.This seemingly desperate move by Obama can only mean two things. Firstly, it demonstrates that the US and its allies are doggedly determined to prolong one of the bloodiest and dirtiest wars in recent history. Secondly, it signals a last-ditch act of desperation on the part of a President who will be viewed as a perennial loser in a failed proxy war that lasted over 5 years, costing tens of billions of dollars and hundreds of thousands of lives.The executive action also gives additional weight to this week s statement by US State Dept spokesperson Elizabeth Trudeau who stated: Even if Aleppo falls, certainly the war is not over. But our position has not changed on that. Is the outgoing White House trying to plunge the next Administration into a deeper commitment to an unwinnable proxy war in the Middle East?As far as diplomacy is concerned, the agenda couldn t be clearer. This is an all-too-familiar pattern that we ve become used to throughout Washington s endless Syria debacle. While Kerry pretends to negotiate a diplomatic ceasefire or  peace deal  over the table somewhere in Europe, operatives in Washington execute some irrational moves under the table specifically designed to sabotage any real bilateral agreement. Whether it s an US air strike against Syrian Army, a fabricated chemical weapons claim against the Syrian armed forces, or a false flag attack on a UN Aid Convoy the US seems to always pull a trick card when the promise of an agreement is near.According to RT reports from today s OECD talks in Hamburg, Germany, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov (image, right) hit back at a recent allegation made by US State Department spokesman Mark Toner who had accused Russia of not actually fighting Jabhat al-Nusra (Al Nusra) terrorists in Syria, but rather that Russia was instead attacking the US-backed  moderate opposition.  Lavrov replied simply by stating, As for Jabhat al-Nusra, the US is not only not touching it, but also tried to negotiate our agreements in a way which let al-Nusra remain unpunished.  He then explained that this group is listed by the UN as a designated terrorist organization, adding that, surely, we cannot accept it. Washington s  name game  of refusing to call a terrorist a terrorist should be old hat by now. Back in September, Lavrov had managed to get US Secretary of State John Kerry to agree to target leading terrorist opposition force Al Nusra Front (al Qaeda in Syria, supported covertly by both the Saudi Arabia and the US/CIA), but this and other provisional ceasefire arrangements quickly collapsed after the US targeted and killed at least 70 Syrian Army soldiers   a brutal operation which allowed ISIS forces to advance towards the key city of Deir el-Zour. This prompted a rather embarrassing public tantrum by Washington s UN Ambassador Samantha Power.Meanwhile, there was a near complete media blackout and no real national discussion over the Stop Arming Terrorists Act introduced by Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (D-HI), which would prohibit the U.S. government from using American taxpayer dollars to provide funding, weapons, training, and intelligence support to groups like Jabhat Fateh al-Sham, al Nusra, al-Qaeda and ISIS, or to countries who are providing direct or indirect support to those same groups, including Saudi Arabia, Qatar and also Israel (see Israeli support for al Qaeda). Not surprisingly, most US Congressmen and Senators oppose such a move   which speaks volumes as to the level of corruption present in Washington today.Once again, Washington drives another impossible wedge into delicate diplomatic negotiations Obama s latest decree stipulates that new arms shipments and military provisions will fall under the banner of  fighting terrorism,  (see the official document below) when in reality, the stated US intention and policies regarding supplying weapons to  moderate opposition Syria who have never actually fought ISIS. Instead, weapons are transferred to armed opposition paramilitaries (including listed Terrorist groups like Al Nusra Front and its numerous affiliates, and even into the hands of ISIS themselves). In reality, these US Coalition-supplied militants are really fighting against the Syrian Army   and not ISIS, and they do so with the expressed intention of overthrowing the Syrian Government led by President Bashar al-Assad. This same regime change is also the stated policy of the US and its allies, and yet Washington is still carrying on with its political charade regardless.Here is the Presidential Memorandum posted on the White House website this afternoon:Presidential Determination and Waiver   Pursuant to Section 2249a of Title 10, United States Code, and Sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act to Support U.S. Special Operations to Combat Terrorism in SyriaDecember 8, 2016Presidential Determination No. 2017-05MEMORANDUM FOR THE SECRETARY OF STATE THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSESUBJECT: Presidential Determination and Waiver Pursuant to Section 2249a of Title 10, United States Code, and Sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act to Support U.S. Special Operations to Combat Terrorism in SyriaBy the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, including section 2249a of title 10, United States Code, sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA) (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2781), and section 301 of title 3, United States Code, I hereby:The Secretary of Defense is authorized and directed to publish this determination in the Federal Register.BARACK OBAMA [signed]***During recent peace negotiations in Rome and Hamburg, Sergey Lavrov made it clear that past Washington attempts to deliberately obfuscate and confuse the issue would not work this time   which has no doubt infuriated Washington who has always reserved the right to pull a bait-and-switch, or simply lie its way through negotiations   either to buy time for terrorist ground forces, or simply to railroad any actual agreement before the signing stage. This was certainly the case over the weekend in Rome when, according to RT, Lavrov emphasised that, John Kerry passed on to us proposals from Washington that are in line with the suggestions [on Syria] from Russia s experts.   Then, like clockwork, Washington withdrew the proposal two days later.Accustomed to US double-dealing over Syria, Lavrov seemed to take it stride, saying on Tuesday, They have withdrawn their document and have a new one. Our initial impression is that this new document backtracks, and is an attempt to buy time for the militants, allow them to catch their breath and resupply. Lavrov also chided the UN special envoy to Syria, Staffan de Mistura, to stop sabotaging the Geneva Syria peace talks.Meanwhile, terrorist-occupied East Aleppo was liberated by Government forces. That was Washington s last card in Aleppo, and now it s gone. WESTERN DOUBLESPEAK:  Moderate Rebels  in Syria. Despite now Washington s farcical legal evasion claiming how it is shipping arms into Syria in order to help the long-defunct, albeit aspirational construct, the  Free Syrian Army,  in the supposed  fight against ISIS,  bureaucrats can no longer hide their true intentions. It should also be noted that by arming internationally recognized terrorists fighters   Washington and any other allies involved in these illicit operations   are in direct violation of United States Anti-Terrorism laws, as well as similar European and international laws. However, because this has been a bipartisan effort from the beginning, co-steered by key Republicans including John McCain, Ed Royce, and Mike Rogers   no such indictments may ever be brought against Washington s criminal weapons traffickers. If such a case were ever prosecuted, then every US politician involved in this operation, both Democrat and Republican as well as agency officials, could, in theory, be charged with providing material support and lethal aid to known terrorist entities. Perhaps for this reason, the US and its allies have avoided specifically naming Al Nusra Front and its terror affiliates in most of the language in their official pronouncements of  rebel  support.RT dispatches added the following statement on Wednesday from retired US Army Colonel Larry Wilkerson, who is urging Washington DC to end the spilling of blood in Syria, citing that all western attempts to oust Assad have failed: There is an old theory in international relations that some wars have to be won. Well, this is one that has been won and it has been won by Assad and his allies,  Wilkerson said. The official elaborated that the West should  recognize that to stop the killing, to stop the slaughter, to stop the bloodshed. Stability in this case is better than what we have right now. It would be the same in Libya. We opened Pandora s box in Libya too and look what we have now. Since attempts to drive out the legitimate Syrian President have failed, the international community needs to  make accommodation with him [Assad] We need to bring some stability back to Syria,  Wilkerson concluded.Only two days ago, on the anniversary of Pearl Harbor, President Obama could be seen grandstanding, and boasting about all of his supposed  security  achievements at a speech he gave at CENTCOM HQ at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida. On January 20th, I will become the first president of the United States to serve two full terms during a time of war.  he said.What Obama seems to forget is that all of his wars were done in absence of any real Article One Section 8 declaration of war by US Congress, only a vague  Authorization of Force rubber-stamp was applied. This is nothing more than an expedient lawyer s end-run around the US Constitution. From Iraq, to Afghanistan, to Libya, to Syria, and Yemen (not to mention covert actions in the Ukraine)   all of these are undeclared wars of aggression, for which Germany was also implicated over its actions from 1939, which was also the basis for the draft text in the Nuremberg Principles.The NYT adds:  He [Obama] defended an approach to fighting wars that did not bankrupt the Treasury or cause thousands of deaths. He noted, for instance, that he has spent $10 billion over the last two years fighting the Islamic State   the same amount of money President George W. Bush spent in just one month fighting the Iraq War. So right after he brags to a crowd of hapless US servicemen about how he defeated ISIS on the cheap, Obama signs a blank check to arm legions of murdering terrorists already running amok in Syria.Is this the final act of a President who fears that his all-important legacy is slipping away in the waning weeks of his own eight year regime?Obama s legacy is written already, however. It s one of overall nonexistent leadership, punctuated by a shifty foreign policy that s been littered with failure, enabled through executive criminality and repeated lies   and underlined by a total disregard for international law.This, from a man who was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize even before he served a day in office.That is Obama s legacy.*** EDITOR S NOTE: See Patrick Henningsen discuss Obama s latest move with RT International news on Thursday: . READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@21WIRE.TV",0
22330,Boiler Room EP #87,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki of Alt Right Blogspot, Stewart Howe, Randy J (both of 21st Century Wire), Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East, Jay Dyer, author of Esoteric Hollywood and other Boiler regulars if we can drag them out of their deep state research for the 87th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the plants, put the kids to bed and get your favorite snuggy out so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! Listen to  Boiler Room #87  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22331,Strange: Trump ‘Internet Takeover’ Fear Story Calls For Canada to Manage Net Archive,"21st Century Wire says A red flag went up when we saw this story. We ll let you decide what you think this is Brewster Kahle (photo, left), co-founder of Archive.org, one of the internet s permanent default archive sources, said last week,  On 9 November in America, we woke up to a new administration promising radical change,  and went on to sound the alarm for Americans to create a  safe back-up  of the Archive  in neighboring Canada (see IBT story below).In actuality, there has been no policy talk of a  internet crackdown  by the incoming Trump Administration, so where is this talking point coming from, and what does this really mean?Looking past the obvious partisan rhetoric, is this a signal by the Establishment that Canada (British Commonwealth) might be taking over the management of the internet s archive? Another step towards globalization?Aside from the fact that Kahle is opportunistically using an off-handed campaign comment by Trump to drive his latest fundraising appeal, his comments are ill-informed and misleading for other reasons. Granted, Donald Trump made a number of wild and incendiary statements on the campaign trail, and certainly we have seen many people in politics and media taking each of those comments literally, and even inflating them for their own political ends. However, the facts show that internet freedom and state authoritarian policies are not issues limited to any one political figure, or party. State control and attacks on the internet have steadily increased over the last 16 years by both the Bush AND Obama Administrations   as members of BOTH parties try to push through new corporate control measures like SOPA, PIPA, ACTA and CISPA, but also across the board efforts to increase warrantless wire-tapping and data collection of all America citizens, as well a foreign ones too.So why single out Trump as the rally cry to move operations north to Canada?The culture in Canadian politics is very much towards globalist power arrangements. Canada is a major backer of TPP and TTIP. We ve already seen Establishment moves to move a number of key internet functions offshore and into transnational corporate hands, specifically with the International Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ICANN. Here we see a crucial internet function being pushed into the realm of impersonal TPP and TTIP transnational corporate regimes. Make no mistake, the TPP agenda and the ICANN debate are absolutely linked.Consider this. As of October 3, 2016, ICANN seems to have left US public hands, into a transnational collective: At midnight Saturday the United States ceded control of the Internet s address system when the management contract between the Department of Commerce and the non-profit Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN)  expired. Since 1998  ICANN has run the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) function that approves domain names such as .com, .ca, .gov and others. Is state, or corporate control of internet and free speech rights any better in Canada, or in its British Commonwealth overlord the UK? This is where it gets worrying. The Verge reports,  The UK is about to become one of the world s foremost surveillance states, allowing its police and intelligence agencies to spy on its own people to a degree that is unprecedented for a democracy. The UN s privacy chief has called the situation  worse than scary.  Edward Snowden says it s simply  the most extreme surveillance in the history of western democracy. The legislation in question is called the Investigatory Powers Bill. It s been cleared by politicians and granted royal assent on November 29th   officially becoming law. The bill will legalize the UK s global surveillance program, which scoops up communications data from around the world, but it will also introduce new domestic powers, including a government database that stores the web history of every citizen in the country. UK spies will be empowered to hack individuals, internet infrastructure, and even whole towns   if the government deems it necessary. Presumably, and like everything in its Mother Kingdom, Canadian political elites are completely on board with all of that. Moreover, Canada s own bourgeoning police state is very real indeed.Americans should be extra skeptical of any talk of Canada as some uptopian cyber-safehaven. Perhaps it s a better idea that Americans get engaged with these important issues at home, and stand and fight for freedom inside the USA   and not capitulate by fleeing to Canada   which in the case of the internet, will only play into the hands of the globalists  Agamoni Ghosh International Business TimesThe Internet Archive, a US-based nonprofit digital library that preserves billions of webpages for historical record, is preparing to build a backup archive in Canada over fears of intrusion US President-elect Donald Trump. On 9 November in America, we woke up to a new administration promising radical change,  writes founder Brewster Kahle in a blog post.  It was a firm reminder that institutions like ours, built for the long-term, need to design for change. For us, it means keeping our cultural materials safe, private and perpetually accessible. It means preparing for a web that may face greater restrictions. It means serving patrons in a world in which government surveillance is not going away. The organisation, which relies heavily on grants and donations, is now asking for help from its loyal donors and others who would like to see the Internet Archive last forever without any censorship. This project will cost millions. So this is the one time of the year I will ask you: please make a tax-deductible donation to help make sure the Internet Archive lasts forever, writes Kahle.The organisation, which as of May 2014 had 15 petabytes (1000 terabytes) of data storage, provides free public access to collections of digitised materials. The archive stores web sites, software applications and games, music, movies, moving images and nearly three million public-domain books. Kahle says moving this humongous archive would protect it from efforts to take down specific content. The replica archive will also make it harder to request data on user activity by authorities.During his campaign, Trump had taken a rigid stance on internet censorship and even mentioned that the tech industry needs to  close that internet up  to stop the spread of extremism. Somebody will say,  Oh, freedom of speech, freedom of speech. These are foolish people,   he said earlier...Continue this story at IBTREAD MORE NET NEUTRALITY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Net Files",0
22332,Patrick Henningsen LIVE with guest Sean Stone – ‘Project for a New Global Government?’,"Join Patrick every week here at 21WIRE.TV for news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 4 The New World Order  Did Great Britain regain control of its former American colonies by stealth? From Cecil Rhodes and his Round Table, to H.G. Wells, to Henry Kissinger and Zbigniew Brzezinski   many have worked to steer the world beyond the modern nation state and into Technetronic Era of global government. But to what end?Host Patrick Henningsen talks to Sean Stone, author of the new book, New World Order: A Strategy for Imperialism. Listen:   END 927 Download Link  START 999 Download Link Download this podcast  END 999 Download Link This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.READ MORE NWO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NWO Files",0
22333,Fake ‘US embassy’ Bust in Ghana Exposes Danger of EU Schengen Deal with Turkey,"21st Century Wire says Here is a perfect example of a story where the mainstream media will treat the surface narrative   without identifying the real underlying scoop The Reuters report below reveals how a recent police raid of a phony back alley  US Embassy  in the African capital city of Accra, Ghana, netted seizures of a number of illicit travel documents, including authentic European Union Schengen Zone travel visas. It turns out that this organized crime operation was being run by a Turkish crime syndicate This is distrurbing when considered in conjunction with recent demands by Turkey and its President Tayip Erdo an, to be given Schengen Zone free travel throughout the EU for all Turkish citizens  (Image Source: California Courier)Last year, Turkey was effectively using the Syrian refugee crisis to blackmail the EU into paying Ankara 3 Billion Euros in cash as well as Schengen free movement for Turks in and out of the EU. 21WIRE raised the alarm over one year ago   that if Turkey was given a green light by bureaucrats in Brussels for EU travel, then this would potentially enable thousands of ISIS, Al Nusra Front and other salafi terrorists who ve been allowed to roam freely since 2011 into Turkey (with the blessing of the Turkish government) over the Syrian border. Terrorism and organized crime go hand in hand. Can the Turkish government, who is already implicated in aiding and abetting terrorist fighters along its  Jihadi Highway,  really guarantee that there will not be mass document fraud   including Turkish passports for various terrorists moving freely throughout its country?The Ghana syndicate shows just how deeply entrenched Turkish organized crime is in the business of forging visa travel documents. Another reason to be worried about opening up Europe to Turkey . Reuters  Authorities in Ghana have busted a fake US embassy in the capital Accra run by a criminal network that for a decade issued illegally obtained authentic visas, the US State Department has said.Until it was shut down, the sham embassy was housed in a rundown, pink two-storey building with a corrugated iron roof and flew an American flag outside. Inside hung a portrait of the US president, Barack Obama. It was not operated by the United States government, but by figures from both Ghanaian and Turkish organised crime rings and a Ghanaian attorney practising immigration and criminal law,  the State Department said in a statement.Turkish citizens who spoke English and Dutch posed as consular officers and staffed the operation. Investigations also uncovered a fake Dutch embassy, the State Department said.Officials in the Netherlands were not immediately reachable for comment on Sunday.The crime ring issued fraudulently obtained but legitimate US visas and false identification documents, including birth certificates at a cost of $6,000 ( 4,700) each, the statement said.During raids that led to a number of arrests, authorities also seized authentic and counterfeit Indian, South African and Schengen zone visas and 150 passports from 10 different countries along with a laptop and smartphones Continue this article at The GuardianREAD MORE TURKEY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Turkey Files",0
22334,George Lucas Gives Verdict on New Star Wars Spin-off ‘Rogue One’,"Jack Shepherd The IndependentDespite George Lucas selling the rights to Star Wars to Disney years ago, the creator remains integrally linked to the series.According to Rogue One director Gareth Edwards, Lucas has now seen the upcoming spin-off and, much to everyone s relief, thoroughly enjoyed the film.Speaking to an audience of journalists, Edwards told of how Lucas s opinion was the  most important  one, and his reaction meant he could  die a happy man .According to Sunday World, Edwards said:  Two days ago we got to show George the more, and we all had a phone call and I got to speak with him yesterday, and I don t want to put words into his mouth, but I can honestly say that I can die happy now Continue this story at The IndependentREAD MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood Files",0
22335,Globalization’s Inside Man: The Problem with David Petraeus in Trump’s Cabinet,"21st Century Wire says If you re going to  drain the swamp  then the last thing you want to do is set a 500 lb crocodile loose into the marshes. Throughout his campaign, President-Elect Donald J. Trump was adamant about getting rid of the redundant North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). So why then is he courting globalist acolyte David Petraeus?Back in 2014, The New American reported: Former general and CIA chief David Petraeus (shown), a key figure in the globalist Council on Foreign Relations and the shadowy Bilderberg network, boasted at a recent conference that the United States of America is set to be merged into the continental regime being erected under the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Speaking at the Margaret Thatcher Conference on Liberty last week in London, the ex-commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan and Iraq essentially celebrated the end of U.S. independence   and by extension, the demise of the Constitution.   After America comes North America,  Petraeus said confidently in answering the question about what comes after the United States, the theme of the panel discussion.  Are we on the threshold of the North American decade, question mark? I threw that away   threw away the question mark   and boldly proclaimed the coming North American decade, says the title now.  He also boasted about how the three economies have been put  together  over the last 20 years as part of the  implementation  of the North American Free Trade Act Undoubtedly, Petraeus is not only a devotee of NAFTA (and the TPP and TTIP), but he is a career committed globalist.What s worse however, is that after his disgraceful exit from Washington, David Petraeus has become a regular attendee at the transatlantic elite globalist confab known as the Bilderberg Meeting   a meeting where North American and European corporate elites, billionaires and corrupted politicians meet in secret behind closed-door to decide the coming year s political and economic  agenda    completely outside of any democratic accountability.So from a globalization perspective, Petraeus has already sold US national sovereignty down the river, and into the swamp. In terms of anything Trump was campaigning on, Petraeus would be globalist embed in his cabinet.From a military perspective, when you throw away the hype, you might find that David Petraeus is one of the most over-rated figures in US military history. After the unmitigated disaster that was Iraq War, Petraeus was awarded the lofty title of ,  The Architect of The Surge,  referring to the 2007 troop surge in Iraq, which itself was a complete media creation after-the-fact, designed to rehabilitate President Bush s abject failure, but also to re-inflate Petraeus s public image in the wake of his own mishandling of classified intelligence into the hands of Deep State operative Paula Broadwell   the woman he was having an extramarital affair with. Petraeus was not only incompetent as a military man (see article below), he had passed state secrets to his mistress while he was head of the CIA before resigning in 2012.Normally, a disastrous record such as this would disqualify any person from ever serving in public office again   but Petraeus is special   he s one of the globalists  most trusted inside men. That s why his path is constantly being paved ahead of him.Many Trump voters rejected Hillary Clinton for her own horrendous private email server debacle   so why would they accept a highly compromised (and convicted) man in Petraeus. If Trump is considering Petraeus for any role in his government   this would be the absolute height of hypocrisy, and should be called out as such.Everyone should read the article below written by veteran CIA Analyst Ray McGovern. Listen to McGovern s recent interview on Patrick Henningsen LIVE last week on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX Consortium News Exclusive: President-elect Trump s promise to  drain the swamp  of Washington seems forgotten   like so many political promises   as he meets with swamp creatures, such as disgraced Gen. David Petraeus, says ex-CIA analyst Ray McGovern .By Ray McGovern  The news that President-elect Donald Trump called in disgraced retired Gen. David Petraeus for a job interview as possible Secretary of State tests whether Trump s experience in hosting  The Celebrity Apprentice  honed his skills for spotting an incompetent phony or not.Does Trump need more data than the continuing bedlam in Iraq and Afghanistan to understand that one can earn a Princeton PhD by writing erudite-sounding drivel about  counterinsurgency  and still flunk war? Granted, the shambles in which Petraeus left Iraq and Afghanistan were probably more a result of his overweening careerism and political ambition than his misapplication of military strategy. But does that make it any more excusable?In 2007, Adm. William Fallon, commander of CENTCOM with four decades of active-duty experience behind him, quickly took the measure of Petraeus, who was one of his subordinates while implementing a  surge  of over 30,000 U.S. troops into Iraq.Several sources reported that Fallon was sickened by Petraeus s unctuous pandering to ingratiate himself. Fallon is said to have been so turned off by all the accolades in the flowery introduction given him by Petraeus that he called him to his face  an ass-kissing little chickenshit,  adding,  I hate people like that. Sadly, Petraeus s sycophancy is not uncommon among general officers. Uncommon was Fallon s outspoken candor.The past decade has shown that obsequiousness to those above him and callousness toward others are two of Petraeus s most notable character traits. They go along with his lack of military acumen and his dishonesty as revealed in his lying to the FBI about handing over top-secret notebooks to his biographer/lover, an  indiscretion  that would have landed a less well-connected person in jail but instead got him only a mild slap on the wrist (via a misdemeanor guilty plea).Indeed, Petraeus, the epitome of a  political general,  represents some of the slimiest depths of the Washington  swamp  that President-elect Trump has vowed to drain. Petraeus cares desperately about the feelings of his fellow elites but shows shocking disdain for the suffering of other human beings who are not so important.In early 2011 in Afghanistan, Petraeus shocked aides to then-President Hamid Karzai after many children were burned to death in a  coalition  attack in northeastern Afghanistan by suggesting that Afghan parents may have burned their own children to exaggerate their claims of civilian casualties and discredit the U.S., reported The Washington Post, citing two participants at the meeting. Killing 60 people, and then blaming the killing on those same people, rather than apologizing for any deaths? This is inhuman,  one Afghan official said.  This is a really terrible situation. Yet, on other occasions, the politically savvy Petraeus can be a paragon of sensitivity   like when he is in danger of getting crosswise with the Israel Lobby.Never did Petraeus s fawning shine through with more brilliance, than when an (unintentionally disclosed) email exchange showed him groveling before arch-neocon Max Boot, beseeching Boot s help in fending off charges that Petraeus was  anti-Israel  because his prepared testimony to a congressional committee included the no-brainer observations that Israeli-Palestinian hostility presents  distinct challenges to our ability to advance our interests  and that  this conflict foments anti-American sentiment, due to a perception of U.S. favoritism for Israel.   Meanwhile, al-Qaeda and other militant groups exploit that anger to mobilize support. So, telling the truth (perhaps accidentally in prepared testimony) made Petraeus squirm with fear about offending the powerful Israel Lobby, but he apparently didn t hesitate to lie to FBI agents when he was caught in a tight spot for sharing highly sensitive intelligence with Paula Broadwell, his mistress/biographer. But, again, Petraeus realized that it helps to have influential friends. A court gave him a slap on the wrist with a sentence of two years probation and a fine of $100,000   which is less than he usually makes for a single speaking engagement Continue this article at Consortium NewsREAD MORE BILDERBERG NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bilderberg Files",0
22336,"WAR ON WORDS: Facebook Censorship Widens, Website to Curate ‘Favored’ News","21st Century Wire says The US media s neoMcCarthy-like witch hunt continues as social media giant Facebook creates a newly designed feature that allows the website to curate  favored news  in its News Feed section.A new feature called  Collections  created by Facebook appears to be yet another exercise in formalizing group think  specifically designed to highlight  approved  mainstream  news , while serving to push down or quell any political piece or issue which falls outside prescribed mainstream Western media talking points. The feature is called Collections and functions similarly to Snapchat s Discover section, which showcases news stories, listicles, videos, and other content submitted by handpicked media partners.  (see report below)It s unclear just how far Facebook is prepared to go in filtering user content, but it appears that the social media platform is introducing a brand new level of algorithmic automated censorship that could potentially create a virtual  blacklist  of online media websites and articles   something which could have a lasting impact on freedom of the press and free speech well into the future.In essence, Facebook s new restrictions smack of Orwellian thought control  Over the past month, The Washington Post published an irresponsible propaganda piece that blamed the 2016 US election results on  fake news  dispensed via sophisticated Russian propaganda. These accusations of course were completely unfounded, deliberately feeding into a paranoid trial by media format that is no doubt echoed by US government sock puppet accounts that act as a digital firing squad by redirecting public perception.SEE ALSO: Washington Post Sloppy  Journalism  Blames Russia for  Fake News  Crisis and Trump s Win, While Pushing Neo-McCarthyismWhile the US mainstream media contends that  fake news  somehow altered the 2016 presidential election cycle, it s important to remember that the US government has some pedigree here, having been behind the creation of bogus social media accounts and personalities for years now.Back in 2011, The UK s Guardian reported that the US government via CENTCOM, was looking to gain a foothold over information shared on the internet through fake online personal accounts: The discovery that the US military is developing false online personalities   known to users of social media as  sock puppets    could also encourage other governments, private companies and non-government organisations to do the same.The Centcom contract stipulates that each fake online persona must have a convincing background, history and supporting details, and that up to 50 US-based controllers should be able to operate false identities from their workstations  without fear of being discovered by sophisticated adversaries . This is just one example. Who really knows how widespread this practice is.You can expect a litany of allegations to continue from the mainstream, along with their faux war on fake news sites which has been used deliberately to discredit and frame genuine investigative analysis in alternative media, its intended target. Western media s anti-Russian hyperbole has morphed and broadened somewhat, thanks to Facebook, Google and Twitter and the alphabet establishment news agencies, Washington has a new go-to scapegoat joining the tired old Russian  hack  meme   independent media.Facebook s new tool to restrict certain posts has already created a backlash as several employees have recently quit the social media site Business Insider reports: Facebook has created a censorship tool to automatically suppress certain posts in specific geographic areas   and several employees who worked on the project quit in dismay, reports the New York Times.This software would give third parties, like internet service providers, the ability to monitor Facebook for popular stories, and suppress them at will. Additional censorship will be administered via a web browser plug-in called the  BS Detector  promoted on the Google Chrome App Store   which labels web articles along political lines.As readers can see, 21st Century Wire is at the top of the list of websites that will be defamed and censored here:https://github.com/selfagency/bs-detector/blob/master/chrome/data/data.json With the blessing of Washington, social engineers in the Silicon Valley will now begin parsing internet content into categories like  Conspiracy Theory  (anything which challenges any official version of events),  Biased  (alternative media opinion critical of the Establishment or government),  Hate  (any article which violates politically correct language), State Run  (targeting Russia s RT and Iran s Press TV, but not the BBC, NPR, Voice of America, or Pentagon & CIA-affiliated CNN), and  Junk Science  (any content which challenges the UN party line on  climate change . This level of social control is almost exactly a depicted in Huxley s dystopian classic, Brave New World.More from Business Insider below . Alex Heath Business InsiderFacebook is working on a new feature that will showcase lists of curated content from publishers directly in the News Feed, according to two people familiar with the project and internal documentation seen by Business Insider.The feature is called Collections and functions similarly to Snapchat s Discover section, which showcases news stories, listicles, videos, and other content submitted by handpicked media partners.Facebook has approached media and entertainment companies in recent weeks to create content for Collections, but has not given a time frame for when the feature will be made available.A Facebook spokesman declined to comment for this story.More from Business Insider here READ MORE MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22337,Boiler Room EP #86 – Kek Comes To Pizzatown,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Patrick Henningsen of 21st Century Wire,  Andy Nowicki of Alt Right Blogspot, Stewart Howe, Randy J (both of 21st Century Wire), Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East and other Boiler regulars if we can drag them out of their deep state research for the 86th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the plants, put the kids to bed and get your favorite snuggy out so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust.Caller line is open tonight: 1-218-936-0912 passcode: 267457#Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Listen to  Boiler Room #86  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22338,ON THE INSIDE: Ex-Goldman Sachs Partner Tapped for US Treasury – Joined by Rothschild Linked Commerce Secretary Pick,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WirePresident-elect Donald Trump continues to fill key positions in the White House and in the process, there have already been some controversial cabinet selections. This week the Trump transition team named former Goldman Sachs partner and ex-Soros Fund Management employee (turned Hollywood financier), Steve Mnuchin, as the US Treasury Secretary.The Mnuchin pick, arrives simultaneously as long time billionaire pal of Trump, Wilbur Ross, former head of  Rothschild Inc s bankruptcy advisory business,  becomes Commerce Secretary.While Trump s cabinet nominees for the White House have not yet been set in stone, the two selections mentioned above represent the type of financial syndicate we ve seen in the Washington swamp for many years.  TOO BIG TO FAIL    (Photo Illustration Shawn Helton of 21WIRE)The Financial Crisis & Goldman Sachs In April of 2016, Mnuchin was tasked with being the finance chairman of Trump s 2016 presidential campaign, paving the way for another Wall Street insider to head to the White House.In early November, sources close to CNBC floated the idea that formerly scandal plagued JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, was also up for consideration for US Treasury Secretary before Mnuchin, a long time acquaintance of Trump was officially named.The Mnuchin selection appears at odds with Trump s anti-Wall Street campaign rhetoric, as well as his  drain the swamp  mantra echoed towards the tail end of his presidential run.In fact, the optics of Mnuchin s appointment, seems to strike at the heart of the sub-prime mortgage-backed security lending which led to the 2007-2008 banking crisis.During the economic crash, extremely high risk subprime mortgage-backed securities were crafted from bundled loans. A large amount of these types of mortgages were adjustable rate mortgages, where interests rates would be fixed for a certain number of years, eventually sky rocketing to astronomical increases, subsequently putting the burrower under water as the banks continued to sell these loans to investors. This was a critical aspect that led directly to the foreclosure crisis that swept across the nation in the aftermath of 2008.According to an article featured in the money section of the website of How Stuff Works, we are reminded of the devastating effects of the 2007-2008 crash: In just the month of August 2008, one out of every 416 households in the United States had a new foreclosure filed against it [source: RealtyTrac]. When borrowers stopped making payments on their mortgages, MBSs [mortgage-backed security] began to perform poorly. The average collateralized debt obligation (CDO) lost about half of its value between 2006 and 2008 [source: This American Life]. And since the riskiest (and highest returning) CDOs were comprised of subprime mortgages, they became worthless after the nationwide increase in loan defaults began. Continuing, the article outlines how the hedge-fund Wall Street casino made a fortune by packaging mortgages into bonds to sell to investors: After MBSs hit the financial markets, they were reshaped into a wide variety of financial instruments with different amounts of risk. Interest-only derivatives divided the interest payments made on a mortgage among investors. If interest rates rise, the return is good. If rates fall and homeowners refinance, then the security loses value. In a bold and controversial move, the president-elect s administration by way of Mnuchin, is looking to derail the Dodd-Frank Act, which was put in place in 2010 as a moderate buffer (if at all?) to restrict the type of bank lending that led to the most recent financial crash in 2008. However, naysayers of the  protective act  say it s much to soft on Wall Street, which is in need of tougher restrictions, as any new deregulation could be seen as an attempt to increase the coffers of larger investment banks.In the passage below, The New American expands on this idea through revelations released by the NY Times: According to the text of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the law is supposed  to promote the financial stability of the United States by improving accountability and transparency in the financial system, to end  too big to fail,  [and] to protect the American taxpayer by ending bailouts. However, as is usually the case with federal laws, Dodd-Frank does precisely the opposite.  In fact,  reports the New York Times  Gretchen Morgenson:Dodd-Frank actually widened the federal safety net for big institutions. Under that law, eight more giants were granted the right to tap the Federal Reserve for funding when the next crisis hits. At the same time, those eight may avoid Dodd-Frank measures that govern how we re supposed to wind down institutions that get into trouble.   MONEY MAN    Ex-partner of Goldman Sachs Steve Mnuchin nominated to head the US Treasury. (Image Source: mgtvwten.files.wordpress.com)Although Mnuchin has cited that there s a need to restructure the Dodd-Frank Act because it would bring economic growth to regional banks and potentially open lending up to smaller businesses   there is still a fear that this may be a revolving door for the central banks to profit from as well.Zerohedge provides additional background details regarding Munchin s career in banking: Some more on Mnuchin s background: starting his career in the early 1980s as a trainee at Salomon Brothers before moving to Goldman Sachs in 1985, Mnuchin was front and center for the advent of instruments like collateralized debt obligations and credit default swaps. He has called securitization  an extremely positive development in terms of being able to finance different parts of the economy and different businesses efficiently.  The pitfalls of the financing method came later, he s said.Mnuchin s father, Robert Mnuchin, was a partner at Goldman Sachs in the 1960s. The second-youngest of five siblings, Steven attended the prestigious Riverdale Country School and then Yale University, where his roommate was Edward Lampert, who would go on to become a hedge-fund manager and owner of Sears. In addition to Goldman, Mnuchin also worked at Soros Fund Management, whose founder, George Soros, has funded many left-leaning causes. Where it gets even more bizarre is that Mnuchin has donated frequently to Democrats, including to Clinton and Barack Obama. As a hedge fund manager, Mnuchin is part of a group of business people Trump has excoriated. In August, Trump said hedge fund managers were  getting away with murder  as he touted his proposal to end the so-called carried interest loophole, which gives private equity and hedge fund managers preferential tax treatment. The hedge fund guys didn t build this country,  Trump said at the time on CBS  Face the Nation.  These are guys that shift paper around and they get lucky,  he said.  They are energetic. They are very smart. But a lot of them they are paper-pushers. They make a fortune. They pay no tax. It s ridiculous. Trump s disdain for Wall Street during his campaign run won t soon be forgotten by his supporters as the president-elect s antithetical banking rhetoric will only be magnified by bringing Mnuchin (along with his banking and hedge fund past) into the fold.Mnuchin s confirmation could be a contentious affair (if only for show) due to money made after his purchase of California s IndyMac following the financial crisis. Bloomberg recently stated the following concerning Mnuchin s role in the aftermath of the banking and housing meltdown: In 2009, during the depths of the financial crisis, Mnuchin joined with a group of former Goldman Sachs colleagues and billionaires to buy the remnants of IndyMac, which had collapsed after bingeing on reckless home loans during the frenzy of California s subprime-mortgage boom. They changed the name to OneWest, turned it around and sold the bank for a big gain last year. Continuing, Bloomberg outlines how Mnuchin may have seized on a financial opportunity but stops short of condemning the US Treasury nominee: It s unclear whether OneWest s practices were worse than those of other banks during the financial crisis or how much blame Mnuchin deserves for problems at a financial institution that was troubled before he bought it.Mnuchin declined to comment through a spokesman. But former OneWest Vice Chairman David Fawer said in a statement that the bank inherited loans from IndyMac with  extraordinarily high delinquency rates  and  worked tirelessly to modify thousands of loans to help homeowners through the financial crisis.  The bank has pointed to positive reviews of its foreclosure and loan-modification practices by the Obama Treasury Department, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. Interestingly, The Nation reported that Mnuchin purchased the failing IndyMac with an agreement to be  reimbursed  for costs associated to foreclosures that were financed by the company: The Mnuchin group paid FDIC $1.5 billion for the bank, far less than the value of IndyMac s assets. The FDIC was so desperate to unload IndyMac that Mnuchin and his colleagues were able to obtain, as part of the purchase deal, a so-called  shared loss  agreement from the FDIC which reimbursed these billionaires for much of their costs for foreclosing on people unlucky enough to have mortgages from IndyMac.Within a year, the group that the Los Angeles Times called a  billionaires  club of private financiers  had paid themselves dividends of $1.57 billion. In other words, the FDIC took much of the risk by subsidizing the bank s troubled assets, while Mnuchin and his colleagues pocketed the profits. Prior to considering Mnuchin, Trump was said to have considered former CEO of BB&T John Allison, an apparently harsh critic of the Federal Reserve banking system. The following was reported by Business Insider on November 28th: Trump will meet with John Allison, the former CEO of the bank BB&T and of the libertarian think tank the Cato Institute. There have been reports that Allison is being considered for Treasury secretary. Trump s has on the campaign trail questioned the future of the Federal Reserve s political independence, but Allison takes that rhetoric a step further. While running the the Cato Institute, Allison wrote a paper in support of abolishing the Fed.   CABINET PICK    President-elect Donald Trump with fellow billionaire investor Wilbur Ross and vice-president-elect Mike Pence. (Image Source: (mediad.publicbroadcasting) Insiders  & The White HouseJust as Mnuchin s financial behaviour will be under watch, the same will hold true for the newly tapped Commerce Secretary position to be filled by billionaire investor Wilbur Ross.A brief rundown of some of the more controversial aspects of Ross s past were recently published at Forbes: After an getting an MBA from Harvard, he spent two decades heading Rothschild Inc s bankruptcy advisory business, where he represented investors in Trump s failing Taj Mahal casino in the early 1990s. Ross and Carl Icahn convinced bondholders to strike a deal with Trump, who some investors wanted to push out, which allowed Trump to retain control of the property. Continuing, the article described how Ross invested in distressed coal companies in addition to banking opportunities: During the recession Ross targeted another struggling industry: banking. He invested in troubled banks in England, Greece and Cyprus. He was also part of a group of investors that acquired a 35% stake in the Bank of Ireland during the height of Europe s 2011 debt crisis. He sold the last of his stake in 2014, nearly tripling his initial investment. Ross has also reportedly bet hundreds of millions of dollars on downtrodden oil and gas firms since the price of oil began to slide more than two years ago. Incidentally, Ross has maintained a tough public position on so-called free trade deals like NAFTA and the soon-to-be defunct Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) but real questions still remain about his financial acquisitions during distressed times   is he a risk taking business visionary or a financial vulture?Ross has denied being a business liquidator for profit and states that he has worked to rebuild failing businesses.Whatever the case may be, Mnuchin and Ross have touted big corporate tax relief and large tax cuts to the middle class in the US. However, the public should be wary of their dealings with those on Wall Street and any new reform legislation aimed at deregulation.Banking deregulation and reform directed by Wall Street or one of their ilk, should be treated with great suspicion if history is any lesson Below is another look at a passage from a report I complied prior to the election entitled  PARTNERS IN CRIME: Goldman Sachs, The Clintons & Wall Street : In one of the most significant financial rulings in the modern era, the Clinton presidency gave big banks like Goldman Sachs the skeleton key to the kingdom by deregulating the investment banking system almost entirely.The Clinton/Goldman Sachs/Wall Street partnership was fully forged after the removal of the Glass-Steagall Act, which banking luminaries cynically named the  Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999  officially titled the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.  The original Glass-Steagall was a depression-age four-part provision under the Bank Act of 1933 that strictly prohibited securities activities that could be harmful to investors   the same sort of rogue speculating and paper fiat fraud which triggered the Great Depression (1929-1941). In fact, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act which repealed Glass-Steagall, opened the door for the  shadow banking  realm outside of regulatory oversight which led to a much higher trading risk, as banks became more interlinked.Simply put: Clinton s repeal of Glass-Steagell removed the firewall between speculative investment banking and regular high street retail and consumer banking   which exposed everyone to toxic, subprime ponzi schemes and fake paper products being pushed around the globe by the banking elite   which ultimately caused the global economy to crash in 2008. All that can be laid at the feet of one William Jefferson Clinton. And Hillary still claims that,  My husband did so well with the economy.  Really?In a cross-posted article featured at Huffington Post, Nomi Prins underscored the complicit nature of Wall Street and Washington after the removal of tighter bank regulations under the Clinton administration during the 1990 s: To grasp the dangers that the Big Six banks (JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley) presently pose to the financial stability of our nation and the world, you need to understand their history in Washington, starting with the Clinton years of the 1990s. Alliances established then (not exclusively with Democrats, since bankers are bipartisan by nature) enabled these firms to become as politically powerful as they are today and to exert that power over an unprecedented amount of capital. Rest assured of one thing: their past and present CEOs will prove as critical in backing a Hillary Clinton presidency as they were in enabling her husband s years in office. Prins herself was a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, senior managing director at Bear Stearns, as well as having worked as a senior strategist at the now defunct investment banking firm Lehman Brothers. Following the financial crash in 2007-2008, Prins blew the whistle on the banking world in a book entitled  It Takes a Pillage: Behind the Bonuses, Bailouts, and Backroom Deals from Washington to Wall Street. Prins has become an advocate for the reinstatement of the Glass-Steagall Act since departing from the investment banking world.The media outlet Common Dreams described the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group (becoming Citigroup), which was dubbed the  Citi-Travelers Act  on Capitol Hill. It was a conglomeration that went hand in hand with the Clinton administration s influence on banking deregulation marked by the repeal of Glass-Steagall: Then, in 1998, in an act of corporate civil disobedience, Citicorp and Travelers Group announced they were merging. Such a combination of banking and insurance companies was illegal under the Bank Holding Company Act, but was excused due to a loophole that provided a two-year review period of proposed mergers. The merger was premised on the expectation that Glass-Steagall would be repealed. Citigroup s co-chairs Sandy Weill and John Reed led a swarm of industry executives and lobbyists who trammeled the halls of Congress to make sure a deal was cut. At the time, it was the largest financial merger even though it was technically illegal, as stated by the former Bankers of America CEO Kenneth Guenther. In 1999, after 12 attempts in 25 years,  Congress passed the Financial Services Modernization Act, which led to the repeal of Glass-Steagall. Both of Trump s finance picks arrive with the all to familiar baggage witnessed within the beltway swamp   and if Mnuchin s and Ross s questionable pasts are to be accepted wholesale, it s difficult to imagine insiders of their pedigree turning over a new leaf for the  everyday man. The following is a screen shot of a statement released by former Goldman CEO and former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson regarding the Mnuchin pick. As a reminder, Paulson presided over the financial crisis and was US Treasury Secretary from 2006-2009. In 2008, amid a flurry of backlash, he authorized a $700 million dollar Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) banking bailout, masking the derivatives scam pulled by Wall Street s top brass:In 2010, CBS News cataloged the long relationship of Goldman Sachs and government,  revealing at least four dozen former employees, lobbyists or advisers at the highest reaches of power both in Washington and around the world. It s also worth noting that White House adviser Steve Bannon and adviser Anthony Scaramucci have also worked for banking behemoth Goldman Sachs.Will Washington see more Wall Street friendly policies under Trump? READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22339,"Patrick Henningsen LIVE with guest Ray McGovern – Podesta Emails Leaked, Not ‘Hacked’"," Join Patrick every week at 21WIRE.TV for news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 3  Did the Russians Do It? The 4th Estate become a fifth column, as The Washington Post loses the plot  scapegoating Russia over Wikileaks rather than face up to the Democratic Party s own electoral debacle. Also, how Podesta Emails likely LEAKED to Wikileaks from inside the US, not  hacked  by the Kremlin. And will Trump drain the swamp, or simply fill it up again? Host Patrick Henningsen talks to Ray McGovern, former CIA Analyst and founder of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity (VIPS) about these and many more topics. Listen: This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.comREAD MORE WIKILEAKS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Wikileaks Files",0
22340,Boiler Room EP #85.5 – Who’s Watching The Watchers?,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 5:00 PM PST | 7:00 PM CST | 8:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR host Hesher along with Boiler Room regular, Randy J, for episode 85 and a half of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in a special broadcast of Boiler Room. This week the Boiler is covering the House Oversight Committee s questioning of The Chief Strategy Officer of the Secret Service regarding the internal investigations in the wake of the Secret Service sex scandal in Cartagena and others. Hesher and Randy J break down the underlying themes and read between the lines with regards to the machinations of the deep state elements and the intent of the House Oversight Committee. The Boiler is also announcing its new time slot on Thursdays so adjust your calendars and routines accordingly and join the Boiler mind-trust for Boiler Room #68 on Thursday, Dec 1st.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Listen to  Boiler Room #85.5   Who Is Watching The Watchers?  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22341,"Washington Post attempts to smear Ron Paul Institute and others, as ‘Tools for Russian Propaganda’","21st Century Wire says As 21WIRE reported on Saturday, The Washington Post, once regard s as  America s paper of record,  appears to have gone off the edge of the mainstream media propaganda ridge last week, when it attempt to smear some 200 independent website, labelling these as accomplices in a grand Russian conspiracy to subvert Democracy in the United States. Among the websites placed on the new McCarthyist  Black List  being promoted by The Washington Post, is the Ron Paul Institute of Peace and Prosperity, a libertarian and liberty-based organization. Just as Hillary Clinton is not accepting the result of the Nov 8th election, RPI is not taking The Post s defamation sitting down Timberg s article can be seen as yet another big media attempt to shift the blame for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s loss of the presidential election away from Clinton, her campaign, and the Democratic National Committee (DNC) that undermined Sen Bernie Sanders  (I-VT) challenge to Clinton in the Democratic primary.  Washington Post billionaire owner and Hillary Clinton supporter Jeff Bezos (above) appears to be waging an anti-Russian crusade, attacking and defaming hundreds independent blogs in the US (Image Source: Now the End Begins)Adam Dick Ron Paul InstituteThe Washington Post has a history of misrepresenting Ron Paul s views. Last year the supposed newspaper of record ran a feature article by David A. Fahrenthold in which Fahrenthold grossly mischaracterized Paul as an advocate for calamity, oppression, and poverty   the opposite of the goals Paul routinely expresses and, indeed, expressed clearly in a speech at the event upon which Fahrenthold s article purported to report. Such fraudulent attacks on the prominent advocate for liberty and a noninterventionist foreign policy fall in line with the newspaper s agenda. As Future of Freedom Foundation President Jacob G. Hornberger put it in a February editorial, the Post s agenda is guided by  the interventionist mindset that undergirds the mainstream media. WaPo publishes article that says @RonPaulInstitut (and others) are ""sophisticated Russian propaganda"" https://t.co/r8QPFEH92X pic.twitter.com/E7wVbKY0vW  Ron Paul (@RonPaul) November 26, 2016On Thursday, the Post published a new article by Craig Timberg complaining of a  flood  of so-called fake news supported by  a sophisticated Russian propaganda campaign that created and spread misleading articles online with the goal of punishing Democrat Hillary Clinton, helping Republican Donald Trump and undermining faith in American democracy,  To advance this conclusion, Timberg points to PropOrNot, an organization of anonymous individuals formed this year, as having identified  more than 200 websites as routine peddlers of Russian propaganda during the election season.  Look on the PropOrNot list. There is the Ron Paul Institute for Peace and Prosperity s (RPI) website RonPaulInstitute.org listed among websites termed  Russian propaganda outlets. What you will not find on the PropOrNot website is any particularized analysis of why the RPI website, or any website for that matter, is included on the list. Instead, you will see only sweeping generalizations from an anonymous organization. The very popular website drudgereport.com even makes the list. While listed websites span the gamut of political ideas, they tend to share in common an independence from the mainstream media.Ron Paul: Washington Post has a history of misrepresenting the former Congressman s views.. Timberg s article can be seen as yet another big media attempt to shift the blame for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s loss of the presidential election away from Clinton, her campaign, and the Democratic National Committee (DNC) that undermined Sen Bernie Sanders  (I-VT) challenge to Clinton in the Democratic primary.The article may also be seen as another step in the effort to deter people from looking to alternative sources of information by labeling those information sources as traitorous or near-traitorous.At the same time, the article may be seen as playing a role in the ongoing push to increase tensions between the United States and Russia   a result that benefits people, including those involved in the military-industrial complex, who profit from the growth of US  national security  activity in America and overseas.This is not the first time Ron Paul and his institute has been attacked for sounding pro-Russian or anti-American. Such attacks have been advanced even by self-proclaimed libertarians.Expect that such attacks will continue. They are an effort to tar Paul and his institute so people will close themselves off from information Paul and RPI provide each day in furtherance of the institute s mission to continue and expand Paul s  lifetime of public advocacy for a peaceful foreign policy and the protection of civil liberties at home.  While peace and liberty will benefit most people, powerful interests seek to prevent the realization of these objectives. Indeed, expect attacks against RPI to escalate as the institute continues to reach growing numbers of people with its educational effort.READ MORE MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Files",0
22342,Episode #162 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘The Revolution Will Not Be Televised’ with guest Vanessa Beeley,"Episode #162 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this November 28, 2016 as host Patrick Henningsen brings a 3 HOURS special broadcast of LIVE power-packed talk radio on ACR LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:SUNDAYS   5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US)This week s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is on the road broadcasting LIVE from the Valley of the Sun. This week host Patrick Henningsen covers this week s top stories in the US and internationally. In the first hour we ll cover the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro, and also take on the mainstream establishment s engineered  fake news  faux crisis which is being used by corporate media outlets to attack and smear independent and alternative media orgs. Then we ll be joined by 21WIRE special contributor, Vanessa Beeley, to discuss what Syrians and Russians are really saying about President-Elect Donald Trump, and also her latest piece critiquing the deceptive Syria coverage run by foundation-funded Democracy Now! Later in the third hour, we ll talk more about the fake news, CIA infiltration of US media organizations, Operation Mockingbird, and in particular, the report produced by The Washington Post which 21WIRE exposed this week as a work of shoddy journalism and NeoMcCarthyist Russiaphobic fear mongering.  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world  *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Listen to  Sunday Wire EP #162    The Revolution Will Not Be Televised  with guest Vanessa Beeley  on Spreaker.Direct Download the Most Recent Episode// <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt;Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives   ",0
22343,CrossTalk: Who are the real ‘Fake News’ culprits?,"21st Century Wire asks The sensational reporting by US corporate media has almost fallen off the edge of reality in this new divise, post-election partisan media envirnoment. As evidenced by the latest engineered  fake news  crisis, the establishment are desperate to recoup its lost credibility. Not surprisingly, the media are refusing to critque themselves, not aksing the real question America would like to know: who are the real  fake news  culprits? It is called fake news and we are told it is dangerous. Maybe we can agree on this. But let there be no mistake, it is governments and mainstream media that have peddled fake news for decades. And this is being challenged. CrossTalking with host Peter Lavelle are Patrick Henningsen, Vladimir Golstein, and Marcus Papadopoulos.Watch this fantastic discussion: ",0
22344,REVEALED: How US Government-Media Complex Are The Masters of ‘Fake News’," Washingtons BlogEveryone s talking about  fake news   Google Trends shows that starting in late October   that phrase absolutely exploded in terms of internet searches:In the last month, Obama, Merkel, CNN, the New York Times, Washington Post and many other mainstream media have warned about the dangers of fake news.There certainly is a lot of fake news.  And some of it is by anti-establishment types trying to discredit American institutions with false reports.But as we document below   the government and mainstream media are by far the biggest purveyors of fake news.The Government s Been Deploying Propaganda On U.S. Soil for Many YearsThe United States Senate Select Committee to Study Governmental Operations with Respect to Intelligence Activities found in 1975 that the CIA submitted stories to the American press: After 1953, the network was overseen by Allen W. Dulles, director of the CIA. By this time, Operation Mockingbird had a major influence over 25 newspapers and wire agencies. The usual methodology was placing reports developed from intelligence provided by the CIA to witting or unwitting reporters. Those reports would then be repeated or cited by the preceding reporters which in turn would then be cited throughout the media wire services.The Office of Policy Coordination (OPC) was funded by siphoning off funds intended for the Marshall Plan [i.e. the rebuilding of Europe by the U.S. after WWII]. Some of this money was used to bribe journalists and publishers.In 2008, the New York Times wrote:During the early years of the cold war, [prominent writers and artists, from Arthur Schlesinger Jr. to Jackson Pollock] were supported, sometimes lavishly, always secretly, by the C.I.A. as part of its propaganda war against the Soviet Union. It was perhaps the most successful use of  soft power  in American history.A CIA operative told Washington Post owner Philip Graham  in a conversation about the willingness of journalists to peddle CIA propaganda and cover stories: You could get a journalist cheaper than a good call girl, for a couple hundred dollars a month. Famed Watergate reporter Carl Bernstein wrote in 1977: More than 400 American journalists  in the past twenty five years have secretly carried out assignments for the Central Intelligence Agency, according to documents on file at CIA headquarters. ***In many instances, CIA documents show, journalists were engaged to perform tasks for the CIA with the consent of the managements of America s leading news organizations.***Among the executives who lent their cooperation to the Agency were [the heads of CBS, Time, the New York Times, the Louisville Courier Journal, and Copley News Service. Other organizations which cooperated with the CIA include [ABC, NBC, AP, UPI, Reuters], Hearst Newspapers, Scripps Howard, Newsweek magazine, the Mutual Broadcasting System, the Miami Herald and the old Saturday Evening Post and New York Herald Tribune.***There is ample evidence that America s leading publishers and news executives allowed themselves and their organizations to become handmaidens to the intelligence services.  Let s not pick on some poor reporters, for God s sake,  William Colby exclaimed at one point to the Church committee s investigators.  Let s go to the managements.***The CIA even ran a formal training program in the 1950s to teach its agents to be journalists. Intelligence officers were  taught to make noises like reporters,  explained a high CIA official, and were then placed in major news organizations with help from management.***Once a year during the 1950s and early 1960s, CBS correspondents joined the CIA hierarchy for private dinners and briefings.***Allen Dulles often interceded with his good friend, the late Henry Luce, founder of Timeand Life magazines, who readily allowed certain members of his staff to work for the Agency and agreed to provide jobs and credentials for other CIA operatives who lacked journalistic experience.***In the 1950s and early 1960s, Time magazine s foreign correspondents attended CIA  briefing  dinners similar to those the CIA held for CBS.***When Newsweek was purchased by the Washington Post Company, publisher Philip L. Graham was informed by Agency officials that the CIA occasionally used the magazine for cover purposes, according to CIA sources.  It was widely known that Phil Graham was somebody you could get help from,  said a former deputy director of the Agency.  Frank Wisner dealt with him.  Wisner, deputy director of the CIA from 1950 until shortly before his suicide in 1965, was the Agency s premier orchestrator of  black  operations, including many in which journalists were involved. Wisner liked to boast of his  mighty Wurlitzer,  a wondrous propaganda instrument he built, and played, with help from the press.)***In November 1973, after [the CIA claimed to have ended the program], Colby told reporters and editors from the New York Times and the Washington Star that the Agency had  some three dozen  American newsmen  on the CIA payroll,  including five who worked for  general circulation news organizations.  Yet even while the Senate Intelligence Committee was holding its hearings in 1976, according to high level CIA sources, the CIA continued to maintain ties with seventy five to ninety journalists of every description executives, reporters, stringers, photographers, columnists, bureau clerks and members of broadcast technical crews. More than half of these had been moved off CIA contracts and payrolls but they were still bound by other secret agreements with the Agency. According to an unpublished report by the House Select Committee on Intelligence, chaired by Representative Otis Pike, at least fifteen news organizations were still providing cover for CIA operatives as of 1976.***Those officials most knowledgeable about the subject say that a figure of 400 American journalists is on the low side  . There were a lot of representations that if this stuff got out some of the biggest names in journalism would get smeared   .An expert on propaganda testified under oath during trial that the CIA now employs THOUSANDS of reporters and OWNS its own media organizations. Whether or not his estimate is accurate, it is clear that many prominent reporters still report to the CIA.A 4-part BBC documentary called the  Century of the Self  shows that an American   Freud s nephew, Edward Bernays   created the modern field of manipulation of public perceptions, and the U.S. government has extensively used his techniques.John Pilger is a highly-regarded journalist (the BBC s world affairs editor John Simpson remarked,  A country that does not have a John Pilger in its journalism is a very feeble place indeed ). Pilger said in 2007:We now know that the BBC and other British media were used by the British secret intelligence service MI-6. In what they called Operation Mass Appeal, MI-6 agents planted stories about Saddam s weapons of mass destruction, such as weapons hidden in his palaces and in secret underground bunkers. All of these stories were fake.***One of my favorite stories about the Cold War concerns a group of Russian journalists who were touring the United States. On the final day of their visit, they were asked by the host for their impressions.  I have to tell you,  said the spokesman,  that we were astonished to find after reading all the newspapers and watching TV day after day that all the opinions on all the vital issues are the same. To get that result in our country we send journalists to the gulag. We even tear out their fingernails. Here you don t have to do any of that. What is the secret? Nick Davies wrote in the Independent in 2008: For the first time in human history, there is a concerted strategy to manipulate global perception. And the mass media are operating as its compliant assistants, failing both to resist it and to expose it.The sheer ease with which this machinery has been able to do its work reflects a creeping structural weakness which now afflicts the production of our news. I ve spent the last two years researching a book about falsehood, distortion and propaganda in the global media.The  Zarqawi letter  which made it on to the front page of The New York Times in February 2004 was one of a sequence of highly suspect documents which were said to have been written either by or to Zarqawi and which were fed into news media.This material is being generated, in part, by intelligence agencies who continue to work without effective oversight; and also by a new and essentially benign structure of  strategic communications  which was originally designed by doves in the Pentagon and Nato who wanted to use subtle and non-violent tactics to deal with Islamist terrorism but whose efforts are poorly regulated and badly supervised with the result that some of its practitioners are breaking loose and engaging in the black arts of propaganda. ***The Pentagon has now designated  information operations  as its fifth  core competency  alongside land, sea, air and special forces. Since October 2006, every brigade, division and corps in the US military has had its own  psyop  element producing output for local media. This military activity is linked to the State Department s campaign of  public diplomacy  which includes funding radio stations and news websites. In Britain, the Directorate of Targeting and Information Operations in the Ministry of Defence works with specialists from 15 UK psyops, based at the Defence Intelligence and Security School at Chicksands in Bedfordshire.In the case of British intelligence, you can see this combination of reckless propaganda and failure of oversight at work in the case of Operation Mass Appeal. This was exposed by the former UN arms inspector Scott Ritter, who describes in his book, Iraq Confidential, how, in London in June 1998, he was introduced to two  black propaganda specialists  from MI6 who wanted him to give them material which they could spread through  editors and writers who work with us from time to time .The government is still paying off reporters to spread disinformation. And the corporate media are acting like virtual  escort services for the moneyed elites, selling access   for a price   to powerful government officials, instead of actually investigating and reporting on what those officials are doing.One of the ways that the U.S. government spreads propaganda is by making sure that it gets its version out first. For example, the head of the U.S. Information Agency s television and film division   Alvin A. Snyder  wrote in his book, Warriors of Disinformation: How Lies, Videotape, and the USIA Won the Cold War: All governments, including our own, lie when it suits their purposes. The key is to lie first. ***Another casualty, always war s first, was the truth. The story of [the accidental Russian shoot-down of a Korean airliner] will be remembered pretty much the way we told it in 1983, not the way it really happened.In 2013, the American Congress repealed the formal ban against the deployment of propaganda against U.S. citizens living on American soil. So there s even less to constrain propaganda than before.One of the most common uses of propaganda is to sell unnecessary and counter-productive wars. Given that the American media is always pro-war, mainstream publishers, producers, editors, and reporters are willing participants.It s not just lying about Saddam s non-existent weapons of mass destruction   the corporate media is still selling lies to promote war. While the older generation that pioneered these domestic propaganda techniques has passed from the scene, many of their prot g s are still around along with some of the same organizations. The National Endowment for Democracy, which was formed in 1983 at the urging of CIA Director Casey and under the supervision of Walter Raymond s NSC operation, is still run by the same neocon, Carl Gershman, and has an even bigger budget, now exceeding $100 million a year.Gershman and his NED played important behind-the-scenes roles in instigating the Ukraine crisis by financing activists, journalists and other operatives who supported the coup against elected President Yanukovych. The NED-backed Freedom House also beat the propaganda drums. [See Consortiumnews.com s  A Shadow Foreign Policy. ]Two other Reagan-era veterans, Elliott Abrams and Robert Kagan, have both provided important intellectual support for continuing U.S. interventionism around the world. Earlier this year, Kagan s article for The New Republic, entitled  Superpowers Don t Get to Retire,  touched such a raw nerve with President Obama that he hosted Kagan at a White House lunch and crafted the presidential commencement speech at West Point to deflect some of Kagan s criticism of Obama s hesitancy to use military force.***Rupert Murdoch s media empire is bigger than ever  .Another key to American propaganda is the constant repetition of propaganda. As Business Insider reported in 2013:Lt. Col. Daniel Davis, a highly-respected officer who released a critical report regarding the distortion of truth by senior military officials in Iraq and Afghanistan  .From Lt. Col. Davis:In context, Colonel Leap is implying we ought to change the law to enable Public Affairs officers to influence American public opinion when they deem it necessary to  protect a key friendly center of gravity, to wit US national will. The Smith-Mundt Modernization Act of 2012 appears to serve this purpose by allowing for the American public to be a target audience of U.S. government-funded information campaigns.Davis also quotes Brigadier General Ralph O. Baker   the Pentagon officer responsible for the Department of Defense s Joint Force Development   who defines Information Operations (IO) as activities undertaken to  shape the essential narrative of a conflict or situation and thus affect the attitudes and behaviors of the targeted audience. Brig. Gen. Baker goes on to equate descriptions of combat operations with the standard marketing strategy of repeating something until it is accepted:For years, commercial advertisers have based their advertisement strategies on the premise that there is a positive correlation between the number of times a consumer is exposed to product advertisement and that consumer s inclination to sample the new product. The very same principle applies to how we influence our target audiences when we conduct COIN.And those thousands of hours per week of government-funded radio and TV programs  appear to serve Baker s strategy, which states: Repetition is a key tenet of IO execution, and the failure to constantly drive home a consistent message dilutes the impact on the target audiences. Government Massively Manipulates the Web, Social Media and Other Forms of CommunicationOf course, the Web and social media have become a huge media platform, and the Pentagon and other government agencies are massively manipulating both.Documents released by Snowden show that spies manipulate polls, website popularity and pageview counts, censor videos they don t like and amplify messages they do.The CIA and other government agencies also put enormous energy into pushing propaganda throughmovies, television and video games.Cross-Border PropagandaPropaganda isn t limited to our own borders  Sometimes, the government plants disinformation in American media in order to mislead foreigners. For example, an official government summary of America s overthrow of the democratically-elected president of Iran in the 1950 s states,  In cooperation with the Department of State, CIA had several articles planted in major American newspapers and magazines which, when reproduced in Iran, had the desired psychological effect in Iran and contributed to the war of nerves against Mossadeq  (page x).The CIA has also bribed leading foreign journalists.And CNN accepted money from the brutal Bahrani dictatorship to run pro-monarchy propaganda.Everyone Who Challenges the Status Quo Is Labeled As a Purveyor of  Fake News  Or WorseThe First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution protects the freedom of the press from censorship by government.Indeed, the entire reason that it s unlawful for the government to stop stories from being printed is because that would punish those who criticize those in power.Why? Because the Founding Father knew that governments (like the British monarchy) will always crack down on those who point out that the emperor has no clothes.But the freedom of the press is under massive attack in America today  For example, the powers-that-be argue that only highly-paid corporate media shills who will act as stenographers for the fatcats should have the constitutional protections guaranteeing freedom of the press.A Harvard law school professor argues that the First Amendment is outdated and should be abandoned.When financially-savvy bloggers challenged the Federal Reserve s policy, a Fed official called all bloggers stupid and unqualified to comment.And the government is treating the real investigative reporters like criminals   or even terrorists:READ MORE MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Files",0
22345,Myriad of ways the CIA tried (and failed) to assassinate Fidel Castro,"RTThe father of the Cuban Revolution remains unbeaten by his foes even in death. We look over the most dramatic assassination plots on El Comandante   from character-assassinations by way of LSD, to Italian mobsters, tuberculosis wetsuit, and exploding cigar. If surviving assassination attempts were an Olympic event, I would win the gold medal,  Castro is famously quoted as saying. Cuba s ex-intelligence chief Fabian Escalante   the person tasked with guarding Fidel s life   puts the number of attempts at 638. The man also claimed to Reuters in a 2010 interview that the John F. Kennedy assassination could well have been an attempt to expedite the process of removing Castro from power: the American president, some said, was not doing enough. Of course, by the time of Kennedy s 1963 shooting death in Dallas, Texas, there had already been numerous attempts on Castro s life   intended to bolster Kennedy s own reputation back home as a strong president, with his administration exerting great pressure on the CIA to take care of it. It is fitting then to start at the beginning.When a sizable cache of classified CIA documents, amicably called  Family Jewels,  was finally released in 2007, Cuban communists felt a sense of vindication, finally gaining the ability to publicly accuse the United States government of what they claimed was already common knowledge.In the summer of 1960, the CIA recruited former FBI agent Robert Maheu. He became the go-between from the agency to two prominent Italian gangsters on the FBI s Ten Most Wanted List   Santo Trafficante of the Miami Syndicate, and Salvatore Giancana   Al Capone s successor in Chicago. They were gotten hold of by way of Las Vegas mobster Johnny Roselli. A payment of $150,000 was on the table. According to the declassified documents, Giancana suggested using poisoned pills   six of them. But despite gaining access to officials inside the Cuban government, the plan had been unsuccessful, and was later scrapped in the run-up to the failed Bay of Pigs invasion. It is said the agency was able to retrieve all the poison pills.The closest the Americans got to killing Castro was with a poisoned chocolate milkshake, Escalante claimed to Reuters. According to the 2007 documents, another batch of poison was delivered through the Mafia in 1963 in a bottle of Bayer aspirin pills. An opposition group, it was believed, had a good chance. But the plot failed when a disguised waiter did not manage to lace Castro s milkshake in the cafeteria of the then-Hilton Hotel (now Havana Libre), as the pill got stuck in the freezer   where it was hidden   and broke apart when the assassin attempted to dislodge it from the wall.This was not just about spiking drinks or cigars. The CIA went all-out. After a failed attempt to embarrass El Comandante by having his beard fall out due to boots spiked with chemicals, the agency had opted for a box of cigars spiked with LSD. The plan was to have Castro burst into laughter during a televised interview, thus subjecting him to ridicule in the public eye. But it was not just cigars. The CIA planned to lace the entire studio. This plot was not implemented, but was high in the running for ways to spark a national uprising against Castro.The CIA had back-paddled on another of its ingenious plans to kill Castro, leading to the poisoned scuba gear idea. The agency knew the revolutionary was an avid diver. The plan had been to attract El Comandante with a sea shell practically impossible to miss, having been painted in colors bright enough to attract him. Castro would swim closer to inspect it, whereupon a lethal amount of explosives would detonate. But the idea was aborted due to impracticality, the declassified documents claimed. So the spies went the more practical way: lacing Castro s scuba gear with tuberculosis to trigger a deadly skin disease. The man who was supposed to give Castro the suit had opted to give him an ordinary one, it turned out.According to a Saturday Evening Post report on November 4, 1967, a CIA agent had approached a New York cop with the idea of handing Castro an exploding cigar during a UN meeting. That was reportedly after the plan to poison the cigar had been abandoned. This was despite the poison having already been injected into the cigar, with the CIA dismissing the person tasked with carrying the plan out in the final stages.However, the exploding-cigar plan also failed due to the double agent changing his mind at the last instant.ne of Castro s many lovers   CIA informant Marita Lorenz, was also tasked with poisoning Castro in a daring operation involving a secret unit tasked with the assassination   Operation 40. According to the FBI, Lorenz had become a  contract agent  for the CIA, and willingly accepted the task of assassinating him following a miscarriage or an abortion   a story she told in 1959. Castro s reaction to her not having the child had reportedly enraged her so much, she had eagerly taken up the task. And so she met with CIA double agent Frank Sturgis in 1960, who had handed her a bottle of poison pills.Lorenz was to drop one into her lover s drink, containing enough poison to kill him within 30 seconds. But as with the countless other attempts, it did not succeed because Lorenz herself could not go through with it. The mission was wrought with pitfalls. According to Ann Louise Bardoch s  Cuba Confidential: Love and Vengeance in Miami and Havana,  Lorenz recalled that  They said,  we want you to take him out.  But,  I knew the minute I saw the outline of Havana I couldn t do it. Even then, she had made the mistake of stashing the pills in her pot of cold cream, in fear of being discovered by customs. The substance had stuck to the pills, and Lorenz couldn t unmix the two. As she attempted to flush the pills down the toilet, Castro  who had got wind of the plot   walked in with a cigar. He removed his handgun from the holster, and handed it to Lorenz with the words:  Did you come to kill me?  According to Lorenz, he handed her the gun and puffed on his cigar with his eyes closed. He made himself vulnerable because he knew I couldn t do it. He still loved me and I still loved him. She feared the CIA would kill her for being with Castro after the foiled assassination attempt. Upon her return to Miami, Lorenz never again met with Castro. Later, however, she had a daughter with another Latin American military leader, Venezuela s Marcos Perez Jimenez.According to Escalante, it was the Cuban revolutionary s vigilance and the efforts of his security apparatus that kept him alive all those years. Numerous books have been written on the matter.READ MORE CUBA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Cuba Files",0
22346,Fidel Castro: Patrick Henningsen discusses his legacy and Cuba’s future path,"One of the world s longest-serving and most iconic leaders, former Cuban president Fidel Castro, died last night at the age of 90.According to Robert Pastor, former national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter,  There are few individuals in the 20th century who had a more profound impact on a single country than Fidel Castro had in Cuba,  (Source: CNN)Last night 21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen spoke with RT International about what Castro s passing will mean to US politics, and how his legacy might influence future generations of Cubans, as well as the rest of Latin America. Watch: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22347,"Washington Post Sloppy ‘Journalism’ Blames Russia for “Fake News” Crisis and Trump’s Win, While Pushing Neo-McCarthyism","Patrick Henningsen 21st Century Wire The mainstream media s post-election hysteria has taken on new level of crazy. It seems that The Washington Post has gone off the deep end this week, claiming that Russia is behind the  fake news  crisis which they claim helped propel an insurgent Donald Trump to victory on Nov 8th, and they are still standing by the official conspiracy theory that Russia has somehow hacked into the US elections. Everything that s wrong with the establishment media is contained within this incredible story The hacking claim is nothing new  backed by the White House and trumpeted by Hillary Clinton, the US mainstream media has claimed that Russia has been hacking and manipulating our US elections. The only problem is it never happened. What s more disturbing though, is the complete collapse in journalistic standards at what used to be considered  America s paper of record. It seems the The Post is playing a key role in waging a new McCarthy-style witch hunt targeting any independent websites which dare to challenge the prevailing anti-Russian party line currently dominating the mainstream political and media establishment   evident beyond any doubt after reading this latest feature in The Washington Post written by Craig Timberg entitled,  Russian propaganda effort helped spread  fake news  during election, Experts say. Experts say ? Make no mistake, this was a true-to-form propaganda piece by the Washington Post, and in itself could be classed as actual  fake news. Not surprisingly, it wasn t difficult to debunk this article. I take no pleasure in saying this, as The Post was once a newspaper I admired growing up, however, what s going on right now with America s mainstream media is nothing short of tragic. More than anything, the 2016 Election showed the world how biased, corrupt and broken America s papers of record have become. Instead of emulating Woodward and Bernstein, it seems most of  the  journalists  are channeling Stephen Glass instead. For those who don t know already, Glass was one of Washington s fake news pioneers of note, writing for the leftwing magazine, New Republic. Glass routinely madeup news stories which his journalism school-trained editors weren t smart enough to pick up on.It s clear that the same partisan Clinton and Democratic Party supporters embedded in the media who were pushing anti-Russian talking points throughout the election cycle   are not giving up. As I pointed out in my pre-election piece entitled,  Hillary s  Russian Hack  Hoax: The Biggest Lie of this Election Season,  what was previously a stance reserved for right-wing neoconservative hawks and Cold War hold-outs has become the new standard for the establishment wing of the Democratic Party   which is the universal demonization of Russia, and the hitlerization of its current president, Vladimir Putin.The mainstream media continues to lower the bar on what it claims is  journalism .  Just when you thought you ve seen the worst, unsourced, completely contrived  investigation,  the Washington Post, which used to be regarded as the paragon of American journalism, has produced a rant of an article that is written as if it were a student submission: The flood of  fake news  this election season got support from a sophisticated Russian propaganda campaign that created and spread misleading articles online with the goal of punishing Democrat Hillary Clinton, helping Republican Donald Trump and undermining faith in American democracy, say independent researchers who tracked the operation. You have to feel bad for The Post s Craig Timberg (photo, left) who seems to have drawn the short straw this week in the anti-Russia propaganda pool at the Post.  According to his biography at the John S. Knight Journalism Fellowship at Stanford, Timberg s primary mission is,  studying potential revenue sources and business opportunities related to foreign news coverage, which he fears is under particular threat from digital disruption of the news industry.  The perfect man for the job.His Thanksgiving Day expos  posits a unified theory of a Trump-Putin axis of evil   an all of the above, buckshot blog post pushed out by the Washington Post (amazing) where Timberg claims The Russians are not only behind the US establishment s latest  fake news  hysteria, but also hacking  both DNC and the US elections, and carrying Donald Trump into the White House.To support his case, Timberg claims that: Two teams of independent researchers found that the Russians exploited American-made technology platforms to attack U.S. democracy at a particularly vulnerable moment, as an insurgent candidate harnessed a wide range of grievances to claim the White House. So The Post claims that the Russians hacked the DNC and US elections systems, engineered Facebook s  fake news  crisis,  which helped get Trump elected. In order to weave all three of these things together, Timberg had to rely on the mainstream media s propaganda weapon of choice: anonymous sources. After that, it was just a case of plugging-in and hyperlinking to previous Washington Post headlines made to look as if these events actually happened, when no evidence exists to date that they ever did:This story was used to great effect by Hillary Clinton herself on national TV during the Presidential debates. The headline is written to give the false impression there was actual proof to back up such profound accusations, but when you actually read the article, there is nothing. It seems that in today s Washington Post, what passes for evidence can be as little as the President accusing Russia of being involved. The statement from the vaunted  intelligence community  is about as vague as it gets, stating, The U.S. Intelligence Community is confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of e-mails from U.S. persons and institutions, including from U.S. political organizations,  said a joint statement from the two agencies.  . . . These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the U.S. election process.  No proof, no evidence, but  they are  confident .  This must be the same sort of confidence these same intelligence agencies had when they briefed Colin Powell about Saddam Hussein s mobile anthrax labs, aka The Winnebagos of Death. Sounds crazy, I know, but it was good enough for the mainstream media in 2002-2003, just like  we are confident  is good enough for the Washington Post today.2.  Russian hackers targeted Arizona election system  (By Ellen Nakashima, Washington Post Aug 29, 2016)Despite the misleading headline, the article does not contain any evidence or anything remotely near  proof  by any normal journalistic standards. But this is not normal journalism. After reading past the colorful headline in the Arizona Russian Hack story, it gets really vague, claiming the FBI s theory that  Russia did it  was,  credible  and significant,  an eight on a scale of one to 10.  It s hard not to laugh when reading some of these mainstream stories. It gets better, saying that,  FBI investigators did not specify whether the hackers were criminals or employed by the Russian government. Bureau officials on Monday declined to comment   What else is this but Washington-based, politically motivated propaganda, designed to scapegoat Russia?By definition, Timberg is using actual fake and misleading news articles (produced by his employer the Washington Post) in order to validate his own unified conspiracy theory. It s hard to tell if Timberg himself is even aware of what he s doing. If not, certainly an argument can be made for mainstream  journalists  who are so ensconced in their own corporate bubble that they actually believe their own organization s propaganda.RELATED: Hillary s  Russian Hack  Hoax: The Biggest Lie of This Election SeasonDespite the best efforts of Hillary Clinton, the Democratic Party, the White House and mainstream media outlets like CNN, ABC, CBS, NBC, MSNBC, the New York Times, The Washington Post, Politico.com and countless other outlets   all of whom either endorsed Hillary Clinton or tailored their news coverage to favor her campaign   with many even colluding directly with the Democratic National Committee (DNC)  to date there is still zero evidence to validate the establishment s official conspiracy theory that Vladimir Putin and the Kremlin master-minded the greatest election heist in modern history. VIRTUAL WITCH HUNT:  PropOrNot.com Deep Throat: The Washington Post s Secret  Source Timberg claims to have a mysterious deep throat  source    apparently these are  researchers  from a group called PropOrNot, a website which just sprung up on October 30, 2016, and who claims to have  proof  that ties together  Fake News /  Pro-Trump  articles online  back to Russia. The only problem is, he can t show us any of their research, nor can he tell us the name of the principal, allegedly because this person fears threats of retribution.  Timberg states,  The way that this propaganda apparatus supported Trump was equivalent to some massive amount of a media buy,  said the executive director of PropOrNot, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid being targeted by Russia s legions of skilled hackers. When you hear things like this in the mainstream media, there is a high probability you are reading an actual government-sponsored propaganda piece.More likely, the only fear ProOrNot s authors have is of being held accountable for their own online smear and propaganda campaign.PropOrNot s web domain registration is also hidden behind  Domains By Proxy,  a company in Scottsdale Arizona.Timberg s  source  is a nameless website, with no author names given, with links to Boycott Russia Today,  and yet, PropOrNot claims to be  a nonpartisan collection of researchers with foreign policy, military and technology backgrounds,  and Timberg says they plan to release their findings on Friday showing the startling reach and effectiveness of Russian propaganda campaigns.  (PropOrNot) planned to release its own findings Friday showing the startling reach and effectiveness of Russian propaganda campaigns,  stated Timberg.Timberg s highly anticipated  release  scheduled for today from the anonymous source doesn t seem to have happened though. A visit to PropOrNot s website Friday shows no such report released. When, or if such a report is actually released by the website, it will certainly be interesting to analyze its findings.UPDATE 11/27/16: The much anticipated groundbreaking report finally arrived and can be found online here and in PDF here. On first glance, it s much worse than we thought, but our analysis is still forthcoming.Thus far the only  investigation  PropOrNot has done was an article implicating the financial news site Zero Hedge posted on Oct 31st and can be found here   a unintelligible mix of websites, speculating that they are somehow linked and in league with the Kremlin. It claims its thesis in corroborated by other sites PropOrNot says are  our allies    similar anti-Russia web sources including the EU Disinformation Review (a  campaign  run by the EU s East StratCom Task force), Polygraph Info (run by US gov t-backed Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty and Voice of America), Fake News Watch (home of an extensive virtual book burning list), Stop Fake (Ukraine based, Pro-Maidan), Russia Lies (run by Julia Davis, a  national security expert  behind the tabloid reports alleging foul play in celebrity Britney Murphy s death), and of course no anti-Russian allied list would be complete without Bellingcat (by now a widely discredited, Atlantic Council/NATO-linked, anti-Russian, anti-Syrian,  open source investigation  website, run by Elliot Higgins).The timing of this anti-Russian campaign is no coincidence either. This week the EU passed a new anti-Russian resolution to  counter act  supposed Russian propaganda:  EU strategic communication to counteract propaganda against it by third parties , with 179 voting against it and 208 abstaining. BEWARE: McCarthyism is still in style in 2016 (Image: @21WIRE)PropOrNot s  Executive Summary  (yes, we re trying not to laugh, too) states: Thus far we at PropOrNot have identified over 200 distinct websites which qualify as Russian propaganda outlets according to our criteria, and target audiences in the United States. We estimate the regular US audiences of these sites to number in the tens of millions. We are gathering data to measure that more precisely, but we are confidant that it includes at least 15 million Americans. The McCarthyite tone of their defamation is breathtaking, as the site claims they can spot Russian agents of influence online and collaborator websites through an endless list of  things to look out for :( ) 9. Refer their audiences to each other, via hyperlinks and other means, at disproportionately high rates;10. Are consistently visited by the same audiences, both directly and via search, demonstrating that those intra-network referrals build  brand loyalty  in their audiences over time;11. Are consistently visited by their audiences after searches for terms which congrue with the Russian propaganda  line , and are unrelated to the purported focus of their branding; ( ) I guess it never occurred to these geniuses that people might be loyal followers of well-established alternative websites like AntiWar.com, Counterpunch, Information Clearing House, OpEd News, Activist Post, Global Research.ca, Oriental Review, Truth-Out, Truth Dig, Zero Hedge, Consortium News (run by award-winning US journalist Robert Parry), Ron Paul Institute (former US Congressman) and Paul Craig Roberts (former Cabinet member under President Reagan), to name only a few off of PropOrNot s massive list of alleged  Russian propaganda collaborators. This is basically an amateur attempt to reverse engineer a virtual conspiracy   spuriously connecting 200 popular alternative websites   with a theoretical Russian plot. It should be a cause for concern that The Washington Post is now promoting a  Blacklist  in the spirit of Joe McCarthy s Red Scare.Michael Krieger, editor of Liberty BlitzKrieg, one the sites on PropOrNot s  List  sums up the fundamental flaw in both Timberg and ProOrNot s insular Washington DC-centric mainstream bubble thinking: What s particularly interesting about this list, isn t the fact that a bunch of anonymous whiners decided to demonize successful critics of insane, inhumane and ethically indefensible U.S. government policy, but rather the fact that the Washington Post decided to craft an entire article around such a laughably ridiculous list. This just further proves a point that is rapidly becoming common knowledge amongst U.S. citizens with more than a couple of brain cells to rub together. The mainstream media is the real fake news. Krieger adds:  Unfortunately, this is apparently all we know so far about this shadowy organization, which is simply hilarious considering the group deems any alternative news source that does not agree with the U.S. government narrative to be either outright Russian propaganda, or  useful idiots. Krieger makes an indisputable point though, and one that s also been made by numerous qualified pundits: by far the most prolific purveyor of real fake news and propaganda, especially over the last 30 years   is undoubtedly the US and UK media, and as we can all see   they haven t slowed down.The issue of confirmation bias in western media is chronic, but it s also institutional problem when you consider that many of these mainstream writers are submerged under their own layer of Western-generated American or British propaganda. As a result, they might be completely oblivious of the fact that John Kerry has been caught lying to the world at the UN about what Russia supposedly did in the Ukraine, Crimea, and Syria, or they might have missed UN Ambassador Samantha Power s shrill antics at the UN   an embarrassment to the US in front of a world audience, or Admiral John Kirby s epic meltdown last week after he couldn t defend his own lies to an RT reporter at the US State Department press briefing. On Syria in particular, US politicians have lied so much and so often, that most serious people around the world do not believe a word that comes out of this Administration s mouth   and American and European bloggers most certainly have a right to point this out   not because it pleases Putin  but because they are disgusted with their own government s poor (and highly illegal) conduct on the world stage, especially at this moment in Syria and Yemen. Evidently, none this factors into the reports by Timberg and PropOrNot. Maybe they didn t get the memo either, about the fact that Assad did not  gas his own people  in East Ghouta in August 2013, or any other time that can be proven by his accusers.Many in the US media are simply living inside of their own self-generated, self-reverential propaganda bubble.SEE ALSO: Mainstream Liars Now Want to be Self-Appointed Monarchs of  Truth Even more incredibly, PropOrNot then implores its visitors to only visit get information from US-gov funded news sources like NPR, state-owned media like the BBC, Murdoch-owned and financed outlets like the Wall Street Journal and VICE News, and corporate establishment media sources: We call on the American public to: Obtain news from actual reporters, who report to an editor and are professionally accountable for mistakes. We suggest NPR, the BBC, the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, the Washington Post, Buzzfeed, VICE, etc, and especially your local papers and local TV news channels. Support them by subscribing, if you can! It s pretty incredible to see The Washington Post basing a case on an anonymous website   one which is conducting a virtual witch hunt, clearly with malicious intent (to smear some 200 websites), as a primary journalistic source? Incredible.At this point, everyone should question the political motives of Washington Post staff writer Craig Timberg. It s beyond outrageous even by today s decrepid standards.Judging by the looks of it, PropOrNot itself is a pretty good example of pure black propaganda.Who is behind Timberg s  source  PropOrNot? Is it Timberg himself? Is it run by staff at The Washington Post? As it s so secretive, then you can t rule that possibility out.In true NeoMcCarthyite form, PropOrNot has also issued  The List    a guide to alternative media websites which it accuses of  echo Russian propaganda.  As of today, amazingly, 21st Century Wire.com is not included on their virtual book burning list (but its likely to be after they read this article).Strangely, there is no mention at all by Timberg about a report by BuzzFeed News which identified the primary source of the actual  fake news  flooding Facebook   more than 150 pro-Trump websites being run from a single town, by a cohort of savvy teenagers in Veles, Macedonia   which is not Russia. Granted, Buzzfeed and The Guardian are both establishment media that sometimes produce their own propaganda. However, unless Timberg can refute either the Buzzfeed or The Guardian reports on this subject, or somehow tie his suspected battery of  Kremlin controlled hackers to Veles, then this entire unified conspiracy theory in D.O.A.According to these investigations, the Veles crew are not ideologically motivated, but rather, driven by that old classic   money. They are raking it in with standard Google Ad Sense and other online traffic CPM advertising unit revenue, with incomes ranging from $5,000 to as high as $30,000 per month.  They re not doing it for Mother Russia, but rather for Benjamin Franklin.No CredibilityJust when you thought it couldn t get any worse for PropOrNot, on their front page they posted this: UPDATE: We are publishing our Black Friday Report, adding FAQ entries, updating The List, and more! Please see our latest post for more information. Also, for a sense of what certain kinds of Russian trolls look and sound like in real life, check out this Samantha Bee segment, which cleverly interviews Russian social-media and comment-section propagandists: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OauLuWXD_RI  [PropOrNot links to the Samantha Bee Show]Aside from the fact that this secret Washington Post source would rely on the Samantha Bee Show for anything, the geniuses at PropOrNot seem to have missed the fact that the alleged Russian Trolls were acting for money   they convinced Bee they were a  the real deal  when she approached them via Twitter, where the hoaxer and his female associate were paid $10,000 for appearing on Bee s Full Frontal  show.Bee may have just fell short of a Pulitzer for that one. Example of an actual fake news post on a Facebook news group from the website USINFONEWS.com (Nov. 2016)It s certainly possible that the Macedonia s fake news bedroom empire is being managed by someone higher up the food chain than a cadre of eastern European gamers, but based on their ubiquitous references to breaking FOX News events and nuanced political and emotive button pushing from these faux news sites   it s on the whole much more likely that any alleged  Pro-Trump  hidden hand would be more likely directing their talking points from inside of the United States.Timberg s fake story in The Post was then echoed by Daniel Politi at the popular liberal website The Slate, under the heading,  How Russian Propaganda Used Facebook to Spread Fake News During the Election,  in an attempt to give more credence to Timberg s contrived thesis:Politi says,  .. at least some of the false news that spread in the last few months of the campaign appears to have had much more serious geopolitical implications and was spread thanks to  a sophisticated Russian propaganda campaign,  reports the Washington Post, which cites two recent expert reports on the issue. Again,  expert  claims. Just to remind readers, the first expert is an anonymous Russiaphobic website PropOrNot, while the other  expert  writes for an anti-Russian blog and works for a neoconservative think tank (see Neocon below).Less we forget, The Slate invented a fake story that went viral in October, one which was retweeted by Hillary Clinton herself. Apparently, Clinton s campaign staff fed her planted online news story created by another on The Slate s  journalists  named Franklin Foer, complete with the comical clickbait headline,  Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia?  Here s Hillary Clinton s tweet of The Slate s own  fake news  story:It's time for Trump to answer serious questions about his ties to Russia. https://t.co/D8oSmyVAR4 pic.twitter.com/07dRyEmPjX  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 31, 2016John Roberts at Forbes explains how The Slate got caught passing off actual  fake news at the height of the election,  The bottom line is that Slate screwed up by publishing this in the first place, and by adding more kooky misinformation to an already addled election season. As for Foer, he says on Twitter a  follow up  piece is in the works. What the difference between The Slate s fake news story and the Macedonian fake Trump stories on Facebook? There is no difference, other than the fact that Hillary Clinton ended up making a fool out of herself by tweeting out  and validating to her millions of followers   a completely make-up, fake news story by The Slate. So Craig Timberg and The Slate are guilty of doing exactly what Timberg and his deep throat  source  PropOrNot are accusing Russia s alleged clandestine Facebook and blogger network of doing   passing around and  echoing fake news. How these  journalists  at The Washington Post and The Slate expect to be taken seriously after this is just beyond the pale.Neocon Think Tanks and other  Experts Craig Timberg s other supporting  evidence  or opinion (it s hard to tell the difference in the Washington Post these days) is being supplied by Clint Watts from the ubiquitously titled, Foreign Policy Research Institute (FPRI), a Cold War era  think tank  (not surprisingly, still stuck in the Cold War), no doubt with links to Washington s intelligence establishment. If that think tank sounds familiar to any neocon fossil hunters, you d know that FPRI is run by none other than John Lehman, one of the original signatories to the neoconservative doctrine of continuous war, Project for a New American Century (PNAC), and a foreign policy advisor to both John McCain and Mitt Romney   two virulent anti-Russian hawks. So it s no surprise then that Timberg is referencing his  expert  Watts, along with co-authors Andrew Weisburd and JM Berger, in an article from the website War On the Rocks, entitled: Trolling For Trump: How Russia is Trying to Destroy Our Democracy.   This is coupled with a related story by Watts and Andrew Weisburd published at the very anti-Russian publication, the Daily Beast, entitled:How Russia Dominates Your Twitter Feed to Promote Lies (And, Trump, Too) Fake news stories from Kremlin propagandists regularly become social media trends. Here s how Moscow does it  and what it means for America s election 2016. Impressive headline, if not a touch Click Bait-y. Once again, the familiar mainstream media pattern of misleading headlines inferring that the article contains actual evidence, and again, the evidence supplied by Watts is that  a lot of people think Russia did it,  claiming that: And the evidence is compelling. A range of activities speaks to a Russian connection: the theft of emails from the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign officials, hacks surrounding voter rolls and possibly election machines, Putin s overt praise for Trump, and the curious Kremlin connections of Trump campaign operatives Paul Manafort and Carter Page. Very  compelling ? Essentially, the above are a series of familiar, albeit recycled, talking points that may as well have beamed-in via John Podesta s personal Blackberry. To Clinton supporters, those talking points sounded plausible a month ago, but even staunch Clintonites are fast abandoning the Russian conspiracy theories. For establishment supporters of Hillary Clinton, that translates as case closed. This is a perfect example of a propaganda bubble, or a self-feeding propaganda loop. Many have argued that it was this sort of delusional incestuous closed loop that inadvertently helped to get Donald Trump elected on Nov 8th.Timberg s source at War On the Rocks also claims that Putin has rebooted the old Soviet  Active Measures  information warfare program designed to  Undermine citizen confidence in democratic governance.  Their evidence: a 1992 document from the US Information Agency, of course, not anything from Russia itself. Again, we ll have to accept the word of the  intelligence community,  because they talked about it back in 1992. The rest of the theory is comprised of a fill-in-the-blanks exercise plugging-in a little Alex Jones for good measure, and various other websites   into a highly creative infographic  proving  the Russians are waging an  Active Measures on Steroid  information warfare against the United States.Here s creative infographic from their website designed to stitch together Watts s elaborate conspiracy theory: Watts also claims that anyone in the West who supports Bashar al Assad in Syria is doing so at the behest of this  Russian Active Measures  operation: When experts published content criticizing the Russian-supported Bashar al Assad regime, organized hordes of trolls would appear to attack the authors on Twitter and Facebook. Examining the troll social networks revealed dozens of accounts presenting themselves as attractive young women eager to talk politics with Americans, including some working in the national security sector. These  honeypot  social media accounts were linked to other accounts used by the Syrian Electronic Army hacker operation. All three elements were working together: the trolls to sow doubt, the honeypots to win trust, and the hackers (we believe) to exploit clicks on dubious links sent out by the first two. This is derivative theorizing that would make even Bellingcat wince. The use of the word  troll  as a generalized pejorative label is buttressed by an even more bias notion that no one in the west would ever be against regime change in Syria, unless they were convinced otherwise by attractive Russian online honeypots. This level of  research  is beyond ridiculous, and yet, this is what passes for a  trusted source  at the Washington Post today.Political Bias: An Occupational Hazzard at The Washington PostIn a previous article, it s just a little too obvious that Timberg can t hold back his disappointment in Hillary Clinton s defeat when you read his headline: Could better Internet security have prevented Trump s shocking win? The election of Republican Donald Trump has stunned Silicon Valley, sparking renewed fears about how the federal government s powerful surveillance machinery could undermine personal privacy   especially in the hands of a man with a history of threatening retaliation against those who challenge him,  claims Timberg.The hysterical lamenting quickly turns to fear mongering: In Silicon Valley, many were dazed after Tuesday s election. Some companies let their employees take the day off or wrote all-staff letters reminding their colleagues of their commitment to inclusive workplaces that protect women, immigrants and minorities. Techies, meanwhile, warned one another on Twitter to begin using privacy and encrypted tools. What is the difference between this politicized diatribe and the fake Macedonia posts on Facebook? There is no difference, they are doing the same thing. What is going on at The Washington Post? It looks like the organization abandoned any pretence of objective journalism.Here you have a writer who is on staff at The Washington Post and a fellow at Stanford University s John S. Knight School of Journalism   trying to posit a unified conspiracy theory that Russia steered the outcome of a US Presidential Election.Timberg is just one of many examples of overtly politically bias writers in mainstream publications, specifically employed by The Washington Post, New York Times, ABC, CBS, CNN and others.  Many were caught working in collusion with the Hillary Clinton campaign, like The Post s  star reporter  Juliet Eilperin who was revealed in an email to have offered John Podesta a  heads up  about a story she was about to publish, even going so far as to provide the Clinton campaign CEO with a brief pre-publication synopsis. Here are a few more famous  journalists  and their corrupted publications guilty of colluding with the Clinton Campaign: Not surprisingly, Timberg then goes on to call the news output of RT (Russia Today)  propaganda,  and goes on to base his value judgment on a Rand Corporation report that describes Russian media as a  propaganda efforts a  firehose of falsehood  because of their speed, power and relentlessness    a report which also claims that Russia attacked neighboring Georgia in 2008, a common western meme, when in reality it was US-backed Georgian military forces that attacked South Ossetia   an obvious point which Timberg seems to have overlooked due to his own confirmation bias. Sadly, this is par for the course with most US media pundits, most of whom do not really care what actually happened, only what Washington s party line is on events.His source, War on the Rocks, continues pushing their conspiracy theory, stating,  But most observers are missing the point. Russia is helping Trump s campaign, yes, but it is not doing so solely or even necessarily with the goal of placing him in the oval office. Rather, these efforts seek to produce a divided electorate and a president with no clear mandate to govern. The ultimate objective is to diminish and tarnish American democracy. I think America has managed to do a pretty good job of that by itself.Decline of the US Mainstream MediaThe loss of credibility is the least of The Post s worries though.The reality is that in an effort to recoup dwindling revenues needed to pay for its inflated salaries and non-investigative  investigations, The Washington Post themselves have had to resort to pushing daily some of the most gratuitous  click bait  stories on the web. Here s one of many daily low-brow items, this  Polar Bear Eats Dog  story is from Tuesday Nov 22nd:If you follow the Post s newsfeed, you will see endless articles like the polar bear story, most of which carry a deceptive headline that does not reflect the story in the article. That s real Click Bait, and it s now their bread and butter.In an age of universal corruption in Washington and rampant collusion between political elites and the US corporate media, it s much easier to scapegoat an existential enemy for every systemic and institutional crisis affecting America. Whole industries have been spun out of this old habit: the intelligence industry, the defense industry, and the new  security  industry   collectively well over a trillion-dollar per year financial concern requires a boogyman in order to justify not only its existence, but also its corporate share prices, and financial growth projections. Now there s a real unified conspiracy theory for you! Maybe Craig Timberg should consider looking into that conspiracy, in the tradition of the former versions of Woodward and Bernstein.Author Jay Dyer explained the current corporate media structure in America today in his article entitled,  The Entire Mainstream Warmongering Media is Fake,  explaining,  Given the mainstream media is almost wholly owned by 6 conglomerates, we can begin to see how the coordination and control once considered a  conspiracy theory  is now made evident. 2012 Ownership Chart (Image Source: Jays Analysis)In 1983, there were 50 and now it is roughly six, with NewsCorp owning the largest papers on three continents. That these facts sound like a  conspiracy theory  can only be presumed from a position of ignorance, especially given the full coordination and deception regarding the Trump   Clinton election of 2016, from rigged polls to Wikileaks revelations of 6o plus top media operatives directly promoting Hillary. Dyer adds,  If the Trump phenomena showed anything, it showed the consensus reality the mainstream media attempted to create concerning Hillary s certain victory, as well as the consensus reality erected for decades, is not omnipotent. In short, the entire US corporate media seems to function with a singular hive mind, aggressively promoting one war after the another, and elevating a new geopolitical foe every few years. This can be explained in part by the defense industry s ownership of US mainstream outlets, and the hundreds of millions dollars these Pentagon-linked companies pour into both TV, print and online ads   none of that explains how editors, writers and producers at these outlets can sit there and still claim they are still performing their duty as part of the Fourth Estate.As it stands, mainstream journalism is truly dead in America.On Oct 9, 2016, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said it accurately: We have witnessed a fundamental change of circumstances when it comes to the aggressive Russophobia that now lies at the heart of U.S. policy towards Russia. It s not just a rhetorical Russophobia, but aggressive steps that really hurt our national interests and pose a threat to our security. What Lavrov didn t say is that it has now reached hysterical proportions in US mainstream media circles, where those who call themselves journalists are willing to present virtually anything and call it reporting, even if it s pure hyperbole, so long as it fulfils the anti-Russian narrative.Unfortunately, The Washington Post continues to be a big part of the problem.READ MORE MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22348,Hell Comes to Frogtown: Alt Right and Triumph of Transhumanism,"Deep inside the archetypal psyche of Pepe the Frog Branko Mali  21st Century WireWhile Richard Spencer s half-joke of hailing Donald Trump with Roman salute rose a lot of dust, some remarks in his NPI speech point into rather sinister direction. A posthuman one.  transcript with references and additional a/v material:Undoubtedly, there was a sigh of relief throughout the world when Hillary Clinton lost Presidential elections to Donald Trump. If for nothing else, then for the sake of quiet joy of watching adolescent commissars melt in tears, crying foul over  racism, homophobia, xenophobia  and whateverphobia; it was a joy, and a relief, because it showed monolithic control system of moral nominalism, dubbed  political correctness  to be a paper tiger.However, the party is over and the dialectics are back with the vengeance .As SJWs are, hopefully, moving out from the spotlight of post-historical stage, the new contender asserts his right to fashion the reality of our day and age into his own image.If we are to judge the day by the first gleam of dawn, this image will be just as ugly   and just as unreal   as hermaphrodite ideal of politically correct  shitlib .In the words of more or less universally acclaimed leader of the alternative right, or  Alt Right  movement, Richard Spencer, in the future we are to deal with the leadership of  children of the sun .This is an interesting, and to my mind quite worrisome, statement of intent   a manifestation of will, as Spencer would doubtless rectify me   pointing out in many directions while seemingly focusing on the eternal   and quite unidirectional   circular movement of the pagan deity, revered by all self-respecting  bermenschen   from Nietzsche to postmodern occultists.However, there s a deeper astro-theological metaphor at work here. The  pure eye that can gaze upon overabundance of joy without envy  (Nietzsche) in it s virtual, postmodern, installment is not to be strictly represented by a Swastika   as Spencer apparently assumes, but by other, only seemingly ancient, symbol taken in fact from the world of tabletop and PC gaming and turned into ideological brand by Russian philosopher Alexander Dugin (or his minions): an individual widely promoted by core members of alt right movement.The symbol in question is an eight pointed star signifying the movement, not of sun, but of presumably primordial origin of everything: Chaos.In the lines to follow, we ll provide some preliminary analysis of the emerging situation: the channeling of chaos principle   and adjacent chaos logic   through loosely knit alt right movement, taking as a starting point some statements from Spencer s speech held at NPI Conference in Washington D.C. on November 21st.Triumph of the will, or hipster Babylon working?In introduction to his triumphal encomium to the ideological victory of alt right, embodied in the election of Donald Trump, Spencer makes one interesting remark: But even though we always took Trump seriously, there was still a moment of unreality   or perhaps too painfully intense reality   when the state of Pennsylvania was called for Donald Trump  the moment when we knew Kek had smiled upon us, that meme magic was real. And though these terms are used half-jokingly, they represent something truly important the victory of will. We willed Donald Trump into office, made this dream into reality.  We ll start our explanation with lesser weirdness. Meme  is an expression denoting  inexistent existent , coined apparently by Richard Dawkins to explain how human thoughts fit in his evolutionary theology: memes are thoughts expressed in image and/or phrase which, by circulation in public, acquire the life and subsistence of their own and are able to  infect  the consciousness with their messages, like viruses. A Meme is inexistent because there s no such thing as thoughts having a biologically based self-subsistence and ability to procreate like viruses. Images and/or phrases are not living beings save by bad analogy that omits to tell us on what exactly it is based: what is that one principle making memes and viruses congenial.  Yet they, quite paradoxically, exist because the analogy apparently works. However no one seems to pose the question, why it works.Well, it works because it is magical, in a manner of speaking.Chaos MagickHere we have an example of magical thinking in the postmodern   in fact, post-humanist vein, resting on the assumption that what has not evolved in nature can   and should   be created in analogy to imagined process of evolution. If a artificial construct is in line with a  principle of evolution  it is real or, to be more precise, it is in accordance with imaginary nature of this principle   it is imagined into existence.Therefore  meme magick  works only insofar it relies upon artificial, preferably technological medium for sustenance and on assumption that its recipients identify themselves with their artificial, preferably online identities that can indeed be imbibed with  memes  as they are in themselves artificial and arbitrary constructs.The goal of practitioner of such magic   a far cry from what was traditionally considered to be magic   is to change the world according to his will. This is, more or less, what is known from the Seventies of the last century as chaos magick, a postmodern imitation of  ancient practice of acting in sub-human and sub-natural  domain  of the world, in the past mostly confined to people born with the dubious talent to practice it. The peculiarity of chaos magick is, on the one hand, that it is entirely syncretic, i.e. that it uses everything that its practitioner can imbibe with intended, subjective, meaning, and that it relies on virtual, i.e. artificial world of mass culture, now embodied above all in Internet.The idea behind it all is that nothing is true and everything is possible.There are many interesting implications to this.The first is that everything is interrelated, i.e. that everything is connected with everything else. So any which way you take, you ll get where you want to get if you will it hard enough. The second is that there s no hierarchy of higher and lower   there s only an infinite surface dissolving into ever more complex elements, dissolving in turn into nothingness, if concentrated upon. As there s nothing higher, there s nothing to be revered and everything can   and indeed: should   be an object of ironical laughter. And, most importantly, this is the world of dreams, ruled by what is usually called  dream logic  but in actual fact: chaos logic or un-logic.In this sense, Richard Spencer quite accurately proclaimed Trump s victory an accomplishment of meme   or chaos magick.In theory, Trump is willed into office by Internet memes binding the will of alt right adherents and turning their dream into reality   virtual reality, one may add, yet reality nonetheless. The fact that Trump was elected for a plethora of motives   from the appeal of his politics, to public takedown of Hillary Clinton by Wikileaks   is immaterial, because in the world of chaos every subjective  reality tunnel , or interpretation of the world, is as real as any other.In this sense we can observe the new  God Emperor of USA  as a magical creation of Internet, by the Internet and for the Internet   today still the Internet of interconnected computer nodes, but soon probably the Internet of Things.If one is to push Spencer s remark to it s logical extreme, we can assert that illustrious Donald is the world s first president of posthuman race; an embodiment of a ultra progressive dream invoked to reality by professed ultra anti-progressive group.So that was lesser weirdness. Let us proceed now to high weirdness.Hail Kek!We owe the reader an answer to a question: who the hell is Kek?Well, the reason why Spencer mentions him is again a magickal  half-joke : Kek is interpreted to be an ancient Egyptian deity by a number of Internet observers and identified with alt right memetic avatar   Pepe the Frog. While I habitually suspend judgment on all things Egyptian, because ancient Egyptian culture is a slippery ground even for experts, I consider this interpretation, upon closer inspection, to be quite valid in the virtual light of chaos logic.Namely, Pepe, the cartoon character, conceived in 2005. by cartoonist Matt Furie, emerged as a meme from the depths of Internet forums, more precisely: 4chan sub-forum/pol/, devoted to political discussions with no holds barred, which was, in view of some observers, a breeding ground for many alt right aficionados; a place of absolute freedom, therefore: absolute chaos.The expression  Kek  was also appropriated from the forums and stems from the in-joke among the players of World of Warcraft, replacing the standard Internet abbreviation  LOL  ( laughing out loud ). Someone eventually noticed that Kek is in fact the name of frog-headed Egyptian deity, signifying Chaos and darkness, and Pepe was then rebranded as Kek the deity   an ironic one, no doubt, half joking one, as surprisingly many alt-righters like to put it, but deity nonetheless.It is important to point out that in view of the most  esoteric Kekists , that is: (half grinning) faithful of Kek/Pepe, the association was originally entirely haphazard and accidental, yet it developed into an ever growing system of synchronicities   causally unrelated meaningful relations among events. So it came to pass that Kek sounds very similar to  cuck (originally: cuckservative), a term denoting old fashioned conservative who was still not  red pilled  (another meme taken from pop culture, shared by both alt right and conspiracy theorists) by alt right or, should we assume: Kek himself; furthermore, Hillary Clinton addressed Pepe as nothing less than public enemy, identifying presumably the whole alt right movement with cartoon character. Then it happened that after this act Hillary fainted in front of the cameras, and that was immediately interpreted as an action of Kek. A good run-down of Kek/Pepe/Trump identification.However, it all began with people noticing the numerical synchronicities in the random series of numbers in posts on /pol/ sub-forum: One last thing you need to understand about imageboard culture: dubs.Every post on 4chan and similar venues comes with an 8-digit numerical stamp.  This number represents that post s entry position in the entire posting lineage of the imageboard.With the amount of traffic these sites get, the last couple digits of this number are essentially a random roll.  When a poster gets repeated digits, its called  dubs ,  trips ,  quads , and so on.Since a poster can t know their post number until after they ve submitted the post, its common for people to  bet  the contents of their message on the occurrence of repeating digits ( ) When that endeavor proves a successful, a  GET  has been made and the stroke of luck is celebrated.Out of this practice, a strange phenomenon began to take place on /pol/: discussion threads associated with Trump displayed noticeably frequent GETs.  It wasn t long before all of these seemingly random elements discussed so far became irreparably tied together within imageboard culture: and a god was born.  (source)Synchronicities  related to emergence of Kek the God and his merging with Trump in the bowels of Internet forums early on in the  presidential campaign, are so numerous and, frankly, mind boggling that we cannot list them here, for the sake of brevity. For our purpose it is sufficient to point out that for many alt right aficionados, including core leadership, Kek is the God and Trump is his prophet, all declared with smug grin and ironical stance, yet with all the necessary power of conviction.Namely, chaos magick relies on laughter, or irreverence of its own principles because it is essentially un-principled. Fairly in accordance with its postmodern nature it seeks to deconstruct any kind of order to enable its  practitioner  to impose his own will and change the world   as Spencer would put it: make his dreams a reality.I would go further and add: make all reality a dream; because, chaos magick and alt right are nothing more but novel forms in the development of virtual, i.e. posthuman, world. The idea of adherence and reattachment to tradition that the alt right movement professes is nothing more but simulacrum appealing to people tired of liberal nihilism   in its essence, however, it is a complete opposite: a disintegration of all substantial traditional principles   above all an idea of preexistent hierarchy of Being   into nothingness of primordial Chaos.Posthuman traditionalismI already developed this insight regarding the subversive work of Alexander Dugin, who is probably the most consequent subverter of Tradition with recognizable public persona acting in our age, but now we can see how his affiliates in the USA and Europe are doing the same thing   with less philosophical subtlety, but fueled by much greater raw power. Namely, alt right, if we are to judge by what its leadership advocates, is ideologically nothing more but project of building the simulated tradition   something Richard Spencer likes to call  political theology    founded on New Age filtered Aryan myths, racial interpretation of Nietzsche and generally crossbred with  do your own thing  mentality, all done in the virtual ether of information technology. After all, if we are to agree with Spencer   half jokingly of course   that God Emperor was inaugurated by the act of Kek the God, then the victory of alt right  traditionalists  is in fact the victory of technological magic; the act of pseudo magus waving the same wand Ray Kurzweill and his ilk offer to progressive lunatics.In the end, therefore, we are talking about another victory of posthumanism, branded, spontaneously or otherwise, as  traditionalism.  The obsession of alt right adherents with  identity  in general and  white identity  in particular points to a fact that they are unable to realize the simple truth of Tradition they supposedly defend: they understand identity as something that can be created and not something that must be accepted. Observing the plethora of various, rather eccentric individuals in its vanguard, from macho gay postmodern Spartans to adherents to all kinds of exotic   and to a large extent made up   pagan religions one is at the lack to find a common denominator, save maybe for quite unchallenged neo-Darwinist stance, especially to be found among  game  bloggers as Chateau Heartiste. If someone thinks that he can reattach himself to pre-modern spiritual history of humankind   actually the only one there is   while at the same time musing about  alpha and beta males ,  sexual market ,  signaling and counter-signaling , professing therefore his proud monkey ancestry and reducing human relations to mental GMO of memes, genes and biological analogies   he is doing nothing else than unconsciously subverting the very thing he seemingly defends.The allure of alt right lies in its dialectical opposition to political correctness and rampart destruction of moral substance of the West, induced by process of globalization. Yet this is an eristic or, to use an excellent neologism invented by one correspondent of mine: discordian dialectic; the process of infinite division into ever multiplying opposites founded on the principle of Chaos. It is all done with the crooked half grin, a pinch of salt to every smug remark   with irony of the man who knows he s a liar and a cheat. But smug humor goes just a short way. In the end it morphs into sarcasm and irreverence of what should in fact be revered and subverts the very principles it professes to defend, far more effectively than dead serious PC brigade or techno loonies of posthumanist movement could ever hope for.We ll end with the word of warning to Christian adherents of alt right. The words have a definite meanings and power. There s only one Chaos and there s only one bringer of light from Chaos   as some Kek worshipers already defined the poor Frog s main job. And it s not the One to be defined as  God from God, Light from Light , but  God from Gutter, Light from Darkness . A real Darkness shining in virtual brightness. Hope you guess His name.So, without a pinch of irony, I declare: be careful who your  hail .***Author Branko Mali is a Croatian author and owner of Kali Tribune, with the background in classical philosophy. He s focused on philosophy, media, culture and deep politics analysis.READ MORE PHILOSOPHY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Philosophy FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22349,The Entire Mainstream Warmongering Media is Fake,"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireIf the Trump phenomena showed anything, it showed the consensus reality the mainstream media attempted to create concerning Hillary s certain victory, as well as the consensus reality erected for decades, is not omnipotent.In fact, the earliest days of mass print media were erected on a famous fraud known as the Great Moon Hoax  of 1835  something researcher Chris Kendall has long called attention to   wherein the  educated,   elite  widely accepted the mainstream publications  claim bat people inhabited the lunar surface.In our day, a similar hoax still reigns, as mainstream media is literally as credible as Weekly World News  Bat Boy story. Orson Wells as Citizen Kane (1941)Anyone who has seen Orson Welles Citizen Kane knows the director became a target of one of the most powerful media moguls of all time   William Randolph Hearst (who bought up all the major papers of his day). Not many years later, Skull and Bonesman  Baal,  aka, Henry Luce of Time Magazine fame and his CIA operative wife Claire Boothe would cooperate in promoting the  anti-establishment  hallucinogenic trend, along with the dozens of academic and government institutions associated with MK ULTRA.What was supposedly anti-establishment was in fact promoted by the mass media for the explicit purposes of cultural revolution and social engineering, as Dave McGowan has detailed in his Weird Scenes Inside the Canyon.The major television news companies, and CBS in particular, have their origins in operatives of the OSS, like William Paley and David Sarnoff, while the same goes for print media, as the CIA s tentacles extended to major publications, including Katherine Graham s Washington Post, the Bushes and the Moonies with the Washington Times, as well as the Mockingbird New York Times. Investigations into the CIA s Operation Mockingbird would reveal extensive media control through some 400 top editors and journalists, and even today known establishment and CIA operatives such as Anderson Cooper (CNN-CBS) and Robert Baer (CNN) regularly  report the facts  to millions of Americans.Journalist Robert Parry notes as a further example the mainstream, establishment press covering up numerous scandals for the Reagan Administration, including Nicaraguan drug trafficking and the infamous Iran-Contra: At least since the 1980s, The New York Times has misreported or glossed over many international issues that put the United States and its allies in a negative light.For instance, the Times not only missed the Nicaraguan Contra cocaine scandal, but actively covered up the Reagan administration s role in the wrongdoing through the 1980s and much of the 1990s.The Times lagged badly, too, on investigating the secret operations that became known as the Iran-Contra Affair. The Times  gullibility in the face of official denials was an obstacle for those of us digging into that constitutional crisis and other abuses by the Reagan administration. [For more on this topic, see Consortiumnews.com s  New York Times: Apologist for Power. ]In that same era, The Washington Post performed no better. Leonard Downie, its executive editor at the time of the Contra-cocaine scandal, has continued to reject the reality of Ronald Reagan s beloved Contras trafficking in cocaine despite the 1998 findings of CIA Inspector General Frederick Hitz that, in fact, many Contras were neck-deep in the cocaine trade and the Reagan administration covered up their criminality for geopolitical reasons. Rumsfeld and Saddam: Old BFFs.This scandal was not limited to the GOP covering its ass, but also the other wing of the decrepit vulture of our two party system when the Clintons were implicated in the CIA s drug importation to Mena, Arkansas, through the journalistic work of Gary Webb. The Telegraph explains: Webb summed up the heart of his Dark Alliance series thus:  It is one of the most bizarre alliances in modern history. The union of a U.S. backed army attempting to overthrow a revolutionary socialist government and the uzi-toting  gangstas  of Compton and South-Central Los Angeles.Perhaps most damningly, Webb wrote that crack was virtually unobtainable in the city s black neighbourhoods before  members of the CIA s army  began supplying it at rock-bottom prices in the Eighties.  For the better part of a decade,  he wrote in the intro to the first piece in the trilogy,  a San Francisco Bay Area drug ring sold tonnes of cocaine to the Crips and Bloods street gangs of Los Angeles, and funnelled millions in drug profits to a Latin American guerrilla army run by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. Given the mainstream media is almost wholly owned by 6 conglomerates, we can begin to see how the coordination and control once considered a  conspiracy theory  is now made evident. In 1983, there were 50 and now it is roughly six, with NewsCorp owning the largest papers on three continents. That these facts sound like a  conspiracy theory  can only be presumed from a position of ignorance, especially given the full coordination and deception regarding the Trump   Clinton election of 2016, from rigged polls to Wikileaks revelations of 6o plus top media operatives directly promoting Hillary.When the mainstream media and the lying CIA claimed Saddam had  weapons of mass destruction,  it was promulgating fake news. The false claim subsequently led to the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis for a ridiculous war that aided U.S. and Israeli foreign policy. While the WMD claim is now known to be untrue, the chemical weapons Saddam previously possessed were admittedly given to him by the CIA. When Saddam gassed Iranians in the conflict that saw U.S. arming of both sides of that war, it was done by a man installed and trained by the CIA (Saddam himself). Foreign Policy explains: According to recently declassified CIA documents and interviews with former intelligence officials like Francona, the U.S. had firm evidence of Iraqi chemical attacks beginning in 1983. At the time, Iran was publicly alleging that illegal chemical attacks were carried out on its forces, and was building a case to present to the United Nations. But it lacked the evidence implicating Iraq, much of which was contained in top secret reports and memoranda sent to the most senior intelligence officials in the U.S. government. The CIA declined to comment for this story.It has been previously reported that the United States provided tactical intelligence to Iraq at the same time that officials suspected Hussein would use chemical weapons. But the CIA documents, which sat almost entirely unnoticed in a trove of declassified material at the National Archives in College Park, Md., combined with exclusive interviews with former intelligence officials, reveal new details about the depth of the United States  knowledge of how and when Iraq employed the deadly agents. They show that senior U.S. officials were being regularly informed about the scale of the nerve gas attacks. They are tantamount to an official American admission of complicity in some of the most gruesome chemical weapons attacks ever launched. And as for Saddam as a tool of the CIA, even the UPI reported, based on Miles Copeland, the following: In the mid-1980s, Miles Copeland, a veteran CIA operative, told UPI the CIA had enjoyed  close ties  with Qasim s ruling Baath Party, just as it had close connections with the intelligence service of Egyptian leader Gamel Abd Nassar. In a recent public statement, Roger Morris, a former National Security Council staffer in the 1970s, confirmed this claim, saying that the CIA had chosen the authoritarian and anti-communist Baath Party  as its instrument. Iraq wasn t the only war-based lie (all wars are a racket, as General Smedley Butler said) of note   the entire tale of 9/11 was never questioned by the mainstream media, but in fact propped by coordinated disinformation. Within minutes, the top media outlets were assuring the public  Osama bin Laden  was the culprit, and what do you know, like Saddam, he happened to be another CIA cut-out asset. Not only was this flimsy official conspiracy theory ludicrous, it was compounded with an equally laughable  raid, capture and execution,  that was not televised, photographed or known, apart from the mainstream media simply claiming it was so. The CIA director even admitted as much, adding the infamous  situation room  photo was staged. . Following 9/11, a paper thin cover for expansion into Afghanistan was proffered upon the American population, when Afghanistan had no connection to 9/11 or Iraq. Incoherent and contradictory accounts of who was the villain, where Osama s cartoonish base was and how this somehow related to Iraq was touted by W, while the media worked fully in tandem with this ridiculous foreign policy. Even more absurd, and confirming the tip of the iceberg Webb had uncovered, U.S. occupation of Afghanistan saw the exponential increase in opium production, with Fox even showing America s finest guarding the opium fields! None of this could have been achieved without a massive coordinating deception campaign by the mainstream media.  The  lies have not been as successful in Syria, but we can expect them to keep the staged nonsense rolling.Jay Dyer is the author of the new book, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day Publishers.  Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast, Esoteric Hollywood, investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22350,Boiler Room EP #85 – The Return of the Social Rejects Club,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer, Jamie Hanshaw host of Happy Hearts,  Andy Nowicki of Alt Right Blogspot and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East for the 85th episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in a post-election special broadcast of Boiler Room with the crew. This week the Boiler mind-trust is going about examining current events like the media aardvarks that they are. Jamie brings up the odd behaviors of Kanye West and the Boiler Room discusses if he has he gone  star-truther  and off the rails or is it all an act? PizzaGate rears its ugly head yet again along with the ongoing events being lumped into the  FakeNews  hashtag meme wars. The Boiler team is also putting their analysis on record as we witness the continued demonization of the  Alt Right  in the #DiscreditedMedia. Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Listen to  Boiler Room #85   The Return of the Social Reject Club  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22351,Hillary Clinton Supporters Now Calling for a Recount of Votes in Battleground States," The person who received the most votes free from interference or tampering needs to be in the White House. It may well be Donald J. Trump, but further due diligence is required to ensure that American democracy is not threatened. 21st Century Wire says Although the election was called on Nov 8th, the Democratic Party s ongoing campaign to delegitimize the new incoming President is still ongoing. For those of us with long enough memories, the Democratic Party, their media operatives and the Clinton Campaign were claiming that Trump and the GOP would be engaged in this very same behavior after Hillary Clinton won the Presidency (as expected).Notice how the shoe is now on the other foot.It s interesting reading past stories by  news  sources linked to the Clinton Campaign and John Podesta as Politico has, who ran a feature on Aug 16th entitled,  Why the GOP Will Never Accept President Hillary Clinton  which lays out the case of Hillary s lock on the White House and how the evil Republicans will not accept her eventual election victory. Will Donald Trump respect the peaceful transition of power?  howled CNN s Wolf Blitzer in the run-up to the election. The question now is: will the Democrats respect the result, and simply  Move On,  as they say?Of course, we now know that  journalists  like Wolf at CNN were getting their talking points directly the Clinton Campaign.As it turns out, the only thing illegitimate about the 2016 Election  was the mainstream corporate media. More form the Guardian  John Swane The GuardianA growing number of academics and activists are calling for US authorities to fully audit or recount the 2016 presidential election vote in key battleground states, in case the results could have been skewed by foreign hackers.The loose coalition, which is urging Hillary Clinton s campaign to join its fight, is preparing to deliver a report detailing its concerns to congressional committee chairs and federal authorities early next week, according to two people involved.The document, which is currently 18 pages long, focuses on concerns about the results in the states of Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. I m interested in verifying the vote,  said Dr Barbara Simons, an adviser to the US election assistance commission and expert on electronic voting.  We need to have post-election ballot audits.  Simons is understood to have contributed analysis to the effort but declined to characterise the precise nature of her involvement.A second group of analysts, led by the National Voting Rights Institute founder John Bonifaz and Professor Alex Halderman, the director of the University of Michigan s center for computer security and society, is also taking part in the push for a review, and has been in contact with Simons.In a blogpost early on Wednesday, Halderman said paper ballots and voting equipment should be examined in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, warning that deadlines were rapidly approaching. Unfortunately, nobody is ever going to examine that evidence unless candidates in those states act now, in the next several days, to petition for recounts,  he said.The developments follow Clinton s surprise defeat to Donald Trump in the 8 November vote, and come after US intelligence authorities released public assessments that Russian hackers were behind intrusions into regional electoral computer systems and the theft of emails from Democratic officials before the election Continue this article at The GuardianREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files ",0
22352,"Trump Transition: As Secretary of State, Tulsi Gabbard offers potential for peace with Syria, Russia","Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireSo far as world peace and prosperity goes, most of the names currently being kicked around for America s top diplomatic position do not inspire a great deal of confidence. It s easy to feel uneasy when you see recycled neoconservative hawks like John Bolton and Rudy Giuliani, or old hands like Mitt Romney who previously stated that  Russia is America s greatest threat.   As far as potential picks go for Secretary of State, none is more interesting than the potential that Democratic Congresswoman  Tulsi Gabbard brings to the table. President-Elect Donald Trump invited Hawaii s Gabbard to New York City this week for a meeting regarding possible involvement in the new Presidential Administration. She s got a lot going for her   as an Iraq War veteran with deep understanding of the perils of US interventions overseas, she also brings with her some common sense geopolitical context  a refreshing change from the off-the-shelf, neoliberal interventionist juggernaut previously driven by the hawkish Hillary Clinton, or the flippant public tirades and baseless insults leveled at Russia by the likes of Samantha Power.With an apparently more experienced Romney ahead of her in the queue, Gabbard is certainly a long shot, but considering the mess left behind by eight years of clandestine free for-all and the chronic absent-minded Obama era interventionist policy blunders, not to mention (but we will) the hysterical public meltdowns by US State Dept spokespersons like John Kirby, Jen Psaki and Marie Harf   you can t help but consider the fresh approach that someone like Gabbard might offer.Gabbard (photo, left) also understands the dangers posed by salafist and Wahabi extremists like ISIS, and most certainly would push back against the Obama Administration and the CIA s dubious (and technically illegal, by way of US and international law) policy of arming and supporting various and sundry moderate rebel  extremists (terrorists) in Syria   like Al Nusra Front, Arar al Sham, Nour al-din al-Zenki and many others   all favored by western covert subterfuge teams as instruments of  regime change  in Syria.In terms of independence, Gabbard has already made it clear that her stint would not involve capitulating to her GOP cabinet cohorts, adding that if she was to disagree with President Trump,  I will not hesitate to express that disagreement. Previously, Gabbard was Vice Chair of the Democratic National Committee (DNC), but suddenly resigned earlier this year in protest after pointing out her party s unfair favoring of Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders during their party s primaries. Following the Wikileaks disclosures, it turns out that Gabbard was on the right side of history, while her detractors in the DNC leadership hierarchy like Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Schultz (forced to resign over the Sanders affair was exposed) and Donna Brazile (caught cheating with CNN by passing questions to the Clinton campaign) ended up on the wrong side of history. Here we can see a positive pattern emerging for Gabbard, and it gets better.SEE ALSO: Trump s Foreign Policy: Russia, Syria, Iran and Cabinet NeoconsRegarding foreign policy, Gabbard s stance on Syria is remarkable, and holds great potential for a resolution to the 5 year conflict (not a civil war), as well as a chance to make positive inroads with Russia and other countries who have been perennial foes of both the Obama and Bush Administrations. Because of this, Gabbard has many enemies from on both the Republicans and Democratic chambers alike. Washington, with all of its untoward influence from the cartel of military defense contractor giants, and foreign lobbies like Israel and Saudi Arabia, will not go quietly overnight.In a major departure from the abject failure of the Obama-Clinton-Kerry proxy war debacle in Syria, Gabbard said this about her alignment with Trump policy objectives and diffusing a tense situation in Syria: However, I believe we can disagree, even strongly, but still come together on issues that matter to the American people and affect their daily lives. We cannot allow continued divisiveness to destroy our country  I shared with him my grave concerns that escalating the war in Syria by implementing a so-called no fly/safe zone would be disastrous for the Syrian people, our country and the world,  she said.  It would lead to more death and suffering, exacerbate the refugee crisis, strengthen ISIS and al-Qaeda and bring us into a direct conflict with Russia, which could result in a nuclear war. We discussed my bill to end our country s illegal war to overthrow the Syrian government and the need to focus our precious resources on rebuilding our own country and on defeating al-Qaeda, ISIS and other terrorist groups who pose a threat to the American people. Critics have remarked about her young age (35 years old) and lack of political experience. However, consider how much experience both of the previous Secretary of States had in John Kerry and Hillary Clinton   and yet, they have presided over one unmitigated foreign policy disaster after another, whether in Libya, Syria, Yemen or the Ukraine. Quite possibly, history will look back on these two Obama appointees as the worst ever Secretary of States to hold that position. This is no exaggeration when you pause and take a sober look around the Middle East today.Aside from the novelty of her relative youth in relation to typically older diplomats, Gabbard s authenticity and character comes across in her public speaking, and thus she could be very effective, and no doubt very popular internationally. She s also gone against the party line on Syria. Once again, there she is on the right side of history, while her more experienced party leaders are on stuck on the wrong side. While boldly challenging the party line won t win you any favors in the partisan cesspool of the DC swamp, it shows the sort of character required to lead a team for successful bilateral consensus-building at the international negotiations table. In terms of the US public relations image internationally, this is an intangible benefit that you simply cannot put a price on, because right now, Washington s chief priority should be mending some of the serious rifts left behind by a previously derelict State Dept. Gabbard has the potential to paint US diplomacy in an entirely new light, and a positive one at that. The biggest mistake a Trump White House could make is to place a neoconservative, or hawkish Secretary in place who might help to reboot talking up a war with Iran, or use NATO to press against Russia at its doorstep.So the real question should not be about Gabbard s relative experience, but rather can she be what the previous Secretaries could not   a diplomat.It s a long shot, but she has the potential to mend a fractured Middle East and also revamp relations with Russia   which means a more peaceful and stable world. Not a bad a thought.More from the Trump Transition Team . Shushannah Walshe ABCDemocratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, a high-profile Bernie Sanders supporter during the Democratic primaries, is  under serious consideration  for various Cabinet positions in President-elect Donald Trump s administration, according to a senior official on the transition team.According to the official, the 35-year-old Hawaii congresswoman is being looked as a candidate for secretary of state, secretary of defense or United Nations ambassador. If selected, Gabbard will be the first woman as well as the youngest pick for Trump s Cabinet.She met with him this morning in his New York City offices at Trump Tower. The Trump transition source said that their sit-down was a  terrific meeting  and that the Trump team sees her as very impressive.Gabbard, a progressive Democrat, has bucked her party in Congress and during the contentious Democratic primaries. In February she left her position as vice chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee to support Sanders. In the House she has broken with Democrats on the Syrian civil war (she supports keeping President Bashar al-Assad in power) and Syrian refugees (she voted for a GOP bill last year to conduct stricter background checks on refugees).This afternoon she released a long statement on her meeting with Trump, saying he asked to meet with her about  our current policies regarding Syria, our fight against terrorist groups like al-Qaeda and ISIS, as well as other foreign policy challenges we face.  She said they had a  frank and positive conversation in which we discussed a variety of foreign policy issues in depth. Continue this story at ABCREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22353,Mainstream Liars Now Want to be Self-Appointed Monarchs of ‘Truth’,"This biggest failure of the mainstream media was their inability to police themselves. From partisan dishonesty to outright lies   they have destroyed their own credibility, and amazingly, now they want to be the internet s  truth  task force  Neil Clark RT OpEdgeThe Oxford Dictionaries have named  post-truth  as the word of the year.  Fake news  and  post-truth  politics have been blamed for both the Brexit vote in the UK and the victory of Donald Trump in America.It seems the uneducated plebs are falling for  fake news  they read in  new media  and the lies of dreadful rabble-rousing populist politicians who are relying on people s emotions, instead of  objective facts,  to get votes. It s all terribly worrying and poses a dire threat to Western civilization as we know it.Well, forgive me for laughing out loud. For this establishment  fake news / post-truth politics  concern is the funniest thing I ve come across in politics since Lord Jenkins of Hillhead, the very grand Chancellor of the University of Oxford, repeatedly called distinguished Sheldonian guest Mikhail Gorbachev,  Mr. Brezhnev. Why is it so hilarious? Because the people and the outlets warning of the dangers of  fake news  and  post-truth politics  have been the biggest peddlers of  fake news  and  post-truth politics  out there. It s like receiving lectures on the immorality of bootlegging from Al Capone or being told to sit up straight by the Hunchback of Notre Dame.Without a doubt the best, or rather the worst example of  fake news  in the last 25 years or so, was the neocon lie that Iraq had WMDs in 2002/3. That wasn t peddled by  obscure bloggers  and  new media,  but by mainstream Western politicians, from  mainstream  political parties, establishment-approved  experts  on the BBC/ITV/CNN, etc., and Op-ed columnists in  serious  and  respectable  media outlets.@georgegalloway @Independent Tony Blair is a lying warmongering post-truth politician, of course he hates Corbyn. pic.twitter.com/6ZD4FWudyI  Antony Warren (@Lovejoy999) November 20, 2016There was absolutely no evidence that Saddam possessed WMDs. The story was complete and utter BS. Yet this fake news dominated the headlines for months in 2002/3 and led to an illegal invasion in which many people lost their lives. Unlike today s manufactured  fake news  hysteria the Iraq war was no joke. An entire country was destroyed.And guess what? Those who pushed the  Iraq has WMDs line  are now coming on television to express their concern over  fake news !John Hilley notes The BBC even had Alastair Campbell (Tony Blair s spin doctor), in the studio defending the term  post-truth  as a way of exposing the  dangers  of  fake news.' Campbell stated:  It s acknowledging that politics, which has always been rough, has moved to a different phase where politicians who lie now appear to get rewarded for it.  (BBC2 Jeremy Vine Show, 16/11/2016).What might Orwell have said about Campbell, master spinner and Blairite warmonger, sitting inside the BBC being rewarded for his thoughts on  post-truth and  fake news?  Hilley asks.Once again, I m sure old George is spinning in his grave in Sutton Courtenay.Then there s that serial warmonger Bernard-Henri Levy. The Sunday Telegraph today told us in its headlines:  Leading French philosopher: Marine Le Pen may win election as people have lost interest in whether politicians tell the truth. Oh, the irony!Because if the French people really have  lost interest in whether politicians tell the truth,  Henri-Levy and his fellow liberal interventionist  regime changers  have got a lot to do with it. Think back to the war against Libya, which the  leading French philosopher  lobbied hard for. To sell the war to the Western public, we were told that Muammar Gaddafi was about to commit a  Srebrenica-style  massacre in Benghazi. Media Lens noted the claims that were made at the time.But again it was a load of  rollocks.  Five years after Libya, like Iraq before it, had been destroyed by Western  interventionists,  a report of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the House of Commons declared:  the proposition that Muammar Gaddafi would have ordered the massacre of civilians in Benghazi was not supported by the available evidence. It wasn t the only claim made about Libya by Western politicians that was  not supported by the available evidence.  In February 2011, UK Foreign Secretary William Hague insisted that he had seen  information  which suggested that Gaddafi was on his way to Venezuela. An unnamed  diplomat  said that this was  credible information.  But it wasn t. It was the same old fake news that we get every time the Western elites are trying to achieve  regime change. In April 2011 we heard that the devilish Gaddafi (who had not, after all, fled to Caracas), was supplying his troops with Viagra  to encourage mass rape. REVEALED: The Real Fake News List https://t.co/1CkOSe25LU pic.twitter.com/lqb9Uze1pi  Ron Paul (@RonPaul) November 19, 2016 Gaddafi s security forces and other groups in the region are trying to divide the people by using violence against women and rape as tools of war, and the United States condemns this in the strongest possible terms,  declared Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, whose supporters are now complaining about  post-truth politics.Again, no evidence was put forward for the Viagra/mass rape claim and, surprise, surprise, none was ever found.A clear pattern can be discerned. To get public support for its illegal regime change wars, the Western establishment energetically promotes a number of  fake news  stories. These stories are usually reported unquestioningly in  respectable  outlets and are regularly cited by neocon/liberal interventionist commentators as a reason for taking action against the target state.  Anonymous  sources feature heavily in these stories, which like MI6 s  Operation Mass Appeal  are often planted by the security services.Meanwhile, people s emotions are shamelessly played upon by the  something must be done  brigade of  liberal  laptop bombardiers, the same crowd, note well, who accuse  populist  politicians of ignoring  objective facts  and playing on people s emotions.The fake news continues while the regime change operation is ongoing. After its over, we re all meant to forget about the false stories we were fed and focus on the next  New Hitler  who needs to be dealt with. In 2011, it was the despicable Gaddafi, now it s the despicable Assad and the despicable Putin who we re told:  have to be stopped. Every time 'MSM' report US-UK government claims of a perceived 'responsibility to protect' Iraqis, Libyans and Syrians, it's fake news.  Media Lens (@medialens) November 19, 2016The term  post-truth  politics implies there was a time when politics was truthful. I doubt if that ever was the case, but certainly in the last 25 years, thanks to the influence of neocons and  liberal interventionists , the lies have been off the scale. Remember the Niger uranium forgeries? And Saddam s horrific  People Shredder ?And before the Iraq war, we had the  humanitarian  NATO bombing of Yugoslavia, where again fake news dominated. US Defense Secretary William Cohen claimed about 100,000 military-aged  Kosovan Albanians were missing   they may have been murdered. As John Pilger reminded us,  Kosovo, the site of a genocide that never was, is now a violent  free market  in drugs and prostitution. It wasn t the only lurid claim that was made to sell the war. But again the  genocide  and hundreds of thousands killed stories were false, as a UN court itself ruled in 2001.Fake news also featured heavily in the neocon campaign to get Iran sanctioned for an entirely unproven nuclear weapons program. It s dominated the coverage of recent events in Ukraine, with Russia s non-existent  invasion of Ukraine  routinely referred to as a fact. The conflict in Syria too has been marked by  fake news,  and theories being reported as if they re 100 percent proven. How many times have you read that  Assad gassed his own people  at Ghouta in 2013, even though we still don t know for sure who carried out the attack?If it s  official enemies  we re talking about  fact-checking  and citing sources isn t all that important for those who pounce on a mere typo if it s an anti-war writer who s making a claim.Now, the same people who have disseminated fake news for so long and who are still, even after Iraq and Libya, embedded in the West s political and media establishments, are lashing out because they no longer control the narrative as they used to. The public is getting their news from a much wider variety of sources and voting for  populist,  i.e., non-neocon/liberal interventionist-anointed candidates/parties at elections.Instead of admitting that it s their  fake news  and  post-truth politics  which has caused people to switch off from establishment media and to stop voting for status quo candidates, the endless war lobby has the effrontery to accuse others of the things they have been guilty of.Concern over  fake news  and  post-truth politics  from the West s endless war propagandists?It s hard to think of a better example of what psychologists call  projection. Follow Neil Clark @NeilClark66READ MORE ABOUT MSM LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Watch Files",0
22354,Ron Paul Highlights Real List of Mainstream ‘Fake News’ Journalists," RTFormer congressman Ron Paul revealed a list of  fake news  journalists he claims are responsible for  bogus wars  and lies about Hillary Clinton s chances of winning the election. Journalists from CNN, the New York Times, and the Guardian are included. This list contains the culprits who told us that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction and lied us into multiple bogus wars, according to a report on his website, Ron Paul Liberty Report. Paul claims the list is sourced and  holds a lot more water than a list previously released by Melissa Zimdars, who is described on Paul s website as  a leftist feminist professor. REVEALED: The Real Fake News List https://t.co/1CkOSe25LU pic.twitter.com/lqb9Uze1pi  Ron Paul (@RonPaul) November 19, 2016@RonPaul @The_NewRight pic.twitter.com/HntdHZbnkm  Stavros (@ubipages) November 19, 2016 These are the news sources that told us  if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor, he said.  They told us that Hillary Clinton had a 98% of winning the election. They tell us in a never-ending loop that  The economy is in great shape! Paul s list includes the full names of the  fake news  journalists as well as the publications they write for, with what appears to be hyperlinks to where the allegations are sourced from. In most cases, this is WikiLeaks, but none of the hyperlinks are working at present, leaving the exact sources of the list unknown.CNN is Paul s biggest alleged culprit, with nine entries, followed by the NY Times and MSNBC, with six each. The NY Times has recently come under fire from President-elect Donald Trump, who accuses them of being  totally wrong  on news regarding his transition team, while describing them as  failing. The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 16, 2016The publication hit back, however, saying their business has increased since his election, with a surge in new subscriptions.CNN s Wolf Blitzer is also amongst those named on the list. In an email from the Democratic National Committee (DNC) released by WikiLeaks, the DNC staff discusses sending questions to CNN for an interview with Donald Trump.Also listed is NY Times journalist Maggie Haberman, whom leaked emails showed working closely with Clinton s campaign to present the Democratic candidate in a favorable light.READ MORE: New leak reveals extent of Clinton ties with US mediaSo-called  fake news  has been recently attacked by US President Barack Obama, who claimed that false news shared online may have played a role in Donald Trump s victory in the US presidential election.Facebook head Mark Zuckerberg has now said that the social media site may begin entrusting third parties with filtering the news.READ MORE: Zuckerberg hints at third-party news verification to fight  fake news  on FacebookREAD MORE ABOUT MSM FABRICATING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Watch FilesShare on FacebookShare on Twitter",0
22355,New York Times is Advocating for Internet Censorship (controlled by them and other ‘approved’ agents)," The Times asserts that such censorship would be good for democracy   and it surely is true that hoaxes and baseless conspiracy theories are no help to democracy   but regulation of information in the manner that the Times suggests has more than a whiff of Orwellian totalitarianism to it.  Robert Parry  Consortium NewsIn its lead editorial on Sunday, The New York Times decried what it deemed  The Digital Virus Called Fake News  and called for Internet censorship to counter this alleged problem, taking particular aim at Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg for letting  liars and con artists hijack his platform. As this mainstream campaign against  fake news  quickly has gained momentum in the past week, two false items get cited repeatedly, a claim that Pope Francis endorsed Donald Trump and an assertion that Trump was prevailing in the popular vote over Hillary Clinton. I could add another election-related falsehood, a hoax spread by Trump supporters that liberal documentarian Michael Moore was endorsing Trump when he actually was backing Clinton.But I also know that Clinton supporters were privately pushing some salacious and unsubstantiated charges about Trump s sex life, and Clinton personally charged that Trump was under the control of Russian President Vladimir Putin although there was no evidence presented to support that McCarthyistic accusation.The simple reality is that lots of dubious accusations get flung around during the heat of a campaign   nothing new there   and it is always a challenge for professional journalists to swat them down the best we can. What s different now is that the Times envisions some structure (or algorithm) for eliminating what it calls  fake news. Photograph published by the New York Times purportedly taken in Russia of Russian soldiers who later appeared in eastern Ukraine. However, the photographer has since stated that the photo was actually taken in Ukraine, and the U.S. State Department has acknowledged the error.But, with a stunning lack of self-awareness, the Times fails to acknowledge the many times that it has published  fake news,  such as reporting in 2002 that Iraq s purchase of aluminum tubes meant that it was reconstituting its nuclear weapons program; its bogus analysis tracing the firing location of a Syrian sarin-laden rocket in 2013 back to a Syrian military base that turned out to be four times outside the rocket s range; or its publication of photos supposedly showing Russian soldiers inside Russia and then inside Ukraine in 2014 when it turned out that the  inside-Russia  photo was also taken inside Ukraine, destroying the premise of the story.These are just three examples among many of the Times publishing  fake news    and all three appeared on Page One before being grudgingly or partially retracted, usually far inside the newspaper under opaque headlines so most readers wouldn t notice. Much of the Times   fake news  continued to reverberate in support of U.S. government propaganda even after the partial retractions.Who Is the Judge?So, should Zuckerberg prevent Facebook users from circulating New York Times stories? Obviously, the Times would not favor that solution to the problem of  fake news.  Instead, the Times expects to be one of the arbiters deciding which Internet outlets get banned and which ones get gold seals of approval.The Times lead editorial, following a front-page article on the same topic on Friday, leaves little doubt what the newspaper would like to see. It wants major Internet platforms and search engines, such as Facebook and Google, to close off access to sites accused of disseminating  fake news. The editorial said,  a big part of the responsibility for this scourge rests with internet companies like Facebook and Google, which have made it possible for fake news to be shared nearly instantly with millions of users and have been slow to block it from their sites.  Facebook says it is working on weeding out such fabrications. It said last Monday that it would no longer place Facebook-powered ads on fake news websites, a move that could cost Facebook and those fake news sites a lucrative source of revenue. Earlier on the same day, Google said it would stop letting those sites use its ad placement network. These steps would help, but Facebook, in particular, owes its users, and democracy itself, far more. Facebook has demonstrated that it can effectively block content like click-bait articles and spam from its platform by tweaking its algorithms, which determine what links, photos and ads users see in their news feeds.   Facebook managers are constantly changing and refining the algorithms, which means the system is malleable and subject to human judgment. The Times editorial continued:  This summer, Facebook decided to show more posts from friends and family members in users  news feeds and reduce stories from news organizations, because that s what it said users wanted. If it can do that, surely its programmers can train the software to spot bogus stories and outwit the people producing this garbage.  Mr. Zuckerberg himself has spoken at length about how social media can help improve society.   None of that will happen if he continues to let liars and con artists hijack his platform. Gray AreasBut the problem is that while some falsehoods may be obvious and clear-cut, much information exists in a gray area in which two or more sides may disagree on what the facts are. And the U.S. government doesn t always tell the truth although you would be hard-pressed to find recent examples of the Times recognizing that reality. Especially over the past several decades, the Times has usually embraced the Official Version of a disputed event and has deemed serious skepticism out of bounds.Former New York Times reporter Judith Miller, co-author of the Iraq  aluminum tube  story.That was the way the Times treated denials from the Iraqi government and some outside experts who disputed the  aluminum tube  story in 2002   and how the Times has brushed off disagreements regarding the U.S. government s portrayal of events in Syria, Ukraine and Russia. Increasingly, the Times has come across as a propaganda conduit for Official Washington rather than a professional journalistic entity.But the Times and other mainstream news outlets   along with some favored Internet sites   now sit on a Google-financed entity called the First Draft Coalition, which presents itself as a kind of Ministry of Truth that will decide which stories are true and which are  fake. If the Times  editorial recommendations are followed, the disfavored stories and the sites publishing them would no longer be accessible through popular search engines and platforms, essentially blocking the public s access to them. [See Consortiumnews.com s  What to Do About  Fake News. ]The Times asserts that such censorship would be good for democracy   and it surely is true that hoaxes and baseless conspiracy theories are no help to democracy   but regulation of information in the manner that the Times suggests has more than a whiff of Orwellian totalitarianism to it.And the proposal is especially troubling coming from the Times, with its checkered recent record of disseminating dangerous disinformation.*** Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America s Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com).READ MORE MAINSTREAM MEDIA LIES AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Watch FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22356,Hillary Clinton’s ‘KKK’ Smear Against Trump was Democrat Strategy," William McGurn Wall Street JournalLet s get this straight. Calling Hillary Clinton a  bigot  has reporters asking every Republican in sight if Donald Trump has gone too far. But the Clinton campaign releases a video saying Mr. Trump is the candidate of the Ku Klux Klan, and it s all okey-dokey?Then again, Mr. Trump has already been likened to Hitler, Mussolini and Stalin. Small wonder there s a collective ho-hum when Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine says Mr. Trump is peddling  KKK values. This is what Democrats do. It didn t start with Mr. Trump, either. For years Democrats have portrayed the GOP as one giant hate group.Each presidential election, the drill goes like this: After Republicans nominate someone, he immediately finds himself having to prove he s not a hater   of African-Americans, of women, of gays, etc.This year Democrats added a twist. Mr. Trump, they claim, represents a break with all those decent and lovable Republicans such as Mitt Romney, John McCain and George W. Bush. Of course, this isn t what they were saying back when these men were running for president.  In 2000, for example, an NAACP ad recreated the gruesome murder of James Byrd to imply that then-Gov. Bush was sympathetic to lynching black men. Over footage of a chain being dragged by a pickup truck, Mr. Byrd s daughter says,  So when Gov. George W. Bush refused to support hate-crimes legislation, it was like my father was killed all over again.  When John McCain ran in 2008, Barack Obama warned that Republicans would scare people by saying,  You know, he doesn t look like all those other presidents on those dollar bills.  The McCain campaign fired back, accusing Mr. Obama of playing the race card from the  bottom of the deck.  Funny thing: All those reporters always hearing  dog whistles  from Republicans somehow didn t hear this one.  In 2012, when Mitt Romney went to the NAACP and told them face-to-face about his opposition to ObamaCare, the stories were all about how he was really just trolling for the racist vote. Vice President Joe Biden put it more explicitly, telling a largely African-American audience that if Mr. Romney were to win, he d  put ya ll back in chains. The only difference today is that Republicans now have a nominee giving as good as he gets Continue article at The Wall Street JournalREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22357,The Great Con: Has Political Correctness Marginalized the Working Class?," Charles Hugh Smith Of Two MindsSo when the protected class of well-paid institutional  progressives  speak darkly of  reversing 40 years of social progress,  what they re really saying is we re terrified that the bottom 95% might be waking up to our Great Con of identity politics and political correctness.To understand the Great Con of political correctness, we must first grasp the decline of the working class (self-described as  the middle class ), i.e. those who must sell their labor to earn their livelihood.Labor s share of the national economy has been declining for 46 years:So where has the wealth that s been generated ended up? In the hands of the .1%:And where did the wages gains end up? In the top 5% technocrat/ managerial class:And what is the technocrat/ managerial class response to this staggering decline in wealth and wages suffered by the bottom 95%? Political correctness.Let s look at political correctness and identity politics through the lens of class warfare and class consciousness. Those enjoying enormous gains in wealth and income have a problem: they must fragment and distract the bottom 95% who have lost income and wealth to the top 5%, lest the bottom 95% realize:1. We have lost the undeclared economic war2. We have more in common economically with others in the bottom 95% than we do with our neofeudal technocrat/ managerial overlords.This unifying class consciousness would threaten the wealth, power and perquisites of the neofeudal technocrat/ managerial class, so they had to undermine an economic awareness of class.They found the perfect weapon in identity politics and political correctness. What better way to fragment the working class than to carve it into cultural subclasses that could be manipulated into declaring war on each other?What better way to mask the collapse of working class political agency than to distract the bottom 95% with fake-Progressive double-speak about  empowerment,   safe spaces  and  micro-aggression ?The heart of the Great Con of identity politics and political correctness is a tragic irony: the more wealth, income and power that slip through the fingers of the bottom 95%, the more their overlords rely on social  empowerment, as if a  safe space  on campus is a substitute for real political and economic agency.That s the Great Con of political correctness: using worthless speech acts about empowerment to distract the working class from its disempowerment in the real world. No amount of  safe space  and happy talk about empowerment can replace meaningful opportunities for economic security and advancement precisely what is abundant for the protected technocrat/ managerial class and scarce for the unprotected 95% that s been sold down the river.The propaganda beauty of class-consciousness-destroying political correctness is its deceptive claim of  progressive. If you set out to design the perfect tool to enforced neofeudalism (the political and economic dominance of the protected few at the expense of the exploited many), you d choose an Orwellian fake-Progressive agenda of cultural fragmentation and conflict that undermines any class consciousness of shared economic disempowerment.This is why the protected technocrat/ managerial class is freaking out about Trump s victory: the inchoate sense that the few have profited at the expense of the many is an expression of an emergent class consciousness that has the potential to threaten the neofeudal dominance of the New Nobility and its self-serving technocrat/ managerial class.So when the protected class of well-paid institutional  progressives  speak darkly of  reversing 40 years of social progress,  what they re really saying is we re terrified that the bottom 95% might be waking up to our Great Con of identity politics and political correctness.Check out Charles Hugh Smith s new book is #8 on Kindle short reads under politics and social science: Why Our Status Quo Failed and Is Beyond Reform ($3.95 Kindle ebook, $8.95 print edition) For more, please visit the book s website.READ MORE PC NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire PC Files",0
22358,"Henningsen on Trump’s Foreign Policy: Russia, Syria, Iran and Cabinet Neocons"," 21st Century Wire says While the US media continue to scrutinize President-Elect Donald Trump s transition team over its numerous Cabinet recommendations and nominations, powerful factions within American politics are vying for a seat at the table in a new Trump Administration   and with that comes the power to nudge and influence policy objectives. Trump s Cabinet picks will be a mine field for pursuing previous statements in favor of  a  common sense  foreign policy. Will neoconservative relics and war hawks from the Bush-Cheney era like John Bolton or Rudy Giuliani secure a place in the new Cabinet, and what about the NeoHawks like Sen. Tom Cotton? What would this mean for Syria s Assad and for bilateral relations with Russia, China and Iran? 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen speaks to Sputnik Radio International this past weekend with his analysis of where thing might be heading Sputnik Radio:  Syrian President Bashar al Assad said he would welcome Donald Trump s decision to fight terrorism. In an interview with a Portuguese TV channel the Syrian head said Damascus cannot predict the policy of the 45th president of the US, but would ally with Washington, if the 70-year-old Republican decides to fight against terrorist groups such as the Islamic State and the Jabhat Fateh al-Sham formerly known as Al Nusra front. During his election campaign Donald Trump said that the Barack Obama administration should give up the idea of regime change in Syria and instead seek the diplomatic solution of the 5-year-old conflict. The US has been conducting airstrikes against ISIS since 2014, however without permission of Damascus. Radio Sputnik discussed the issue with Partick Henningsen, founder of the news website 21stCentury Wire.com. Listen to Patrick s Analysis Here:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/293488804  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /] READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22359,SUNDAY SCREENING: ‘In Debt We Trust’ (2007),"21st Century Wire says..With Christmas season right around the corner, millions retail consumers in North America and Western Europe will be taking on thousands of dollars in new credit card debt. Few have paused to ponder how it all started, and where the real breaking point lies  for both personal and social stability. If you think that your credit has taken over your life then you need to watch this film.This week s documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE Debt is like a disease that can enable us from living a happy and normal life by taking control over our lives. Most of us don t even know how we end up in the situation we are in. Buying every thing we own with credit has become our culture. But don t let debt control your life any more. You can take over your life again. Imagine life with out debt Watch: SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENING HERESUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22360,Robert Parry: What to Do About ‘Fake News’," Robert Parry Consortium NewsIn the wake of Donald Trump s victory, a hot new issue   raised by President Obama in an international setting on Thursday and touted on The New York Times  front page on Friday   is the problem of  fake news  being disseminated on the Internet.Major Internet companies, such as Google and Facebook, are being urged to censor such articles and to punish alleged violators. Also, teams of supposedly  responsible  news providers and technology giants are being assembled to police this alleged problem and decide what is true and what is not.But therein lies the more serious problem: who gets to decide what is real and what is not real? And   in an age when all sides propagate propaganda   when does conformity in support of a mainstream  truth  become censorship of reasonable skepticism?As a journalist for more than four decades, I take seriously the profession s responsibility to verify information as much as possible before publishing it   and as editor of Consortiumnews.com, I insist that our writers (and to the extent possible, outside commenters) back up what they say.I personally hate  conspiracy theories  in which people speculate about a topic without real evidence and often in defiance of actual evidence. I believe in traditional journalistic standards of cross-checking data and applying common sense.So, I am surely no fan of Internet hoaxes and baseless accusations. Yet, I also recognize that mainstream U.S. news outlets have made horrendous and wholesale factual errors, too, such as reporting in 2002-03 that Iraq had reconstituted its nuclear weapons program (The New York Times) and was hiding stockpiles of WMD (many TV and print outlets, including The Washington Post).And, mainstream outlets getting such life-and-death stories wrong was not just a one-off affair around the Iraq invasion. At least since the 1980s, The New York Times has misreported or glossed over many international issues that put the United States and its allies in a negative light.For instance, the Times not only missed the Nicaraguan Contra cocaine scandal, but actively covered up the Reagan administration s role in the wrongdoing through the 1980s and much of the 1990s.The Times lagged badly, too, on investigating the secret operations that became known as the Iran-Contra Affair. The Times  gullibility in the face of official denials was an obstacle for those of us digging into that constitutional crisis and other abuses by the Reagan administration. [For more on this topic, see Consortiumnews.com s  New York Times: Apologist for Power. ]In that same era, The Washington Post performed no better. Leonard Downie, its executive editor at the time of the Contra-cocaine scandal, has continued to reject the reality of Ronald Reagan s beloved Contras trafficking in cocaine despite the 1998 findings of CIA Inspector General Frederick Hitz that, in fact, many Contras were neck-deep in the cocaine trade and the Reagan administration covered up their criminality for geopolitical reasons.More recently, during the mad dash to invade Iraq in 2002-03, the Post s editorial-page editor Fred Hiatt wrote repeatedly as flat fact that Iraq was hiding WMD and mocked the few dissenting voices that challenged the  group think. Yet, Hiatt suffered no accountability for his falsehoods and is still the Post s editorial-page editor, still peddling dubious examples of Washington s conventional wisdom. Ministry of TruthSo, who are the  responsible  journalists who should be anointed to regulate what the world s public gets to see and hear? For that Orwellian task, a kind of Ministry of Truth has been set up by Google, called the First Draft Coalition, which touts itself as a collection of 30 major news and technology companies, including the Times and Post, tackling  fake news  and creating a platform to decide which stories are questionable and which ones aren t.Formed in June 2015 and funded by Google News Lab, the First Draft Coalition s founding members included Bellingcat, an online  citizen journalism  site that has gotten many of its highest profile stories wrong and is now associated with NATO s favorite think tank, the Atlantic Council.Despite Bellingcat s checkered record and its conflicts of interest through the Atlantic Council, major Western news outlets, including the Times and Post, have embraced Bellingcat, apparently because its articles always seem to mesh neatly with U.S. and European propaganda on Syria and Ukraine.Two of Bellingcat s (or its founder Eliot Higgins s) biggest errors were misplacing the firing location of the suspected Syrian rocket carrying sarin gas on Aug. 21, 2013, and directing an Australian news crew to the wrong site for the so-called getaway BUK [missile] video after the July 17, 2014 shoot-down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17.( )  Power and RealityWhile it s undeniable that some false or dubious stories get pushed during the heat of a political campaign and in wartime   and journalists have a role in fact-checking as best they can   there is potentially a greater danger when media insiders arrogate to themselves the power to dismiss contrary evidence as unacceptable, especially given their own history of publishing stories that turned out to be dubious if not entirely false.It s even more dangerous when these self-appointed arbiters of truth combine forces with powerful Internet search engines and social media companies to essentially silence dissenting opinions and contrary facts by making them very difficult for the public to locate.( )  On Thursday, an impassioned President Obama voiced his annoyance with  fake news  twice in his joint news conference in Berlin with German Chancellor Angela Merkel    because in an age where there s so much active misinformation and it s packaged very well and it looks the same when you see it on a Facebook page or you turn on your television.   If everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are made, then we won t know what to protect. Let that phrase sink in for a moment:  We won t know what to protect ? Is President Obama suggesting that it is the U.S. government s role to  protect  certain information and, by implication, leave contrary information  unprotected,  i.e. open to censorship? Continue this story at Consortium News SEE ALSO: Establishment Using  Fake News  Faux Crisis to Target Alternative MediaSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22361,"CNN in a Panic Over Assad Success, Collapse of ‘White Helmets’ Narrative, Fumbling Over ‘Humanitarian Organizations’","By Brandon TurbevilleCNN is in full panic mode with the recent resumption of the Syrian government assault on terrorist-held East Aleppo. The discredited  news  agency is now reduced to rehashing tired and disproven propaganda against the Syrian government and claims that  Assad is killing his own people  by bombing head-chopping terrorists in East Aleppo.You have to hand it to CNN for consistency at least. Cutting edge propaganda, however, is not the corporation s strong suit, since every time it has tried to deliver a major blow, it has resulted in an epic fail  RECYCLED IMAGE: Yesterday, CNN used this recycled, staged image to sell its story, allegedly from a hospital in Aleppo used across US media last month.[Watch CNN reporter Will Ripley s propaganda video here, complete with staged imagery from the US, NATO Member-funded White Helmets and Aleppo Media Centre regime change NGOs]This time, the propaganda of choice is the same tired line that every bomb (excuse me, every  barrel bomb ) being dropped on East Aleppo has been dropped intentionally on top of civilians for the purpose of killing them all because . . . . well, that part has never been explained. But, for the average CNN reader, just know that Assad is a  bad guy  and that the  rebels  who demand veiled, silent, women and full adherence to Sharia law under pain of death are  good guys  and democracy-loving freedom fighters. The regime s siege of rebel-held neighborhoods has triggered a humanitarian catastrophe as food, water and medical supplies run low,  says CNN.Obviously, the humanitarian conditions in East Aleppo have nothing to do with savages and pre-historic bearded freaks running rampant and demanding that their ridiculous interpretation (or should I say  Saudi  interpretation) of their religion be enforced by the blade of a dull knife. It couldn t be because the terrorists have prevented aid from reaching civilians and have actively prevented civilians from leaving East Aleppo to flee to the (*gasp!!) government-held areas. It couldn t be because of the Western sanctions on Syria. It couldn t be because the United States and its treacherous allies funded a proxy army of extremists to destroy the country.No, it s because the Syrian military dared bomb foreign terrorists in East Aleppo. CNN uses interesting logic, indeed.SEE ALSO: RESCUE REDUX: Are Syria s White Helmets  Recycling  its Child Victims?The article laughably uses the notorious terrorist support group known as the White Helmets as its source relaying all the  horrors  of the Assad  regime.  This has been typical of the corporate press in the West ever since the beginning of the Syrian crisis, i.e. using terrorist organizations to cite claims against the Syrian government. Generally speaking, these terrorists are labeled  activists  when a quote is needed but, in the case of the White Helmets, the label of  humanitarian organization  is tossed around, a much more effective propaganda technique.But what is even more deceitful is that CNN also labels the White Helmets and the Syria Civil Defense as the same organization, an absolute fallacy as Vanessa Beeley, the individual who is probably most responsible for exposing this propagandistic terrorist organization, can personally attest to, having met with members of the real Syria Civil Defense in Syria and hearing their stories about the terrorism of the White Helmets. Beeley has also interviewed a doctor with the Aleppo Medical Association who was responsible for assessing East Aleppo refugees who stated clearly that, despite being widely popular in the U.S., the people in East Aleppo simply don t know who the White Helmets are. For them, White Helmets are just another terrorist group.None of this matters to CNN, however, since the corporation is nothing but a mouthpiece for the U.S. State Department, Wall Street, and international corporations. It is, in fact, nothing more than a propaganda site.Perhaps CNN was one of the  fake news  sites that Obama was whining about during his latest trip to Germany . . . .Brandon Turbeville   article archive here   is the author of seven books, Codex Alimentarius   The End of Health Freedom, 7 Real Conspiracies, Five Sense Solutions and Dispatches From a Dissident, volume 1 andvolume 2, The Road to Damascus: The Anglo-American Assault on Syria, and The Difference it Makes: 36 Reasons Why Hillary Clinton Should Never Be President. His website is BrandonTurbeville.com He is available for radio and TV interviews. Please contact activistpost (at) gmail.com.This article may be freely shared in part or in full with author attribution and source link.READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22362,Good Riddance: James Clapper Resigns as Director of US Intelligence,"21st Century Wire says Like CIA Director John Brennan, a large part of the job of James Clapper, National Intelligence Director,  was to lie to the American people and to continually exaggerate certain threats,  while trying to conceal real problems   most of which are created by US federal agencies. Like the CIA, this post has become a political one, and a government propaganda mouth piece for the deep state and all its domestic clandestine designs.When asked in 2013 by Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR),  Does the NSA collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans?    Clapper s reponse was,  No sir. This was a flat out lie, under oath (which seemed to be the norm for all testimonies under 8 years of Obama).Chief among James Clapper s propaganda campaigns directed at the American people   was the greatest politically motivated phony talking point to date: that Russia and its president Vladimir Putin were somehow  hacking  US Elections, while offering no evidence whatsoever to back up this alleged claim by the  intelligence community,  that irresponsible talking point was spun far  out of control and probably set back US-Russian relations years. Clapper claimed that leaked emails posted on WikiLeaks, DCLeaks.com and Guccifer 2.0, were  identified as being associated with Russian intelligence    even though most of the sober world has come to realize this grand conspiracy theory more than likely originated within the White House and the DNC itself.  In a just world, this howler would be a black mark against the credibility of Clapper for the rest of his paid speaking and lucrative conference junket career, but alas, it s not a just world   Clapper will continue to cash in regardless. Maybe that was the intention.There are a number of other things that Clapper said, and did, during his tenure, too many to mention here. More from Adam Garrie  Adam Garrie The DuranIn a first major resignation since Donald Trump s electoral victory, the US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper quit his post.US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has just announced his resignation. This was the man who presided over the US government spying on its citizens and those throughout the world. This scandal was one whose existence Clapper denied, in spite of plain and clear evidence to the contrary.Edward Snowed had exposed numerous constitutional violations during Clapper s reign. This man s exit from the Bush-created position of Director of National Intelligence should be welcomed by everyone who opposes the surveillance state.It has been under Clapper that the government has been cut free of any checks and balances on its use of technology to violate the privacy of ordinary individuals, yet individuals of extraordinary conscience who blow the whistle on the illegal covert activities of government are prosecuted, victimized, and threatened with execution. I m referring specifically to Bradley Manning, Julian Assange and Edward Snowden.Clapper said that he is happy to resign. I personally share in this happiness as will many others. The timing of his resignation, which will be effective in 64 days, is a clear indication that he does not see eye to eye with his incoming boss, Donald Trump.If Clapper is replaced by someone guided by conscience rather than someone who uses George Orwell s 1984 as a handbook rather than a warning, it could well pave the way for the pardon of Manning, Assange and Snowden.One can only hope that Donald Trump does the right thing.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22363,FLASHBACK: Chilling ’60 Minutes’ Interview with George Soros Nearly 20 Years Ago,"21st Century Wire says George Soros has been described as a philanthropist, yet many of the social movement projects funded by his Open Society Foundation, have led to violent civil unrest and societal instability in the form of color revolutions.In the video below we see a rare glimpse of the contoversial hedge fund mogul, the man dubbed The Man Who Broke the Bank of England,  who openly admits to engaging in  amoral activities  in a 1998 interview with Steve Kroft on 60 minutes.Kroft presses the magnate about his dark past tied to the Nazi-era, as well as his profitable career as an investor/speculator and his escape from Securities and Exchange regulation.Witness the stark and chilling acknowledgement from Soros, as he calculatingly states the following: I don t feel guilty because I m engaged in an amoral activity which is not meant to have anything to do with guilt. READ MORE ON SOCIAL ENGINEERING: 21st Century Wire Social Engineering Files",0
22364,Dyer: ‘LA Times ‘Fake News’ Article is an Attack on Independent Media’,"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireAccording to a recent feature article published by the LA Times, and which has since gone viral, this website, 21st Century Wire, has been placed at the top of a  list  of  fake  news sites compiled by Dr Melissa Zimdars, an associate professor at Merrimack College in Massachusetts. Aside from being a highly political attempt to discredit a number of online news source which Dr Zimdars and the Democratic Party establishment probably labels as  Alt Right,  this coordinated effort also points directly to a much deeper agenda, as part of a larger as psychological operation to create an algorithm for  filtering  (censoring) news items on major internet platforms and social networks.I take that to heart, since I write for 21WIRE. It s no coincidence that this LA Times hit piece comes in the same week that Democratic Party pundits and leaders are blaming Hillary Clinton s loss to Donald Trump on  fake news  posted on Facebook which they claim wrongly influenced voters. Also just by coincidence this week, Facebook, Google and other DNC affiliated Silicon Valley media partners have announced they are planning to draw-up lists of numerous alternative media websites including  right wing  websites as well as known satire sites, and ours  as  fake.  Google and Facebook will then be able to flag and restrict banned websites from being able to earn revenue through their advertising networks. Of course, the real reason for this is explained in my video (watch below) outlining the absurdity of the most astounding liars on the planet   the Mainstream Media  accusing websites like ours as pushing out fake news.  Ultimately, this is an attack on all independent media.It seems that Dr Zimdar s master list  was made to place 21WIRE at the top   and yet, it s perhaps the best site on the list and is the only one that has  been to Syria,  reported on the ground in Aleppo, and even met with Syria  president Assad   all things that most corporate mainstream media outlets have not managed to do. 21WIRE also blasted faux NGO the White Helmets away as a western-funded propaganda front. 21WIRE is subject to regular DDoS attacks and regularly does real journalism. It is also edited by accredited journalists and is frequently featured on radio and television. That is why it has been targeted in this hit piece   because it is independent and not attached to any political party.Watch my video analysis here: ***Jay Dyer is the author of the new book, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day Publishers.  Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast, Esoteric Hollywood, investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22365,"E.T. Williams: ‘Anti Trump Protesters, Your Revolution is Fake’","21st Century Wire says As  anti-Trump  protests continue at college campuses across America, many are still trying to make sense of what exactly the students are protesting for, beyond venting their frustration about the results of another democratic election in America. Doctor of Common Sense E.T. Williams disagrees,  The anti-Trump protesters are no damn revolutionaries, they are lawless idiots.  Watch: ",0
22366,SHIFTING PARADIGM: You’ll Only Understand Trump and Brexit If You Understand the Failure of Globalization,"21st Century Wire says It s hard to not to draw a comparison between the Brexit referendum and the stunning surprise victory of Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election in America. Many now argue that both were a repudiation on globalization.Indeed, anxiety over the global economy as a whole contributed to 2016 s historic rejection of the status quo: big trade, big banks and Wall Street.Yesterday in his overseas speech, even President Obama acknowleged that the globalized policies of the world have absolutely contributed to a political upheaval that has given rise to Brexit vote and a Trump presidency: The current path of globalization demands a course correction,  adding Any legislation that is proven flawed can be corrected through the process of democracy. Earlier this year, conservative leaning Washington Times discusssed the nature of falied policy that has led to such sluggish growth in the US over the past 7-8 years: The previously bullish Fed finally and openly acknowledged that sluggish growth is the long term new normal for America. Secular stagnation is here to stay. The growth rate has limped out of the 2008-09 recession at a 2 percent pace now for seven years. The Joint Economic Committee of Congress tells us a normal recovery gives us about 3.5 percent growth and the Reagan and JFK booms were closer to 4 percent. So the GDP today thanks to President Obama is about $2 to $3 trillion smaller than it should be. This is roughly the equivalent of losing the entire annual output of every business and worker in Michigan, Ohio and Indiana combined.Instead of speeding up to recover all this lost ground, we re decelerating. Growth was 1.4 percent in the 4th quarter of 2015. It was 0.8 percent in the first quarter of this year. The Fed now has downgraded growth now to less than 2 percent for the rest of 2016   down from an original forecast of 2.4 percent. One day after the US election, The Intercept s Glenn Greenwald (of Snowden fame) captured the frustartion that led to the Brexit vote and Trump s win. Here s a short passage from his piece: The institutions and elite factions that have spent years mocking, maligning, and pillaging large portions of the population  all while compiling their own long record of failure and corruption and destruction  are now shocked that their dictates and decrees go unheeded. But human beings are not going to follow and obey the exact people they most blame for their suffering. They re going to do exactly the opposite: purposely defy them and try to impose punishment in retaliation. Only time will tell what the future holds for Brexit or Trump   but for the moment, the voice of the everyday man has been heard loud and clear.More from Washington s Blog below  (Image Source: Onmanorama). Washington s BlogTrumpTrump made rejection of globalization a centerpiece of his campaign. In his July 21st acceptance speech as the Republican nominee, he said:Americanism, not globalism, will be our credo.The Boston Globe bannered this headline on Thursday:   Trump won. Globalization lost. Now what? On election night, CNN s Jake Tapper explained that many Americans voted for Trump because they are sick of the income inequality, globalization, and politics-as-usual that the status quo have given us. He pointed out that only a handful of people have gotten rich off of globalization, and a lot of people have been left behind.Counterpunch wrote Friday:The real meaning of this upset is that Wall Street s globalization project has been rejected by the citizens of its homeland.***Trump voters had several reasons to vote for Trump other than  racism .  Most of all, they want their jobs back, jobs that have vanished thanks to the neoliberal policy of transferring manufacturing jobs to places with low wages.BrexitSimilarly, Brexit was largely a vote against globalization.For example, the Guardian ran an article in June explaining,  Brexit is a rejection of globalisation :Britain s rejection of the EU. This was more than a protest against the career opportunities that never knock and the affordable homes that never get built. It was a protest against the economic model that has been in place for the past three decades.***Europe has failed to fulfil the historic role allocated to it. Jobs, living standards and welfare states were all better protected in the heyday of nation states in the 1950s and 1960s than they have been in the age of globalisation. Unemployment across the eurozone is more than 10%. Italy s economy is barely any bigger now than it was when the euro was created. Greece s economy has shrunk by almost a third.***Inevitably, there has been a backlash, manifested in the rise of populist parties on the left and right. An increasing number of voters believe there is not much on offer from the current system. They think globalisation has benefited a small privileged elite, but not them. They think it is unfair that they should pay the price for bankers  failings. They hanker after a return to the security that the nation state provided, even if that means curbs on the core freedoms that underpin globalisation, including the free movement of people.***Torsten Bell, the director of the Resolution Foundation thinktank, analysed the voting patterns in the referendum and found that those parts of Britain with the strongest support for Brexit were those that had been poor for a long time. The result was affected by  deeply entrenched national geographical inequality , he said.There has been much lazy thinking in the past quarter of a century about globalisation. As Bell notes, it is time to rethink the assumption that a  flexible globalised economy can generate prosperity that is widely shared. But What Do the Experts Say?Mainstream economists, organizations and politicians   including the World Bank, International Monetary Fund (and see this), McKinsey & Company and Obama  now admit that globalization creates inequality. People worldwide are furious at runaway inequality   and it s affecting elections globally.The Bank of International Settlements   the  Central Banks  Central Bank   says that financial globalization itself makes booms and busts far more frequent and destabilizing than they otherwise would be.The Economist pointed out in July:Most economists have been blindsided by the backlash [against globalization]. A few saw it coming. It is worth studying their reasoning  .David Autor, David Dorn and Gordon Hanson have documented how the costs of America s growing trade with China has fallen disproportionately on certain cities. And so on.Branko Milanovic of the City University of New York believes such costs perpetuate a cycle of globalisation. He argues that periods of global integration and technological progress generate rising inequality  .Supporters of economic integration underestimated the risks both that big slices of society would feel left behind  .The New York Times reported in March:Were the experts wrong about the benefits of trade for the American economy?***Voters  anger and frustration, driven in part by relentless globalization and technological change [has made Trump and Sanders popular, and] is already having a big impact on America s future, shaking a once-solid consensus that freer trade is, necessarily, a good thing. The economic populism of the presidential campaign has forced the recognition that expanded trade is a double-edged sword, wrote Jared Bernstein, former economic adviser to Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.What seems most striking is that the angry working class   dismissed so often as myopic, unable to understand the economic trade-offs presented by trade   appears to have understood what the experts are only belatedly finding to be true: The benefits from trade to the American economy may not always justify its costs.In a recent study, three economists   David Autor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, David Dorn at the University of Zurich and Gordon Hanson at the University of California, San Diego   raised a profound challenge to all of us brought up to believe that economies quickly recover from trade shocks. In theory, a developed industrial country like the United States adjusts to import competition by moving workers into more advanced industries that can successfully compete in global markets.They examined the experience of American workers after China erupted onto world markets some two decades ago. The presumed adjustment, they concluded, never happened. Or at least hasn t happened yet. Wages remain low and unemployment high in the most affected local job markets. Nationally, there is no sign of offsetting job gains elsewhere in the economy. What s more, they found that sagging wages in local labor markets exposed to Chinese competition reduced earnings by $213 per adult per year.In another study they wrote with Daron Acemoglu and Brendan Price from M.I.T., they estimated that rising Chinese imports from 1999 to 2011 cost up to 2.4 million American jobs. These results should cause us to rethink the short- and medium-run gains from trade,  they argued.  Having failed to anticipate how significant the dislocations from trade might be, it is incumbent on the literature to more convincingly estimate the gains from trade, such that the case for free trade is not based on the sway of theory alone, but on a foundation of evidence that illuminates who gains, who loses, by how much, and under what conditions. Continue reading Washington s Blog here READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22367,"ANARCHY BY DESIGN: ‘Anti-Trump’ Flash Mobs, Hollywood and The Wall Street War Chest","Shawn Helton  21st Century WireIt s a novel scene, even for America: President Elect Donald Trump is facing an unprecedented wave of organized opposition prior to moving into the White House. While the Democratic Party are hoping to leverage these street action into votes in 2017 and 2018, the real strategy here seems to be about forging deeper narratives and creating a collective feeling of  disenfranchisement among liberal millennial. It may appear like a grassroots uprising, but upon closer inspection, there big money and big players behind it all.Within 24 hours of the dramatic conclusion to 2016 presidential election on November 8th, highly organized flash mobs directed in part by the Democratic Party s leading  community organizing  digital platform, MoveOn.org (funded by Wall Street billionaire and top Clinton donor George Soros) spread rapidly throughout several cities across America including Oakland, Los Angeles, New York and Portland. While vitriolic anti-Trump dissent consumed some urban parts of the country, mainstream media outlets, as well as a column of Hollywood celebrities and entertainers added to the disillusionment as they took to the airwaves and social media to express their shock and emotional fears that a Trump presidency would be  the end of the world,  for some anyway.Readers would not be amiss in questioning the true nature of the heavily coordinated color revolution-style MoveOn marches across America, as they reveal a much deeper social engineering agenda at play   one that enlists a likely coalition comprised of corporate media outlets, Silicon Valley, along with Hollywood  together peddling a highly reactionary, if not incendiary political message.Make no mistake: this is a well-financed and concerted attempt to further divide America   along new cultural lines of identity   a division which will eventually benefit the same elite establishment which both the popular left and the popular right believe they are currently railing against.Let s review the impetus behind the anti-Trump protests, before discussing the unusual nature of an outright rejection of the democratic process by organized oprotesters   quietly nudged by Hollywood and media operatives MOVE ON: A Manufactured March On America For nearly a week, street protests have been promoted by the same mainstream news networks that had predicted a Hillary Clinton landslide only eight days ago.Networks like CNN, MSNBC, the New York Times and the Washington Post are still reluctant to report how within hours of the election result, the Soros-tied NGO MoveOn.org issued a press release calling for nationwide protests. This was followed by petitions to  Abolish the Electoral College. In my first report discussing this potentially explosive situation unfolding across America, it was shown how MoveOn members had created more than 200 gatherings nationwide, with the number continuing to grow   What this demonstrates more than anything is how the amalgamation of virtual community-based flash mobs and professional political agitators have been fostered by various Democratic party NGO s since the early 2000 s   not only through MoveOn.org, but also through Democratic Party affiliated foundations like Answer Coalition.In addition to Soros s billions being poured into a near endless web of political front organization and  change agent  NGOs, other Wall Street financial institutions have backed their favorites, like Goldman Sachs and others, sponsoring the Hillary Clinton campaign and maintaining strong stakes the Clinton Foundation as well as ties to Clinton family in general. In 2015, the Washington Post reported that  Hillary Rodham Clinton and former president Bill Clinton earned in excess of $25 million for delivering 104 speeches since the beginning of 2014, a huge infusion to their net worth as she was readying for a presidential bid. Here we see an example of the financial nexus formed between powerful players like Soros, Wall Street s Goldman Sachs   and America s  progressive  leftwing political establishment. Clearly, there is a high level agenda at work here, and you only need to follow the money to see who are the chief beneficiaries.SEE ALSO: PARTNERS IN CRIME: Goldman Sachs, The Clintons & Wall StreetSome of the most notable uprisings in America include the designer social justice campaigns   all of whom have George Soros money behind them through a vast network of foundations and social front groups   like The Occupy Movement  (aka OWS) in 2011, as well as Soros funded protests in Ferguson, Missouri in 2014, and the Black Lives Matter (BLM) street action group this past year. Each of these have a common thread   they have all  evolved into some form of violent social unrest often steered by paid provocateurs. Media outlets generally do not like to cover this side of the events because it simply doesn t fit the favored  Left vs Right  narrative the media loves so much. Hence, most members of the public   especially the protesters themselves   have little or no idea what is driving street violence and the  crisis  narrative.One wonders whether Soros an ideologue, or a business speculator? Maybe both. Soros boast about  taking down  foreign nations and capitalizing on subsequent market tremors, but his conquests are certainly not limited to overseas targets.Media ManipulationIn 2011, the same year as the OWS protests, it was reported that National Public Radio (NPR) accepted a $1.8 million dollar grant from the George Soros founded The Open Society Institute rebranded as the Open Society Foundations (OSF). The NGO managed to gain even greater influence on NPR s reportage. Below is a passage describing the Soros funded Impact on Government project: NPR is using the two-year grant as seed money to start a local-national initiative, known as the Impact on Government project. Eventually, the plan is to have two public radio reporters in every state keeping tabs on state government issues that are woefully under-reported by the media. This is to be a multi-media project for radio, the Web and social media. Many critics of the collaboration charged that NPR joined the ranks of many other media outlets funded by Soros. According to the conservative watchdog, Media Research Center there has been an additional $48 million taken by media outlets from Soros tied NGO s since 2003: It turns out that Soros  influence doesn t just include connections to top mainstream news organizations such as NBC, ABC, The New York Times and Washington Post. It s bought him connections to the underpinnings of the news business. The Columbia Journalism Review, which bills itself as  a watchdog and a friend of the press in all its forms,  lists several investigative reporting projects funded by one of Soros foundations. In August of 2016, it was reported that  DCLeaks.com   which claims to be run by the same hackers who leaked a trove of e-mails from the Democratic National Committee (DNC)   has published a 69-page report from OSF in which the Soros organization documents its plans to use the  unrest  following the death of Freddie Gray to  accelerate the dismantling of structural inequality generated and maintained by local law enforcement,  and that George Soros s Open Society Foundations approved a $650,000 dollar donation to BLM: Recognizing the need for strategic assistance, the U.S. Programs Board approved $650,000 in Opportunities Fund support to invest in technical assistance and support for the groups at the core of the burgeoning #BlackLivesMatter movement. Additionally, here s a passage from the leaked OSF documents that discusses the social engineering used to influence policy change: The latest example of Black Lives Matter follows upon previous social movements that have taken very different paths, including the Dreamers and Occupy Wall Street, which call into question the role that philanthropy should play in supporting, encouraging, and/or building these social movements as they evolve to affect real policy change and sometimes though not always  transition into longer-term institutions. The end of result of the media manipulation and street actions driven by engineers like Soros is that misinformed members of the public will exact violence against innocent bystanders.Here s a YouTube video depicting 49-year-old David Wilcox being violently attacked by a mob (following a minor traffic accident in Chicago) after he was labeled a  White  Trump supporter https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7zEibNcejAHere s another video on YouTube featuring a Chicago Tribune interview with a bruised and battered Wilcox, days after a street mob attacked him WARNING: Adult language   please be advised: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cr_17ZCJLg8Back in August, a Wikileaks email dump revealed a message sent by George Soros to then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. In the email, Soros himself gave explicit instructions on how to handle the social unrest occurring in Albania in January of 2011. Here s a passage of the Soros message to Clinton. An important thing to remember   to date, Wikileaks findings have yet to be unproven: There are serious concerns about further unrest connected to a counter-demonstration to be organized by the governing party  and a follow-up event by the opposition two days later to memorialize the victims,  Soros says. The prospect of tens of thousands of people entering the streets in an already inflamed political environment bodes ill for the return of public order and the country s fragile democratic process,  he adds. I believe two things need to be done urgently,  he adds. 1. Bring the full weight of the international community to bear on Prime Minister Berisha and opposition leader Edi Rama to forestall further public demonstrations and to tone down public pronouncements.2. Appoint a senior European official as a mediator. Soros suggested three candidates: Carl Bildt, Martti Ahtisaari, and Miroslav Lajcak, saying all  have strong connections to the Balkans. The US and the EU must work in complete harmony over this, but given Albania s European aspirations the EU must take the lead,  he stressed, adding that his foundation in Tirana was  monitoring the situation closely and can provide independent analysis of the crisis. Democracy Alliance Plots RevengeThe Soros controlled NGO machine continued this week when it was revealed that the Soros funded Democracy Alliance was set to  retool  those groups being used to rattle president-elect Trump: George Soros and other rich liberals who spent tens of millions of dollars trying to elect Hillary Clinton are gathering in Washington for a three-day, closed door meeting to retool the big-money left to fight back against Donald Trump.The conference, which kicked off Sunday night at Washington s pricey Mandarin Oriental hotel, is sponsored by the influential Democracy Alliance donor club, and will include appearances by leaders of most leading unions and liberal groups, as well as darlings of the left such as House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chairman Keith Ellison, according to an agenda and other documents obtained by POLITICO.  In an interesting twist, FOX News revealed that a Craigslist ad (image, above) found to be connected to the anti-Trump protests may also be linked to a Planned Parenthood affiliate. The following is a passage from that report: The Craigslist ads read:  STOP TRUMP   up to $1500/week. Hiring immediately! Call Today Start tomorrow! $15-$18 hourly rate + bonus + overtime up to 77 hours per week!They were placed by a Planned Parenthood affiliate in major cities like Boston, Denver, Columbus, Philadelphia and Pittsburgh right before the election to defeat the candidacy of Donald Trump. However, most of them are still active on Craigslist, fueling questions about whether the group is now among those feeding the post-election anti-Trump protests across the country. Its no secret Planned Parenthood has taken a strong stance on Trump s views of their organization, making it likely they would attempt to thwart the president-elect.FOX News also mentioned that Planned Parenthood received  $553.7 million in tax dollars last year, [and] had pledged to spend $30 million to defeat Trump, according to Rolling Stone. There is a decidedly edgy public persona of Soros linked NGO s and their splinter protest groups such as BLM, yet the mainstream media is soft on many of the various group s objectives. In a NY Times article this was recently confirmed as  Cat Brooks, a co-founder of Anti Police-Terror Project, told a crowd in Oakland on Friday.  We need to be more than angry, we need to organize and funnel our anger into action. Polling America & the Celebrity  Crisis  Post-TrumpAs 21WIRE previously outlined, there where great webs spun by think-tanks and media with regards to the statistical outcome of the 2016 presidential election in America: One of the great myths being spun by the establishment media was that Donald Trump had no support from women, latinos and blacks in the US. As it turned out, this was a lie propagated in a failed attempt to margnalize Republican voters and give a false impression of a liberal Democratic mandate in America. In the end Trump gathered 29% of Latinos, 9% of African Americans and 49% of college educated white women. For months, mainstream media pundits and polls insisted that all of these demographics were exclusively for Hillary Clinton. Here s another look at the psychologist and internet radio personality Kiki Green, who passionately explains the symbiotic relationship between the Democratic Party, Hollywood and the Clinton campaign   all who worked in concert to dupe certain groups into voting for Hillary Clinton WARNING: Adult language please be advised:  To top it off, actor Robert DeNiro, who once played the politically obsessed character Travis Bickle in Taxi Driver, threatened to punch Donald Trump before the election, and is now said to be woefully  depressed  following the Real Estate mogul s historic win.Here s DeNiro s cheap attempt at swaying voters a month before the US election. Watch as the actor name drops Colin Powell to somehow delegitimize Trump. Powell of course was one of the neoconservative architects of the false WMD narrative that led to the Iraq invasion in 2003 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzhjpWbGM5sThe Hollywood hits against Trump haven t stopped there, over the past 24 hours, Dreamworks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg penned an  open letter  discussing the Trump victory. Katzenberg himself was a seven-figure donor ($1 million) to the Clinton friendly super PAC Priorities USA Action. Here s a passage of Katzenberg s piece published at the Hollywood Reporter: I have been involved in politics for more than 50 years, and this is certainly not the first time I ve been on the losing end. It always hurts. And this one maybe hurts more than the rest   partly because we didn t really lose. Our side got more popular votes, while Trump received fewer votes than Mitt Romney or John McCain. The Electoral College is how we choose presidents, and I (mostly) respect this. But I hope everyone, including Mr. Trump, recognizes that this was not an election that, by any stretch, resulted in a mandate. Interestingly, Katezenberg s emotive plea proved to be heavy-handed with the takeaway that Trump really didn t win, as he explains his candidate Clinton,  didn t really lose  the popular vote. While its true, the Clinton camp received a total of 62,522,062 to Trump s 61,300,582, some 1,221480 votes separate the pair across America   it should also be mentioned that Trump did far better in the all important swing-states, which statistically speaking, usually define most presidential elections.According to the Cook Political Report, which provides up-to-date 2016 election analysis, Trump s margin in swing-states was overwhelmingly in his favor with the president-elect garnering 22,055,535 to Clinton s 21,181,776 throughout 13 swing-state totals. The final swing-state tally gave Trump an 873,759 votes more. One other notable stat showed how Clinton gained her vote total (not mentioning the 14 cases of voter fraud reported), as it was hinged on one state, California. In fact, Clinton received 6,633,714 to Trump s 3,541,015 in the highly democratic state that holds a population of 39.35 million according to census reports.So, just as a caveat to Katzenberg s plea used to distort public opinion   without California, a massively left-leaning state, Clinton wouldn t be anywhere near Trump s numbers. Like Trump or not, he was a clear winner of 2016 and got votes where it counted the most.  PROGRAMMING PROTEST?    Soros linked groups are distorting the public s perception with their organized color revolution-style protests. (Image Source: the news at 9)Color Revolutions & Smart Mobs Whether in the flesh, social media or through mainstream TV, the populace is subject to various forms of hyperreal propaganda around the global   in many ways this is being used to push certain political regime changes and party objectives through the use of deceptive color revolutions and their many incarnations.In a recent article discussing how the Pentagon reportedly paid PR firm Bell Pottinger $540 million to produce fake terror videos used to steer Western political interests, we also explored the psychological aspect to social engineered color revolutions. Here s a passage from the 21WIRE report below: The scale of such US-sponsored social engineering projects are breathtaking. In June of 2014, in an article entitled,  Pentagon preparing for mass civil breakdown,  by Nafeez Ahmed, published at the UK s Guardian, we learned that:A new  research programme is funding universities to model the dynamics, risks and tipping points for large-scale civil unrest across the world, under the supervision of various US military agencies. The program was brought to fruition during the height of the banking crisis in 2008, as Ahmed points out, suggesting it was already in the works for some time   and time was of the essence.The social science study may have been as big or bigger then the Snowden documents on NSA bulk collection, where not only are Americans being tracked but their behavior is being categorized, labeled and scrutinized, prompting those who value civl rights and privacy to question the ethics and morals of such a US government program. The Guardian article also outlined the type of militarized language used to describe civil movements promoting political change, ironically they used the NGO/US State Department engineered uprising in Egypt as a model for one social science study: Among the projects awarded for the period 2014-2017 is a Cornell University-led study managed by the US Air Force Office of Scientific Research which aims to develop an empirical model  of the dynamics of social movement mobilisation and contagions.  The project will determine  the critical mass (tipping point)  of social contagians by studying their  digital traces  in the cases of  the 2011 Egyptian revolution, the 2011 Russian Duma elections, the 2012 Nigerian fuel subsidy crisis and the 2013 Gazi park protests in Turkey. Essentially, this is computer modelling of  color revolutions  over sees  an expensive digital tool in the Pentagon and the CIA s  regime change  operations. The blending of socially engineered political agitator mobs and color revolutions is becoming more and more imperceptible as any group-think meme can cause a sudden flash gathering for the cause of the day.In a book from 2011 written by Susanne Elizabeth Shawyer entitled  Radical Street Theatre and the Yippie Legacy: A Performance History of the Youth International Party, 1967 1968,  we gain a clearer perspective of the term  Smart Mobs   and the nature of these cross-platform gatherings: The potential for ideological uses of flash mobs soon became clear by autumn 2003. Because of its original apolitical nature and network organization, the flash mob was easily appropriated for other means beyond random fun. Flash mobs were soon used for political or commercial end by those seeking to capitalize on the trendy cultural capital of flash mobs. Adding to that, Shawyer cites author social science critic Howard Rheingold, who penned a book entitled  Smart Mobs: The Next Social Revolution  in 2003 and continued to outline the nature of smart mobs: A smart mob may be composed of strangers who have no relationship to each other beyond their mutual connection to the network, yet this connection creates a virtual community and provides the opportunity for collective action. Taking the smart mob phenomena and grafting it onto the recent anti-trump riots in Portland, Oregon, we can see how a large block of people can become useful provocateurs, paid or otherwise.  PORTLAND RIOT    Are NGO s stirring the masses in America? (Image Source: thewashingtonpost)According to the local Portland NBC affiliate KGW: More than half of the anti-Trump protesters arrested in Portland didn t vote in Oregon, according to state election records. At least sixty-nine demonstrators either didn t turn in a ballot or weren t registered to vote in the state.KGW compiled a list of the 112 people arrested by the Portland Police Bureau during recent protests. Those names and ages, provided by police, were then compared to state voter logs by Multnomah County Elections officials.Records show 34 of the protesters arrested didn t return a ballot for the November 8 election. Thirty-five of the demonstrators taken into custody weren t registered to vote in Oregon. Earlier this year, we discussed how political game changers had been targeting the Trump campaign, as the George Soros-funded Democrat Party-oriented advocacy group MoveOn.org and host of other splinter groups associated with Black Lives Matter, played a large role in the Chicago University student-organized shutdown at a Trump campaign rally.Since then, numerous protests and violent confrontations were organized, serving as a disruptive force during the US election cycle. Left-wing critics routinely cited Donald Trump as the reason for the all the high-profile confrontations, trying to rationalize how he is somehow attracting the flash mob   when in reality the flash mobs are being organized via a few foundation-funded  community organizing  portals like MoveOn.org.The Role of Hollywood & Media When you mix the Hollywood molotov commentary with that of the socially engineered flash mob, you have a designer reality that big media uses to polarize the public over certain political outcomes, giving them the ability to blame any other group not associated with the group-think entity.Media outlets have also played a role in perpetuating the mass victimization meme spread throughout America with headlines like  Anti-Trump demonstrators say nationwide protests are  just a taste of things to come ,   published at The Washington Post,  Bullying in the Age of Trump,  published by the NY Times,  Campuses Confront Hostile Acts Against Minorities After Donald Trump s Election,  also published at the NY Times  all stories designed to create an emotional reaction rather than a rational one.In fact, there s been a wave of false claims levied at Trump supporters as  sanctuary sites  are being rolled out on college campuses for those in need of Trump recovery and now, reportedly New York City high school reportedly allowed their students to skip class Tuesday to join protests at the Trump Tower despite objections from fellow educators, along with a lesson plan on Trump s behavior.Here are two YouTube clips depicting celebrity meltdowns over Trump s presidential win. Interestingly, the Hollywood  crisis  on display below is designed to manipulate young Americans taken in by the celebrity-generated drama   more likely an attempt to graft psychological trauma onto an unsuspecting viewer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjZoljZcVcwhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlBNQ5AEGUYThis definitely represents a low ebb in American culture, and in history too.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22368,‘Trumping’ America’s Liberal Elite: The Failure of Political Correctness,"Kirsten Powers USA TodayOver the past 18 months, whether in Midwestern airports or New Hampshire and Iowa hotels, I learned the best way to spot a Donald Trump supporter was to note who was remaining silent.As Marco Rubio or Ted Cruz or John Kasich voters enthusiastically shared their reasons for supporting their candidate, a family member or friend would often stand by quietly.When pressed, if they came clean, it was often with downcast eyes or an apologetic smile: I m voting for Trump,  they d almost whisper.A few months ago, an Uber driver told me he was voting third party, then tepidly announced he was voting Trump as I exited the car. Why didn t he just tell me this in the first place, I asked. Because I thought you would judge me,  he said.Here we can see why Donald Trump s constant inveighing against political correctness was so ingenious. It forged an unlikely but unshakable bond between a Manhattan billionaire who had manifestly lived a life of  New York values  with conservative white Americans who feel under constant assault by a cultural elite that treats them with contempt. Perhaps more importantly, it ultimately inoculated Trump against allegations that many believed would be his undoing: that he was a racist and misogynist who bragged of sexually assaulting women. Trump s success among women was in part a reaction against enforced political correctness (Image Source: Pulse.ng)After all, these same voters have watched as every Republican candidate in recent memory has been accused of waging a  War on Women. If Democrats are going to claim that Mitt Romney and John McCain hate women (and they did), then they shouldn t be surprised when voters ignore them when they say Donald Trump hates women. If every Republican is a misogynist, then no Republican is.While many liberals have dismissed the idea of political correctness as a right-wing manufactured hysteria, it is in fact a real thing. That Trump has stretched its meaning to encompass pretty much any horrible thing he wants to say makes its existence no less real.Conservative white Americans have watched (often fearfully) as liberal cultural elites demand that everyone fall in line with their agenda or risk being called a homophobe, racist or misogynist. The concept of persuasion and debate has been overridden by a quest for immediate and forced cultural conformity. My friend Sally Kohn, the liberal commentator, summed up the left wing view fairly honestly when she told me in a recent debate over free speech that,  If [conservatives on campus] feel like they can no longer speak against positive social change, good. This is a paradigm where honest disagreement about abortion makes one a woman-hater, holding orthodox religious views on marriage equates to gay-bashing, and refusing to cop to white privilege   even if you are a working class white person struggling economically   defines you as a racist.A recent Slate article explaining why a slight majority of white women voted for Trump asserted that these female Trump supporters were  self-loathing  racists who were doing the bidding of their husbands and fathers. This is the omnipresent lefty trope Republican women have lived with for a long time, yet people are actually shocked that they wouldn t throw their support behind a party that too often casts them as gender-traitors.It s not hard to see how accusations against Trump as a racist and misogynist would be met with eye rolls and knowing murmurs of political correctness  by people who have had their worldview constantly caricatured and demonized by the cultural elites in academia, media and politics Continue this story at USA TodayREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22369,Philosopher Slavoj Žižek: ‘The American Left Lacks Authenticity’,"21st Century Wire says While America s political left continue to march and occupy college campus spaces around the country, there is little if any serious challenging instrospective analysis or challenging debates as to why liberal Democrats and their mainstream media surrogate outlets continued to inflate their own reality bubble throughout the election cycle. Since the US presidential election, pundits have been struggling to explain Donald Trump s shock win. Prominent Slovenian philosopher Slavoj  i ek believes the result exposes the failure of American political elites.  Watch: ",0
22370,"REALIST PERSPECTIVE: President Trump, How & Why…","21st Century Wire says Yes, it s true that a string of epic failures on the part of Democrats and the Hillary Clinton campaign contributed to Donald Trump s success in the US Presidential Election, but the real explanation for last week s surprise result goes much deeper than any mainstream media commentator or academic  expert  would dare admit.Britain s premeire realist pundit Jonathan Pie, who previously wanted Hillary to win, lays down a stunning case as to who handed the White House to Donald Trump, and why  and half of America may not like what he has to say. Watch: ",0
22371,Boiler Room EP #84 – The Discredited Media Strikes Back,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer, Andy Nowicki and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East for the 84th episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in a post-election special broadcast of Boiler Room with the crew. This week we re going examining the media backlash from the #DiscreditedMedia (RIP Mainstream Media) that opposed a Trump Presidency, announcing the release of Jay Dyer s first book and much more.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Listen to  Boiler Room #84   The Discredited Media Strikes Back  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22372,Five Things To Look Out For With Trump’s Pentagon,"21st Century Wire says Although he had some great ideas on the campaign trail, still expect the war hawks and Israeli Lobby instruments like John Bolton, Tom Cotton, and Rudy Giuliani to gradually nudge the new President and his administration, in a concerted attempt to try and reshape Trump s relatively common sense campaign foreign policy directives  Kristina Wong and Rebecca Kheel The HillDonald Trump s election was as much a surprise to the defense world as it was to much of the nation. Here are five key things the Pentagon can expect from Trump. 1. Rising spendingTrump has called for a much bigger military and some experts think he could increase defense spending by 20 percent, from $583 billion in 2017 to nearly $700 billion.While that may sound like a lot, it is in line with what the Obama administration projected for 2012 before the Pentagon was hit with sequestration   mandatory budget caps imposed by the 2011 Budget Control Act.Trump has called for increasing the size of the active duty Army from 475,000 to 540,000 troops, and the Marine Corps from 24 to 36 battalions. He wants to build a 350-ship Navy, have 1,200 fighter aircraft in the Air Force and increase missile defense.Trump has pledged to lift limits on spending from the 2011 budget bill, something that would require action by Congress and could be difficult. The limits are in place until 2021.The Congress is controlled by the GOP, but not all Republicans are in favor of more military spending.Increasing defense spending could also increase the deficit, something Trump and the GOP are loathe to do. He separately wants to cut taxes, including for the wealthy, would could add to deficit concerns.2. Targeting ISISTrump has said he would  aggressively pursue  military operations to  crush and destroy  the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, but what that would entail is far from clear.By the time Trump takes office on Jan. 20, offensives to retake ISIS s strongholds in both countries will be underway, but the terrorist group is expected to continue waging an insurgency in both places even if they fall.Trump would likely seek cooperation with Russia in Syria to defeat ISIS, but it s not clear what that would mean. Russia began an air campaign there in September 2015, but has been hitting anti-regime rebels supported by the U.S., as well as civilians.Trump has also called for international cooperation to cut off ISIS s funding, expanding intelligence sharing, and cyberwarfare to disrupt its propaganda and recruiting. Trump has said he would also  decimate  Al Qaeda.3. Syria and AfghanistanNearly 500,000 people have been killed and 11 million displaced by the Syrian war, an intractable problem for President Obama.Trump has suggested that Syria President Bashar al-Assad is better than the  alternative,  which would be the coalition of anti-regime rebels that include U.S.-backed moderates as well as extremists. At the same time, Trump has said he would build safe zones in Syria, in order to stop the flow of refugees into Europe.Those two goals are somewhat contradictory, as Syria and Russia have a broad definition of  terrorists  and have been hitting those civilians the safe zones would protect. U.S. defense officials and experts say implementing safe zones would mean war with Syria, and possibly Russia.Trump s future policy in Afghanistan, where the U.S. has 9,800 troops, is also unclear.Before his bid for presidency, he had called for withdrawing troops, and criticized efforts to nation-build in the country. He reiterated that sentiment earlier this year, saying at a rally in August that he would end  the era of nation building. However, with the Taliban making a comeback, and al Qaeda and ISIS militants also trying to build safe havens, there will be pressure for Trump to maintain U.S. troops in Afghanistan.4. Closer ties with Russia?U.S. relations with Russia could improve under Trump.Trump has said he could meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin before he takes office in January, and repeatedly complimented him during the campaign.His statements on Russia s invasion of the Ukraine territory in Crimea and his refusal to blame Russia for cyber hacks against U.S. political institutions has unnerved people in both parties.It s possible Trump won t change policy toward Russia.Vice President-elect Indiana Gov. Mike Pence (R) took a much harder line against Russia during the campaign, suggesting during the vice presidential debate that the U.S. Could take military action against Russia in Syria.Trump will likely face staunch opposition to cozier relations from Congress from key Republicans such as Sen. John McCain (Ariz.).Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), whose name has been floated for secretary of State under Trump, has been highly critical of Russia s role in Syria.Some experts say although Trump may seek to actively engage Russia, cooperation would likely be based on what s mutually beneficial. He is a deal maker so he s going to want things in return for giving Russia what it is seeking,  said Paul Schwartz, defense analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.Trump s win also puts the future of the 67-year-old NATO alliance in question at a time when lawmakers are working on bulking up the eastern flank to deter an increasingly aggressive Russia and finding ways to combat hybrid warfare, cyber attacks and terrorism.Trump called NATO obsolete multiple times over the course of the campaign, saying it should do more to fight terrorism. Trump also said he would look at whether NATO allies have  fulfilled their obligations to us  before deciding whether to defend them if they are attacked.Just five of 28 members meet the goal of spending 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense: the United States, the United Kingdom, Greece, Estonia and Poland.Michael O Hanlon, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, said there are a few paths Trump could take to fulfill his campaign promise.In one scenario, Trump could immediately pull out of commitments to defend countries that aren t meeting their 2 percent obligations.Trump could also make deals with such countries that give them a few years to meet the goal.5. Guantanamo staysWith President Obama unlikely to fulfill his pledge to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility by Jan. 20, Trump will inherit the facility and almost certainly keep it open Continue this story at The HillREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22373,Soros and Democrat Mega-Donors Meet to Plot Their War Against Donald Trump,"21st Century Wire says After investing hundreds of millions of dollars into the failed campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, elite liberals and money men gathered in Washington, D.C., to plot a way bring down President-elect Donald Trump in his term in the White House.The conference, sponsored by the Democracy Alliance donor club, featured keynote presentations from House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) and Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN), and as well as social engineering mogul billionaire George Soros.The next war in being planend as we speak  Zero HedgeAccording to Politico, the meeting, which began on Sunday night at Washington s Mandarin Oriental hotel, is sponsored by the influential Democracy Alliance donor club and will include darlings of the left such as House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, Senator Elizabeth Warren and Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chairman Keith Ellison.Politico reports:The meeting is the first major gathering of the institutional left since Trump s shocking victory over Hillary Clinton in last week s presidential election, and, if the agenda is any indication, liberals plan full-on trench warfare against Trump from Day One. Some sessions deal with gearing up for 2017 and 2018 elections, while others focus on thwarting President-elect Trump s 100-day plan, which the agenda calls  a terrifying assault on President Obama s achievements   and our progressive vision for an equitable and just nation. Yet, the meeting also comes as many liberals are reassessing their approach to politics   and the role of the Democracy Alliance, or DA, as the club is known in Democratic finance circles. The DA, its donors and beneficiary groups over the last decade have had a major hand in shaping the institutions of the left, including by orienting some of its key organizations around Clinton, and by basing their strategy around the idea that minorities and women constituted a so-called  rising American electorate  that could tip elections to Democrats.The Democracy Alliance has fed upwards of $500 million toward liberal activist groups and candidates since Soros co-founded the group in 2005.All members of DA are required to give $200,000 a year to recommended activist groups and pay annual dues of $30,000 to fund the DA staff and its meetings.Gara LaMarche, the president of the DA, told donors Sunday evening that some reassessment is in order for the Democratic party.  You don t lose an election you were supposed to win, with so much at stake, without making some big mistakes, in assumptions, strategy and tactics,  LaMarche said, according to prepared remarks he provided to Politico.LaMarche would add that the reassessment  must take place without recrimination and finger-pointing, whatever frustration and anger some of us feel about our own allies in these efforts,  and he said  It is a process we should not rush, even as we gear up to resist the Trump administration. While focusing on preserving ObamaCare and other achievements of the Obama administration that are threatened by a Donald Trump presidency, the DA s agenda includes panels on rethinking polling and the left s approach to winning the working-class vote. The group will also stress funneling cash into state legislative policy initiatives and races where Republicans took over last week This article originally appeared at Zero HedgeREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22374,"CBS 60 Minutes Withheld Trump’s Appeal to ‘Stop Attacking Minorities,’ and Ignored Reports of Attacks on Trump Supporters","J.R. Smith 21st Century WireThe election campaign might be over, but the mainstream media s campaign against President Elect Donald Trump is in full swing. Between all of the fake polling, intentionally pro-Clinton partisan coverage, and mainstream media collusion with the Democratic National Party and the Clinton Campaign exposed through WikiLeaks  Podesta email dump   nearly the entire US mainstream media is now in full damage-limitation mode desperately trying to preserve any crumb of credibility and perceived authority they might have left.It s now become clear that the media is guilty on multiple fronts, as more proof has emerged of how they are helping to stoke violence, while promoting unfounded fears   and all the while pushing fictional  hate crime  hoaxes.CBS News flagship investigative program 60 Minutes conducted a recorded interview with  Trump on Friday in which he made a direct plea on camera to any possible supporters to  Stop it,  in reference to anyone that may have written racist slogans or abusive language in public, or at schools. In light of the numerous pockets of protests and outbreaks of partisan violence which have racked America since the election results were announced last week, it would have been in the public interest to release this powerful appeal by Trump, but instead mainstream CBS buried it for 3 days until 60 Minutes was scheduled to air later on Sunday evening nationwide. If CBS had any credibility remaining, this certainly will have finished it off.When told about alleged reports of a  Trump supporter  who were said to have been harassing Latinos and Muslims following his presidential win, Trump told interviewer Leslie Stahl,  I am so saddened to hear that.  He then added, And I say,  Stop it.  If it helps, I will say this   and I will say right to the cameras:  Stop it.' One big thing in this incident that many mainstream media observers did not pick up is that at no time did Stahl give any specifics on these alleged  abuses  by Trump supporters against Muslims and Latinos, and even though it s obvious that Trump was not responsible for directing any alleged abuses   Stahl still demanded an apology on their behalf   without offering any evidence to support her claim. This was  drive-by  media at its worst. In fact, not one of these said accusations of abuse have been properly investigated by the media, and some may end up actually being media-generated rumors, or even hoaxes.Now, it s perfectly understandable that Trump s victory over the establishment s heavily inflated candidate Hillary Clinton has left many Democrats, especially millennial college-aged students upset, angry and feeling more than a little delicate due to their bruised collective egos (they are not upset that Trump won, as much as they are upset that  they  lost). The real problem exists far beyond the learned immaturity of America s politically correct-obsessed young adults. The real danger is that Democratic Party gutter operatives and their liberal media cohorts are actually staging, and fabricating hate crime  incidents in order to propagate the idea that the President Elect and his supporters are somehow  causing many minorities fearful about the future .  In reality, much of this hype is being generated through these same liberal media outlets.In fact, one Muslim female from Louisiana has since been forced to apologize for inventing her alleged hate crime  incident   one designed to discredit Trump, and to help stoke more nationwide protests.Buzzfeed reported, via Religion of Peace:A woman who claimed she was attacked and robbed by two men near the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, including one wearing a Donald Trump hat, made up the story, police said in a statement.The woman had alleged the men yelled obscenities at her and took away her wallet and hijab, a scarf sometimes worn by Muslim women, The Advertiser reported.Lafayette Police officials said in a statement the incident is no longer under investigation, the paper reported. During the course of the investigation, the female complainant admitted that she fabricated the story about her physical attack as well as the removal of her hijab and wallet by two white males,  the statement reportedly read.NOTE: This story made national headlines and was not questioned or challenged by the hordes of self-described  journalists  who populate the news and editorial newsrooms of America s corrupt liberal mainstream media.That s right   this was just another hoax:Violent Democratic-Affiliated Street GangsWhat Leslie Stahl and the rest of the gatekeepers at CBS and 60 Minutes have obscured is the fact since Tuesday s election, nearly all of the so-called  violent hate crimes  have been carried out against Trump supporters   by street gangs who are most clearly Democrat Party supporters.Here are just a few examples:@michellemalkin Even high school kids are not spared. Student Trump supporter attacked at Woodside High School https://t.co/e7tVvDJ6O8  Mama Angel (@Mommysaurus75) November 11, 2016Watch this clip taken from the radical leftist Portland protests this weekend, where Democratic Party supports attack a single woman in her car because they believed that she was a  Trump supporter.  These violent incidents reveal the flavor of anarchy which the Democratic Party and the sitting President of the United States, Barack Obama   are condoning through their deaf silence over the multiple reports of street violence unleashed with the help of the Democratic Party s online  community organizer  network MoveOn.org   a digital platform partly funded by leading Clinton donor and billionaire George Soros. Watch this stunning clip: From reports we learned that at no time before the attack took place did Wilcox display any support for Donald Trump. It appears as if they attacked him because he was white. So could one call this a case of black on white racism? Regardless, it s political intimidation done on the street   which could also be defined as pure political fascism. In this instance, the violence was partisan, and carried out by what could be classed as unofficial Democrat foot soldiers   enforcing a type of radical political regime on the streets of America. Watch this disturbing video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7zEibNcejA . Agitator and Chief: Where is Obama?These incidents have been mostly blacked out by a national US media who are obviously still working to discredit the Trump Presidency.Amidst all this violence, however, where is the current President Obama, or the Democratic Party s losing candidate Hillary Clinton   to help calm street thugs and violent  progressives ? It s almost as if Obama and Clinton are enjoying the unrest. Most certainly though, Obama, Clinton and the Democratic Party are hoping to use this week s media-generated liberal angst as future political leverage.What used to be regarded as a reputable investigative news program, 60 minutes, has gradually become a joke. It seems disinterested in covering anything of genuine interest, opting instead for running bland People Magazine and Time Magazine-style  safe  segments. Judging by its plummeting ratings, and its predictable cast of  job for life  government-approved media gatekeeper-cum-commentators like Anderson Cooper and Lesley Stahl, there is little hope for this institution. You might even say it s irredeemable.One of the corporate mainstream s worst offenders during the election was CNN host Brian Stelter (photo, left), whose own show is ironically titled  Reliable Sources.  Stelter is meant to be CNN s media watchdog person, laughably given the lofty title as  senior media analyst.  After leading CNN s own exposed efforts to obscure and derail Trump s Presidential run, while working to cover for a hugely unpopular (even among Democrats) Hillary Clinton candidacy, Stelter has now taken it upon himself to revamp his network s horrible reputation as an establishment gatekeeper and manipulator of US elections. But it s too late. The damage has already been done, and CNN will not regain the hanging facade of credibility it once struggled to retain. They are a dirty media outlet, and now everyone knows it.Now CBS News has been exposed in public view, but their crime is even worse than CNN s which was just dirty politics in comparison. CBS News took it upon itself to compromise public safety, and put lives at risk   all for its own selfish institutional political position. Twenty years ago, this might have been considered shameful, but in today s toxic liberal media establishment ruled by an unhealthy feeling of superiority over the unwashed masses   they are all way past shameless at this stage.None of them can be trusted anymore   only tolerated, in the hope that they might actually report some useful news in the coming years.More on the CBS 60 Minutes scandal from The Hill  COSMETIC: CBS s Stahl represents the shallow, bland irrelevance of the mainstream gatekeeping media. Joe Concha The HillCBS News is under fire for holding a videotaped clip from a Friday interview with President-elect Donald Trump urging supporters not to attack minorities until a  60 Minutes  broadcast on Sunday night. I am very surprised to hear that. I hate to hear it,  Trump told interviewer Lesley Stahl when told of some attacks on minorities that have reportedly occurred since his election victory Tuesday. I am so sorry to hear it, and I say stop it,  Trump said before looking directly into the camera.  And I say right to the camera, stop it. 60 Minutes  did release quotes from the Friday interview in advance, but only a statement by Trump on the Affordable Care Act. We chose to release a quote on the issue that affects the most Americans & that was his statement on Obamacare,  a spokesperson for CBS told CNN Monday.Kai Ryssdal, host of  Marketplace,  called that reasoning  completely underwhelming. CBS's underwhelming answer: ""We chose to release a quote on the issue that affects the most Americans & that was his statement on Obamacare""  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) November 14, 2016Protests have grown in the wake of Trump s victory in major cities across the country.Not all protests have been peaceful. A protester was shot in Portland last Thursday and hospitalized. Hundreds of arrests have been made, property has been damaged and traffic has snarled due to roads being blocked by protesters chanting  Impeach Trump  and  Not my president. Continue this story at The HillREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22375,Amerika: ‘Tolerant’ University Educators Exile Trump Voters from American Campuses,"21st Century Wire says Since the late 1960 s, it s become accepted as a fact of political life that the faculty and administrations of America s universities have a heavily ingrained liberal bias, but to see them now actively working to cleanse their campuses of any pro-Trump and conservative voices demonstrates that their  progressive values  have progressed far beyond what used to be considered as liberal  and into the realm of political fascism and Marxist-style identity politics. The liberal reaction to the US Election result not only marks a low ebb of American culture, but it also proves beyond any doubt that the US university system is failing to teach life s basics Last week s US Presidential Election result has accentuated this phenomenon, bringing many hardcore radical campus political ideologies out of their academic shells, and into the open, in all of their ugliness. Some university heads around the country have called for  safe spaces  on their campuses   where traumatized Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders student supporters can go to retreat from any mention of Donald Trump, and to protect them from hearing any speech in support of President Elect Trump. Quite rightly, because of frequent incidents like this, many are now viewing American academia as one giant institutionalized brainwashing mill   where political correctness is not only encouraged, it s also being legislated.RELATED: DePaul University Threatens to ARREST Conservative editor Ben Shapiro if He Stepped on CampusThis is the danger of a liberal America which appears to desire not only a single party state, but also a sanitized monoculture where speech and expression are heavily regulated   and also self-policed by  progressive mobs. This leftist culture of extreme intolerance to any opposing views   where students will demand protection  from the state and administrative bodies from even hearing any opposing opinions in public   is heading dangerously close to Mao s Amerika  Glenn Reynolds USA TodayOne of the more amusing bits of fallout from last week s election has been the safe-space response of many colleges and universities to the election of the  wrong  candidate. But on closer examination, this response isn t really amusing. In fact, it s downright mean.Donald Trump s substantial victory, when most progressives expected a Hillary Clinton landslide, came as a shock to many. That shock seems to have been multiplied in academia, where few people seem to know any Trump supporters   or, at least, any Trump supporters who ll admit to it.The response to the shock has been to turn campuses into kindergarten. The University of Michigan Law School announced a  post-election self-care  event with  food  and  play,  including  coloring sheets, play dough (sic), positive card-making, Legos and bubbles with your fellow law students.  (Embarrassed by the attention, UM Law scrubbed the announcement from its website, perhaps concerned that people would wonder whether its graduates would require Legos and bubbles in the event of stressful litigation.) IN NEED OF  SAFE SPACES : Hillary Clinton supporters struggling to cope with the reality of democracy (Image Source: Fellowship of the Minds)Stanford emailed its students and faculty that psychological counseling was available for those experiencing  uncertainty, anger, anxiety and/or fear  following the election. So did the University of Michigan s Flint campus.Meanwhile, even the Ivy League wasn t immune, with the University of Pennsylvania (Trump s alma mater) creating a post-election safe space with puppies and coloring books:Student Daniel Tancredi reported that the people who attended were  fearful  about the results of the election. For the most part, students just hung out and ate snacks and made small talk,  Tancredi told  The College Fix.   Of course, that was in addition to coloring and playing with the animals. Yale had a  group scream. At Tufts, the university offered arts and crafts, while the University of Kansas reminded students that there were plenty of  therapy dogs  available.  At other schools, exams were canceled and professors expressed their sympathy to traumatized students.It s easy to mock this as juvenile silliness   because, well, it is juvenile silliness of the sort documented in Frank Furedi s What s Happened To The University? But that s not all it is. It s also exactly what these schools purport to abhor:  an effort to marginalize and silence part of the university community.In an email to students, University of Michigan President Mark Schlissel wrote: Our responsibility is to remain committed to education, discovery and intellectual honesty   and to diversity, equity and inclusion. We are at our best when we come together to engage respectfully across our ideological differences; to support all who feel marginalized, threatened or unwelcome; and to pursue knowledge and understanding. But when you treat an election in which the  wrong  candidate wins as a traumatic event on a par with the 9/11 attacks, calling for counseling and safe spaces, you re implicitly saying that everyone who supported that  wrong  candidate is, well, unsafe. Despite the talk about diversity and inclusion, this is really sending the signal that people who supported Trump   and Trump is leading the state of Michigan, so there are probably quite a few on campus   aren t really included in acceptable campus culture. It s not promoting diversity; it s enforcing uniformity. It s not promoting inclusion; it s practicing exclusion Continue this story at USA TodayREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22376,Keiser Report: The ‘Gaddafi-like’ Political Career Death of Hillary Clinton,"21st Century Wire says In 2011, then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made the grave error of publicly gloating over the gruesome death of Libya president Muammar Gaddafi. When asked to comment on what many in Washington claimed was a victory by destroying the nation state of Libya, Clinton famously cackled,  We came, we saw, he died!  Watch as Keiser Report co-hosts Max Keiser and Stacy Hebert recount the tale this week   at the entrance of the venue which the Clinton campaign had hired for her multi-million dollar  victory celebration  on election night in New York City. Also, after their critique of Clinton s historic defeat, Keiser goes on to deliver a stunning US-China economic forecast with his guest while sitting on top of a skyscraper in Manhattan RT:  In this episode of the Keiser Report, Max and Stacy discuss the gruesome Gaddafi like death to a political career. They look at the role of Obamacare premium increases in middle income voter discontentment with the Democratic Party. In the second half, Max interviews Dr. Michael Hudson about what went wrong for Hillary. Watch:  SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22377,"Finally, Obama Speaks: Americans Need to ‘Reconcile Themselves’ with a Trump Presidency","21st Century Wire says There is an amazing scene unfolding in America  While the Democratic Party s  community organizing  machine helps ignite street protests, and even some violence, on streets nationwide   the Democratic President goes in front of the press this morning saying,  Look, the people have spoken. Donald Trump will be the next president. After a week of concentrated unrest, the President has been totally silent about street protests rejecting the election result   almost as a wink and a knod, quietly encouraging, or perhaps tempting a boiling point. When will President directly engage the American people on this issue?Certainly, if this situation were reversed, the media would be demanding that a Republican president go to the American people calling for calm   and to accept the American media s newly invented term,  the peaceful transition of power. More  leading from behind  in Washington  Gregory Korte USA TodayPresident Obama is answering questions about the election, the presidential transition and his legacy Monday at a White House news conference  his first since voters handed the White House over to a candidate who promised to dismantle his agenda.Appearing relaxed and reflective, Obama said Americans had to  reconcile themselves  to the Trump presidency, but that he was optimistic about the country and his Democratic party.He also made clear that he has things he wants to accomplish before he leaves office.  We re going to make sure that we finish what we started, that we don t let up in these last two months,  he said.Obama said his White House team should be proud of what they ve accomplished.  We ve already ensured that when we turn over the keys, the car is in pretty good shape. We are indisputably in a better position now than we were when I came in eight years ago. ( ) At the Monday news conference, Obama addressed:  The outcome of the election:  Look, the people have spoken. Donald Trump will be the next president, the 45th president of the United States. Those who didn t vote for him have to understand, that s how the system works. That s how democracy operates,  he said.  Whenever you have an incoming president on the other side, particularly after a contentious election like we ve had, it takes a while for people to reconcile themselves to that new reality. Hopefully it s a reminder that elections matter.  His Oval Office meeting with Trump: Probably the most important point that I made was that how you staff, particularly the chief of staff, the national security adviser, the White House counsel   that s something that has to be attended to right away,  he said.  I think it s important to give him the room and the space to do that. Obama said he told Trump he was encouraged by his more conciliatory tone since the election.  Gestures matter, and how he reaches out to groups that may not have supported him   those are the kinds of things that can set the tone to move forward once he takes office.  The future of the Democratic party:  It s a healthy thing for the Democratic party to go through some reflection. I think it s important for me not to be bigfooting that conversation. We want to see new voices and new views emerge,  he said Continue this story at USA TodayREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22378,Episode #160 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Hail to the Deplorables’ with special guest Randy J," Episode #160 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this November 13, 2016 as host Patrick Henningsen brings a 3 HOURS special broadcast of LIVE power-packed talk radio on ACR LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:SUNDAYS   5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US)This week s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is on the road broadcasting LIVE from the Valley of the Sun. This week host Patrick Henningsen covers this week s top stories in the US and internationally. In the first hour we ll conduct a post-mortem on the incredible US Election which has produced President Elect Donald J Trump, and the aftermath   a nation divided punctuated by numerous street protests in part fuelled by Soros and the Democratic Party Machine. Later, we re joined by our roving everyman, ACR Boiler Room contributor, Randy J, for an on the ground take on Election events from the West Coast, and beyond SHOUT POLL: Which of these two US oligarch families is more corrupt (and why)?  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world  *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Listen to  Sunday Wire EP #160    Hail to the Deplorables  with Randy J  on Spreaker.Direct Download the Most Recent Episode// <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt;Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives   ",0
22379,"Post-Trump Liberal Meltdown: Counseling, Cry-ins, Therapy Dogs and Poetry","21st Century Wire says You can imagine how nations like China and Russia are now laughing at US students as mass psychological trauma has apparently set-in across liberal America. Schools, universities and political institutions across the country are now offering various services following Republican Donald Trump s insurgent victory in the US presidential election. According to NBC News, Democratic staffers were so distraught over this week s election that  therapy dogs  had to be brought in to help workers on Capitol Hill cope with their vulnerabilities and hurt feelings.Much needed #therapy #dogs on Capitol Hill today! Thx @pet_partners @HABRITweets @PIJAC4PETS ! pic.twitter.com/Lodz2pZ0l8  Steve Feldman (@SteveFeldman) November 9, 2016Therapy Dogs included two golden doodles, two American Eskimo dogs, and a beagle mix  walked around the offices of the House of Representatives. Students at Cornell University even staged a  cry-in  on campus the day after the election.Other US campuses were organizing various theraputic activities like poetry readings, where  healthy snacks will be served. The dogs were organized by NGOs the Human Animal Bond Research Initiative, Pet Partners, the Pet Leadership Council and the Pet Industry Joint Advisory Council.Their press release says that Democratic Party staffers needed,  the help of a non-judgmental, furry, four-legged best friend that enjoys bipartisan support. Organizers say it was a great way for workers to blow off steam especially for those whose bosses may have lost re-election bids,  NBC added.Also, cry-ins  were staged on the campus of  Cornell University, and Yale University even staged a  group scream  in order to help student vent their  internalized stress  the day after the election.Watch RT America s Ed Schultz and Lionel, of Lionel Media, discuss the ridiculous liberal reaction and student meltdown to Trump s surprise victory: ",0
22380,Henningsen: ‘US Anti-Trump Protests Similar to Soros Color Revolutions Abroad’,"21st Century Wire says Organized efforts are underway by Democratic Party affiliated NGO s to try and somehow delegitimize the results of this week s US Presidential Election. On the eve of the US Election before voters went to the polls, 21WIRE political affairs analyst Patrick Henningsen accurately predicted this week s unrest when he said: If Trump wins, expect the likes of Soros and MoveOn.org to unleash wave after wave of flash mobs, who will protest, riot, smash and burn their way on to CNN s 24 hour news rotation. Expect Occupy 2.0, and #BlackLivesMatter to rage. On Friday, Henningsen talked to RT International about the post-elections protests that were coordinated in part by Democratic Party  community organizing  online platform MoveOn.org. Watch: SEE ALSO: (VIDEO) Female College Students Protesting Because  Trump is a Rapist 21WIRE Associate Editor Shawn Helton recently revealed more details about how the near exact same methods used in CIA and Soros-funded  color revolutions  overseas   are now being deployed on US domestic shores by similar NGO front organizations:  has been the driving force behind nationwide protests against the election of Donald Trump. Overseas, Washington tends to use the same cast of NGO fronts to build-up pro-US political opposition groups, as well as plan and generate civil unrest. They include the Albert Einstein Institute (AEI), National Endowment for Democracy (NED), International Republican Institute (IRI), National Democratic Institute (NDI), Freedom House and later the International Center for Non-Violent Conflict (ICNC), and the US Agency for International Development (USAID), the financial and contractor arm of the Department of State. Inside the US, deep state actors in Washington generally work through Democratic Party affiliated organizations like MoveOn.org, as well as through labor union organizations like AFL-CIO, and UNITE HERE. These, along with many other similar organizations have been involved in organizing this week s protests,  says Helton. Helton also raised the question as to why President Obama has stayed silent in the face of street protests, opting instead to  lead from behind.  He explains: Certainly, judging by President Obama and Hillary Clinton s total silence over their own party s role in fomenting this week s unrest   one can only conclude that both party leaders approve of the protests and riots. The political motivation is undeniable   to help delegitimize a new Trump presidency. Stay tuned for more updates here at 21WIRE.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22381,RT EXCLUSIVE: Peter Lavelle interviews Dr. Ron Paul on Trump’s Challenges,"21st Century Wire says In 2008 and 2012, Ron Paul created a libertarian and paleoconservative insurency in America. The country had an opportunity to elect a real stateman and dedicated constitutionalist in Dr Paul, but unfortunately he could not overcome establishment gatekeepers within his own party, as well as in the corrupt US mainstream media.In 2016, few commentators are as well-placed to analyse the rise of the Trump insurgency as well as Paul.CrossTalk ask:  With the surprise election of Donald Trump, can we expect an equally surprising foreign policy from him? During the campaign he provided us with a glimpse of his thinking. Will there be a Trump Doctrine? Watch this incredible one-on-one interview with RT s Peter Lavelle and special guest Dr Ron Paul:  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22382,‘COLOR REV’ AGIT PROP: George Soros MoveOn Agitators March on America – as Billionaire Instigator Sued,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WireAnti-Trump street protests linked to the Soros  funded organization MoveOn.org have cascaded across the nation for the third day following the 2016 presidential election result.Mainstream media outlets like CNN and MSNBC have given the protests around-the-clock media coverage, drowning out all other news stories, including a successful transition meeting between the President Elect and President Barack Obama.  OUTSIDER VS. INSIDER    Manufactured social unrest incited after announcement of Trump presidency. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)The Free Thought Project weighed in on the new developments concerning a series of centrally coordinated anti-Trump protests organized in part by by the George Soros NGO MoveOn: Washington, D.C.   Billionaire globalist financier George Soros  MoveOn.org has been revealed to be a driving force behind the organizing of nationwide protests against the election of Donald Trump   exposing the protests to largely be an organized, top-down operation   and not an organic movement of concerned Americans taking to the streets as reported by the mainstream media.Wednesday saw protests in the streets of at least 10 major U.S. cities. Chicago, New York, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Boston, Washington, D.C., Portland, Ore., St. Paul, Minn., Seattle, and several other cities saw protests, according to USA Today.In light of the protests and rioting that have transpired since the election of Trump, a closer analysis of the dynamic at play is warranted to gauge whether it s an organic grassroots movement, or something much more organized, sophisticated and potentially dangerous. Soros  affiliated organization MoveOn.org released the following press release yesterday afternoon: Americans to Come Together in Hundreds Peaceful Gatherings of Solidarity, Resistance, and Resolve Following Election ResultsHundreds of Americans, dozens of organizations to gather peacefully outside the White House and in cities and towns nationwide to take a continued stand against misogyny, racism, Islamophobia, and xenophobia.Tonight, thousands of Americans will come together at hundreds of peaceful gatherings in cities and towns across the nation, including outside the White House, following the results of Tuesday s presidential election.The gatherings   organized by MoveOn.org and allies   will affirm a continued rejection of Donald Trump s bigotry, xenophobia, Islamophobia, and misogyny and demonstrate our resolve to fight together for the America we still believe is possible.Within two hours of the call-to-action, MoveOn members had created more than 200 gatherings nationwide, with the number continuing to grow on Wednesday afternoon. Soros Agit-Prop EmpireLast year during the ongoing European migrant crisis, startling claims were levied by Hungarian PM Victor Orban (left photo), concerning the role played by Soros.PM Orban contended that the founder and chair of Open Society Foundations (Open Society Institute), was entrenched in a  circle of activists,  that inadvertently become part of this international human-smuggling network. The stunning declaration by Orban recalled the misguided machinations of The Occupy Movement (aka OWS) in 2011, as well as the Soros funded protests in Ferguson, Missouri in 2014, along with other Black Lives Matter protests this past year   all of which were uniquely designed to push naive participants (along with paid provocateurs) into violent action and social unrest.Back in January, MoveOn publicly endorsed the Bernie Sanders campaign in what appeared to be a call to action for BLM associated groups seen backing Sanders. It s worth mentioning, that MoveOn also supported the Obama campaign in 2008 and according to the website, Sanders was the only other candidate to reach the threshold for an endorsement. As we said back in March, professional political agitator flash mobs, had been mobilized at future Trump campaign events, making it very difficult to run a normal campaign   as  activists  attempted to take away Trump s  strength in numbers  at his rallies. This was confirmed at events in both Ohio, and at a Trump primary campaign event the University of Illinois Chicago earlier this year, where hundreds of BLM activists and Sanders supporters triggered voilent clashes inside the venue and even stormed the stage, shortly after Trump started speaking. Then again at Reno, just prior to the election, Trump was birddogged, forcing secret service to escort the Republican nominee away to safety.In a Politico article in early 2016 entitled  Major donors consider funding Black Lives Matter,  we gain deeper insight into the political funding for BLM and the Soros linked Democratic Alliance: Major donors are usually not as radical or confrontational as activists most in touch with the pain of oppression,  said Steve Phillips, a Democracy Alliance member and significant contributor to Democratic candidates and causes. He donated to a St. Louis nonprofit group called the Organization for Black Struggle that helped organize 2014 Black Lives Matter-related protests in Ferguson, Missouri, over the police killing of a black teenager named Michael Brown. And Phillips and his wife, Democracy Alliance board member Susan Sandler, are in discussions about funding other groups involved in the movement. It worth noting how Soros, a long time contributor to Hillary Clinton, donated $2 million in PAC money in 2015 and January of 2016, Soros reportedly gave $8 million to  boost  Clinton s campaign. Soros also recently funded $15 million to Latino groups looking to stop Trump s rise towards a potential GOP nomination and beyond.Look for these political engineers to pit choreographed conservative and liberal groups against each other across the country   as all of these hostile uprisings are designer engineered by party linked alliances.  SOCIAL ENGINEERING    Political memes and staged political flash mobs have been sparked by media, NGO s and social media. (Image Source: abc news)During the last month, it was revealed how the investigative non-profit Project Veritas found evidence that the DNC paid participants to incite violence at Trump rallies during the course of the 2016 election.If those reports are accurate   reports which have gone unchallenged so far  this would be in violation of both election bylaws and also US criminal law. PAID PROTEST?    Social justice warriors incite anti-Trump violence across the US. (Image Source: youtube)USA Color RevolutionsBoth the purpose of these types of agitation activities seems to be to first cause a public disruption, and also to foment are a form of modern class warfare. These political protests  are designed in such a way as to disguise its true intentions. Ultimately, a radical globalist and cultural marxist  progressive  agenda is at play   eroding the legitimacy of a democratically elected government through a series of artificial  color  upheavals, and where possible   weakening a country s national sovereignty through forced dependency on multilateral globalist institutions like the UN or IMF, while presenting shock and awe imagery in order to manipulate the public s political perspective.This is how the US and its CIA conduct their destablization  color revolution  campaigns overseas, and now astute observers will be able to see these exact same methods being deployed here inside the US.Overseas, Washington tends to use the same cast of NGO fronts to build-up pro-US political opposition groups, as well as plan and generate civil unrest. They include the Albert Einstein Institute (AEI), National Endowment for Democracy (NED), International Republican Institute (IRI), National Democratic Institute (NDI), Freedom House and later the International Center for Non-Violent Conflict (ICNC), and the US Agency for International Development (USAID), the financial and contractor arm of the Department of State.Inside the US, deep state actors in Washington generally work through Democratic Party affiliated organizations like MoveOn.org, as well as through labor union organizations like AFL-CIO, and UNITE HERE. These, along with many other similar organizations have been involved in organizing this week s protests.It still remains to be seen if Trump s stated dynamic political vision for America can unite an embattled nation by restoring international relations throughout the world, in addition to helping economic woes at home, or will it simply push the country further into authoritarianism. This remains to be seen.Certainly, judging by President Obama and Hillary Clinton s total silence over their own party s role in fomenting this week s unrest   one can only conclude that both party leaders approve of the protests and riots. The political motivation is undeniable   to help delegitimize a new Trump presidency.But one thing is for sure   there s no doubt now that a systematic design is in place to unsettle the 45th president and the public should question why.Legal Action Against Soros GroupsIn a recent report featured at RT news we learn that George Soros and BLM activists will be sued for the deaths of slain police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge:The father of Patrick Zamarripa filed a lawsuit against Black Lives Matter and other groups for allegedly  inciting a war on police  that led to the death of his son.The lawsuit filed in US District Court in Dallas on Monday seeks $550 million in damages. While Defendant Black Lives Matter claims to combat anti-black racism,  the lawsuit said, according to the Fort Worth Star Telegram,  the movement has in fact incited and committed further violence, severe bodily injury and death against police officers of all races and ethnicities, Jews, and Caucasians. Defendant Black Lives Matter is in fact a violent and revolutionary criminal gang. The misguided machinations behind the anti-Trump protests have dominated any peaceful transition into power for the president-elect. Will these protest groups be a reboot of the OWS movement, occupying the masses with their own hateful rhetoric as we move into 2017 and beyond?More from the Duran below   NEO BLACK BLOC?     Black bloc provocateurs, have violently escalated protest movements since the 1980 s, all the way through 2011 s Occupy Wall Street Movement and beyond. The riotous scene above is from the anti-trump protests in Portland. (Image Source: willamette week)George Soros begins his color revolution in America, as MoveOn  activists  march against TrumpBy Alex Christoforou The DuranAnti-Trump protesters march through the streets of New York shouting  Not my president .MoveOn.org is a George Soros NGO and George Soros NGOs have nothing to do with charity or justice, and everything to do with political leverage, and in extreme cases government insurrection.We have seen Soros begin destructive movements to remove those he deems unsuitable to govern in a variety of countries, most recently in Ukraine, with the Soros sponsored Maidan coup.Now it looks like Soros may be setting his sights on sabotaging the forthcoming Trump presidency.We do know, thanks to Wikileaks, that George Soros was a huge supporter of Hillary Clinton, as Hillary Clinton was always looking out of George Soros  best interests.We are certain Trump s victory is a bitter pill for globalist Soros to swallow. Between Putin and Trump, Soros may finally be starting to feel his power on the world stage falter.More from Duran here READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22383,REVEALED: List of People President Elect Trump is Considering for Top White House Postions,"21st Century Wire says IMPORTANT: We are particularly worried about John Bolton and Rudolph Giuliani holding major diplomatic positions   they are both damaged goods and relics of a failed Neoconservative past which some Republicans are acting nostalgic about. Both Bolton and Giuliani have pressed for a pre-emptive strike on Iran in the past, and with continued pressure and finance from the Israeli Lobby   it s a near certainty that they will continue this foreign policy line. Trump won the GOP primaries by rejecting the Bush docrine and the Neocon model of foreign intervention. If Trump reverses that postion he is only creating a new and more powerful anti-war oppostion in America. A hawkish Trump policy would only galvanize the left in America, and globally.Let s see if he s smart enough to realize this prospective reality and appoint his cabinet accordingly  TRANSITION: Media currently carried away with speculation over what a  President Trump  administration will look like in Janruary. Daily CallerDonald Trump is contemplating naming a number of recognizable players from the 2016 campaign to serve in senior White House roles, according to an internal transition document obtained exclusively by The Daily Caller.The list was provided by a member of the transition team on the condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to speak to the press. Described as a  working  document, it is being used to help the president-elect envision a White House staff structure, the source said. Some people are listed more than once.It includes names like Trump campaign chairman Stephen K. Bannon, RNC chairman Reince Priebus, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn.Bannon   who was executive chairman of Breitbart News before joining the Trump campaign   is under consideration for chief of staff, as is Priebus. The choice here could be telling about Trump s strategy for working with Congress: Bannon, who is proudly anti-establishment, detests House Speaker Paul Ryan while Priebus and Ryan are close allies.Like chief of staff, a number of the roles listed seem to include both insider and outsider options. For example, Kellyanne Conway, a longtime Republican pollster, is in contention with Corey Lewandowski, who worked with the New Hampshire state police until 2010, for the position of senior adviser.Lewandowski is also in consideration for the role of deputy chief of staff for planning, as is Katie Walsh, the RNC s chief of staff. As for White House counsel, the list includes both Alan Garten, the general counsel at the Trump Organization, and Donald McGahn, his campaign attorney, as options.Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller   an immigration hawk and former communications aide to Alabama GOP Sen. Jeff Sessions   is under consideration for a variety roles, including deputy chief of staff for policy, director of speechwriting, director of the domestic policy council and director of communications. Miller often warmed up for Trump during rallies in the Republican primary and embodies Trump s message of limited immigration, free trade skepticism and distaste for the donor class.Miller isn t the only former Sessions aide being considered for a Trump administration. Rick Dearborn, Sen. Sessions  chief of staff, is listed as the sole option for leading the office of legislative affairs.Like Sessions, former GOP Michigan Rep. Mike Rogers, formerly the chairman of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, appears likely to have influence in the Trump administration. He is being considered for both national security advisor and assistant to the president for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism. His former chief of staff, Andy Keiser, is also being considered for the position of deputy national security advisor.Two other people listed for national security advisor are retired Army Lt. Gen. Micheal Flynn, who served as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency under President Barack Obama, and Stephen Hadley, who served in the same role under former President George W. Bush. Flynn, Rogers, and Hadley are all hawkish. Flynn has called for the destruction of the Syrian city of Raqqa, Hadley served as deputy national security adviser during the invasion of Iraq and Rogers said in 2014 that ground troops should be deployed to fight the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq.As for White House press secretary, the list includes some memorable faces from the campaign: former Ted Cruz aide and eventual Trump spokesman Jason Miller, top RNC aide Sean Spicer and Conway.Here is the list obtained by TheDC:Assistant to the President and Chief of StaffStephen K. Bannon, Reince PriebusAssistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism.Keith Kellogg, Mike RogersAssistant to the President and Press Secretary.Jason Miller, Sean Spicer, Kellyanne ConwayAssistant to the President and Deputy Chief of Staff for Planning. Corey Lewandowski, Katie WalshAssistant to the President and Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy. Stephen Miller, Sam ClovisAssistant to the President and National Security Advisor. Michael T. Flynn, Mike Rogers, Stephen HadleyAssistant to the President and Director of Speechwriting. Stephen Miller, Cliff SimsSenior Advisor and Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Affairs and Public Engagement.None listedAssistant to the President and Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations.David Bossie, Katie WalshAssistant to the President and Deputy National Security Advisor.Clare Lopez, Walid Phares, Andy KeiserAssistant to the President and Director of the Domestic Policy Council.Stephen MillerAssistant to the President and Director, Office of Legislative Affairs.Rick DearbornAssistant to the President and Director of Communications.Jason Miller, Stephen Miller, Cliff SimsAssistant to the President and Senior AdvisorKellyanne Conway, Corey LewandowskiAssistant to the President for Economic Policy and Director of the National Economic Council. Dan Dimicco, David MalpassWhite House CounselDon McGahn, Alan Garten**** READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22384,Barack Obama’s Final Arms-Export Totals Doubles That of Bush Administration,"21st Century Wire says 21WIRE has always pointed out that the marketing facade of Barack Obama as the  Nobel Peace Prize  President is just that   a facade. The facts simply do not support the myth.  Defense OneThe Obama administration has approved more than $278 billion in foreign arms sales in its eight years, more than double the total of the previous administration, according to figures released by the Pentagon on Tuesday.Many of the approved deals   most but hardly all of which have become actual sales   have been to Mideast nations, including key allies in the campaign against Islamic State militants and countries that have been building up their defenses in fear of a nuclear Iran.Saudi Arabia has been the largest recipient, reaping prospective deals worth more than $115 billion, according to notices announcing the deals that were sent to Congress for approval. Nobody even comes close  for the number of deals and total value, said William Hartung, director of the Arms Security Project at the Center for International Policy. Among the weapons approved for Riyadh: F-15 fighter jets, Apache attack helicopters, Blackhawk utility helicopters, missile interceptors, armored vehicles and bombs and missiles Continue this story at Defense OneREAD MORE OBAMA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Obama FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22385,(VIDEO) Female College Students Protesting Because ‘Trump is a Rapist’,"21st Century Wire says US college students continue to be emotionally traumatized and  threatened  by Donald Trump s surprise presidential victory this week, sparking a wave of nationally coordinated street protests, organized in part through the George Soros funded Democratic Party  community organizing  web portal MoveOn.org. Various protests and riots have been organized around a number university campuses including Berkeley, Portland, New York City and Los Angleses. When asked why she scared by the election result, one female university student claimed that the President Elect is a  rapist,  while another claim that,  He [Trump] is about to have a court case about a 13 years old girl soon, and I m not down for that. The alleged court case the student is referring was actually dropped, and has since been exposed as a likely politically motivated hoax according to reports.Here is last night s student protest, including multiple interviews from both sides of the debate, filmed last night in  Albuquerque, New Mexico, by Stuart J Hooper. Watch:  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22386,"‘Beyonce, Jay Z, Hillary Clinton – You Don’t Represent All Blacks, Women’","21st Century Wire says One of the great myths being spun by the establishment media was that Donald Trump had no support from women, latinos and blacks in the US. As it turned out, this was a lie propagated in a failed attempt to margnalize Republican voters and give a false impression of a liberal Democratic mandate in America. In the end Trump gathered 29% of Latinos, 9% of African Americans and 49% of college educated white women. For months, mainstream media pundits and polls insisted that all of these demographics were exclusively for Hillary Clinton. How could they have got it so wrong?Psychologist and intenet radio personality Kiki Green explains how blacks were conned into voting for Hillary Clinton by the partnership between the Democratic Party, Hollywood and the Clinton campaign   by cynically using celebrities like Beyonce, Jay Z and Katie Perry WARNING: ADULT LANGUAGE please be advised:  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22387,Boiler Room EP #83 – Wouldn’t It Be Nice…,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Stewart Howe and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East for the 83rd episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in a post-election special broadcast of Boiler Room with the crew. This week we re going over the pros and cons of a President Elect Donald J Trump. The good, the bad, the things to keep in mind and the potential backlash to keep eyes out for from both the establishment and those that opposed a Trump Presidency.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Listen to  Boiler Room #83  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22388,Mexico’s Richest Oligarch Loses Billions on News of Trump Victory," 21st Century Wire says Mexico s billionaire tycoon Carlos Slim saw a large chuck of his wealth evaporate   literally overnight, after news of a Donald Trump election victory hit the currency and stock markets on Wednesday morning. According to Bloomberg financial analysts, Slim, Mexico s wealthiest person and rated fifth on the global rich list, took a stinging $5.1 billion haircut after the Mexican Peso went into a 12% free fall after Trump s stunning upset over Democratic Hillary Clinton.Slim s loss amounted to a staggering 9.2 percent of his total fortune.In the week before, polls showed Hillary Clinton as the odds on favorite, netting the billionaires a staggering $57 billion in total wealth increase across world markets. However, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, oligarchs lost a total of $41 billion during Wednesday s epic slide   with Slim being the biggest loser.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22389,America’s Primal Scream: David Icke Explains Reason for Trump’s Election Result,"21st Century Wire says Author David Icke talks about the US election shocker and what it says about the relationship between society and big government.In the end, Trump s success was an expression of a complete rejection of the political establishment and the two party system. Like BREXIT, Trump s surprise electoral result represents a much bigger social and spiritual tremor happening beneath the establishment s feet   one that the mainstream are prepared to admit. Watch: SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22390,E.T. Williams Explains Why Millennials are in Meltdown Over Trump Win,"21st Century Wire says Donald Trump s victory has sparked flash mob protests on Wednesday, with students staging walkouts, as well as some burning and looting in Dallas and Oakland, California, and with marches in New York, Portland, Chicago, Boston and Philadelphia.E.T. Williams aka The Doctor of Common Sense explains why pockets of anxious college Hillary supporters across the America are asking for classes to be canceled because Trump beat Clinton in Tuesday s presidential election. Watch: SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22391,STUNNER: Donald Trump is Next President of United States,"21st Century Wire says Republican candidate Donald J Trump will be the 45th President of the United States.History has been made, as he will be the first person ever to hold office despite having no previous political or military experience  Trump s victory was definitive. By breaking through the seemingly impregnable  Blue Wall  in the northern rust belt of Wisconsin and Michigan, Trump effectively ran the table on Democrat favorite Hillary Clinton in what pundits are calling one of the biggest political realignments in decades. It s time for America to bind the wounds of division,  said Trump in front on a crowd of thousands at his acceptance speech at the Hilton in downtown Manhattan.Trump s victory over Clinton is now regarded as the most stunning upset in US political history   upending the establishment s false polling and the mainstream media s collusion with the Democratic Party and the Clinton campaign.  Neither the polls or the pundits saw this coming.It s reported that Hillary Clinton called Trump to concede the race before he addressed his supporters. I ve just received a call from Secretary Clinton,  said Trump.  She congratulated us, it s about us, on our victory. And I congratulated her and her family on a very, very hard-fought campaign. I mean, she fought very hard. Hillary has worked very long and very hard over a very long period of time, and we owe her a major debt of gratitude for her service to our country. And I mean that very sincerely. Earlier this week, Trump predicted his victory, likening it to the UK s surprise BREXIT vote this past summer, saying it would be  Brexit Plus Plus. After being written off by the media and the party establishment in the GOP primaries, and then again in the general election, Trump still managed to capture the imagination of one of the biggest insurgent voting blocks in electoral history. Before the results came in, yesterday 21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen commented on the key to Trump s success, explaining: Granted, half of the American population have been conditioned to hate Trump for various reasons. But many of them are missing the key point in the Trump story, just like they did in the Sanders story. Trump offered millions of voters something profound: the idea that even in today s insulated political fortress that is Washington DC, anything is still possible in American politics   where an outsider can come in and shake up a stale and corrupt ruling class. Stay tuned for more updates.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22392,Canada’s Immigration Website Crashes After Trump Pulls Ahead," 21st Century Wire says According to reports from Business Insider, the Canadian government s immigration website crashed tonight following reports that Donald Trump was pulling ahead in the US after calling a victory in traditional Democrat stronghold of Wisconsin.Clinton surrogate Miley Cyrus.A number of high profile US liberals had said previously that they would  leave the country  if Trump won the presidency, including actor Bryan Cranston and controversial pop singer Miley Cyrus (photo, left), both of who are staunch Hillary Clinton supporters. The barrage of celebrity Clinton campaigners threatening to leave the US helped to propel this talking point nationwide and seems to fall neatly into line with the Clinton campaign s negative fear-based campaign strategy.According to online searches, the Canadian site went down just after 10:30 pm ET on Tuesday evening followed by a surge in traffic, presumably for information on emigrating north of the border.Other key states have shocked pollsters and media  experts  in this election including strong Trump performances in Michigan, Ohio, Florida, North Carolina and Arizona.Stay up to date with all the results on the Business Insider live-blog here SEE ALSO: How to move to Canada and become a Canadian citizenREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22393,VIDEO: US Elections: More Voter Fraud Emerges,"Establishment pundits were horrified when Donald Trump claimed that  the system is rigged,  and panicked when he wouldn t say whether or or he would respect the elections results if he lost. Like or not, the evidence shows that Trump is right. That s right: there is actual rampant voter fraud and election rigging in the United States.Watch this report by FOX News: SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22394,The Wahabi Vote: Poll Shows 68 percent of Saudis prefer Hillary Clinton,"21st Century Wire says Another key swing state has gone to Hillary. The feudal theocratic dictatorship who is funding and supporting ISIS and al Qaeda terrorists groups groups globally   has chosen their candidate  According to one WikiLeaks email, Clinton herself discussed how Gulf monarchies Saudi Arabia and Qatar are  providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL [Islamic State, IS, ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups. While this military/para-military operation is moving forward, we need to use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets to bring pressure on the governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region,  Clinton wrote. This effort will be enhanced by the stepped up commitment in the [Kurdish Regional Government]. The Qataris and Saudis will be put in a position of balancing policy between their ongoing competition to dominate the Sunni world and the consequences of serious U.S. pressure. So the Clinton Foundation has been knowingly accepting millions of dollars in donations from the very same Gulf states that both Secretary Clinton and President Obama knew were funding ISIS, Al Nusra Front (al Qaeda in Syria) and many other known takfiri terrorist fighting organizations currently infesting Syria and Iraq.No wonder Clinton plays so well with Saudi Arabia Al Arabiya An opinion poll by the Arab Center for Research and Policy Studies in Washington and that included nine Arab countries revealed that 68 percent of the Saudis prefer that Hillary Clinton wins the presidential elections while 46 percent thought Donald Trump was bad.The nine countries included Algeria, Egypt, Iraq, Kuwait, Morocco, Jordan, Palestine (the West Bank and the Gaza Strip), Saudi Arabia and Tunisia and an average of 400 people from each country participated in the questionnaire.Asked which of the candidates will positively influence the US policy towards the Arab region, 65 percent of the Saudis said Clinton s victory will positively impact the Arab region.The Arab public opinion prefers Clinton s win by 66 percent while 11 percent prefer Trump s victory. The highest percentage in support of Clinton winning the presidency was in Morocco and Tunisia while the least percentage in favor of Clinton s victory was in Palestine and Iraq. Meanwhile, the highest percentage in favor of Trump winning was in Iraq and Egypt Continue this story at Al ArabiyaREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2o16 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22395,Trump vs Clinton 2016: Mickey Mouse vs Cruella de Vil," Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireToday America will choose its next president. What can you say that hasn t already been said in this, the most over-analyzed political contest in history?No matter which side of this salacious Vaudeville ticket you are on, everyone will agree this has been the most raucous and divisive contest in electoral history. No matter who wins today, half the nation will be in pain, not least of all the Founding Fathers who have been rolling in their graves for the last 18 months.More than ever, America is a nation divided. An increasing number of people are now completely immersed in hyper-active social media environments, and so it s very easy to get caught up in one s respective partisan echo chambers;  our way is the best way,   our side is right,   the other side is bad for America,   we are the true party of the people  etc.  Many individuals simply will not  venture off of their assigned party or pseudo-ideological reservations, much less talk to anyone whose views seem to oppose theirs. In public, partisan Americans will only huddle with those who share the same team colors, and in private each flees to his or her prefabricated partisan media outlet or social  networking group. This virtual political matrix is now systematically divided in this way. There is nothing in between:  no middle ground, no real commons, and no respite from the onslaught of partisan media. Herein lies the fundamental problem in 2016 politics   and why the fall-out from this election will be ongoing long after the results are announced tomorrow morning.To make matters even worse, this election season has featured two highly flawed candidates in Donald J Trump and Hillary Clinton. Many commentators contend that these are the two worst US presidential candidates ever. Essentially it boils down to Mickey Mouse vs Cruella de Vil.Let s quickly profile the two candidates:Since the 1990 s the Clintons have been synonymous with one word: scandal. The 90 s was a dodgy decade for the First Family: Bill, Monica, Whitewater, the Arkancide epidemic, and selling White House s Lincoln Bedroom for 50 grand a night. Take your pick. None of this has helped Hillary in terms of public trust, where she s polling even lower than Donald Trump. On top of all the old Clinton baggage, you have two huge new scandals originating from her tenure as Obama s Secretary of State   including becoming the latest member of her family to lie under oath to Congress (way to go Bill), this time over Hillary s private email server cover-up, and multiple pay-to-play corruption allegations at the Clinton Foundation.As result, Hillary Clinton embodies the avatar of Cruella de Vil  Her campaign breaks down like this: Fighting for Woman and Children If you support Hillary Clinton then you believe your candidate represents the ascendency of the female species, and especially all women who have been held back by the cruel customs of an American patriarchal society. You also recognize her brand: Clinton. She s the wife of the 42nd President of the United States, Bill Clinton, which leads you directly into the second half of the campaign pitch:  She has the experience, having been around the White House for 8 years. Since the beginning of her first campaign in 2008, Clinton the woman was the main identifier and the primary reason why she should be president. Instead it was  the first black President,  so she had to wait 8 years. At the age of 69, she s past her prime, but she d still be the first woman president and therefore, we re told,  an inspiration to women everywhere  as the marketing slogan says. She is also the champion of all minorities, as well as the poor   which are also traditional Democratic Party staples, although the  poor point is hard to square, seeing that the Clinton s have amassed a net worth in the hundreds of millions in the short space of 15 years   primarily by monetizing their time in public office through enormous speaking fees and scraping off expenses and lifestyle extras from their billion dollar Foundation slush fund (a whole other scandal). Regardless, her supporters see her as their champion, rallying around a familiar set of leftwing social issues: inequality/redistribution of wealth, pro-choice/abortion, amnesty for undocumented/illegal immigrants, and man-made global warming/climate change.The novelty of Trump is like no other before him. At first, it could be explained like this: for some strange reason, it s a tradition in America that a certain number of people each year will cast a write-in vote for Mickey Mouse on their ballot. This is regarded as the ultimate protest vote   a vote for Mickey is a vote against the establishment. So it should be no surprise that when he arrived on the electoral scene in June 2015, his support base was already waiting for him   Trump was their 70 year old, 6 foot 3 inch, 236 lbs Mickey Mouse Trump s campaign breaks down like this: Make America Great Again If you support Trump, then you believe this is the story of a true underdog, the consummate outsider taking on the political elites   a man with absolutely no experience in political office (other than writing cheques for nearly all them), uncorrupted by corporate money (because he has his own) and shunned by the self-serving political and media establishment who have done nothing for the country s working class and rapidly disappearing middle class. While some of this is true, as a reality TV icon, a billionaire property magnate and career playboy, Trump is certainly no  man of the people  in the Horatio Alger sense. Despite all that, judging by most major polls, nearly half of the United States population is behind him. To them, he is their champion. He ll lower taxes and bring back the jobs from overseas, rebuild the military, and most importantly, he doesn t want any money from corporate lobbyists. When crowds chant,  Drain the swamp!  referring to Washington DC, he s the man they want to hire to do that job. Trump s response to them is simple:  I only work for one special interest group, and that s you the American people.  In this sense, Trump has run the most unconventional political campaign ever.Love him or loath him, that message resonates and for good reason. The door to the cess pit is now open and many are horrified at what they see. Through the incredible WikiLeaks Podesta Email trove, many Americans have been able to peek inside the rude, incestuous and outright nasty elite political scene that controls Washington DC. Clinton was hit pretty hard by the WikiLeaks revelations, as was the already shaky credibility of the Clinton Foundation. This exposed a lot of the corruption around her and the party. Also, ten days before the election FBI Director James Comey through a grenade into the Clinton juggernaut by announcing the FBI would reopen Hillary s email case because of data discovered through her chief aid Huma Abedin s estranged sex-pest husband Anthony Weiner. This put a timely dent into Clinton s lead. With the help of the US media though, she battled though it and emerged from that m l e.Although he faced much less in terms of real institutional corruption scandals, Trump did not fair as well in public relations terms as Clinton did. Part of the reason for this was that Trump and the establishment media are like chalk and cheese. He s too unconventional for the bland gatekeepers. One of the reasons media operatives hated Trump was because he could generate his own gravity, and this posed a direct challenge to state-oriented propaganda machines like CNN who are busy spoon-feeding their own artificial version of reality to the American people. So, after a brief primary honeymoon, the media (aside from FOX News) declared all-out war on Trump. With each passing week, he was hamstrung by an endless string of media traps, Twitter gaffes and internal campaign tedium. Dogged by the media and his opponents, Trump couldn t hold his tongue or stay off of Twitter, and so his retaliatory tirades turned into negative headlines. For intelligent pundits and moderate supporters, the constant gaffes and distractions made it almost impossible to consider Donald Trump as a serious candidate. To the casual observer, it would appear that The Donald was nothing but a stalking horse for Hillary.The same could be said for Democratic primary challenger Bernie Sanders (photo, left). Up until the moment he entered the contest in July 2015, party favorite Hillary Clinton was essentially running unopposed. It s almost as if Sanders was drafted into the race at the last minute in order to make it look like a real race, and then at an opportune moment   he would pledge his allegiance to the party favorite. That s exactly how it played out. Early on Sanders  chances were practically DOA because of the Democratic Party s pre-rigged  Super Delegate  system. Still, he fought on and pulled bigger crowds than Hillary. Then the real bomb dropped when it was revealed through the Democratic National Committee (DNC) email leaks how party chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Shultz along with party elites, conspired to railroad the Bernie Sanders campaign. That s right, Bernie was shot down by his own party in order to make way for Hillary s coronation. Not very democratic of the Democrats. Wasserman-Shultz even resigned as a result. Sanders didn t seem to mind (in public anyway) and voluntarily capitulated, and Hillary enjoyed a steady climb afterwards. From this we can deduce that the Clinton-Sanders contest was likely a contrived affair from the onset, although one WikiLeaks email shows that Sanders may even have been blackmailed into bowing down to Clinton. It seems that the DNC and Clinton never expected Sanders to capture the imagination of the nation s youth like he did, which also speaks volumes about the acute lack of enthusiasm for Clinton s White House run   even within her own party. Sanders was a rock star, Clinton was a pop star. That s a big difference in the eyes of millennials who place a lot of value on authenticity.Then came the debates. The first one broke all ratings records for a political debate with an estimated near 100 million total viewers. It was Gladiator meets Jerry Springer. Then the New York Times leaked some of Trump s tax returns and the media had a field day. Later in October, a barrage of bombshells would besiege the Trump campaign, one after another, ranging from allegations of groping on a first class flight in the 1980 s, to a porn star upset over Trump s manly advances   each of them suddenly appearing in the media right before the election to complain about being sexually harassed by Trump. After the first debate, a rather lurid, leaked off the record audio conversation from Access Hollywood in 2005 appeared which nearly upended his campaign, immediately followed by a new string of women coming forward with more allegations sexual abuse. This devastated Trump in the polls, and became the 24 hour obsession for Democratic Party-linked networks like CNN and MSNBC. Amazingly, every one of the accusers has since disappeared from the scene. The damage was done though, and this became the basis for the Clinton campaign, her TV ads and her surrogates  anti-Trump message.  Just like with Hillary s Podesta emails, it was non-stop media chaos. The attacks and counter attacks were many   too many to mention here.Somehow, he crawled out of that pit and rebounded in the polls.Trump was also being attacked in the media for proffering that the  system is rigged . In all seriousness, does anyone not believe this? Still, critics have called this  extremist  rhetoric from Trump. From a media standpoint however, America s democracy is rigged   and clearly in favor of the Democratic Party. WikiLeaks proved through the release of Clinton Campaign Chair John Podesta s emails   starting with the corruption between DNC acting chair Donna Brazile who cheated the debate process by passing questions from the network CNN   directly to Hillary Clinton. If that wasn t bad enough, it was later revealed how the DNC tried to provide CNN anchor Wolf Blizter with questions to ask Donald Trump, and how DNC staffers offered CNN s Jake Tapper questions to ask during another interview on the network. CNN s chief political correspondent Gloria Borger was also exposed as one of many so-called  journalists  in private contact with the Clinton campaign. The online journal Politico s editor Glenn Thrush was also caught stage-managing coverage with the Clinton campaign. As yet, none of these media operatives have been fired, or have resigned   which says a lot about the corrupt culture of the mainstream media in the United States today. There were many other incidents covered by WikiLeaks, too many to list here. Total collusion between the so-called  press  and the Democratic Party. So, yes, the system is rigged. This is no longer debatable, and the fact that the public now understand this should haunt media operative long after this election. When They Go Low, We Go High While this election may have been bad for the American people, it s been great for one groups of insiders: elite advertising agencies and the TV networks who sell ad space to the campaigns. The Clinton campaign combined with the pro-Clinton Super PACs spent upwards of $200 million on TV ads   the majority of which were negative ads characterizing her competitor as a racist xenophobic womanizing misogynist. By doing so, the Clinton campaign and the Democratic Party effectively made their pitch to voters as a referendum on political correctness. In other words,  we can t allow this disgusting human being to win this election.  The other big Clinton TV ad buy was,  We can t let Donald Trump get his hands on the nuclear codes.  This ad was based on the ridiculous premise that a US President could just walk into the Oval Office one day and start launching ICBM warheads around the world for no reason   a completely bogus thesis if there ever was one, but apparently the campaign thought the public was stupid enough to believe this fictional scenario.  As result of the all the negative campaigning, Clinton spent very little if any, substantial time speaking or debating the details of domestic issues and her chequered foreign policy record, particularly regarding the horrendous failures of Libya and Syria. Instead, on numerous occasions, especially during the debates, she would refer people to  my website    as if that s what people really wanted. Normally, people want to hear it from the candidates mouth, but the internet has offered a nice respite for politicians who prefer not to get tangled in discussing real issues in the flesh.It should be noted that from the beginning, the gender argument has been pervasive in all Clinton messaging, almost to the point of entitlement.  It s about time for woman to become president. We re going to make history with the first woman in the White House.  For many Americans, however, this message based purely on identity politics tends to push discussion of the candidate s  credentials and policies to the background. It is also used to fend of any criticism or inquiry into policy specifics. Not surprisingly, Clinton has mostly steered away from specifics or making any promises   unlike her predecessor Obama did when he promised everything imaginable for his first  100 Days  in order to attract votes  including closing the offshore eyesore, Guantanamo Bay Prison, and bringing the troops home from Iraq on his first day. None of this actually happened, which fuelled a lot of disenchantment and skepticism from younger voters this time around. Clinton s gender platform has also been augmented by a racial plank, and the campaign constantly reminds its supporters that blacks and other ethnic minorities should have common cause with women, inferring that their liberal cohorts have also been held back by the cruel customs of a white male-dominated, Anglo-Saxon patriarchal society. In 2016 Democrats have also reintroduced the topic of slavery as a major talking point, resulting in even more tension. Clinton s slogan is  Stronger Together, but one could argue that it s possible the Democratic Party s obsession with promoting identity politics has done more to foster new political and social divisions (and subdivisions), rather than to unite all of society under a common national identity. This is a debate which should happen, but few dare to challenge the political left on that issue. Some food for thought: a recent Rasmussen Poll concluded that race relations in the US have deteriorated under President Obama, the highest dissatisfaction mark since he was elected eight years ago   up 18 points since 2014. Why have  race relations  gone down hill? This poll result appeared for a reason, and it s probably not just because white America was upset they elected a black president in 2008, although this is what Democrats insist when you show them this particular poll. It could also be related to the caustic, relentless confrontational identity politics agenda being pushed by  agents of change  in the new radical left. Or maybe it simply reflects a fundamental failure of a political leadership which only panders to its own side of the aisle   and shuns the other. America will remain divided unless both Democrats and Republicans,  liberals  and  conservatives  can figure one how to overcome this flaw.Although Bill might be his wife s greatest asset, he is also her biggest Achilles heal. Hillary has built her entire political career on the back her two-term husband   with the former First Lady slipping seamlessly into brand Clinton and a ready-made political legacy. After Hillary unleashed the misogynist card on Trump, Bill soon came under fire over his own sordid history of sexual deviance. After that, Bill was used sparingly in pubic. Instead, the Clinton camp relied heavily on the White House to do its campaigning for them. As a result, the First Lady, Michelle Obama and the President did many of the big campaign stops in Hillary s absence. Collectively, it seemed as if Hillary s VIP surrogates did more campaigning than she did herself. Multimillionaire celebrity surrogates lined up to stump for Hillary, including Katie Perry (image, above), Bruce Springsteen, Bon Jovi, Robert DeNiro, Jennifer Lopez, Madonna, Leonardo DiCaprio, Lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus, Jay Z, Beyonce and even LeBron James.Looking cool with the kids. So Clinton is being backed by the billionaire Hollywood entertainment wing of the Establishment.Even with all of that celebrity power though, Trump still attracted vastly bigger crowds on his own. But how? Why would a minimum of 15,000 at every stop turn out just for Trump?With more than a touch of irony, the one person who articulated this phenomenon better than anyone else was a radical left-wing icon, filmmaker Michael Moore. He recently filmed a one man show entitled TrumpLand where Moore s said this: I know a lot of people in Michigan that are planning to vote for Trump and they don t necessarily like him that much, and they don t necessarily agree with him. They re not racist or rednecks, they re actually pretty decent people, and so after talking to a number of them I wanted to write this:Donald Trump came to the Detroit Economic Club and stood there in front of Ford Motor executives and said,  if you close these factories as you re planning to do in Detroit and build them in Mexico, I m going to put a 35% tariff on those cars when you send them back and nobody s going to buy them.  It was an amazing thing to see. No politician, Republican or Democrat, had ever said anything like that to these executives, and it was music to the ears of people in Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and Wisconsin   the  Brexit  states. You live here in Ohio, you know what I m talking about. Whether Trump means it or not, is kind of irrelevant because he s saying the things to people who are hurting, and that s why every beaten-down, nameless, forgotten working stiff who used to be part of what was called the middle class loves Trump. He is the human molotov cocktail that they ve been waiting for. The human hand grande that they can legally throw into the system that stole their lives from them.And on November 8, Election Day, although they lost their jobs, although they ve been foreclosed on by the bank, and next came the divorce and now the wife and kids are gone, the car s been repoed, they haven t had a real vacation in years, they re stuck with the shitty Obamacare Bronze Plan where you can t even get a fucking percocet. They ve essentially lost everything they had, except one thing   the one thing that doesn t cost them a cent, and is guaranteed to them by the American constitution: the right to vote. They might be penniless, they might be homeless, they might be fucked over and fucked up it doesn t matter, because it s equalized on that day   a millionaire has the same number of votes as the person without a job: one. And there s more of the former middle class than there are in the millionaire class.So on November 8, the dispossessed will walk into the voting booth, be handed a ballot, close the curtain, and take that lever or felt pen or touchscreen and put a big fucking X in the box by the name of the man who has threatened to upend and overturn the very system that has ruined their lives: Donald J. Trump. They see that the elite who ruined their lives hate Trump. Corporate America hates Trump. Wall Street hates Trump. The career politicians hate Trump. The media hates Trump, after they loved him and created him, and now hate. Yes, on November 8, you Joe Blow, Steve Blow, Bob Blow, Billy Blow, all the Blows get to go and blow up the whole goddamn system because it s your right. Trump s election is going to be the biggest fuck ever recorded in human history and it will feel good. Reading that, you can t help but feel that Moore has some real anger issues. Nonetheless, he inadvertently delivered the best pro-Trump speech of the election.For many, including Michael Moore, Trump might not be the ideal vehicle for such a profound movement, and yet, he is that vehicle.Granted, half of the American population have been conditioned to hate Trump for various reasons. But many of them are missing the key point in the Trump story, just like they did in the Sanders story. Trump offered millions of voters something profound: the idea that even in today s insulated political fortress that is Washington DC, anything is still possible in American politics   where an outsider can come in and shake up a stale and corrupt ruling class.This concept should not be underestimated. It s a fundamental tenet of the American culture. As flawed an individual as he might be   at this moment in time, Donald Trump is the avatar who embodies this idea of opportunity and hope.In today s political reality show and infotainment media environment, timing is everything and America loves a comeback. Trump s late October surge in the polls certainly reflected that public sentiment and overall enthusiasm. Trump has flown more miles and visited more cities than any other presidential candidate in memory   so he s not leaving much on the table in terms of energy. Will this translate into votes in key swing states? We ll see Sure, when it all started, Donald Trump was Mickey Mouse, but somewhere along the way, the novelty has transformed into a bona fide movement. The fact that Trump, a candidate with zero political experience, bested a total of 16 other GOP primary candidates   all of whom were seasoned, career politicians   revealed just how profoundly unpopular establishment party stalwarts are with the general electorate. No amount of TV advertising can gloss over this realty. What began as a  protest vote  for so many who no longer trust or feel any affinity with elite politicians, has since morphed into a powerful mandate for change.Trump s victory during the GOP primaries was also historic   it signalled an outright rejection of the party establishment, of the constant banal Republican bickering over who is the  most conservative,  and the traditional construct of the polished politician. Trump smashed all of this. He has done exactly as Reagan did in the 1980 s   he pole vaulted over a stiff, entrenched establishment   and took his message directly to the people.On the Democratic Party slate, the exact same phenomenon unfolded, with candidate Bernie Sanders gathering tens of millions of anti-establishment and anti-war voters in the 12 months preceding the Democratic Party Convention. In modern media terms Sanders couldn t be any less appealing   with his unkept hair, the dandruff flaking off of the shoulders of his dodgy suit coats, and a semi-hunchback look. His supporters couldn t care less. The legions of college aged students didn t seem to care about the looks or the lack of Clintonesque cleverly scripted sound bites. Sanders could rattle off facts and issues without a teleprompter, and he did it with genuine conviction   something Clinton still struggles with. Regarding the wars, as Sanders rightly pointed out, unlike Hillary Clinton, he voted against the Iraq War in 2003. This also resonated with the grassroots base. Additionally, unlike his opponent, Sanders was not pandering to Wall Street and accepting large sums of money from elite financial interests.To his base, Sanders was the real deal   and for the same reasons that Trump s base is still behind him. The political and media establishment have gone to great lengths to conceal this reality, but in doing so they are only delaying their eventual demise.This is a long tail trend which is not going to reverse itself, and it s not confined to the US either   it s international. We saw this to some extent with the BREXIT vote this past summer which defied the political media establishment s version of consensus reality. Political stalwarts and generational glad-handers will try their hardest to ignore it, but it s a clear public mandate   away from the carefully controlled establishment model of politics. Last year in Britain, millions of voters shunned the Labour Party establishment and mainstream media favorites, and instead threw massive support behind the current Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. Like Sanders, Corbyn is not a media poster boy. Before this year, you d have been hard-pressed to spot the aging Corbyn clean-shaven, or wearing a suit, much less a tie. This political shift confounded all of the  experts  and has triggered a tectonic shift in the Labour Party itself, as acolytes and devotees of former Prime Minister Tony Blair have all but thrown their toys out of their prams over the Corbyn issue. Like with Sanders, the people gathered in droves behind a brazenly anti-establishment and antiwar leader who was cast aside by the party establishment and media operatives.In Italy, a similar populist movement is well under way with the Five Star Movement, originally launched in 2011 by Italian comedian and entertainer Beppe Grillo. Five Star are now in Parliament. The term  Five Star  symbolizes five key issues for the party: public water, sustainable transport, sustainable development, right to internet access, and environmentalism. Similarly, Spain has recently seen the world s first crowd-funded political party with Podemos (translated  We Can ). This is the future.As far as the lesser of two evils is concerned, the corruption issue weighs heavier with Clinton. While Trump s scandals derive from his private and business life, Clinton s scandals are from her time in public office, and involve current and past Democratic political operatives and appointees   and so they deserve more scrutiny and accountability as they were done on taxpayer time, and bound by supposed strict codes of conduct. In stead, the media has worked hard to equate various mini-scandals from Trump with the mega-scandals of the Clintons when clearly these are two different things. Sp far, Clinton seems to have been able to remain above the law   which has done a lot to fuel resentment against her, the White House and a highly politicized Department of Justice..On paper, America has a stark choice. Donald Trump seems to be an anti-globalist, anti-TPP, free market oriented, populist nationalist. Hillary Clinton seems to represent  equality for all,  but more than that she represents the status quo, a continuation of Barack Obama and his failing Obamacare legacy, an establishment elitist globalist agenda with a radical leftist bent.But how much will either candidate s presidency actually resemble their campaigns?If Clinton wins you can expect a huge celebrity-studded Gala Ball in Washington DC, followed by 18 months of Congressional hearings, indictments, impeach hearings and general gridlock. Expect the usual cast of suspects in her Cabinet, surrounded by all the usual insiders. Expect Bill to be named Hillary s  Economic Tsar.  In the Democratic tradition, Hillary will raise taxes and increase spending. This is why Wall Street loves Clinton (and why she accepts their money), because like with Obama, Clinton s Washington will certainly sink further into debt   and Wall Street profits from this debt. Also, expect the Clintons  net worth to sky rocket. Still, with so many scandals already on the boiler, it will get ugly, and it will stay ugly. There will be gridlock well into 2020. Like Obama did with the issue of  race,  Clinton will certainly make gender the defining issue of her presidency, as well as continue hammering home the idea that America has a  race  problem. The culture wars will continue and America will become a cultural Marxist battleground. Hillary Clinton s America will be a sectarian America. So expect those Rasmussen numbers to continue on their present trajectory. Expect Trump supporters to call foul on  vote rigging  too.There will be some vote rigging, as there has been in many US elections. Just this past week, there have been multiple cases of voter fraud in the US (and these are only the cases where people have actually been caught). . With Hillary, sooner than later, you can also expect an escalation of rhetoric and ill-informed talk of  No Fly Zones  in Syria and military a confrontation with Russia, and possibly even Iran. Lots of wars and proxy wars. This is why the Neocons love Hillary.If Trumps wins, the mainstream media will be in a state of shock, followed by a state of panic, followed by a state of chaos. Sure, Trump may wish to unite America, but this is a near insurmountable task now after 8 years of Sharpton-Obama political agitation and other artificial divisions constructed through hundreds of  progressive  front organizations funded by social engineers like billionaire George Soros. If Trump wins, expect the likes of Soros and MoveOn.org to unleash wave after wave of flash mobs, who will protest, riot, smash and burn their way on to CNN s 24 hour news rotation. Expect Occupy 2.0, and #BlackLivesMatter to rage. You can also be certain that Clinton, the Democrats and their media operatives at CNN, MSNBC and others, will blame Vladimir Putin and the Russians for hacking the US election in favor of Trump. Although Trump may cut taxes, like Reagan he will likely balloon federal spending. It is also unlikely Trump will make any significant dent in the national debt which is currently hovering around $10 trillion. However, with Trump, there is a chance to de-escalate the aggressive posturing this current White House and Hillary Clinton have take against Russia. This would be an important benefit of a Trump presidency   a chance for a positive relationship between the US and Russia.Regardless of which person wins, expect FBI director Jim Comey to resign after this election.Expect both candidates to prosecute their  war on ISIS , their  war on poverty , their  war on drugs  and their  war on domestic extremism. The election result is only the beginning. The real battle will take place afterwards.Expect a heavily divided and half bitter nation.Expect serious political party alternatives to emerge, building on the mild successes of the Libertarian and Green parties.Tomorrow, history will be made by either the outsider Trump, or the insider Clinton.When you re talking about the outsiders though, whether it s Trump, Sanders, Corbyn or Grillo, no matter how pious or forthright, they will ultimately get caught in the gears of government, with all its trappings of nepotism and institutional corruption. The outsider eventually becomes the insider. Resisting that pressure is the age-old challenge to any reformer.If there s one lesson to be learned by this year s US presidential race, it s certainly an old lesson by now. Depending on what your view of communism is, Karl Marx is either a villain or a hero of social engineering, but he left us some interesting quotes. Marx did get one thing right when he said,  Elections give the people the right every few years to choose which member of the ruling class will misrepresent them.  It s still true today.Or as someone once said,  No matter who you vote for the government always gets in. We ll see which government gets in tomorrow.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22396,"Hillary Clinton Survives Another FBI Pantomime, 650,000 Emails Investigated in 691,000 Seconds"," Claire Bernish Free Thought ProjectIn no surprise to anyone paying even marginal attention, the FBI s clearing Hillary Clinton of wrongdoing in its briefly reopened investigation   however, the time it took the agency to reach this conclusion is not only bereft of logic and reason, it constitutes the most hubristic of insults to the public s intelligence.In just 691,000 seconds from announcement to conclusion, FBI Director James Comey wants you to believe that agents thoroughly examined over 650,000 emails newly  discovered  on Anthony Weiner s computer   including any threads resulting, as well as all attachments   before deciding Clinton innocent of wrongdoing.We, the people of this planet, are just not that stupid   nor are we even mildly amused by this farcical bullshit passed off as a credible investigation.Indeed, the lightning pace of this putative second investigation not only boggles the mind, it forces uneasy questions concerning the true motivation and apparent exceeding necessity to ensure Hillary Clinton walks away scott-free amid rapidly mushrooming evidence of flagrant corruption and mendacious collusion.Just a cursory comparison of two investigations shows such marked differences it would be impossible not to question legitimacy of the FBI s findings.In the summer of 2015, the FBI commenced its first probe into the former secretary of state s use of a private email server during her tenure in office, after John Giacalone   then Director of the National Security Branch   met with Comey to voice concerns emanating from the Intelligence community about classified information possibly handled carelessly.For nearly a full year   365 days, or 31,536,000 seconds   a sizable task force of FBI agents pored over an enormous cache, first comprising of 30,000 emails, but later totaling 44,900 after additional documents not originally handed over by the Clinton camp to the State Department were discovered.This means   rounding off the rough estimate of one year   the Bureau combed an average of just over 123 documents every day.While that might seem to be manageable with a slew of investigators on the job, a basic comparison of the two probes proves the literal inanity of the reopened investigation.Later in the day on October 28, Comey announced the commencement of the secondary probe   albeit to the consternation of current and former officials who felt his telling Congress broke a number of investigatory guidelines, including possibly influencing the outcome of the presidential race.According to Comey, an additional 650,000 documents located on the computer of Clinton aide Huma Abedin s now-disgraced and estranged husband Anthony Weiner deserved careful scrutiny for pertinence and relevance to the original investigation of the Democratic nominee.Public and official speculation predicted a months- or years-long investigation, even with substantial manpower dedicated to the task.But on Sunday, November 6, in yet another shocker of an announcement from the FBI director, Comey inexplicably declared nothing of relevance to the Clinton investigation    no new conclusions    had been revealed in its secondary probe.This means   again rounding for brevity to eight days the total length of the investigation   FBI agents inspected some 81,250 documents each day.Granted, both estimates have been averaged and roughened, but only for comparison s sake   and that contrast doesn t survive the scantiest litmus test of believability.Not at all.Before the nay-sayers jump in with a there s no comparison deflection, consider the following points.Although an algorithm or program combing those documents might indeed retrieve subjects of interest to investigators   keywords, germane subjects, accordant people s names, and the like   in no way would such technological gatekeepers reveal subtle nuance as has been displayed in emails published by Wikileaks from Hillary Clinton, campaign chair John Podesta, and the Democratic National Committee.Such fine gradations of meaning, naturally found in the English language but also purposefully employed to throw off investigators and interlopers, could not possibly be revealed by artificial means   at least not that quickly and particularly not with currently-available technologies.Still not convinced?Consider that if such technology did indeed exist to that discerning level of scrutiny in our heightened and overarching surveillance and police states, no criminal would ever roam free.Law enforcement departments and the National Security Agency together have amassed astonishingly voluminous data sets on every person in this country, including through emails and online activities. A technology advanced enough to comb for subtleties in language would hone in on criminal behavior and activity with incredible frequency.And while NSA programs have been revealed to hunt for keywords, there are limits to its effectiveness   no terrorist plot has yet been halted in progress because the intelligence to discover it hasn t yet solidified to that point.Technology experts immediately weighed in claiming such technology does indeed exist, is frequently employed, and can do the job perfectly in a mere eight days  no worries...Continue reading at Free Thought Project***SEE ALSO: Hillary s Russian Hack Hoax: The Biggest Lie of this Election SeasonREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22397,WARNING: Don’t Worry If the Stock Market Goes Crazy After Election," BloombergIn the hours after the president is elected, equity investors need to brace for volatility. What they shouldn t do is panic.That s because regardless of how prices react on Nov. 9, next-day moves in the S&P 500 Index are useless in telling what comes after.While the index swings an average 1.5 percent the day after the vote, gains or losses over the first 24 hours predict the market s direction 12 months later less than half the time.This matters because the compulsion to act in the vote s aftermath is often very strong   stocks swing twice as violently as normal those days, data compiled by Bloomberg show. They plummeted 5 percent just after Barack Obama beat John McCain in 2008. But while nothing says Wednesday s reaction won t be a harbinger for the year, nothing says it will, either, and investors should think before doing anything rash.  Trying to trade that is very difficult,  said Thomas Melcher, the Philadelphia-based chief investment officer at PNC Asset Management Group.  Even if the market sells off, if you have any reasonable time horizon, that should be a buying opportunity. The dust will settle and people will conclude the economy is OK. In the 22 elections going back to 1928, the S&P 500 has fallen 15 times the day after polls close, for an average loss of 1.8 percent Continue this story at BloombergREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22398,Hacking Electronic Voting Machines is Easy," 21st Century Wire says It s the big dirty secret that neither political party in the US wants to seriously discuss   because they both use these very systems to fix elections. How easy is it to rig an election with electronic voting machines? Watch as Princeton computer scientists Ariel J. Feldman, J. Alex Halderman successfully hack a Diebold (now Premier) electronic voting machine. They did this research as graduate students working with Edward W. Felten. Watch:  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22399,SUNDAY SCREENING: ‘The Clinton Chronicles’ (1994),"21st Century Wire says Our weekly documentary film, curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE.This film documents a series of early scandals and state corruption surrounding Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton. The film came under heavy criticism in the US media at the time, with Democratic Party officials and mainstream media labelling it as a  partisan hit piece.  While Clinton proponents and critics of this film maintain that it s part of a  vast right-wing conspiracy, this film produced by Citizens for Honest Government does cover actual events which took place in and around Arkansas during the Clinton s reign as Governor there, and contains numerous facts and revelations regarding those events   including a massive cocaine smuggling operation into Mena, Arkansas under the watch of the Clinton governorship. Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35mG57pUy80 . Run time: 1 hr 41 min Director: Patrick Matrisciana Producer: Patrick Matrisciana Released: 1994SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERE  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22400,"Episode #159 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Tick-Tock USA’ with guests Dr Marcus Papadopoulos, Basil Valentine"," Episode #159 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this November 6, 2016 as host Patrick Henningsen brings a 3 HOURS special broadcast of LIVE power-packed talk radio on ACR LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:SUNDAYS   5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US)This week s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is on the road broadcasting LIVE from the Valley of the Sun. This week host Patrick Henningsen covers this week s top stories in the US and internationally. In the first hour we re joined by a very special guest, Dr Marcus Papadopoulos, founder & editor of UK-based publication Politics First to discuss the US Elections and an evaluation of Trump vs Clinton from an international and foreign policy perspective looking at big bigs like US-NATO and Russian relations as well as the Syrian situation, as well as get his take on the spiralling BREXIT issue currently gripping Great Britain. In the final hour of overdrive, we ll be rejoined by our esoteric bookmaker, Basil Valentine, for final thoughts on the US Elections, new odds, more voter fraud reports, and and time permitting, some more fun with the #HillaryBettingPool.SHOUT POLL: Which of these two US oligarch families is more corrupt (and why)?  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world  *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Listen to  Sunday Wire EP #159    Tick-Tock USA  with guests Dr Marcus Papadopoulos, Basil Valentine  on Spreaker.Direct Download the Most Recent Episode// <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt;Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives   ",0
22401,Prof Michel Chossudovsky discusses Hillary Clinton’s foreign policy & emerging nuclear risks," 21st Century Wire says Amid great mainstream media and Democratic Party fanfare, Hillary Clinton s candidacy has been based on a claim she is  most experienced  candidate in history, and highlighting her foreign policy record in particular. What would a Clinton foreign policy really look like? On Episode #158 of the SUNDAY WIRE, host Patrick Henningsen spoke with a special guest, Professor Michel Chossudovsky, founder & editor of www.globalresearch.ca about  Hillary s hawks  and what a Clinton presidency will look like in terms of US-backed wars around the globe, as well as Washington s current fetish with  sustainable  nuclear conflicts.Listen to this excellent discussion:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/291631622  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /] . See more of Michel s recent book,  The Globalization of War: America s Long War Against Humanity. READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22402,"It’s More Likely That a US Insider, Not Russia, Can Rig a US Presidential Election"," By Vin ArmaniHillary Clinton continues to blame Russia for the email leak   even though it doesn t matter who leaked the damning emails if they are true.Now she s hinting that Russia can hack and rig the election in favor of Donald Trump. Putin laughs at her. WikiLeaks proves she [and the Democratic Party] worked to rig the primary against Bernie Sanders. And a 2006 tape catches her revealing her intention to rig elections. Vin Armani explains the irony. Watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqIh1WLvPcw . Vin Armani is the host of The Vin Armani Show on Activist Post, TV Star of Gigolos on Showtime, Author, DJ, and Agorist Entrepreneur. Follow Vin on Twitter and subscribe on YouTube.  READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22403,Pilger Interview: Julian Assange Lifts the Veil on Hillary Clinton and the Globalist Conspiracy,"21st Century Wire says Today, RT International released a 24 min segment from a stunning interview with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, conducted by award-winning Australian journalist and filmmaker John Pilger.In his recent piece entitled, Why Hillary Clinton is Responsible for US Failures in Libya and Syria, 21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen notes the true significance of Clinton s role in fomenting geopolitical uncrest during her term as US Secretary of State:   Hillary Clinton is the architect of US foreign policy failures in Libya and Syria.  We ve heard this statement made a lot over this US election cycle, but exactly how much truth is there to it? After researching this issue, not only is it true, it s an understatement. She wasn t just an architect, she was a chief instigator. Filmed at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, this exclusive piece reveals many of the inner workings of the Hillary Clinton campaign, the Clinton Foundation, her tenure as Secretary of State, the Obama White House and a summary of the Podesta emails. This is a must watch: This interview was provided to RT by John Pilger Special, courtesy of Dartmouth Films.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22404,Why Hillary Clinton is Responsible for US Failures in Libya and Syria,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century Wire Hillary Clinton is the architect of US foreign policy failures in Libya and Syria.   We ve heard that statement many times over the course of this US election cycle, but exactly how much truth is there to it? After researching this issue, one quickly learns that it s not only true, it s an understatement. She wasn t just an architect, she was a chief instigator. Clinton s main source of resume credibility is her tenure as US Secretary of State from January 21, 2009 to February 1, 2013. During that time, Clinton resided over the planning and conception of two devastating conflicts, Libya and Syria. These two disasters will ultimately define both the Obama and Clinton legacies, and not for the reasons one might think. I would like to stress that the case being made here is not a political one, it is a moral and ethical inquiry into the actions and conduct of a public official.Before we get into Libya, which itself is a detailed and grave tale of nation building gone wrong, let s look closely at Syria   a conflict (not a Civil War) which has been dominating the international conversation for the last 4 years, but even more intensely in the last 18 months. Thus far, the results of US policy are abominable.What ownership does Clinton have over today s Syria? Today, the conflict is still being fuelled by tens of thousands of US and Gulf-backed militants, mostly of foreign origin, who comprise multiple Takfiri terrorist groups which the US insist calling  rebels.  This conclave includes the Islamic State (ISIS/Daesh), Al Nusra Front (al Qaeda in Syria), Arar al Sham, Nour al-din al-Zenki, Jaish al-Fatah (The Army of Conquest), along with many others. These armed groups are occupying strategic civilian areas throughout Syria, and it is a statement of fact that these terrorists are using civilian populations as human shields.A US-led  Coalition  is currently flying over Syria and Iraq, supposedly  fighting ISIS,  but is also coming dangerously close to conflict with both the Syrian and Russian militaries.Although this situation is now way beyond the pale, there was a time back in 2012 when a genuine diplomatic intervention could have helped to alter a fatal course of events.Hillary Clinton played a crucial role in initiating the current disaster.During a presidential primary debate in Milwaukee in February 2016, Clinton was quick to boast about her many  achievements  as Secretary of State, especially in Syria: You know, the Security Council finally got around to adopting a resolution. At the core of that resolution is an agreement I negotiated in June of 2012 in Geneva, which set forth a cease-fire and moving toward a political resolution, trying to bring the parties at stake in Syria together. It s a nice statement, but like so many of Clinton s policy eulogies, it has no basis in reality.Jeffrey Sachs, director of the Center for Sustainable Development Solutions, sets Clinton straight explaining, In 2012, Clinton was the obstacle, not the solution, to a ceasefire being negotiated by UN Special Envoy Kofi Annan. It was US intransigence   Clinton s intransigence   that led to the failure of Annan s peace efforts in the spring of 2012, a point well-known among diplomats. Despite Clinton s insinuation in the Milwaukee debate, there was (of course) no 2012 ceasefire, only escalating carnage. Clinton bears heavy responsibility for that carnage, which has by now displaced more than 10 million Syrians and left more than 250,000 dead. Clinton s job, like most US diplomats, was to uphold the public facade that Washington is engaging in its usual list of honorable pursuits like cease fires,  peace plans  and protecting human rights   while simultaneously helping to advance a covert agenda that achieves the exact opposite: destabilization, escalation of violence, flooding the region with weapons, and of course, working to overthrow the government of Syria. We want to pay special attention to the weapons trafficking part. Clinton was pivotal   not only in coordinating with the Gulf states, but also giving political legitimacy to arming the  moderate rebels  (now commonly recognized as terrorists).Although the initial effort to fuel the armed insurgency in Syria was organized through Libya under the office of Secretary Clinton (which we ll demonstrate below), later efforts were formalized through a series of large weapons shipments out of NATO countries like Croatia, and then through other US-sanctioned covert smuggling projects like Operation Timber Sycamore, where the CIA, with the approval of President Obama, organized weapons shipments into Syria via Turkey and Jordan, but with Saudi Arabia footing the bill for that clandestine operation. The New York Times confirmed certain details of this in January 2016: American officials have not disclosed the amount of the Saudi contribution, which is by far the largest from another nation to the program to arm the rebels against President Bashar al-Assad s military. But estimates have put the total cost of the arming and training effort at several billion dollars. Perhaps the most important aspect of this story is this: it is absolutely illegal under International Law for foreign nations to conspire and trafficking arms into a country with the intent to overthrow the government of a nation-state.Now that might be a cause for concern for those wanting to recognize the international rule of law, but the United States, the Obama and Clinton regime has done this without any compunction at all. History shows however, that such overt flouting of international law places the entire basis of the Geneva Conventions and the United Nations at risk. Beyond this, it is also a running violation of US law in terms of providing material support (weapons, cash, supplies, intelligence and logistical support, and even political backing) to internationally recognized terrorist organizations. On those two points alone, Hillary Clinton should be not only disqualified for public office in the US, but should also face another criminal indictment for her role, along with every other US public official involved in sanctioning these operations, including Barack Obama, Senator John McCain, and a number of other US officials like Mike Rogers, former Republican Congressman from Michigan and chairman of the House Intelligence Committee when Timber Sycamore began.  FRIENDS OF SYRIA  : Secretary Clinton with Saudi and Qatari government officials in 2012, conspiring to destroy Syria.From 2011, Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton was effectively the public-facing CEO of the cynically titled,  Friends of Syria.  This was essentially a lobbying tour, bringing together NATO members, the Arab League and the  Syrian Opposition  all together to promote a policy of regime change for Syria. In reality, it was really a vehicle for raising money and planning for war. Here Clinton was flanked by her Saudi Arabian and Qatari donors to the Clinton Foundation, along with then UK Foreign Secretary William Hague, Turkey s prime minister, Recep Tayip Erdogan, a hand-picked puppet government-in-exile called the  Syrian National Council,  and other  stakeholders    all vying for a piece of Syria.Behind the pomp and circumstance, however, all parties were openly conspiring to arm militants for the purpose of upending the government in Damascus. Clinton effectively steered this process throughout her time in the cabinet   a destructive process which has led to the bloodbath we see today. To any rational observer, the whole enterprise would be viewed as a failure; in terms of human loss, the refugee crisis, sectarian violence, and breeding terrorism for the next 30 or 40 years   and yet, somehow Hillary Clinton is counting this as one of her  achievements.  Here, Sachs offers an accurate take on Clinton s abysmal legacy in Syria: .. she joined Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and right-wing Israelis to try to isolate, even defeat, Iran. In 2010, she supported secret negotiations between Israel and Syria to attempt to wrest Syria from Iran s influence. Those talks failed. Then the CIA and Clinton pressed successfully for Plan B: to overthrow Assad.When the unrest of the Arab Spring broke out in early 2011, the CIA and the anti-Iran front of Israel, Saudi Arabia, and Turkey saw an opportunity to topple Assad quickly and thereby to gain a geopolitical victory. Clinton became the leading proponent of the CIA-led effort at Syrian regime change.In early 2011, Turkey and Saudi Arabia leveraged local protests against Assad to try to foment conditions for his ouster. By the spring of 2011, the CIA and the US allies were organizing an armed insurrection against the regime. On August 18, 2011, the US Government made public its position:  Assad must go. Since then and until the recent fragile UN Security Council accord, the US has refused to agree to any ceasefire unless Assad is first deposed. The US policy under Clinton and until recently has been: regime change first, ceasefire after. After all, it s only Syrians who are dying. Annan s peace efforts were sunk by the United States  unbending insistence that U.S.-led regime change must precede or at least accompany a ceasefire. As the Nation editors put it in August 2012:The US demand that Assad be removed and sanctions be imposed before negotiations could seriously begin, along with the refusal to include Iran in the process, doomed [Annan s] mission.Despite the billions spent on arming and training  rebels , the millions of refugees and the hundreds of thousands dead   Assad did not  go  as per the grand plan.Things continue to go septic. A recently released WikiLeaks email from a 2014 exchange between Clinton campaign chair, then White House advisor to President Obama, John Podesta, where the pair openly discuss common knowledge that the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding ISIS terrorists. While this military/para-military operation is moving forward, we need to use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets to bring pressure on the governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region,  Clinton wrote. This effort will be enhanced by the stepped up commitment in the [Kurdish Regional Government]. The Qataris and Saudis will be put in a position of balancing policy between their ongoing competition to dominate the Sunni world and the consequences of serious U.S. pressure. In his recent interview with Pulitzer Prize winning journalist and filmmaker John Pilger, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange explains an unsettling criminal connection between Clinton and her family foundation: All serious analysts know, and even the US government has agreed, that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIS and funding ISIS, but the dodge has always been that it is some  rogue  princes using their oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. But that email says that it is the government of Saudi Arabia, and the government of Qatar that have been funding ISIS. Aside from verifying what many already suspected, this proves that the Clinton Foundation knowingly accepted millions of dollars in  charitable  donations from the same Gulf states which both Secretary Clinton and President Obama knew were funding ISIS, Al Nusra Front (al Qaeda in Syria), and the rest.Taken as a whole, this represents a level of corruption that would preclude anyone from running for office, let alone the US Presidency and yet, this issue receives very little airtime in the US. The reason for this is simple: both Democrats and Republicans are up to their neck in Washington s Dirty War on Syria. Illegal Gun-running Out of Benghazi, LibyaWhen the initial Benghazi story broke in the US, the media and the Republican politicians focused almost exclusively on the US casualties during militant raids on a CIA annex and makeshift US embassy in Benghazi. Four men died on September 11th and 12th, 2012   U.S. Ambassador to Libya J. Christopher Stevens, U.S. Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith, and CIA contractors Tyrone S. Woods and Glen Doherty. Ten others were wounded in the fighting.During the aftermath, US media and GOP opposition made the story all about Hillary Clinton and the White House s  failure  to send reinforcements which they argue could have  saved American lives.   While this may have been true, it ignores the real story. This diversion was done in order to steer the narrative away from the bipartisan effort to traffic massive amounts of illegal weapons from Libya, and into the hands of US-NATO and Gulf-backed  rebels  in Syria.We now know that Clinton s diplomat Christopher Stevens was providing diplomatic cover for a CIA operation to transfer ex-Libyan military weapons stocks over to Syria. Many islamist fighters who fought with NATO to bring down Gaddafi in 2011 were later transferred from Libya to Syria to fight against the Syrian government.Still, despite all of this the collapse of Washington s puppet government the National Transitional Council (NTC), and Libya rapidly descending into a failed state, and the emergence of a new ISIS beach head there   Clinton s inner circle remained clueless and only seem to be concerned with promoting  HRC  credentials in advance of her presidential run. Gateway Pundit adds: Hillary s team provides Clinton credit for her many actions that led to Qadhafi s toppling in Libya including, but not limited to: suspending the operations of the Libyan embassy in Washington; evacuating US embassy personnel in Tripoli and closing the embassy there; obtaining sanctions against Qadhafi and his family; working to suspend Libya from the Human Rights Council; appointing Special Envoy Chris Stevens to be the U.S. representative to Benghazi; engaging with UAE, Qatar, and Jordan to seek their participation in coalition operations; holding meetings with House Democrats and Senate Republicans to persuade them not to de-fund the Libya operation; and lastly, it was noted that Hillary worked to construct a $1.5 billion assets package to the National Transitional Council or NTC. Hillary saw this email sent to her from Cheryl Mills because as noted at WikiLeaks she asked for it to be printed in a subsequent email to a colleague. This email proves that Clinton s team created a list to show her responsibility for being the architect behind the overthrow of Qadhafi in Libya and the subsequent horror as a result. It is now known that the NTC in Libya is no longer in charge but it is unknown what happened to the $1.5 billion Hillary pushed to prop up this group. Here is the email via Scribd:NeoCon BedfellowsWith all the hysterical rhetoric by Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party this year about  Russia Hacking the US Elections,  it should be pointed out that Clinton s State Department engineered a complete overthrow of a foreign government in Ukraine.There is also the case of the foul-mouthed Victoria Nuland (photo, left), Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs   appointed by Clinton and charged with organizing Washington s 2014 coup d etat in Kiev.Clinton s appointee Nuland absolutely key in destabilizing the Ukraine, a move which effectively ruined US-Russian relations, leading us right up to the present geopolitical confrontation over Syria.During the m l e Nuland was also caught on tape with US Ambassador Geoffrey Pyatt, discussing which hand-pick Washington-approved people would be filling which positions in their new unelected junta government, including the office of Prime Minister. Listen to this stunning call: Award-winning journalist Robert Parry adds,  The fact is that Clinton has generally marched in lock step with the neocons as they have implemented an aggressive  regime change  strategy against governments and political movements that don t toe Washington s line or that deviate from Israel s goals in the Middle East. So she has backed coups, such as in Honduras (2009) and Ukraine (2014); invasions, such as Iraq (2003) and Libya (2011); and subversions such as Syria (from 2011 to the present) all with various degrees of disastrous results. The No Fly Zone FantasyAnother big problem is that Clinton sees her path to war in Syria through a No Fly Zone, to  Save the poor children of Aleppo. Although it sounds good during a TV debate, it is very unrealistic in practical terms, and if implemented, it would place the US squarely at war with both Russia and Syria, and possible Iran by extension. Is that the best Clinton has to offer?  Prof Michel Chossudovsky explains the fundamental flaw in Clinton s proclamation:At the third presidential debate, Hillary Clinton reasserted her commitment that if elected president, she would implement a no-fly-zone, intimating that the objective was to  save lives : I think a no-fly zone could save lives and could hasten the end of the conflict. I am well aware of the really legitimate concerns you have expressed from both the president and the general,  Clinton said in response to a question from Fox News debate moderator Chris Wallace. This would not be done just on the first day. This would take a lot of negotiation and would also take making it clear to the Russians and Syrians that our purpose here was to provide safe zones on the ground   I think we could strike a deal and make it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that this was something that we believe was in the best interest of the people on the ground in Syria.  (Fox News, emphasis added)At present, under the Obama administration, the joint chiefs of staff are opposed to the  No Fly zone .The Joint Chiefs of Staff are appointed by the Secretary of Defense.Under a Clinton presidency, a new Secretary of Defense as well as a new Chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, firmly committed to  A No fly Zone  over Syria would be appointed.Mich le Angelique Flournoy, a former Under Secretary of Defense for Policy is Hillary s choice for the position of Secretary of Defense, who favors the  No Fly Zone  option. Most considerate and informed commentators now accept that a No Fly Zone is an act of war. Clinton of all people should know this after Libya.Loosening Legal Requirements for WarLast week, vice presidential running mate, Tim Kaine, said that if elected, Hillary Clinton would press lawmakers to rewrite the Sept. 14, 2001, Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF)   making it even easier to  go to war  without having the actually declare war with a Congressional vote. This bill has been a favorite of Obama who has used it as an open-ended executive path to multiple undeclared wars of aggression, and to make his war on ISIS appear legal, for now anyway.According to Kaine, Clinton believes that,  it s time for us to take that now-outdated authorization, and really think about what we are confronting, and work together to reach some legislative-executive accord about what it is we re doing.  Kaine told Axelrod.  It s time for Congress to get back in the game and refine and revise that authorization. This is nothing more than another Washington lawyer s parlor trick   to pass another AUMF bill to cover the old one. The script just keeps getting revised.This was reiterated by Clinton campaign spokesman Jesse Lehrich in July when he told Yahoo News that Clinton agrees with Senator Kaine that if we are serious about confronting ISIS, Congress ought to express its resolve to stand behind our military and win this fight by passing a new AUMF. The legislation reflected his national security aides  desire that it not tie his hands. The document authorized airstrikes in Iraq and Syria in the following three years. It forbade the use of American ground troops in  enduring offensive ground combat operations    a term the White House described as deliberately vague. It also allowed strikes against  individuals and organizations fighting for, on behalf of, or alongside ISIL  anywhere in the world.Democrats have balked at supporting such a sweeping measure. Republicans have pointed to the three-year limit and the ground-combat language to argue that the AUMF improperly binds the hands of Obama s successor.The truth of the matter is that both sides see political peril in the president s proposal. Democrats recall how voting in favor of the Iraq War helped to doom Clinton s 2008 presidential ambitions. And Republicans, who could vote to remove the language they describe as objectionable, prefer to criticize Obama s handling of the conflict without taking any steps that might make them co-owners of the strategy. A lawyer s blueprint for a continuation of Washington s status quo: unconstitutional open-ended, undeclared wars of aggression, anywhere, any time.A Threat to World PeaceLike Obama, and Bush before him, and Bill Clinton before them, as president Hillary Clinton will be expected to expedite an establishment agenda written by transnational corporations and other nebulous international crime syndicates. The financial engine for this is the banking houses of Wall Street and the City of London. A basic review of the Clinton s intimate relationship with Goldman Sachs investment house should provide amble proof of Bill and Hillary s ties to that circle. This shows how, throughout their career, the Clintons have been owned and operated by these banking houses.SEE ALSO: PARTNERS IN CRIME: Goldman Sachs, The Clintons & Wall StreetSuffice to say, based on this and many other exhibits which we have left out here, Hillary Clinton is a clear and present threat to world peace.This is not to say the Donald Trump presidency will be a halcyon affair either, but we don t know that yet. This is another problem with this heavily politicized topic in the US. In order to derail any critique of Clinton s chequered past, many Clinton supporters and die-hard liberal Democrats will try to equate to words of private citizen Donald Trump with the actions of public official Hillary Clinton. If we are having a rational argument then that would simply be a false comparison.If Donald Trump were to assume the office of Presidency, then I would not hesitate to apply as harsh an analysis to his actions and policies.In terms of foreign policy and government corruption   Trump is an unknown quantity, while Hillary Clinton is very well-known one, as we have demonstrated. We have already seen her handy work in both Libya and Syria. Likewise, we have seen the fruits of Bill Clinton s misadventures in Bosnia, Serbia and Kosovo, not to mention his menacing economic sanctions in Iraq which killed upwards of 1 million Iraqi civilians over a ten-year period, and sowed the seeds for future wars.It should also be noted that Senator Hillary Clinton voted for the Iraq War in 2003   a war waged on a false pretense,  although she now claims the war was a  mistake. After a joint US-Terrorist operation that ended in the assassination and street lynching of Libya leader Mumaur Gaddafi near the town of Sirte in October 2011, during a CBS interview, a gloating Hillary Clinton made one of the most callous and disturbing remarks ever from a high-ranking diplomat when she said: We came, we saw, he died!  and proceeded to laugh on camera.This clip really sums up the attitude and moral vacuum we might experience with a Clinton White House:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dmp3Jndj_o . The evidence really speaks for itself. SEE ALSO: Hillary s Russian Hack Hoax: The Biggest Lie of this Election SeasonREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22405,"FBI: Clinton Foundation investigation will lead to ‘Likely Indictment,’ donors funded ISIS","21st Century Wire says Yesterday we learned that for more than one year the FBI s White Collar Crime Division has actually been investigating a pay-for-play activity between Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. The investigation has been going on for more than a year. According FOX anchor Bret Baier, multiple FBI sources said,  indictments are likely. This could get very interesting A number of new revelations could really raise the temperature on this scandal:Last night, an RT Exclusive revealed what Julian Assange described as, the most significant email in the whole collection. Conveniently ignored by the mainstream media, WikiLeaks had previously highlighted an early 2014 email where outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is urging John Podesta, then an advisor to President Barack Obama, to  bring pressure  on Qatar and Saudi Arabia,  which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL [Islamic State, IS, ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups.  Yes. You read that correctly: the Clinton Foundation was accepting millions of dollars in donations from the very Gulf states she knew were funding ISIS and Al Nusra terrorists   thus exposing the charade the Clinton and the Obama Administration have been playing ever since the  ISIS crisis  began in June 2014.Fox News Channel s Bret Baier reported on the latest details of the Clinton Foundation investigation from two sources inside the FBI. He reveals five important new pieces of information in these two short clips:1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year. 2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time. 3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton s secret server on Anthony Weiner s laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature. 4. Sources within the FBI have told Baier that an indictment is  likely  in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation,  barring some obstruction in some way  from the Justice Department. 5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton s server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information has  been taken from it.(Source: Real Clear Politics) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2iIr6ugheQ . Conclusion: Limbaugh took his postiion many days ago, and based on the potential gravity of Assange s recent Clinton-ISIS email revelation   this looks to be a compelling smoking gun. Therefore, Limbaugh looks to be stunningly accurate in his assessment.  READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22406,Hillary Clinton Jumps the Shark with ‘Trump’s Secret Russian Server’ Conspiracy Theory," 21st Century Wire says Yesterday, WikiLeaks editor and founder Julian Assange confirmed what 21WIRE already knew   that Hillary Clinton and the Obama White House s claim of the US election process being  hacked by the Russian government  was a desperate work of fiction. Not content with that fish tale, Hillary Clinton took the narrative to an embarrassing new low (if that was even possible) with another, wilder made-up conspiracy story about the Russians. The following statement made by Hillary Clinton yesterday epitomizes the term  jumping the shark :It's time for Trump to answer serious questions about his ties to Russia. https://t.co/D8oSmyVAR4 pic.twitter.com/07dRyEmPjX  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 31, 2016Apparently, Hillary Clinton s campaign staff fed her a planted online news story (by the Clinton campaign?) which ran on a questionable pro-Democratic Party online news outlet. On Monday, the Slate ran the story by one of its alleged journalists  named Franklin Foer, complete with a clickbait blog-like headline,  Was a Trump Server Communicating With Russia? Whatever legitimacy the Slate had before last night, just evaporated.John Roberts from Forbes explains,  The bottom line is that Slate screwed up by publishing this in the first place, and by adding more kooky misinformation to an already addled election season. As for Foer, he says on Twitter a  follow up  piece is in the works. Roberts rightly points out that the only follow-up story for this lemon should start with the word RETRACTION.  CYBER FEUD: Assange believes Clinton has gone beyond the pale with her Russian conspiracy obsession.During his exclusive interview with award-winning filmmaker John Pilger, when asked what he thought of Hillary Clinton s shrill antics, Julian Assange said,  I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person, because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick. The saddest thing about this and the other dishonest and destructive actions of the Clinton campaign and the Democratic Party   is that no one in the party seems to see anything wrong with this level of deceit and dishonesty. Like Hillary Clinton in her sociopathic path to power, the party rank and file are acting like a cult coven following their high priestess.Still, Clinton surrogates in the media are trying to equate Clinton simultaneously scapegoating and baiting another nuclear superpower  with a decade-old misogynist hot mic audio excerpt of Donald Trump in a TMZ-style tabloid sting. That pretty much sums up Democratic Party strategy for this election season.Assange was right. Clinton, the Democratic Party and their surrogate, are eating themselves. Such are the spoils of power in Washington that men and women will do and say anything to have it.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22407,"PARTNERS IN CRIME: Goldman Sachs, The Clintons & Wall Street","Shawn Helton 21st Century WireThe cozy relationship between Goldman Sachs and the Clintons has reached dizzying new heights in recent years, giving the Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton an immensely influential partner on Wall Street.As the public and most of the mainstream media is still processing the political bombshell concerning the newly reopened FBI probe into the Hillary Clinton s email server case   the global investment banking firm Goldman Sachs quietly endorsed the Democratic presidential candidate this past week.The financial ties that bind the Clintons and Wall Street banks like Goldman Sachs are nothing new, but never before have the connections been so exposed. Let s take a trip down collusion lane to review some of the more questionable examples of their political and financial merger formed long ago   MONEY CHANGERS    Wall Street s Goldman Sachs are inextricably linked to the Clinton s and The Clinton Foundation. (Photo illustration 21WIRE)The Clintons & Goldman Sachs While campaigning for his first term in the White House, former president Bill Clinton received an enormous amount of support from Washington insider lobbyists and investment banking firms on Wall Street.At the top of the pile sat Goldman Sachs In 1992, the LA Times reported that presidential nominee Bill Clinton, received the largest share of his financial support at least $2.6 million from lawyers and lobbyists,  and that Clinton also received additional support from big securities firms such as Goldman, Sachs & Co. in New York and Stephens Inc. in his hometown of Little Rock, Ark. In fact, Goldman Sachs employees and their family members were responsible for the biggest contributions from a single firm: $98,700. For decades the Clintons have remained close allies to the banking behemoth Goldman Sachs and in the process, a mutually beneficial relationship has taken hold, something that even the NY Times admits: Over 20-plus years, Goldman provided the Clintons with some of their most influential advisers, millions of dollars in campaign contributions and speaking fees, and financial support for the family foundation s charitable programs. By now, there should be little doubt that the Clinton political machine is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Wall Street banking cartel. Their relationship was built over three decades.The real watershed moment came here  BLANK CHECK: Bill Clinton laughs with Wall Street elites after signing the Financial Services Modernization Act in 1999. Key to the Kingdom In one of the most significant financial rulings in the modern era, the Clinton presidency gave big banks like Goldman Sachs the skeleton key to the kingdom by deregulating the investment banking system almost entirely.The Clinton/Goldman Sachs/Wall Street partnership was fully forged after the removal of the Glass-Steagall Act, which banking luminaries cynically named the  Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999  officially titled the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.  The original Glass-Steagall was a depression-age four-part provision under the Bank Act of 1933 that strictly prohibited securities activities that could be harmful to investors   the same sort of rogue speculating and paper fiat fraud which triggered the Great Depression (1929-1941). In fact, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act which repealed Glass-Steagall, opened the door for the  shadow banking  realm outside of regulatory oversight which led to a much higher trading risk, as banks became more interlinked.Simply put: Clinton s repeal of Glass-Steagell removed the firewall between speculative investment banking and regular high street retail and consumer banking   which exposed everyone to toxic, subprime ponzi schemes and fake paper products being pushed around the globe by the banking elite   which ultimately caused the global economy to crash in 2008. All that can be laid at the feet of one William Jefferson Clinton. And Hillary still claims that,  My husband did so well with the economy.  Really?In a cross-posted article featured at Huffington Post, Nomi Prins underscored the complicit nature of Wall Street and Washington after the removal of tighter bank regulations under the Clinton administration during the 1990 s: To grasp the dangers that the Big Six banks (JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley) presently pose to the financial stability of our nation and the world, you need to understand their history in Washington, starting with the Clinton years of the 1990s. Alliances established then (not exclusively with Democrats, since bankers are bipartisan by nature) enabled these firms to become as politically powerful as they are today and to exert that power over an unprecedented amount of capital. Rest assured of one thing: their past and present CEOs will prove as critical in backing a Hillary Clinton presidency as they were in enabling her husband s years in office. Prins herself was a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, senior managing director at Bear Stearns, as well as having worked as a senior strategist at the now defunct investment banking firm Lehman Brothers. Following the financial crash in 2007-2008, Prins blew the whistle on the banking world in a book entitled  It Takes a Pillage: Behind the Bonuses, Bailouts, and Backroom Deals from Washington to Wall Street.  Prins has become an advocate for the reinstatement of the Glass-Steagall Act since departing from the investment banking world.The media outlet Common Dreams described the merger between Citicorp and Travelers Group (becoming Citigroup), which was dubbed the  Citi-Travelers Act  on Capitol Hill. It was a conglomeration that went hand in hand with the Clinton administration s influence on banking deregulation marked by the repeal of Glass-Steagall: Then, in 1998, in an act of corporate civil disobedience, Citicorp and Travelers Group announced they were merging. Such a combination of banking and insurance companies was illegal under the Bank Holding Company Act, but was excused due to a loophole that provided a two-year review period of proposed mergers. The merger was premised on the expectation that Glass-Steagall would be repealed. Citigroup s co-chairs Sandy Weill and John Reed led a swarm of industry executives and lobbyists who trammeled the halls of Congress to make sure a deal was cut. At the time, it was the largest financial merger even though it was technically illegal, as stated by the former Bankers of America CEO Kenneth Guenther. In 1999, after 12 attempts in 25 years,  Congress passed the Financial Services Modernization Act, which led to the repeal of Glass-Steagall.The repeal of Glass-Steagall was pushed heavily by Citigroup s co-CEO Sanford Weill and lobbyist Roger Levy and according to a report by The Nation: They laid out more than $290 million for lobbying in 1998, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, and donated more than $150 million in the 1997 98 election cycle a figure sure to be topped in 1999 2000. How much of those contributions made their way to the Clinton family and what kind of impact did this have after they left the White House?In 2005, Bill Clinton was paid over half a million for speaking at three private Goldman events.In 2013, after stepping down from her position as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton gave a total of three paid speeches at Goldman Sachs events to the tune of $675,000 dollars, in which one attendee said she sounded more like a Goldman Sachs managing director,  according to a quote obtained by Politico. Indeed, Clinton gave a glowing speech to the Goldman gang and in the process, as Wikileaks released in early October, the Democratic nominee believes in  both a public and a private position  on Wall Street reform and that it is an  oversimplification  to suggest that investment banking led to the most recent financial crisis.That Clinton leak provided another window into the much protected alliance between finance and politics, but it s only the tip of a much larger iceberg.In 2015, the Washington Post reported that  Hillary Rodham Clinton and former president Bill Clinton earned in excess of $25 million for delivering 104 speeches since the beginning of 2014, a huge infusion to their net worth as she was readying for a presidential bid.   ANOINTED : Chelsea Clinton with Goldman Sachs-backed hedge funder Marc Mezvinsky.The Clinton family is chock-full of banking connections, as Chelsea Clinton  joined the Avenue Capital Group, which according to reports is a $12 billion hedge fund whose founder has contributed to many Democratic Party campaigns.  Chelsea is married to Marc Mezvinsky, a former investment banker for Goldman Sachs. Chelsea s tenure at Avenue Capital Group was from 2006-2008 just prior to Hillary Clinton s run for president in 2008. Since then Chelsea has risen to vice chairman inside the Clinton Foundation.Marc Mezvinsky was forced to close one of his hedge funds recently, Eaglevale Hellenic Opportunity, after had the fund lost most of its initial investor funds of $25 million   after blowing the money on secondhand junk Greek bank stocks and toxic government debt.The apple doesn t fall far from the tree  As it turns out, Marc is the son of troubled former Congressman Ed Mezvinsky   another close friend of Team Clinton.Politico reports on one of Ed Mezvinsky s financial controversies in 1999:  In the waning days of Clinton s presidency, federal prosecutors and the FBI were bearing down on former Rep. Ed Mezvinsky (D-Iowa), who had fallen for a series of Ponzi schemes and pulled in nearly $10 million money from other investors to cover his losses. Continuing, Politico outlined new information concerning a pardon request sent by from Ed Mezvinsky s wife to then President Bill Clinton: records released last week by the Clinton Presidential Library in Little Rock and obtained by POLITICO show Mezvinsky and his then-wife   ex-Rep. Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky (D-Pa.)   pleaded with the former president for a presidential pardon to head off the looming federal case. In 2016, the Daily Mail reported the following: Chelsea Clinton s husband and his partners have suffered a huge loss after trying to bet on the revival of the Greek economy, and are now being forced to shut down one of their hedge funds.Marc Mezvinsky, 38, and his partners, former Goldman Sachs colleagues Bennett Grau and Mark Mallon, raised $25million from investors to buy up bank stocks and debt from the struggling nation.That fund however has lost 90 percent of its value, investors with direct knowledge of the situation told The New York Times, and will now be closed.   THE INSIDERS    A ground-breaking ceremony at Goldman Sachs headquarters in Manhattan in 2005. Hillary Clinton is joined by Michael Bloomberg, Lloyd Blankfein (current Goldman Sachs CEO), Former Goldman Sachs CEO Henry Paulson. (Image Source: ilovemyfreedom)The NY Times further outlined the long-held Clinton/Goldman connection just two years before the 2007-2008 financial crisis: The Clintons  relationships with Wall Street deepened in the 2000s, when Mr. Clinton set up his foundation in Harlem and Mrs. Clinton was elected to the Senate from New York. That brought her in close touch with the big Wall Street firms, a source of jobs and tax revenue for New York   and a leading source of campaign funds for Mrs. Clinton. During her years in Congress, employees of Goldman donated in excess of $234,000 to Mrs. Clinton, more than those of any other company except Citigroup, accordingto the Center for Responsive Politics.Along with other New York politicians, Mrs. Clinton worked to obtain federal tax breaks to resuscitate Lower Manhattan after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, and those breaks helped Goldman build its new, roughly $2 billion headquarters. When it broke ground in 2005, Mrs. Clinton and other New York officials were on-site. HOW TO MONETIZE INFLUENCE    Lloyd Blankfein at a Clinton Global Initiative event with Hillary Clinton. (Image Source: sputniknews)The Wall Street RacketTo understand who powers the Clinton Foundation s billion dollar RICO influence-peddling slush fund, you need to understand how money is laundered between Wall Street and Washington DC.Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and Citigroup and many others were all ordered to pay millions for misleading investors after the 2008 crash, then in April of 2016, Goldman was ordered to settle a federal and state probe for $5 Billion dollars. CNBC reported the following: Goldman Sachs will pay $5 billion to settle federal and state probes into the bank s sale of mortgage-backed securities before the financial crisis, the Justice Department announced Monday.Authorities said Goldman misrepresented the quality of loans it securitized and then sold to investors ahead of the housing bubble and 2008 crisis. The settlement includes a $2.4 billion civil penalty, $1.8 billion in relief payouts to underwater homeowners and affected borrowers and $875 million to resolve various other claims.This resolution holds Goldman Sachs accountable for its serious misconduct in falsely assuring investors that securities it sold were backed by sound mortgages, when it knew that they were full of mortgages that were likely to fail,  acting Associate Attorney General Stuart Delery said in a statement. In 2013, a Bloomberg article questioned how Goldman managed to survive and even thrive during the 2007-2008 economic crisis: Whether Goldman could have gone the way of Lehman Brothers or Merrill Lynch remains the subject of much debate. Goldman maintains that it did not need, or want, the $10 billion bailout that Hank Paulson [ former Goldman alum] pushed on it and other firms in October 2008. But the fact remains that when the Federal Reserve allowed Goldman and Morgan Stanley but not Lehman Brothers to become bank holding companies on Sept. 21, 2008, Goldman was able, three days later, to raise $10 billion in equity, $5 billion from the public and another $5 billion from investor Warren Buffett. That would probably not have happened without the Fed s expedited decision and support. (A week later, Morgan Stanley saved itself from bankruptcy when it negotiated a $9 billion equity investment from Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group.) All told the Clinton friendly investment giant Goldman Sachs (after making record profits) became the fifth mega-bank ordered to pay billions to the Department of Justice after the financial crash of 2007-2008. In addition, the firm was ordered to pay $3 billion to the Federal Housing Finance Agency in 2014   not including pending private lawsuits levied on the firm since the Great Recession.In a New York Review article Goldman Sachs was already under investigation for committing fraud at least a year before the economic crash in 2007-2008: Data gathered mostly from the Corporate Research Project, a public interest website, show that on thirteen occasions between 2009 and 2016, Goldman was penalized by US courts or government agencies for fraudulent or deceptive practices that were committed mostly between 2006 and 2009.   CASHING OUT    Bill Clinton with his top economic strategist Robert Rubin. (Image Source: St. Louis Post-Dispatch)Wall Street Selects  Team Clinton The Clinton connection to Goldman Sachs emerged in the early 1990 s as Robert Rubin, a former senior partner with Goldman (with a 26-year tenure with the firm), joined former President Clinton s economic policy team, later becoming Secretary of the Treasury in 1995. Around that time, the Clinton presidency ushered in soaring tax hikes under the  Rubinomics  banner (aka Clintonomics), the plan raised taxes on most Americans, specifically the middle class, in what was said to be the largest increase in American history at the time.According to Congressional record (Vol.146 part 2),  In 1995, the economy grew at a sickly 1.5%   Clinton s vetoes of spending cuts [insured] continued deficits well into the 21st Century. In a Multinational Monitor report entitled  Wall Street s Best Investment: Ten Deregulatory Steps to Financial Meltdown, by Robert Weissman and James Donahue, a clearer picture of the financial collusion spawned in the 1990 s under the Clinton administration was revealed: During the Clinton Administration, Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, who had run Goldman Sachs, enthusiastically promoted the legislation. In a 1995 testimony before the House Banking Committee, for example, Rubin argued that  the banking industry is fundamentally different from what it was two decades ago, let alone in 1933.   U.S. banks generally engage in a broader range of securities activities abroad than is permitted domestically. Even domestically, the separation of investment banking and commercial banking envisioned by Glass-Steagall has eroded significantly. With a pedigree that included Goldman Sachs, the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), The Brookings Institution and the Bilderberg Group, Robert Rubin emerged in 1999 as the vice chairman at Citigroup (1999-2009) after overseeing its merger as well as helping to craft the repeal of Glass-Steagall while serving as Secretary of Treasury. Rubin made a fortune with Citigroup causing sharp criticism in media and from those within the financial sector following the 2007-2008 crash. Here s a passage from Bloomberg regarding Rubin in the aftermath of the banking collapse: When it collapsed, due in part to bank-friendly policies that Rubin advocated, he made more than $100 million while others lost everything.  You have to view people in a fair light,  says Phil Angelides, co-chair of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, who credits Rubin for much of the Clinton-era prosperity.  But on the other side of the ledger are key acts, such as the deregulation of derivatives, or stopping the Commodities Futures Trading Commission from regulating derivatives, that in the end weakened our financial system and exposed us to the risk of financial disaster.   SWORN    FBI director James Comey sworn in by former DOJ head Eric Holder. (Image Source: thewhitehousespin)Under the MicroscopeOver the summer 21WIRE observed some curious connections between the Clinton Foundation and FBI director James Comey, as well as his questionable handling of other cases related to the Clinton family. Here s the following passage to consider in light of the new information related to the Clinton investigation: Many will also be unaware that before Comey was installed by the Obama Administration as FBI Director, he was on the board of Director at HSBC Bank   a bank implicated in international money laundering, including the laundering of billions on behalf of international drugs and narcotics trafficking cartels.Forbes also points out where Comey was also at the key choke-point during the case involving dodgy auditor KPMG which followed on by the HSBC criminal case: If Comey, and his boss Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez, had made a different decision about KPMG back in 2005, KPMG would not have been around to miss all the illegal acts HSBC and Standard Chartered SCBFF +% were committing on its watch. Bloomberg reported in 2007 that back in June of 2005, Comey was the man thrust into the position of deciding whether KPMG would live or die for its criminal tax shelter violations. In 2015, the Guardian discussed the financial relationship between HSBC and the Clinton Foundation receiving a startling $81 million in donations from clients of the large bank: The charitable foundation run by Hillary Clinton and her family has received as much as $81m from wealthy international donors who were clients of HSBC s controversial Swiss bank.Leaked files from HSBC s Swiss banking division reveal the identities of seven donors to the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation with accounts in Geneva. A new update on the FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation was announced over the last 24 hours, in addition the recently reopened Clinton email probe from last week. It remains to be seen how in-depth this new investigation will be.To call it collusion would be an understatement. When looking back at the financial affairs of the Clintons, Goldman Sachs and others on Wall Street   it s clearer than ever that what we are looking at is a criminal syndicate.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22408,Boiler Room EP #82 – Mind-boggling Collusion,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot,  Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis and Daniel Spaulding for the 82nd episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in a pre-election special broadcast of Boiler Room with the crew. This week we re turning the crank on the sausage grinder of media and cooking up some reality radio focusing on the strange, the real and the exo-political.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Listen to  Boiler Room #82   Mind-boggling Collusion  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22409,BOMBSHELL: Clinton WikiLeak Exposes Entire ‘Shadow Government’ – Jay Dyer (Vid),"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireSick of politics? Well, me too, but this election reveals the deep state and vindicates us  conspiracy theorists  like never before. I give my analysis of what is really going down, from the CFR to drug running.  In this video report, I cover the top leaks and scandals and how both 21WIRE and JaysAnalysis were spot on READ MORE SHADOW GOV T NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Shadow Gov t FilesTo hear Jay s full podcasts, see more information and learn how you can become a subscriber to JaysAnalysis. Jay Dyer is the author of the forthcoming title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day.  Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast, Esoteric Hollywood, investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.",0
22410,OBAMACARE: Your Dog Might Have Better Healthcare Than You Do,"Simon Black Sovereign ManBelow is a short email that my friend Sam posted this morning to his Facebook page about his surprisingly positive experience with the US healthcare system.I thought it a fantastic read, and I wanted to pass it along to you:I had to run to the emergency room today for what may be a neurological issue. Dizziness, staggering, loss of balance, that kind of thing.I m in San Diego, one of the most expensive cities in the world, and I have no insurance. I figured I was screwed.But instead, the experience was unreal.I got seen immediately. I didn t even have time to sit down, they just whisked me into an examination room.The doctor and nurse were ON IT, and they took their time with the exam and consultation.The visit ultimately involved staying the whole day for observation, all kinds of tests, sedation and reversal, blood pressure check, a full blood panel work up (results tomorrow, yes TOMORROW keep your fingers crossed) and having both ears cleaned and flushed.The bill was a mere $374.63.Do I have some insane insurance plan? Nope.Am I being super-subsidized by the rest of America? Nope.Am I a privileged politician with a special  bosses only  healthcare plan? Don t make me laugh.It turns out that the care was for my dog, not for me. And we didn t go to a  people  hospital  I obviously took my dog to an animal hospital.She and I are both biological machines, mammals made mostly of water (though she sheds more than I do).The only other real difference is that the government is regulating the hell out of healthcare for people, while (relatively speaking), leaving healthcare for animals alone.And that, my friends, is the reason Obamacare has flopped, and why your healthcare costs will keep going up.It s not greed. It s not the drug companies. It s not anything other than the application of government intervention in what should be a free market.Simon again.It s not exactly controversial these days to suggest that the US healthcare system is in bad shape.According to data collected by numerous independent agencies like the Institute of Medicine, Commonwealth Fund, and Kaiser Family Foundation, the US still ranks dead last among advanced economies in overall quality of its healthcare system.In fact, the US healthcare system has the worst record in the number of deaths caused by mistakes or inefficient care.And wait times in the US for urgent care and primary care visits rank lower than every other developed nation.Americans pay at least 50% more for healthcare in terms of annual spending than people in other advanced nations, yet they receive less care as measured by the number of doctor visits.Sure, it s great that there are fewer uninsured people than ever before in the US, but this is a measure of QUANTITY, not a measure of QUALITY.Undoubtedly the US is home to some of the finest medical professionals in the world.But they ve been buried under an expensive, over-regulated bureaucracy that continues to erode overall quality in the system.A 2015 report from the National Academy of Sciences summed it up by stating,  For Americans, health care costs and expenditures are the highest in the world, yet health outcomes and care quality are below average by many measures. But instead of trying to understand WHY the system is so slow, bureaucratic, and expensive to begin with, politicians try to  fix  it by creating more regulations Continue this story at Sovereign ManREAD MORE OBAMACARE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Obamacare Files",0
22411,Hillary’s ‘Russian Hack’ Hoax: The Biggest Lie of This Election Season," Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireThe longer this soap opera drags on, it s becoming more and more evident that the Russian government did not  hack  into the DNC, and Moscow is not feeding John Podesta s emails to Wikileaks. For those who are deeply invested in this now official conspiracy theory, however, this might be a hard pill to swallow. The White House and the Hillary Clinton campaign are now married to the idea that  Putin is hacking the US elections.  In response, the President is weighing his options   tougher economic sanctions, revoking diplomatic status to Russian envoys in the US, or even deploying his newly developed malicious cyber-activity  tools.Even VP Joe Biden wants in on the action, threatening Moscow by saying, We re sending a message. We have the capacity to do it.   Presumably, he s referring to a cyber  counter attack  by Washington.It seems that where ever you turn nowadays, someone in Washington is issuing a threat against Russia. Are US-Russian relations really that bad, or does this trend have more to do with the defense industry and power struggles within the US?What was previously a stance reserved for right-wing neoconservative hawks and Cold War hold-outs has now infected America s left-wing, and is a firm plank in the Democratic Party platform, as evidenced by Hillary Clinton s constant anti-Russian rhetoric throughout this 2016 election cycle. Along with the White House, Clinton has now transformed the Democrats into the vanguard of Washington s new anti-Russia movement.On July 27th, Josh Rogin from the Washington Post wrote,  The Clinton campaign has decided to escalate its rhetoric on Russia. After Trump suggested Wednesday that if Russia had indeed hacked Clinton s private email server it should release the emails, the Clinton campaign sent out its Democratic surrogates to bash Russia and Trump in a manner traditionally reserved for Republicans. Anyone who was paying attention back then knew this  Russian hack  talking point was purely political, but then again, who s really paying attention these days? Certainly not the US media.You can trace the genesis of the Democratic Party s hardcore anti-Russian strategy back to when President Vladimir Putin made a mild passing remark about Donald Trump s GOP primary success. From that point on, Trump s political opponents saw this as an open target. In their words,  comparing one dictator to another. Never one to pass up an opportunity to score cheap political points, President Obama got in on the act, intensifying the Trump-Putin narrative to the level of bromance.  If you ve made a career out of idealizing Ronald Reagan, then where were you when your own party s nominee for president was kissing up to Vladimir Putin?  said Obama on Oct 20th at a Clinton rally in Miami.Backed by the Obama White House, Clinton and the media felt they had a green light to keep pressing ahead with blaming Russia   not only for the controversial DNC leaks, but also for hacking into US election systems in Arizona   a charge devoid of any evidence other than innuendo and speculation. The media s coverage on this issue was deceptive from the onset. In a leading news release, entitled,  Russian hackers targeted Arizona election system,  we can see how after the cock-sure headline, the first paragraph would always sound definitive: Hackers targeted voter registration systems in Illinois and Arizona, and the FBI alerted Arizona officials in June that Russians were behind the assault on the election system in that state. But then by the time you advanced down the story, the report would quickly retreat into a zone of uncertainty: The bureau described the threat as  credible  and significant,  an eight on a scale of one to 10,  Matt Roberts, a spokesman for Arizona Secretary of State Michele Reagan (R), said Monday. As a result, Reagan shut down the state s voter registration system for nearly a week. And then, down to almost nothing It turned out that the hackers had not compromised the state system or even any county system. They had, however, stolen the username and password of a single election official in Gila County. At no point was any evidence ever given. Only ambiguous statements like,  Cyber security officials agree that this looks very much like a Russian government-directed hack. Are American politicians so callous as to tempt geopolitical conflict in order to further their short-term political ambitions? Better yet, has American political life really arrived in such a dark cul de sac (translated in French:  bottom of the bag ) where politicians in power are so insecure as to make-up and propagate wild international conspiracy theories   in the middle a national election cycle? It s a very depressing prospect, and yet, this is exactly what we are seeing in this 2016 Presidential Election.Behind Clinton s wild hyperbolic rants about the Kremlin and Wikileaks, you will find the White House On October 7th, the Obama Administration formally accused the Russian government of stealing emails from the Democratic National Committee and other high-profile individuals including Hillary Clinton s campaign manager John Podesta   giving them to Wikileaks. Soon, there was a queue of  national security  politicians eager to hitch a ride on this bandwagon. Senator Ben Sasse (NE-R), a member of the Homeland Security Committee spouted out,  Russia must face serious consequences. Moscow orchestrated these hacks because [Russian President Vladimir] Putin believes Soviet-style aggression is worth it. The United States must upend Putin s calculus with a strong diplomatic, political,  cyber and economic response. According to a Washington Post report by technology editor, Ellen Nakashima, the only  evidence  that seems to be available on this story is a corporate analysis of the alleged  Russian government hacks    provided by a US cyber security company called Crowdstrike. No actual specifics are given, so we are meant to take private firm Crowdstrike s word for it.IMAGE: Crowdstrike cyber security.The Post s Nakashima then added: The administration also blamed Moscow for the hack of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and the subsequent leak of private email addresses and cellphone numbers of Democratic lawmakers. An online persona calling himself Guccifer 2.0 has claimed responsibility for posting the material. Those sites and that persona are  consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts,  the joint statement said.   We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia s senior-most officials could have authorized these activities. Moscow s press secretary s reply:  This is some sort of nonsense,  said Dmitry Peskov.Despite the constant repetition by Democrat media surrogates, and as CNN s Maria Cardona said last night, no US national intelligence agency has really  confirmed  that Russia was behind the email hacks   and still no evidence, other than speculative guesswork, has been presented.Likewise, US intelligence agencies have never actually said definitively on record that  Russia did it,  thus, leaving the door open to walk-back the accusation at a later date. Standard Washington procedure of ambiguity. This little detail doesn t seem to matter in this hyperbolic political climate though. It seems that the White House, Hillary Clinton and media operatives like Cardona   are quite happy living in what John Kerry recent dubbed as a parallel universe. The announcement, albeit vague, actually originated from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.Still, during the final Presidential debate, Hillary Clinton proudly crowed how  17 US intelligence agencies  aka the  Intelligence Community    all agreed that Russia did it. We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election,  said Clinton.  I find that deeply disturbing. What s even more disturbing is the fact that Clinton is lying in front of a national audience. The highest levels of the Kremlin? Here are Clinton s 17 agencies :Air Force Intelligence, Army Intelligence, Central Intelligence Agency, Coast Guard Intelligence, Defense Intelligence Agency, Energy Department, Homeland Security Department, State Department, Treasury Department, Drug Enforcement Administration, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Marine Corps Intelligence, National Geospatial Intelligence Agency, National Reconnaissance Office, National Security Agency, Navy Intelligence and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence.What does the Coast Guard Intelligence, National Geospatial Intelligence Agency or the Drug Enforcement Administration know about John Podesta s emails? Answer: nothing.The exact same thing happened following Wikileaks first trove of DNC emails back in July 2016. The US government issued a vague accusatory statement, but would not actually name the culprit. Some might call that propaganda.In both instances, the Obama Administration refused to present any evidence. Translated: there was no evidence. If there had been, the White House would have been shouting from the rooftops and using it as leverage to apply muscle in the UN over Washington s  flagging efforts in Syria. Both Obama Administration announcements were nothing more than dog whistles for Democrats and  journalists  working for hopelessly partisan outlets like New York Times and CNN  none of whom have bothered to press the White House for one ounce of evidence pertaining to the Party s decree that Russia is hacking the US election process. If you actually look at the joint DNI-DHS statement issued on the matter, it contains no definitive statement:  [the hacks] are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts. These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the US election process. Such activity is not new to Moscow   the Russians have used similar tactics and techniques across Europe and Eurasia, for example, to influence public opinion there. We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia s senior-most officials could have authorized these activities. According to NSA intelligence worker-turned whistleblower William Binney, when asked about WikiLeaks and whether the Russians are  hacking US elections, he concluded that the cyber efforts against the DNC were more likely to be the work of a disgruntled U.S. intelligence worker. Under partisan pressure from senior Democrat Senator Harry Reid, the FBI also initiated another investigation into  people linked to the Trump team with Russia.  Reid was unset about the DNC hacks and the Podesta emails and demanded the FBI do something about the Trump campaign. To date, the FBI haven t come up with anything.To be fair, Hillary would have every reason to believe that the Kremlin is behind the hack   because her staff read it to her from the campaign s daily intelligence briefings, presumably, supplied from the US government s much vaunted Intelligence Community. Of course, that s the same Intelligence Community that briefed George W Bush about Saddam s nonexistent nuclear weapons program, and who also briefed Colin Powell about Iraq s imaginary  Winnebagos of Death  aka mobile anthrax labs disguised as senior double-wide camper vans. So, of course, they would know if Putin directed the DNC leaks and Podesta email hacks.For those us who are skeptical of the great oxymoron known as  Washington Intelligence,  I can almost hear the mainstream rebuttal now,  No, that was Iraq, that was Bush. We re not like that. No, this time it s different. This time we are sure the Russians did it!  In 2014, Obama claimed that Kim s notorious  Bureau 121  hacked into Sony Pictures. This isn t the first time that President Obama has cried wolf on a foreign  hack  and then tried to sell it for political purposes. Back in December 2014, Obama claimed that North Korea had hacked Sony Pictures in Hollywood. Pentagon-CIA media proxy CNN quickly chimed in to support Washington s conspiracy theory, floating a colorful story that Kim Jing-Un had deployed a secret underground hacking unit called  Bureau 121.  Just like with today s  Russian Hack  theory, no member of the mainstream press dared to question the White House s ridiculous North Korean claim, and like the  Russian Hack  claims, the only source cited for Sony hack was analysis provided by US firm Crowdstrike.Jumping the SharkAfter their Democratic Party Convention on July 27th, the Clinton campaign machine put all of its chips on their Putin narrative.Soon after, a cadre of top Clinton national security surrogates then accused Trump of emboldening Russia in their evil plot to  destabilize and dominate the West.   Tom Donilon, a former national security adviser then accused Russia of interfering  with elections all over Europe and then accused Trump is helping Russia directly. At that point, they were in too deep to turn back.The biggest impact of @wikileaks? Shining a spotlight on Russia s attempt to undermine American democracy and Trump s refusal to condemn it https://t.co/ALzpYm1Bb5  Josh Schwerin (@JoshSchwerin) October 21, 2016Clinton spin doctors Josh Schwerin and Michael Fallon would stoop even lower by accusing RT of having possession of the Podesta emails even before Wikileaks did. Their only evidence  seemed to be Twitter posts by RT News which Clinton held up as  proof  that the Kremlin was front-running Wikileaks email dumps. The Clinton braintrust failed to note that the Podesta emails were posted on Wikileaks own website well before RT News had tweeted about them. At that point it became obvious that the Clinton campaign was panicking and hysterically grabbing for any excuse they could get their hands on. We then watched, as one RT reporter after another dismantled the Clinton campaign s desperate claims. It was embarrassing.They could not face the uncomfortable fact that it was WikiLeaks head Julian Assange who chose the timing of the release of the DNC and Podesta emails. Rather than attack Assange himself, who happens to be popular with millennials (the very group Clinton struggles to connect with), her operatives opted to target Russia and Trump instead.Either way, the political strategy here is clear  to shoot the messenger. The Clinton campaign is stuck in permanent rear-guard mode, because based on the content of both the DNC Leaks, Wikileaks files, and Project Veritas video   their own Democratic Party has been discredited and exposed as a corrupt political organization.Their other big problem is that despite all the outrage from Democrats and their mainstream media surrogates, none of the leaked content has been challenged on the basis of its authenticity. The results speak for themselves. The initial DNC leak of 20,000 emails resulted in the resignation of DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz. They revealed the unthinkable: the Democratic National Committee actively worked to undermine the Presidential campaign of Bernie Sanders in favor of the establishment choice in Hillary Clinton. Sanders never had a chance. Honest commentators called this an affront to the democratic process, while party insiders and Clinton supporters pretended to be aloof as if it never happened.To prove this point, both President Obama and Hillary Clinton then gave Wasserman-Schultz a glowing endorsement on the way out. For the last eight years, Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz has had my back. This afternoon, I called her to let her know that I am grateful,  said Obama. Not surprisingly, Clinton thanked Wasserman Schultz, presumably for helping to knock her only competitor Sanders out of the Democrat primary race.  I am grateful to Debbie for getting the Democratic Party to this year s historic convention in Philadelphia, and I know that this week s events will be a success thanks to her hard work and leadership,  said Clinton.The party had sold its soul to devil and no one seemed to care too much about it.Party MeltdownWasserman Schultz s replacement didn t fair much better. DNC Vice Chairwoman Donna Brazile was installed to serve as interim chair through the remainder election, but Brazile was soon skewered by subsequent Wikileaks batches   showing how, on more than one occasion, she fed debate questions obtained from corrupt mainstream media operatives   straight to Hillary Clinton. A March 12 email exchange shows Brazile stating that she received a town hall question from Roland Martin, a TV One host who co-moderated a March 13 town hall with CNN s Jake Tapper. A March 5 email shows that she shared a question with Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and communications director Jennifer Palmieri that was to be asked in a March 6 debate hosted by CNN in Flint, Mich.  (Source: Daily Caller)Brazile s audacious fraud also helped contribute to her party s planned sabotage of Democrat challenger Bernie Sanders. Watch Brazile go into full meltdown when confronted here: In addition, it was also revealed how CNN s head political commentator, Gloria Borger, was named by Podesta as one of a shortlist of  journalists  the Clinton campaign would  work with  to gain favorable coverage. You d think that CNN would have dropped Borger after this was revealed, but no. Amazingly, Borger is still leading CNN s election coverage.Clearly, CNN cannot be trusted to police itself when it comes to matters of outright collusion with Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party.Ever-unbiased CNN's Gloria Borger refers to being in ""GOP hell"" and says she'll ""reach out soon"" to Podesta. Heart-warming #PodestaEmails13 pic.twitter.com/CQFdcJ12Q5  400-lb Hacker Owens (@NubianAwakening) October 21, 2016Worse Than WatergatePerhaps a bigger scandal which the Obama White House and Clinton campaign operatives would like to bury   is the FBI s investigation into the Clinton Foundation. Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal confirmed the existence of an internal feud between the FBI and the Justice Department, over whether or not to pursue an investigation into Clinton issue: Some investigators grew frustrated, viewing FBI leadership as uninterested in probing the charity, these people said. Others involved disagreed sharply, defending FBI bosses and saying Mr. McCabe in particular was caught between an increasingly acrimonious fight for control between the Justice Department and FBI agents pursuing the Clinton Foundation case. It isn t unusual for field agents to favor a more aggressive approach than supervisors and prosecutors think is merited. But the internal debates about the Clinton Foundation show the high stakes when such disagreements occur surrounding someone who is running for president. There s more. It was also revealed last week how Jill McCabe, the wife of FBI Deputy Director, Andrew McCabe, received $467,500 in campaign funds in late 2015 for her Virginia State Senate run. This unusually large donation came via a political action committee run by Virginia Gov.Terry McAuliffe   a Clinton Foundation board member. After the funds were donated, Andrew McCabe was then put in charge of the Clinton Email case. In normal times, this one scandal would be bigger than Watergate, but these are not normal times.So why is Washington going all out to deflect to Russia, and cover-up the Clinton scandals, and the Wikileaks document dumps? One reason is because the Clinton email issue goes all the way to the top   to the President himself.What 21WIRE reported on Oct 21st is how President Obama lied when first confronted about whether or not he knew about the existence of Hillary s unauthorized private server. Obama told CBS News on March 7, 2015 that he only found out about Clinton s server  the same time everybody else learned it through news reports.  The President s lie was confirmed when newly released FBI documents showed that: Obama used a pseudonym [bobama@ameritech.net] when communicating with then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton by email, and at least one of those emails ended up on Clinton s private email server. So, not only did Obama lie on national TV, but he also broke strict White House security protocols by carelessly exchanging private emails  off grid  with Hillary Clinton on a unsecured and unauthorized mail server    maybe to avoid the same scrutiny one would have on a government system. Who knows why he did it.Sure, he s not the first US President to lie, but like, Richard Nixon and Bill Clinton, Obama just joined that exclusive liars club   caught out lying to the American people.On top of this, any communications made by the President of the United States are de facto labeled as  born classified.   The same goes for any State Department communications with other foreign ministers. COVER-UP: John Podesta and Huma Abedin on the Hillary campaign jet (Image: ABC News)It should be well known by now after watching both Attorney Generals Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch in action   that the Obama Justice Department (DOJ) is one of the most politicized in history. Bear that in mind when looking at the latest leg of the Hillary Email case.On Friday, FBI Director James Comey set the election alight after announcing that the FBI would be reopening the Clinton email case   currently examining 650,000 emails found while investigating a laptop belonging to former US Congressman Anthony Weiner (estranged husband of top Clinton aid and long-time confidant Huma Abedin) who was snared in a  sexting  scandal, allegedly involving a underaged female. So which DOJ person is in charge of this investigation? None other than Assistant Attorney General Peter J. Kadzik. Who is Kadzik?  Zero Hedge reports: Oh yes. Recall our post from last week,  Clinton Campaign Chair Had Dinner With Top DOJ Official One Day After Hillary s Benghazi Hearing  in which we reported that John Podesta had dinner with one of the highest ranked DOJ officials the very day after Hillary Clinton s Benghazi testimony? It was Peter Kadzik. Oh, and if that wasn t good enough, Kadzik was also Podesta s lawyer back in 1998 when Ken Starr was investigating Podesta over his role in helping Bill Clinton intern/mistress Monica Lewinsky land a job at the United Nations. The two were described as  best friends. FOX News confirms: Fantastic lawyer. Kept me out of jail,  Podesta wrote on Sept. 8, 2008 to Obama aide Cassandra Butts, according to emails hacked from Podesta s Gmail account and posted by WikiLeaks.To call the Clinton circle incestuous would be an understatement, and on the whole, Americans are sick of it.Russia   The Party ScapegoatFormer Democratic Party leader Howard Dean was so incensed about the FBI reopening the case, he accused the FBI director of being in league with Russia, Tweeting:  Ironically Comey put himself on the same side as Putin. Ironically Comey put himself on the same side as Putin.  Howard Dean (@GovHowardDean) October 29, 2016Another veteran party operative and lifetime Clinton defender, James Carville, was so upset by the FBI announcement that he accused  the KGB  working with Republicans to  hijack the election  during his wild rant on MSNBC. I think this an outrage and I think the fact that the KGB is involved in this election is an outrage and I think the American people ought to take their democracy back regardless of what the press wants to do and the excuses they want to make for Comey. That s what I think,  said Carville.Maybe someone can remind Carville that there is no KGB, and that the Soviet Union actually dissolved in 1991.These are just a few scandals surrounding the Democratic Party and the Clinton campaign, along with the many expos s revealed through Wikileaks, and the Podesta email batches. Those are actual scandals with real tangible evidence   unlike the Russians hacking the DNC and John Podesta and passing those to Wikileaks. Suffice to say, the Democratic Party machine has already demonstrated that it is prepared to say anything in order to deflect and divert attention away from the damning Wikileaks material, and also blame Donald Trump in the process. It should be obvious by now that in their desperation to push a highly comprised Hillary Clinton over the finish line on November 8th, the Washington establishment has concocted the story that  Putin is trying to influence our electoral process in the US.  They ve tried to lay this at the feet of Donald Trump, who Obama and Clinton claim has some secret special relationship with Vladimir Putin. The liberal mainstream media have made a meal out of this talking point, and anti-Russian war hawks on the Republican side love it too. For the White House and the Clinton campaign this seemed like the ultimate clean sweep   a perfect double entendre.The geopolitical strategy behind this move was twofold. First, this non event would be used to advance immediate calls for  sanctions against Russia. Secondly, the US could continue to lean on Russia in the UN over Syria. Previously, 21WIRE reported how Washington s State Dept and UN delegations, led by the dynamic trio of John Kerry, Samantha Power, and John Kirby, already lied when levelling charges against Russia for war crimes in Aleppo, and again while accusing Russia and Syria of conducting an airstrike on a UN Aid Convoy in Syria. As we have already shown   that raid was most likely a ground attack carried out of US-backed  rebels  Al Nusra Front, or Nour al-Din al-Zenki.With so much at stake geopolitically, why would Washington lie about a potential World War III trigger event? If they are prepared to lie about this, what else are they prepared to lie about?The demonization of all things Russian has definitely accelerated since late 2013 when the US engineered a coup d etat in Kiev, Ukraine. Ever since that it s been a go-to talking point for ginning-up and new transaltlantic arms race, as with Republican war hawks   and a convenient scapegoat for any politician requiring misdirection, like Clinton and the Democrats. When the new year rang in 2015, the newly appointed head of the U.S. Broadcasting Board of Governors, Andrew Lack, announced the new challenges facing America s own state-run media arm that includes U.S. overseas propaganda assets including Voice of America, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, the Middle East Broadcasting Networks and Radio Free Asia. Lack said,  We are facing a number of challenges from entities like Russia Today which is out there pushing a point of view, the Islamic State in the Middle East and groups like Boko Haram, He was forced to resign shortly after that.What s clear is that when it comes to all things Russian, there is an established pattern of compulsive lying by this US Administration. The list is too long to chronicle here, although  Russian-backed Rebles Shootting Down MH17,  and  Assad Regime Sarin Attack in Damascus in 2013  certainly comes to mind.That said, it s hard to imagine a lie as egregious and potentially destructive than one which accuses the Russia government, a world nuclear power and member of the UNSC, of  Hacking Into the US Electoral Process.  When you examine history however, what you will find is plenty of evidence documenting exactly how the US government and the CIA have altered and flipped 100 foreign elections throughout history, the attempted assassination of over 50 foreign leaders. Knowing all this, one might find it hard to take seriously Washington s claims that Putin and Trump are trying manipulate the 2016 ElectionOn Oct 9, 2016, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov laid it all on the table: We have witnessed a fundamental change of circumstances when it comes to the aggressive Russophobia that now lies at the heart of U.S. policy towards Russia. It s not just a rhetorical Russophobia, but aggressive steps that really hurt our national interests and pose a threat to our security. Self-serving, career political operatives in Washington are playing a dangerous game. History will mark this as one of the biggest political follies of the Obama-Clinton era.Knowing what we now know about the NSA and its ability to hack and grab any email or text message from anyone, anywhere   if Washington really wanted to know where the hacks came from, maybe they could start there. Far be it from anyone in Washington or the media to ever adopt that line of inquiry.Still, we re waiting for the emergence of an adult in the room in Washington   before it s too late.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22412,Boiler Room EP #81 – Halloween Fireside Book of Suspense Vol. 1,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Randy J and Stewart Howe from 21Wire, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot,  Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis and Jamie Hanshaw (host of Happy Hearts) for the 81st episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in a Halloween Special broadcast of Boiler Room with the crew. This week we re boiling up some media maniac conversation with blend of topics that ONLY the Boiler Room can pull off.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Listen to  Boiler Room #81   Halloween Fireside Book of Suspense Vol. 1  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22413,PARTY CORRUPTION: Clinton Campaign Directly Tied to Disgraced DNC Consultant,"21st Century Wire says A tidal wave of revelations is pouring out of the Clinton campaign as the 2016 presidential election draws to a close.   MELTDOWN    The Clinton campaign continues to unravel following a series of troubling details. (Photo illustration 21WIRE)Over the weekend, it was discovered through a Wikileaks email dump, that Neera Tanden of the Center for American Progress, John Podesta s top aide, had an email exchange with Michael Lux of Progressive Strategies revealing that the Democratic consultant Robert Creamer of Democracy Partners, was closely allied with Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook.  POLITICAL BOMBSHELL    Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook had close ties to disgraced DNC consultant Robert Creamer. (Image Source: Lockerdome)Creamer gained national attention when he became the subject of video sting operation captured by the investigative non-profit Project Veritas. Not only was it revealed that the Creamer discussed ways to commit voter fraud and violence at Donald Trump rallies on camera   he also met with White House officials some 342 times over the past year, including 47 private meetings with President Obama or other senior officials.  DNC SCANDAL    Robert Creamer of Democracy Partners and Democratic congresswoman Jan Schakowsky. (Image Source: National Vanguard)Creamer s visits to the White House also included his wife, a 9-term Illinois Democratic congresswoman Jan Schakowsky.White House visitor records have shown that Schakowsky took 47  private meetings with Obama or his senior staff, over the past year. The consultancy Democracy Partners appears to have applied Schakowsky as a political buffering point, in the event of a fallout over their operations at a grassroots level. The nature of this type of procedural separation is to keep certain high-ranking officials of the hook in case of a massive upheaval over various underhanded campaign tactics, potentially giving the Clinton campaign and the DNC plausible deniability.The Mook fallout is the latest in a laundry list of problems for the Clinton campaign and comes at a time when interim DNC chair Donna Brazile, is embroiled in controversy of over leaked debate questions prior to at least two 2016 town hall debates. Brazile stepped down from her role at CNN earlier in October. Here s a passage from the Daily Caller describing the scenario: Donna Brazile, the interim chair of the Democratic National Committee, began providing town hall and debate questions to the Clinton campaign earlier than previously known, emails released by WikiLeaks on Monday show. The article continued by stating that the revelations expose that the interim DNC chair was more deeply involved than previously outlined: In the March 12 exchange, Brazile mentions [Roland] Martin by name and offers to provide more than just the one town hall question that she is known to have shared with the campaign. I ll send a few more. Though some questions Roland submitted,  Brazile wrote to Palmieri in the March 12 email thread, which is entitled From time to time I get the questions in advance. Martin, is a commentator for TV One and the host of News One Now, as well as a CNN contributor.In another matter, the Wall Street Journal revealed the following, while disclosing an apparently contentious relationship between the FBI and DOJ, while the FBI appears to be somewhat fractured over the latest email server case developments: The latest development began in early October when New York-based FBI officials notified Andrew McCabe [of the Terry McAuliffe campaign contribution scandal], the bureau s second-in-command, that while investigating Mr. Weiner for possibly sending sexually charged messages to a teenage minor, they had recovered a laptop. Many of the 650,000 emails on the computer, they said, were from the accounts of Ms. Abedin, according to people familiar with the matter. Some critics have called for McCabe to recuse himself after it was revealed his wife received $675,000 from a well-known Clinton confidant, Terry McAuliffe. This was further underlined after the House Oversight Commitee wanted more information about the Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe and its ties to the Clintons.The alleged internal feud among agencies was compounded when Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates objected  to FBI Director James Comey reopening the Clinton email server case this past week   something that added to the Lynch/Clinton tarmac meeting before the first FBI ruling in the Clinton case.According to a report filed by Zero Hedge, a close friend of Podesta, Peter Kadzik, the Assistant Attorney General of the Department of Justice (DOJ), will be in charge of a probe into Huma Abedin, Clintion s closest aide.Interestingly, as a mountain of controversy envelops the Clinton campaign, the FBI is now conducting an early inquiry into former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, over his alleged foreign business connections.Back in August, the following business connection was revealed by NBC news: In 2008, according to court records, senior Trump aide Paul Manafort s firm was involved with a Ukrainian oligarch named Dmytro Firtash in a plan to redevelop a famous New York hotel, the Drake. The total value of the project was $850 million. Firtash s company planned to invest over $100 million, the records say.That same year, Firtash acknowledged to the U.S. ambassador in Ukraine that he got his start in business with the permission of a notorious Russian crime lord, according to a classified State Department cable. Other cables say Firtash made part of his fortune through sweetheart natural gas deals between Russia and the Ukraine. Although the US State Department has determined that Firtash may have ties to a criminal enterprise in Russia   so far, there s nothing directly linking Manafort to any underground element at this time.Watch this space   as the Russia/Trump meme fostered by mainstream media or some other politically polarizing element will look to deflect from the Clinton campaign meltdown.More from LifeZette below   OUT OF CONTROL?    Wikileaks reveals Robby Mook s links to DNC contractor who discussed ways to commit voter fraud and violence. (Image Source: Slate)WikiLeaks: Trump Rally Agitator and Clinton Campaign Manager Are  Close Top Clinton aides discussed Bob Creamer and his  grassroots/netroots  operationby Jim Stinson LifeZette Robert Creamer, the operative behind sending provocateurs to Donald Trump rallies, was close to Robby Mook, Hillary Clinton s campaign manager, according to new emails released by WikiLeaks.Creamer, who allegedly spearheaded the dirty tricks for the Democrats, wasn t just consulting for the Democratic National Committee, according to videos made by Project Veritas. He was sending people to provoke Trump at events.Creamer has thus become a red-hot issue in the campaign. And now it s apparent he is close to Mook. That surprising detail came out Sunday morning when WikiLeaks posted hundreds more emails from John Podesta s Gmail account. Podesta is Clinton s campaign chairman whose account was hacked in March.More from LifeZette here READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22414,"Hillary’s Secret Weapon: Evan McMullin is CIA-Goldman Sachs candidate, backed by Mitt Romney’s Wall Street Machine","J.R. Smith 21st Century WireMuch has been made by Democrat Hillary Clinton and the White House s accusation that Russia is trying to influence US elections,  although neither has presented any real evidence to back up this extraordinary claim. On the other hand, there is plenty of evidence documenting the CIA interfering and altering numerous foreign elections throughout history. This raises an interesting question: would the CIA ever try to interfere in an US election? Evan McMullin is a 40-year-old self-described conservative Mormon   and  former  CIA operative. I enjoyed being a grey man,  said McMullin of his 11 years in the CIA.On the wall in his Salt Lake City campaign offices is a poster which reads  007 for President. That s a bit worrying, if indeed McMullin fancies himself as a James Bond character, but in a way it really sums up what his presidential run is all about   working in the  grey  areas, in back room meetings with GOP establishment luminaries, colored by private and public deception. It s what the CIA has specialized in for decades; manipulating and perverting hundreds of overseas elections   all in the interest of transnational corporate elites (like Mitt Romney), and now it seems they have an inside man nested in another key position  Oddly, the media often introduces him as a  conservative columnist    seemingly in an effort to distract from his total insider pedigree. McMullin is no  newcomer  or fresh face   he is a career operative, inserted into special niches, including his most recent stint as Congressional director of GOP policy. Now he s come out of the shadows to play a key role in the US election   on behalf of some very powerful interests.According to Real Clear Politics, McMullin describes his work as a clandestine operative for the CIA in both Iraq and Afghanistan, in  all the war zones post-9/11 until 2010 and most of the other hostile environments . He admits his job was to  penetrate insurgent and terrorist groups as well as foreign governments , recruiting agents to pass information  to take these people off the battlefield   either capture or kill them. Interesting skill set,  penetrating  governments. We can safely assume that also entails subverting elections overseas, or maybe using Saudi Arabian cash to buy weapons for Jihadi terrorist  rebels  in Syria.Not surprisingly, McMullin trumpets a loud anti-Putin and anti-Assad rhetoric which is almost perfectly in synchronization with that of Hillary Clinton s. Like Clinton, McMullin relies on a campaign of fear set against Russia and Syria in an attempt to try to bracket Trump togther with other overseas leaders currently under a  demonization order  by the Washington DC establishment. Donald Trump is an authoritarian just like Vladimir Putin, just like Bashar Al-Assad, just like the Communist regime in China. I have worked against and around authoritarians overseas and I know them when I see them. Donald Trump is one of them. He would bring the same kind of economic stagnation, internal turmoil and discord to our country that other dictators bring to their own. I m sure the Kremlin considers Donald Trump by far its most successful intelligence operation ever. It s very clear that Vladimir Putin and his regime have some control over Donald Trump. Trump s support for Putin is the only thing he has been consistent on. The following is straight off of McMullin s campaign website, under the heading of,  America s Role in the World : Evan will impose tougher sanctions on Russia and increase America s military presence in the Baltics in order to deter and reverse Putin s aggression, rather than pretending that he is a partner for peace in Syria. Evan will stand up for the rights of American and allied ships to sail freely in international waters, rather than letting China dominate the Western Pacific. This statement could ve just as well have written by the CIA s office of forward information planning, or from the office of Hillary 2016, take your pick.The next line in his r sum  should also throw up a big red flag: he s also a former operative at Goldman Sachs investment bank. So, CIA and Goldman Sachs. Aside from bank-rolling Bill and Hillary Clinton s political machine for the better part of the last 15 years, Goldman also backed Mitt Romney s failed 2012 presidential run.The connections here between all of these establishment players is undeniable   with McMullin sitting comfortably in his CIA  grey  area.Stealing Utah for Hillary If we can send a strong message here from Utah, it will change the discussion in Washington and across this country,  said McMullin.This is the problem with the contrived McMullin campaign: it will not impact the national political discussion.Since he announced his candidacy three months ago on August 8, 2016, his  campaign  has only really existed inside Utah, but conveniently amplified by an US corporate mainstream media   and the very same media outlets that have been demonstrably pro-Clinton, anti-Sanders and anti-Trump since the very beginning of the presidential race.Evan McMullin s primary directive seems to be to steal Utah s 6 electoral votes away from Republican candidate Donald Trump   who is currently enjoying a comfortable lead over Hillary Clinton in Utah. Recent polls show Trump and McMullin running neck and neck in Utah, at 30% and 29% respectively. In an already tight national race between Trump and Clinton, those 6 electoral votes could easily decide the national election   in favor of Hillary Clinton.Aside from Utah, McMullin is also hoping to steal away Republic votes in key states with substantial Mormon populations like Arizona, Idaho, and Wyoming. McMullin is hoping to exploit Mormon voter blocks over the issue of Donald Trump s bolshy demeanor and alleged past sex scandals   a negative which will resonate with conservative Mormon voters in places like Utah.Based on the incredible amount of national media access he s being given across all of the top establishment broadcast TV networks, it s pretty clear that the McMullin campaign is being engineered at the highest levels. For a candidate who appeared from nowhere in the last two months, he s enjoyed carte blanche airtime, including softball interviews on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd, The Week with George Stephanopoulos, as well as primetime slots on pro-Clinton media outlets CNN, CBS, NBC, and of course, on Democratic Party channel MSNBC.Here s his debutant spot on Morning Joe, where McMullin waxes on about how,  George Bush kept this country safe after 9/11 , and other familiar platitudes: When McMullin speaks, you can almost hear the voice of Mitt Romney and the old GOP establishment. If the Republican Party can t make the changes, as wasn t able to do after 2012, the conservative movement will need a new political vehicle,  said McMullin to Stephanopoulos.From these sort of statements, we can see that the object of McMullin s campaign is the same as Romney s   to keep the Republican candidate from winning on November 8th.Establishment scion Mitt Romney (photo, left) and his Wall Street partners are desperate, and deathly frightened that if Donald Trump wins, he will build a new GOP power base   one which is not based on a tight elite Wall Street investment bank circle that uses men like Romney as their intermediary to control govemnent affairs and fix markets   but rather, real people power based on grassroots, working class and middle class voters.The other subtle piece of the McMullin deception is how he constantly spins in the mainstream media about how a Clinton victory is already a fait accompli. In other words:  Trump has already lost, so cast your vote for me as a protest vote against the winner, Hillary Clinton.  By applying that subtle spin, McMullin hopes to avoid being fingered as Mitt Romney s #NeverTrump tool.Getting on enough ballots in enough states requires money, and a political machine. Enter the Team Romney McMullin s ability to get on the ballot in 11 states, and also  write-in  access in 32 others, was financed and run by a 501c3 Not for Profit organization which, like McMullin, suddenly popped up this year. It s called,  Better For America,  said to be founded by GOP operatives John Kingston and Joel Searby.When asked whether or not he s backed by Mitt Romney, McMullin always says  no , but the facts say otherwise. Here we can see clearly that McMullin is a creation of Mitt Romney s so-called #NeverTrump Movement. McMullin s primary backer in this project appears to be Kingston, who just happens to be a former GOP delegate from Massachusetts and donor to former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney, as well as executive producer for the 2014 documentary, Mitt.In addition, McMullin s running mate is former Mitt Romney campaign staffer, Mindy Finn. Aside from working in the Bush Administration, Finn also worked for Twitter and Google, specifically building their tech networks with the Washington Beltway. Another total insider.McMullin has also been working with former Mitt Romney campaign strategist Stuart Stevens.Behind the patriotic rhetoric in Better For America s marketing spin is well-financed, laser focused operation to steal Utah from the Republican party. In public, the organization claims that: We deserve better than two candidates that are deeply unfavorable among a majority of the people they claim to represent. Together, we can give a voice to the millions of Americans who cannot in good conscience vote for either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. If a third party candidate emerges, they need to know the support they have on the ground among the nearly two-thirds of Americans said they are willing to support an independent candidate. Better For America s claim is disingenuous at best, if not outright deceptive, not least because there were already third, and fourth party candidates   Gary Johnson (Libertarian Party) and Jill Stein (Green Party), both of whom have been organizing in all 50 states. This casual ignorance of the other alternative candidates indicates an attempt to totally manipulate the electoral conversation.Very underhanded yes, but this is something a CIA operative would be doing overseas thrawrting elections and destablizing fledgling democracies in target nations. Romney and Goldman Sachs End GameBeyond engineering a narrow victory for Hillary Clinton, Mitt Romney and the #NeverTrump conclave s last option is to steal the election after Nov 8th. It goes like this .Their final play would be if neither Trump nor Clinton receive the 270 electoral college votes required for an outright victory   which would then send the election to the House of Representatives. This hasn t happened since 1825. At this point a Republican House of Representatives (many of whom are #NeverTrump supporters) would choose any of the top three candidates who had won a state. If McMullin wins Utah, then he would theoretically be in with a chance. But not as good a chance as Hillary Clinton would.Regardless, either scenario (although the Clinton scenario is more real) is predicated on Evan McMullin s role as a spoiler. McMullin admits this openly: It depends on the race between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump being very, very close and it is not close now. For Clinton friends and campaign backers like Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein and fellow Wall Street elites, a Donald Trump victory could mean an interruption in profits   slowing down the financial organized crime and fiat paper fraud which has enriched them and the Clintons (and soon the Obamas too) ever since Bill Clinton gave Goldman and Co. the ultimate blank check when the outgoing US President repealed the Glass Steagall Act in 1999. With that one stroke of the pen, the Clintons set the stage for the 2008 Financial Collapse   and bailout recipient Blankfein and the Goldman syndicate (and Romney too) made vast fortunes off other people s misery. Notice that Goldman and Wall Street have been stuffing money into the Clinton s pockets ever since with speaking fees, jobs, investments, and also bank-rolling Chelsea Clinton s husband Mark Mezvinsky s hedge fund.Blankfein and his ilk brought the US economy to its knees, and were paid handsomely for their effort.It s an incestuous ring of financial skull-duggery   and you will not hear the righteous, self-styled  liberty  advocate Evan McMullin so much as mention any of this, let alone bad mouth his former employer and criminal financial institution   and yet, this is the real story that everyone should really be talking about this election   the seedy relationship between the likes of Goldman Sachs and the establishment s favored political candidates.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22415,‘The Process Has Begun’: FBI examine 650k emails on Clinton aide Abedin husband’s laptop,"21st Century WireAccording to reports, the FBI have obtained a warrant to examine newly discovered emails relating to possible classified material originating from Hillary Clinton s unauthorized private email server. The FBI will now pour through 650,000 emails found while investigating a laptop belonging to former US Congressman Anthony Weiner (photo, left) who has been caught in a  sexting  scandal alleged to have involved an underaged girl. Weiner is estranged husband of top Clinton aid and long-time confidant Huma Abedin. The process has begun, said an FBI source to the New York Times.This comes after a Friday afternoon announcement by embattled FBI Director James Comey stating the agency intended to reopen the previously closed investigation into former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s long-running email scandal.21WIRE reported on Comey s shock announcement Friday, and also detailed a leaked  memo supplied to Fox News  indicating that there might be an internal upheaval within the FBI over botching the previous leg of the investigation and possibly caving into the political pressure from the White House and the DOJ to drop the case in order to preserve Hillary Clinton s presidential run.Since the FBI announcement, the Clinton campaign has gone into full damage control mode, while the Trump campaign has enjoyed a small surge which has cut into Clinton s lead across all national polls. All this happening less than 10 days before voters go to the polls on Nov 8th.Oddly, Clinton, a former lawyer, has publicly demanded that the FBI  release all the information, and let the public know exactly what they have,  even though this would be a violation of legal procedures in a criminal investigation.Nevada Senator Harry Reid (photo, left) issued an open letter/press release accusing director Comey of somehow being in violation of the Hatch Act by attempting to interfere with a US election, stating, I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act,  said Reid. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law,  he added.Congressman Trey Gowdy (SC-R), the Chairman of the House Select Committee on Benghazi, was the first to discover Clinton s illegal email server during the initial Benghazi hearings. According to Gowdy, this latest move by the FBI could net an indictment due to possible evidence of a cover-up. Gowdy s reponse on FOX News to Reid s letter was stunning: Thank God he s leaving (office), is my initial reaction. My second reaction is, I did not know Mormons used drugs. Anyone who is capable of sending out that press release has to be under the influence of something. Watch Gowdy here: SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22416,Moore: Why Millions of Americans Are Voting Trump,"Brasscheck TVA lot of people are going to vote for Donald Trump in November. Tens of millions of them. Maybe enough to elect him president.If you don t understand why, this will clear it up for you  It may be self-defeating to put a man like this in office, but this is what happens when you put millions of people in a situation where they have nothing to lose. The establishment has f***ed over tens of millions of Americans   and now it s payback time. Just be glad they re not showing up with weapons.As for Hillary  she should have been indicted and taken off the ticket months ago.The Republican and Democratic parties have been revealed to be the cesspools that they are. The mainstream news media has been shown to be a paid shilling operation.EDITORS NOTE: The following is an audio clip is taken from Michael Moore s recent film, TrumpLand.  Ironically, Moore s film was meant to be a last-ditch pro-Clinton project, but as it turns out, this ultra-liberal enemy of Donald Trump delivered to best explanation for the Trump political phenomenon. Moore set out to make an anti-Trump film, but this clip accidentally went viral and has become a key rallying cry for the Trump Movement. Perhaps Moore is now regretting his inadvertent outburst of honesty. Listen: SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22417,SHOUT! POLL: Which US Oligarch Family is More Corrupt?,"21st Century Wire asks . HAVE YOUR SHOUT: Which US oligarch family is more corrupt, the Clintons, or the Bushes?VOTE, comment and engage  READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22418,"Ammon and Ryan Bundy Found ‘Not Guilty’ in Oregon Federal Case, Gov. Kate Brown Upset by Jury Decision","21st Century Wire Yesterday, Judge Anna Brown handed out  not guilty  verdicts to both Ammon and Ryan Bundy, leaders of the 41 day occupation of Malheur National Wildlife refuge near Burns, Oregon earlier this year.  The Bundys along with five other defendants, were acquitted of all major charges relating to the Oregon protest event, including  conspiring to impede refuge employees  and possession of firearms at a federal facility. Ammon Bundy led the protest in Oregon in January 2016.Ammon and Ryan Bundy are still being held in custody however, awaiting a second trial will they will face federal charges in the state of Nevada over the high-profile Bundy Ranch Standoff with the employees of the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) near Bunkerville in April 2014.The Burns standoff came to an abrupt end after one protest spokesman and Arizona resident, Robert LaVoy Finicum (photo, left), died after police fired on protester vehicles, before a special federal tactical team tracked, shot and killed the rancher at a pre-planned ambush along a remote rural road outside of Burns.Not surprisingly, the surprise acquittal has sent Democratic Party-linked media outlets into a tail spin. The New York Times still labelled the the Bundy brothers as  Armed antigovernment protesters  indicating a hyperbolic editorial bias against the defendants which was visible through the trajectory of this story.Similarly, both Oregon Gov. Kate Brown and Harney County Sheriff David Ward are on record saying that were not happy with Friday s verdict, not surprisingly, as both these officials played a crucial role in the state s escalation of violence which colminated in Finicum s death. Brown even issued a public statement saying she was disappointed  the jury s decision.Despite a campaign of highly coordinated  trial by media  propaganda, led by the Oregonian Newspaper and other federal-leaning media outlets like the Washington Post, and ultra-liberal websites like Salon.com the jury was still able to judge the facts, and eventually ruled on the side of the protesters. I knew that what my husband was doing was right, but I was nervous because the judge was controlling the narrative,  said Angela Bundy, 39, wife of Ryan to a Times reporter.According to one juror, the verdict was a statement regarding the various failures of the prosecution  to prove that there was a conspiracy   indicating that the federal government s botched affair might have been down to over-zealous political atmosphere in Washington that led to proscecutors going for a completely over-the-top set of charges in order to make a political statment   instead of just sticking to the facts and Constiutional law.Police Tase Bundy Lawyer in CourtroomRight after the verdict was rendered, a bizarre courtroom scene erupted which ended in one of the Bundy s defense lawyers was tased and taken into custody after he asked the court to produce paperwork showing the order to rearrest  his client. Attorney Marcus Mumford was visibly shaken after the incident.Watch the video testimony of Mumford here: READ MORE OREGON STANDOFF NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Oregon Files",0
22419,FBI Director Comey’s ‘Leaked’ Memo Explains Why He’s Reopening the Clinton Email Case,"21st Century Wire says 21WIRE reported on Friday about the FBI s surprising announcement that it would be reopening the Clinton email case due to new evidence of  classified information  found on sex cheat Anthony Weiner s (newly estranged husband of Clinton chief aid Huma Abedin)  computer which was subject to a seperate investigation. Will this really yield anything significant in the 10 days running-up to the Nov 8th election, or is this just clever Democrat party smoke and mirrors? It seems that Washington s political tricksters have already sprung into action After Comey s shock announcement, a leaked  memo appeared out of nowhere, supplied to Fox News, in which Comey and the FBI seem to be going through a routine set of prescribed political moves designed to implement damage control. ELITE CIRCLES: FBI head James Comey and friend Hillary Clinton.Certainly, a desperate Democratic Party, and an even more desperate Obama White House (over the last 3 weeks, Obama and his wife Michelle have been out campaigning more that Hillary Clinton herself), could be pressuring or nudging the FBI on this volatile issue which could easily tilt a close presidential race against Donald Trump. Aside from the obvious potential of another Clinton scandal, yesterday s FBI move could also be a prelude to the following possible scenarios:NOTE: Despite calls from the Clinton camp for FBI to disclose what they have (which they cannot by law anyway, you d think Hillary would have already known that), it is highly unlikely that the FBI will release any real specifics before the election   if they have anything at all. It s just too early to tell. SEE ALSO: FBI James Comey was board member of HSBC   Clinton Foundation & Drug Cartel  bank of choice The FBI director stoked outrage last month when he announced that he would not recommend the Justice Department seek an indictment against Clinton or any of the other parties to the investigation   allowing Clinton to dodge any criminal probe before the election   despite the fact that Comey stated to a Congressional investigative committee that Clinton was  extremely careless,  and that Clinton openly lied about her handling classified information on her unsecured private server throughout her tenure as the US Secretary of State.Zero Hedge adds: Now, it is the democrats turn to rage at Comey and the FBI, although Comey likely did not have much choice: had he kept the information secret, it certainly would have leaked as we predicted; as such his best recourse was to come clean, although many have speculated about the cryptic nature of the disclosure. Needless to say, all Comey would need to do to regain the Demcorats  trust and favor is to announce in just a few days that nothing material has been found and that the second probe is also over. Here is  leaked  (aka  just covering my ass) memo from FBI director James Comey:Watch this space.  Here is a highlight reel of Hillary Clinton lying on at least 5 occasions when asked direct questions about her illegal private email server:   . READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22420,FBI REDUX: What’s Behind New Probe into Hillary Clinton Emails?,"21st Century Wire says In a stunning turn of events 11 days before the 2016 presidential election, the FBI announced it is reopenning its investigation into Hillary Clinton s email server case, by probing newly emerging emails linked to Hillary Clinton.  NEW PROBE    The FBI gives Hillary Clinton a second look. (Photo illustraion 21WIRE)FBI October Surprise?According to reports, in a letter written today, FBI Director James Comey, stated that the FBI has begun a new probe into Hillary Clinton related emails once again. Comey offered scant details about the new probe, but due to an unrelated case, additional classified material may have been mishandled on Clinton s personal email server.CNBC reported the latest FBI developments, including a passage from Comey s letter discussing the new investigation: In previous congressional testimony, I referred to the fact that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had completed its investigation of former Secretary Clinton s personal email server. Due to recent developments, I am writing to supplement my previous testimony,  Comey wrote.In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation. I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation,  he added.Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant, and I cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work, I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony,  Comey concluded. Huma s Estranged  Sexting  HusbandAccording to a new report released via The New York Times: The presidential campaign was rocked on Friday after federal law enforcement officials said that emails pertinent to the now-closed investigation into Hillary Clinton s private email server were discovered on a computer belonging to Anthony D. Weiner, the estranged husband of a top Clinton aide. In a letter to Congress, the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, said the emails had surfaced in an unrelated case, which law enforcement officials said was an F.B.I. investigation into illicit text messages from Mr. Weiner to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. Mr. Weiner, a former Democratic congressman from New York, is married to Huma Abedin, the top aide. Comey has come under fire recently for apparently letting Clinton off the hook for mishandling, and lying to Congress, about classified emails coming through her  home brew  email server while she was Secretary of State. After previously closing the case, Comey has done a U-turn and is now saying the FBI will review the new emails to for classified information, and see whether it was mishandled.This unprecedented investigative move comes just two days after a Wikileaks docu-dump revealed a memo containing detailed financial information between Clinton Foundation donors and former president Bill Clinton s private financial activities. Among those included in the memo, was a $30 million dollar business arrangement under  Bill Clinton, Inc.,  with another $66 million dollar deal scheduled over nine years.The following is a tweet from Brad Jaffy of NBC Nightly News containing the new FBI recommendation The new investigation into the Clinton camp will most certainly spark new  Pay-to-Play  allegations, as the new FBI revelations also comes days after a Project Veritas hidden camera sting operation revealed that the Democratic consultant Robert Creamer of Democracy Partners, discussed ways to commit  large-scale  voter fraud as well as paying political agitators to cause violence at Donald Trump rallies.Out of Creamer s 342 visits to the White House, also included his wife, a 9-term Illinois Democratic congresswoman, Jan Schakowsky some 47 times.White House visitor records show that Schakowsky took 47  private meetings with Obama or his senior staff, also over the past year. The consultancy Democracy Partners appears to have applied Schakowsky as a political buffering point, possibly in the event of a fallout over their operations at a grassroots level. The impetus of this type of procedural separation is to keep certain high-ranking officials of the hook in case of a massive upheaval over various underhanded campaign tactics  thus giving a political campaign or political entity plausible deniability.  CAUGHT ON FILM    Robert Creamer resigns over a massive Democratic Party controversy. (Image Source: CNN)Creamer, a convicted felon, (in 2005, Creamer plead guilty $2.3 million in bank fraud and tax violations) was promptly shoved out of the Hillary Clinton campaign s inner circle,  following a heavily publicized video sting revealing his discussion about voter fraud and violence at Trump rallies. PAY TO PLAY?    Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe closely allied with the Clinton s negotiated a a campaign contribution involving the FBI. (Image Source new republic)It remains unclear what exactly reopened the new Clinton probe, but perhaps the FBI had its own cobwebs to clear out after it was revealed that a longtime Clinton associate, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe,  helped steer $675,000 to the election campaign of the wife of an FBI official who went on to lead the probe into Hillary Clinton s use of a private email system, according to a report. The NY Post also reported on the matter this past week: The political action committee of McAuliffe, the Clinton loyalist, gave $467,500 to the state Senate campaign of the wife of Andrew McCabe, who is now deputy director of the FBI, according to the Wall Street Journal.The report states Jill McCabe received an additional $207,788 from the Virginia Democratic Party, which is heavily influenced by McAuliffe.The money directed by McAuliffe began flowing two months after the FBI investigation into Clinton began in July 2015. Around that time, the candidate s husband was promoted from running the Washington field office for the FBI to the No. 3 position at the bureau. In a CNN report from October 18th, a week before the McAuliffe revelations,  According to notes from interviews conducted during an FBI investigation into Clinton s email practices, Undersecretary of State Patrick Kennedy personally tried to convince FBI officials that the email should be declassified. One interviewee described feeling  pressured  by another FBI official at Kennedy s request. The newly reopened FBI investigation into Clinton could be related to all or some of the items listed above, but there s no doubt that due to public backlash the FBI received following the first Clinton investigation, in addition to concerns over dealings between the FBI and Clinton associates   the agency needed to save face.It remains to be seen how new case will impact the US Presidential election.More from RT below (Image Source: youtube)FBI reopens Clinton investigation as new emails found   ComeyRTThe FBI has learned of more emails involving Hillary Clinton s private email server while she headed the State Department, FBI Director James Comey told several members of Congress, telling them he is reopening the investigation. In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of email that appear to be pertinent  to Clinton s investigation, Comey wrote to the chairs of several relevant congressional committees, adding that he was briefed about the messages on Thursday.  I agree that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation. RT continues here READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22421,Assange: ‘Crazed Clinton Campaign Tried to Hack WikiLeaks’,"SEE ALSO: ON THE QT:  US Election: Behind the Curtain  (PART 1)21st Century Wire says The Democratic Party and the Hillary Clinton campaign have chained themselves to the wild conspiracy theory that Russia is behind the embarrassing Wikileaks email dump and  the Kremlin is trying to interfere with the US election process    even though their is zero evidence to prove that ridiculous claim.Wikileaks has exposed what is arguably the biggest trove of political corruption in US history   but the majority pro-Hillary media are simply ignoring these leaks in order to get behind the media s pre-chosen candidate.So why is the Clinton political machine still panicking? Are we due for another October surprise ?RT Everyday that you publish is a day that you have the initiative in the conflict, Assange said via telephone at a conference in Argentina on Wednesday. The whistleblowing website has been releasing emails from Clinton s campaign chair, John Podesta, on a daily basis since early October.Assange claimed the release  whipped up a crazed hornet s nest atmosphere in the Hillary Clinton campaign  leading them to attack WikiLeaks. They attacked our servers and attempted hacking attacks and there is an amazing ongoing campaign where state documents were put in the UN and British courts to accuse me of being both a Russian spy and a pedophile,  he added.READ MORE: Suspicious US company tried to frame Assange as  pedophile  and Russian spyEcuador s decision to shut down his internet was described by Assange as a  strategic position  so that its  policy of non-intervention can t be misinterpreted by actors in the US and even domestically in Ecuador. ( ) He did, however, reject the idea that WikiLeaks is interfering with the US election, claiming,  this is not the interference of electoral process, this is the definition of electoral process   for media organizations and, in fact, everyone to publish the truth and their opinion about what is occurring. It cannot be a free and informed election unless people are free to inform. He also attacked US TV networks, many of whom he accused of being  controlled by Clinton supporters. ( ) The Podesta emails will make no difference to the election result, according to Assange.  I don t think there s any chance of Donald Trump winning the election, even with the amazing material we are publishing, because most of the media organizations are strongly aligned with Hillary Clinton,  he said Continue this story at RTREAD MORE WIKILEAKS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Wikileaks Files",0
22422,New Bill Gates AI-powered ‘Evolv’ Body Scanners will ‘inspect’ Americans in public spaces,"Beta testing set to begin at transportation hubs in Los Angeles, Denver and Washington for  Total Recall-style  high-speed body scanners  (IMAGE: Mashable)Mark Harris The Guardian  A startup bankrolled by Bill Gates is about to conduct the first public trials of high-speed body scanners powered by artificial intelligence (AI), the Guardian can reveal.According to documents filed with the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC), Boston-based Evolv Technology is planning to test its system at Union Station in Washington DC, in Los Angeles s Union Station metro and at Denver international airport.Bill Gates: turning society into a technocracy.Evolv uses the same millimetre-wave radio frequencies as the controversial, and painfully slow, body scanners now found at many airport security checkpoints. However, the new device can complete its scan in a fraction of second, using computer vision and machine learning to spot guns and bombs.This means individuals can simply walk through a scanning gate without stopping or even slowing down   like the hi-tech scanners seen in the 1990 sci-fi film Total Recall. A nearby security guard with a tablet is then shown either an  all-clear  sign, or a photo of the person with suspicious areas highlighted. Evolv says the system can scan 800 people an hour, without anyone having to remove their keys, coins or cellphones. The importance of it being fast can t be overstated,  said Aaron Elkins, an AI professor at San Diego State University, who is developing his own AI security technology.  Any place you currently see a metal detector would probably consider an upgrade. Millimetre-wave scanners are useful because they can identify both metallic and non-metallic items, such as 3D printed guns and explosives. But they have also attracted criticism because scanners were able to capture realistic images of people s bodies beneath their clothes. We never build an image that would enable anyone to see anatomical details, so there s no naked peepshow in the first place,  says Michael Ellenbogen, Evolv s CEO.  None of the raw data is stored and none of the data we do keep is traceable to an individual. Evolv claims that no human sees what the scanner is looking at. The system uses solid state micro-antennas to steer radar beams over anyone walking through the gate, and to pick up the reflections. That data is then fed to an AI system that has been trained to spot distinctive scattering patterns from all kinds of objects, including firearms, suicide bomber vests and even knives. The scanner also has a camera that takes a photo of each person passing through, enabling facial recognition.Because it promises to be faster and cheaper than existing millimetre-wave scanners, the new device could bring airport-level screening to venues that were previously difficult to secure Continue this story The GuardianREAD MORE A.I. NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire A.I. Files",0
22423,After The 2016 Election: A Gullible and Shattered America," David Kerans Strategic CultureBoth inside the US and around the world, political observers have been waiting a long time for an election that would promise relief from the most noxious features of the American system. Alas, while it is high time that the US lead the way in reversing these trends, the outcome of the 18 month struggle to elect a new administration looks likely to scuttle all hopes for serious leadership and reform. I m looking forward to a market crash to awaken the electorate out of our rut, honestly. Because if a Loony Tunes candidate {meaning Donald Trump   DK} doesn t give Democrats the courage to put up a push-left candidate {Bernie Sanders, or some facsimile   DK}, then catastrophe is the only correction we have left.   Commenter  Snapshotist Both inside the US and around the world, political observers have been waiting a long time for an election that would promise relief from the most noxious features of the American system, such as neoliberal economic austerity policies that hamstring governments  ability to maintain basic services and safety nets, military aggression and destabilization of regimes across a wide swathe of the globe, wholesale violation of privacy via NSA surveillance, trade agreements designed to maximize the power of international corporations over national governments, facilitation of fossil fuel extraction and infrastructure in the face of dire climate change consequences, a financial system sucking wealth away from the population and accelerating wealth inequality, and more.Alas, while it is high time that the US lead the way in reversing these trends, the outcome of the 18 month struggle to elect a new presidential administration looks likely to scuttle all hopes for serious leadership and reform on any of these critical issues. It follows, therefore, that in the near term (if not longer), progress will not be possible unless new forms of politics arise to deliver pressure from below on Washington, DC. But how much hope can we have for that?Continue this story at Strategic CultureREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22424,REVEALED: The Dark Agenda Behind Globalization and Open Borders,"The T.I.N.A. Doctrine    There Is No Alternative  Brandon Smith Alt-MarketWhen people unfamiliar with the liberty movement stumble onto the undeniable fact of the  conspiracy  of globalism they tend to look for easy answers to understand what it is and why it exists. Most people today have been conditioned to perceive events from a misinterpreted standpoint of  Occam s Razor    they wrongly assume that the simplest explanation is probably the right one.In fact, this is not what Occam s Razor states. Instead, to summarize, it states that the simplest explanation GIVEN THE EVIDENCE at hand is probably the right explanation.It has been well known and documented for decades that the push for globalism is a deliberate and focused effort on the part of a select  elite;  international financiers, central bankers, political leaders and the numerous members of exclusive think tanks. They often openly admit their goals for total globalization in their own publications, perhaps believing that the uneducated commoners would never read them anyway. Carroll Quigley, mentor to Bill Clinton and member of the Council on Foreign Relations, is often quoted with open admissions to the general scheme: The powers of financial capitalism had (a) far-reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences. The apex of the systems was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland; a private bank owned and controlled by the world s central banks which were themselves private corporations. Each central bank  sought to dominate its government by its ability to control Treasury loans, to manipulate foreign exchanges, to influence the level of economic activity in the country, and to influence cooperative politicians by subsequent economic rewards in the business world.    Carroll Quigley, Tragedy And HopeThe people behind the effort to enforce globalism are tied together by a particular ideology, perhaps even a cult-like religion, in which they envision a world order as described in Plato s Republic. They believe that they are  chosen  either by fate, destiny or genetics to rule as philosopher kings over the rest of us. They believe that they are the wisest and most capable that humanity has to offer, and that through evolutionary means, they can create chaos and order out of thin air and mold society at will.This mentality is evident in the systems that they build and exploit. For example, central banking in general is nothing more than a mechanism for driving nations into debt, currency devaluation, and ultimately, enslavement through widespread economic extortion. The end game for central banks is, I believe, the triggering of historic financial crisis, which can then be used by the elites as leverage to promote complete global centralization as the only viable solution.This process of destabilizing economies and societies is not directed by the heads of the various central banks.  Instead, it is directed by even more central global institutions like the International Monetary Fund and the Bank for International Settlements, as outlined in revealing mainstream articles like Ruling The World Of Money published by Harpers Magazine.We also find through the words of globalists that the campaign for a  new world order  is not meant to be voluntary.  When the struggle seems to be drifting definitely towards a world social democracy, there may still be very great delays and disappointments before it becomes an efficient and beneficent world system. Countless people   will hate the new world order   and will die protesting against it. When we attempt to evaluate its promise, we have to bear in mind the distress of a generation or so of malcontents, many of them quite gallant and graceful-looking people.    HG Welles, Fabian Socialist and author of The New World Order In short, the  house of world order  will have to be built from the bottom up rather than f rom the top down. It will look like a great  booming, buzzing confusion,  to use William James  famous description of reality, but an end run around national sovereignty, eroding it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the old-fashioned frontal assault.   Richard Gardner, member of the Trilateral Commission, published in the April, 1974 issue of Foreign Affairs The New World Order cannot happen without U.S. participation, as we are the single most significant component. Yes, there will be a New World Order, and it will force the United States to change its perceptions.    Henry Kissinger, World Action Council, April 19, 1994I could quote globalists all day long, but I think you get the general idea. While some people see globalism as a  natural offshoot  of free markets or the inevitable outcome of economic progress, the reality is that the simplest explanation (given the evidence at hand) is that globalism is an outright war waged against the ideal of sovereign peoples and nations. It is a guerrilla war, or fourth generation warfare, waged by a small group of elites against the rest of us.A significant element of this war concerns the nature of borders. Borders of nations, states and even towns and villages, are not just lines on a map or invisible barriers in the dirt. This is what the elites and the mainstream media would like us to believe. Instead, borders when applied correctly represent principles; or at least, that is supposed to be their function.Human beings are natural community builders; we are constantly seeking out others of like-mind and like-purpose because we understand subconsciously that groups of individuals working together can (often but not always) accomplish more. That said, human beings also have a natural tendency to value individual freedom and the right to voluntary association. We do not like to be forced to associate with people or groups that do not hold similar values.Cultures erect borders because, frankly, people have the right to vet those who wish to join and participate in their endeavors. People also have a right to discriminate against anyone who does not share their core values; or, in other words, we have the right to refuse association with other groups and ideologies that are destructive to our own Continue this story at Alt-MarketREAD MORE NWO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NWO Files",0
22425,"Boiler Room EP #80 – Heads They Win, Tails You Lose","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Randy J and Stewart Howe from 21Wire, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, and Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis for the 80th episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in some Boiler Room with the crew. This week we re boiling up some media maniac conversation with blend of topics that ONLY the Boiler Room can pull off.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Listen to  Boiler Room #80   Chaos, Clowns, Catastrophe & Collapse  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
22426,Clinton’s ‘No-Fly Zone’ over Syria Will Not “Save Lives” – It Will Lead to War with Russia,"Prof Michel Chossudovsky Global ReaseachThe media has failed to address the confrontation between the U.S. State Department and the Joint Chiefs of Staff.The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Francis Dunford (image, left) has warned both the US Senate as well Secretary of State John Kerry in no uncertain terms that a  No Fly Zone  over Syria would lead to war with both Syria and Russia, intimating a dangerous process of military escalation.In a Senate Arms Services Committee hearing, Dunford said, responding to questions from Republican Senator Roger Whicker (Mississippi): Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia  That s a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I m not going to make.  (Senate Armed Services Committee, September 22, 2016, emphasis added)At the third presidential debate, Hillary Clinton reasserted her commitment that if elected president, she would implement a no-fly-zone, intimating that the objective was to  save lives : I think a no-fly zone could save lives and could hasten the end of the conflict. I am well aware of the really legitimate concerns you have expressed from both the president and the general,  Clinton said in response to a question from Fox News debate moderator Chris Wallace. This would not be done just on the first day. This would take a lot of negotiation and would also take making it clear to the Russians and Syrians that our purpose here was to provide safe zones on the ground   I think we could strike a deal and make it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that this was something that we believe was in the best interest of the people on the ground in Syria.  (Fox News, emphasis added)At present, under the Obama administration, the joint chiefs of staff are opposed to the  No Fly zone .The Joint Chiefs of Staff are appointed by the Secretary of Defense.Under a Clinton presidency, a new Secretary of Defense as well as a new Chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, firmly committed to  A No fly Zone  over Syria would be appointed.Mich le Angelique Flournoy, a former Under Secretary of Defense for Policy is Hillary s choice for the position of Secretary of Defense, who favors the  No Fly Zone  option.According to Defense One:  The woman expected to run the Pentagon under Hillary Clinton said she would direct U.S. troops to push President Bashar al-Assad s forces out of southern Syria and would send more American boots to fight the Islamic State in the region.     Confirmed by the Leaked Emails Michele Flournoy is a crony of the Clintons. She has called for  limited military coercion  to help remove Assad from power in Syria, including a  no bombing  zone over parts of Syria held by U.S.-backed rebels. This is tantamount to a no fly zone to protect the terrorists including ISIS Daesh from actions by Syrian and Russian forces.According to Defense One:Flournoy did not deny the entire report that she favors increased U.S. intervention; for instance, she acknowledged her support for U.S.  strikes using standoff weapons   to retaliate against Syrian military targets  to enforce the no-bomb zone Continue this article at Global ResearchREAD MORE HILLARY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Clinton Files",0
22427,Paul Craig Roberts: ‘By Cooperating with Washington on Syria & Russia Walked Into a Trap’," By Paul Crag RobertsA month ago I wrote a column ,  He Who Hesitates Is Lost And Russia Hesitated.  The consequences of this hesitation are now apparent:1. A UN report orchestrated by Washington has accused Syria and Russia of war crimes in Aleppo. According to the report,  indiscriminate airstrikes across the eastern part of the city by Government forces and their allies [Russia] are responsible for the overwhelming majority of civilian casualties. These violations constitute war crimes. And if knowingly committed as part of a widespread or systematic attack directed against civilians, they constitute crimes against humanity. The UN Human Rights Council has now voted to start an  independent  investigation. The purpose of the investigation is to indict Russia and Putin as war criminals and to  bring to justice those responsible for the alleged abuses.  Moreover,  the situation should be urgently referred to the International Criminal Court. Every party to this conflict must know that they will be held accountable for the international crimes they commit   all, without selective protection or discrimination.  Keep in mind that Washington provides the largest share of the UN s budget, and the UN will overlook that it was Washington that sent ISIS to Aleppo.Obviously, neither Washington nor the UN will be able to drag Putin into the International Criminal Court, but a war criminal charge can serve Washington s purpose by stopping Putin from traveling abroad and curtailing his diplomatic efforts. The purpose of this orchestrated exercise is its propaganda value. Among Washington s many concerns is that some Eastern European countries, alarmed by the conflict that Washington is leading them into with Russia, will threaten NATO with a non-participation statement. If Russia is branded a war criminal, it becomes even more difficult for countries that foolishly and thoughtlessly joined NATO to extricate themselves from the consequences.2. Washington has succeeded in bringing to power in Poland the far right-wing Law and Justice Party. These agents of Washington have re-opened the matter of the death of Poland s President Kaczynski in a plane crash, making wild claims that the crash was a terror attack by Russia aimed at depriving Poland of its political leadership. Despite massive and convincing evidence to the contrary, the Law and Justice Party s claims will find traction thanks to the scary portrait of Russia painted by Washington s demonization campaign. The intended result is to further blacken and isolate Russia and its government.3. As the anointed spokesperson for the neoconservative warmongers, Hillary wants Washington to enforce a no-fly zone in Syria. A no-fly zone would require Washington to attempt to prevent Syrian and Russian air strikes against ISIS positions. It seems clear enough that Syria and Russia would not accept any attempt to deny Syria the use of the country s own airspace in the conflict against forces sent by Washington to overthrow the Syrian government, as happened to Gaddafi in Libya. Unless Russia and Syria surrender, Hillary s no-fly zone would result in military conflict between Russia and the US.To advance the no-fly zone proposal, the  use of chemical weapons  ruse has been resurrected. Fabricated reports are appearing that the Syrian air force is guilty of dropping chemical weapons on the Syrian population. On October 22, the Indian Express reported that on October 21 the UN-Led Joint Investigative Mechanism informed the UN Security Council that the chemical attack on Qmenas  was caused by a Syrian Arab Armed Forces helicopter dropping a device from a high altitude which hit the ground and released the toxic substance that affected the population.  The report concluded that three of the chemical attacks investigated were made by Syria and one by the Islamic State.The fact that the Russians resolved the chemical weapons issue in 2014, a year before the alleged attack on Qmenas, by taking possession of the weapons and removing them from Syria means that the report has little credibility. However, at no time during Washington s 15-year-old attack on Muslim countries have facts played any role, and certainly facts have played no role in Washington s demonization of Russia.4. Diana Johnstone has concluded that Hillary intends regime change for Russia and will use the presidency for that purpose.It is impossible to imagine a purpose more reckless and irresponsible. Many members of the Russian government have stated that Washington s provocation and demonization of Russia have brought trust between the nuclear powers close to zero and that Russia will never again fight a war on her own territory Continue this article at The Institute for Political EconomyREAD MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia Files",0
22428,"Insider Firm ‘FlashPoint’ tied to Orlando Shooting, Now Investigating DDoS Hack on America","Shawn Helton  21st Century WireIn the wake of the distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks that targeted many online companies and news agencies last week such as Amazon, Netflix, CNN and The New York Times, we learned that the threat intelligence firm Flashpoint assumed the lead public relations role in the media after the event   just as they did following the highly suspicious Pulse Nightclub shooting in Orlando this past the summer. Flashpoint is said to be investigating the nature of the alleged  hacker DDoS attacks against the networks of the internet traffic management company Dyn and many others just days ago.Later in this report, we ll focus our attention on the uncanny ties between the firm Flashpoint, the Orlando Shooting and the massive internet related outage this past week.But first things first, let s review elements of the recent DDoS attack in America   CYBER GAMES    The DDoS attack story falls in line with a designer western political agenda. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)On October 21st, the technology blog Engadget discussed the cyber attacks that led to an internet outage across America and other parts of the world: Today s nation-wide internet outage was enabled thanks to a Mirai botnet that hacked into connected home devices, according to security intelligence company Flashpoint. The distributed denial of service attack targeted Dyn, a large domain name server, and took down Twitter, Spotify, Reddit, The New York Times, Pinterest, PayPal and other major websites. Flashpoint has observed Mirai attack commands issued against Dyn infrastructure,  Flashpoint writes.  Analysts are still investigating the potential impact of this activity and it is not yet clear if other botnets are involved. The Engadget article mentioned above, further explained that security experts had been prepping the public for an eventual Mirai malware attack since its code open-source was leaked: The author of the Mirai malware made its code open-source, and security experts have been warning of a possible large-scale attack since this information came to light. In another media supplied back story the coming  launch  of Mirai was discussed through the security based website managed by Brian Krebs, on KrebsOnSecurity   who ironically, have twice been the victim of cyber attacks over the years: The source code that powers the  Internet of Things  (IoT) botnet responsible for launching the historically large distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack against KrebsOnSecurity last month has been publicly released. Interestingly, according to Bradley Barth, a senior reporter for the IT security online magazine SC, the Mirai (supposedly leaked on September 30th) contains a very unique subset of characteristics that will not attack certain IP addresses such as the Department of Defense (DoD), the US Postal Service and consumer giant General Electric (GE) due to its coding: An Imperva analysis of the source code revealed several unique traits, including a hardcoded blacklist of IPs that the adversary did not want to attack, perhaps in order to keep a low profile. Some of these IPs belonged to the Department of Defense, the U.S. Postal Service and General Electric (GE). Though SC claims that the makers of Mirai may have been trying to keep a low profile, the recent DDoS attack attributed to the malware was as high-profile as you can get   so this begs the question, what was the real reason the malware creators put an IP blockade on the DoD, the Postal Service and GE?Is it possible the malware originated from whitehat hackers associated with the US government, or from a major US defense contractor like GE?Politico disclosed that the hacktivist avatar known as the  New World Hackers  and Anonymous (now a ubiquitous brand which could be anyone or anything) were responsible for the DDoS attack on Twitter and others, adding that  U.S. officials preached caution, arguing there is still scant evidence to determine who is behind the attack, warning that both groups have falsely taken credit for high-profile attacks in the past.  Flashpoint then declared that the group were  imposters,  as the article then referenced Obama s recent far-fetched claims that Russia is somehow  meddling  with US elections through proxy hackers   once again, without offering any definitive proof.Mainstream media pundits, including those at CNN, were also quick to dismiss the New World Hackers as an  illegitimate group  who had  falsely taken credit for hacks in the past. Less than 24 hours after the nationwide DDoS cyberattack, former Homeland Security Advisor to United States President George W. Bush, Fran Townsend, (left photo) reignited the ever popular blame Russia  meme (as we predicted) in a CBS article: CBS News homeland security consultant Fran Townsend pointed to Russia as a possible instigator. Is this sort of a brushback pitch from the Russians sending us a message that we should be pretty careful about engaging in this sort of cyberactivity with them because they are very capable,  she said. Townsend, also made the rounds on media after the bizarre anomaly ridden Nice Attack, pushing the mainstream narrative.In our first report regarding the alleged hack on America, we discussed the DDoS event and how it would be politicized by the media and US officials to blame Russia, feeding into the false claims that the Kremlin is somehow tampering with the 2016 US elections. We also talked about how the incident might be used to push a newer and more restrictive Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) and its Senate doppelg nger, the PROTECT IP Act aka PIPA   dual provisions aimed at restricting the use of copyrighted material on the internet, which could have vast implications on free speech. It is also important to reiterate that one of the main issues concerning the US government as the cyberspshere grows is ISP  governance  which is code for making ISP comply to any unlawful requests by Federal authorities   including cutting internet access to individuals or organizations deemed to be  undesirable  by the state.Last week s choreographed cyber attack on popular websites and companies that allegedly spread through the Mirai botnet malware via the Internet of Things (IoT), has opened up another aspect of the story. This part of the narrative, appears to prey on the fears of the general public as IoT devices have become increasingly connected, setting the stage for new security protocols and new cyber security products to be conveniently rolled out at any future date following a cyber crisis.It should be mentioned that the security firm Flashpoint was front and center (along with the internet performance company DYN)   weighing in on the situation prior to any US intelligence agency making an official statement.Flashpoint operates as an intelligence watchdog, as well as an intelligence asset, in addition to playing a PR role for some recent large-scale incidents   but who are they really?  PUZZLE PIECE     The security firm Flashpoint delves into the deep dark web for its clients. Screen Shot Image Source: (flashpoint-intel.com)Meet FlashpointAccording to Flashpoint s own website, they are a private cybersecurity firm that is composed of a diverse crew of white-hat hackers, engineers, analysts, salespeople, marketers, and operations specialists [who] are fearlessly problem-solving as we change the way organizations evaluate risk. The clandestine firm adds that their  premium Business Risk Intelligence solutions afford superlative access and visibility into opaque areas of the Internet, empowering our clients to defend themselves against various cyber and physical threats. While looking into Flashpoint s investor section, we learn that the American venture capital firm Greycroft Partners is listed among those contributing to the security firm. It turns out that Greycroft is also a large campaign contributor to the Clinton campaign, as discussed by Huffinton Post: At least eight hedge funders are listed as Clinton fundraisers, collecting more than $100,000 each for the campaign. These include Blair Effron of Centerview Partners, Marc Lasry of Avenue Capital Group, Orin Kramer of Boston Provident, Charles Myers of Evercore, Deven Parekh of Insight Venture Partners, Alan Patricof of Greycroft Partners, and Lisa Perry, who is married to Perry Capital CEO Richard Perry.  FLARE UP    Here s Flashpoint s mission statement. (Screen Shot Image Source: (flashpoint-intel.com)While Greycroft s contributions to the Clinton campaign are somewhat of a sidebar to the recent internet outage attack, it does represent another uncanny business and political connection that links a secretive firm (Flashpoint) that appears to be taking a large role in steering the public s perception over certain incidents occurring in America. You have to wonder if this is really just a coincidence?By this, we can see just how tight the elite inner circle is, with a small collective of corporate and media gatekeeper   and their political operatives   all carefully stage-managing the narrative around almost every high-profile controversial event in America, and also in Europe too.From America s largest mass shooting to America s largest Internet outage?On June 24th, less than two weeks after the Orlando shooting at Pulse Nightclub, Flashpoint was said to have acted as a  translator  for al Qaeda s terror publication Inspire, which according to the security-based firm, appeared to be  claiming some responsibility  for the shooting even though the purported shooter Omar Mateen was allegedly linked to ISIS.The NBC report stated the following on June 24th: Flashpoint co-founder Evan Kohlmann, an NBC terrorism analyst pointed out that even though Mateen cited ISIS as the inspiration for the attack, al Qaeda seemed to be claiming some responsibility because it has called for  lone wolf  attacks against the West. Kohlmann said the statement   which lauded Mateen as a heroic  lone jihad  holy warrior   appears to be an official Inspire release. But he said it was far less professional than others, including one after the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings that went to great lengths to praise the Tsarnaev brothers, who said they learned to make their explosive devices from another Inspire publication. The purported terror publication Inspire has come under fire in recent years as some critics charge that the magazine may actually be a CIA creation, something which is echoed through its ties to the dubious AQAP terror operation.During our summertime investigation into the suspicious events at the Orlando Pulse nightclub, we found evidence that Omar Mateen s worldwide security firm G4S was a client of the crisis staging company called Crisis Cast. The following is a passage from that report: Truth is often stranger than fiction when looking at the bizarre phenomena surrounding many mass casualty incidents   and the Orlando Pulse nightclub shooting was no exception.It was recently revealed that the world s largest security firm G4S, who had employed the man named in the Orlando pulse nightclub shooting, Omar Mateen  is a client of the mass casualty staging company called CrisisCast.   STAGING REALITY    CrisisCast specializes in replicating mass casualty events. (Screen Shot Image Source crisiscast)Casting Crisis & Training for Disaster The heavily-stylized company CrisisCast, appears to be a revamped version of the Visionbox Crisis Actors project (a crisis actor production emerging after Sandy Hook), with a professional team of actors, elaborate film crews, expert producers and theatrical effects makeup squads mimicking real-life injuries (additional prosthetics)   all focused to deliver a simulated crisis-likereality to the public, later to be managed accordingly through their public relations division via various forms of social media. RELATED: (VIDEO)  Active Shooter  and  Terror  Drills: The Truth WILL Shock YouInterestingly, another client listed on the Crisis Cast website appeared to be another company named Flashpoint, apparently unrelated to the internet based security firm   MILITARIZED    Another company also called Flashpoint, was tacitly connected to the Orlando shooting via Crisis Cast. (Screen Shot Image Source crisiscast)There is nothing concrete linking the two Flashpoint companies but the very fact that both are tied to the Orlando shooting, albeit in an opaque way, suggests there could be some deeper connection.Is  Flashpoint   Reality Based Training,  the militarized counterpart to the cybersecurity firm Flashpoint?Here s Flashpoint   Reality Based Training describing the reality they construct for their clients, which appears to fall in line with the internet based Flashpoint: Environments will need to become more realistic   the sights, sounds and smells will increase in fidelity.  We believe the requirement for combined live and virtual events will increase and that these will be networked geographically by governments, military and NGOs. We also anticipate an increase in the requirement for us to track trainees and deliver accurate after-action reviews as part of our Reality Based Training. What s next in a world with designed outcomes, false narratives, uncanny connections and staged crises?All we have to do is follow the money.READ MORE ORLANDO SHOOTING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Orlando FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22429,EXCLUSIVE: Ex-Bernie Delegate Reveals Why He Fled Democratic Party for the Greens," Roving political analyst Stuart J Hooper drops in the see what was happening as Bernie Sanders hit the western college campuses on to campaign for Hillary Clinton.The following is an interview with an ex-Bernie delegate who, following the DNC collusion with the Clinton camp to kill the Sanders campaign, has since left the Democratic Party to support Dr Jill Stein and the Green Party. He explains how Sanders was coerced into backing the corrupt Clinton campaign.Listen to his emotional statement here:  SUPPORT OUR WORK  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22430,Trump’s Latest Tease Pales Next to Bush and Gore’s Election War in 2000," It s teetering on the ridiculous watching the US mainstream media get their knickers in a twist over Donald Trump s provocative comments during the last Presidential Debate about the possibility of election rigging,  and whether or not he would respect the official result on November 8th.Paul Ryan, the Republican speaker of the House, also weighed in decriying Trump s assertion akin to a  threat to democracy , stating,  Our democracy relies on confidence in election results, and the speaker is fully confident the states will carry out this election with integrity. More than a bit melodramatic, considering recent history It seems that the unashamed pro-Clinton US mainstream media have an incredibly short memory. Remember the 2000 Presidential race between George W. Bush (Republican) and Al Gore (Democrat)? It was not only contested, the election was eventually called on a technicality by the US Supreme Court.Who held up the election: the very same Democratic Party who are going hysterical over Trump s recent off-hand remarks. Again, that same Democratic Party also cried foul in 2004, when John Kerry lost by a narrow margin to the incumbent Bush.Was there fraud and rigging in 2000 and 2004? Many leading leftwing media pundits still think so, and yet the US liberal-dominated mainstream media and political savants still equate Trump s comments with a coup d etat threat.Brasscheck TV says: Here s sanitized, mainstream news media s account of  the endless campaign of 2000.  And even their version is wild and unbelievable   Anyone who has seriously studied the issue knows that the level of voter fraud, although not zero, is minuscule, and that in-person impersonation hardly ever exists. Yet by saying it over and over, Trump is fanning flames that are dangerous for our democracy. Always the dutiful gatekeeper and establishment-controlled media arm, CNN makes the old Pravda seem like Zero Hedge.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22431,"Russia-WikiLeaks Conspiracy Theory: “Clinton claim ridiculous, based on lazy US Twitter culture”","21st Century Wire says As 21WIRE reported previously, since this past summer Washington and its media surrogates have been seeding the news cycle with the talking point that Russia was responsible for the DC Leaks and WikiLeaks document dumps, and that Russia is somehow trying to  hack  the US elections. Here s what the Clinton campaign claimed:Once again, Russian propaganda network RT shows collusion w/ @wikileaks by promoting new email dump before even WL does.  Glen Caplin (@GlenCaplin1) October 17, 2016Of course, they were completely wrong.21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen spoke to RT International about the Hillary Clinton campaign s ridiculous accusation that somehow RT News had the latest batch of emails before WikiLeaks did, and how the US media and political establishment can t comprehend a reality beyond their transient Twitter feeds. Watch: SUPPORT OUT WORK   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22432,"SOPA False Flag? Alleged ‘Hack’ on Netflix, Twitter, Amazon – US ready to blame Russia","Shawn Helton 21st Century WireYesterday, a wave of distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks hit some of the top online companies websites including Amazon, Netflix, Twitter and Reddit. One cannot rule out the very real possibility that this a staged-managed event, especially when you consider The New York Times was listed among those affected. If recent US media and political themes are anything to go by, you can expect a cascading chorus of blame directed at Russia.In this age of America s new and improved trial by media format, you can expect a litany of unfounded accusations, along with the usual anti-Russia hyperbole and waving fingers at Washington s new go-to scapegoat   Russian president Vladimir Putin.The likelihood of Russia or any other country being involved in this heavily coordinated DDoS incident falls flat, when you consider that the US media has been floating the  blame Russia  meme for months now, and even more conveniently during this 2016 US presidential election cycle, led by Vice President Joe Biden, and of course, the Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, all blaming the Kremlin for both the DNC Leaks and the Wikileaks email dump.Indeed, as you look back at NY Times articles since the summer, the stage was being set to implant the idea of an alleged Russian cyber war being waged at the US, principally charging that they would  meddle  with the US presidential elections in 2016 by aiding Donald Trump. Here s the NY Times building the case for Washington, seemingly without the burden of proof: An unusual question is capturing the attention of cyberspecialists, Russia experts and Democratic Party leaders in Philadelphia: Is Vladimir V. Putin trying to meddle in the American presidential election?Until Friday, that charge, with its eerie suggestion of a Kremlin conspiracy to aid Donald J. Trump, has been only whispered. In August, the western media s claims against Russia hit overdrive, when the  New York Times s Moscow bureau was the target of an attempted cyberattack this month. But so far, there is no evidence that the hackers, believed to be Russian, were successful. Flash forward to September here and here, as well as early October in the lead up to President Obama s decree, the Clinton friendly outlet the NY Times had all but solidified the Russian cyber/hack claims   once again, without any definitive proof.If Russia is going to be the scapegoat for this recent DDoS attack, then consider the following   HACK ATTACK?    Who was behind the Black Friday internet outage in America? (Photo illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Immediately when the cyber attack story broke, the establishment quickly wheeled out their  experts , as CNN s chief gatekeeper Wolf Blitzer cued-up scripted questions to Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) advocate, Congresswoman Marsha Blackburn (R, TN), Vice Chair of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Not only is Blackburn is a staunch supporter of more draconian copyright laws (she once claimed that  Fair Use  was the same as  theft), she is also a fellow traveller on Washington s Anti-Russia bandwagon.In true propagandist fashion, Blitzer wasted no time asking her,  Do you think this be the work of a foreign government?  Blackburn immediately blamed the hack on the fact that the SOPA bill didn t pass, claiming that SOPA  would have blocked some of the bad actors ,  and went on to blame  cyber bots  (activists) for defeating the bill. From the obvious way that Washington oracle CNN had this story already cued up, it strongly indicates that the Washington was stage-managing this latest  cyber crisis.  WAITING IN THE WINGS: Tennessee  Republican Congressman Marsha Blackburn.As scapegoats go, blaming Russia is the gift that keeps on giving (and way past this Christmas). Last week, President Obama threw Hillary Clinton a campaign assist by formally accusing Russia of interfering with US elections process through Wikileaks. Suddenly, Washington had declared a Cyber War against Russia. The NY Times wrote: Since the Obama administration formally accused Russia about a week ago of trying to interfere in the election, there has been intense speculation about whether President Obama has ordered the National Security Agency to conduct a retaliatory cyberstrike.Despite all the White House and corporate media hype, no evidence at all has been presented by Washington that proves the Kremlin are hacking and  interfering with the US election process. Vice President Joe Biden, also spoke on matters of security and sent a telegraphed  message to Putin  through NBC s Meet the Press, just one day after Obama s own  Russian  declaration. Based on these latest developments, it s easy to see how this could have been an effort prime another back story to blame Russia for these DDoS attacks.The real question surrounding this apparent DDoS attack, should be directed at America s National Security Agency (NSA) and its bevy of contractors, many of whom are tasked with global and (illegal) domestic surveillance, through passive data collection and clandestine processing of communications. Surely they would know where this attack was originated (including in-house).Could this latest incident possibly be to further create a  climate of fear  during this, the most contentious presidential election in 40 years?Could this also be a government-coordinated cyber drill?Was this a government orchestrated false flag hack?It s no secret that the US government would like to pass a newer more potent version of 2011-2012 s  Stop Online Piracy Act otherwise known as SOPA. In fact, NextGov, reported the following in 2014: Nearly three years after a massive online protest derailed the Stop Online Piracy Act, many lawmakers are still nervous about even uttering the name  SOPA  in public.The bill, which once had broad bipartisan support and was a top priority for the entertainment industry, has become a dirty word. The backlash was a traumatic lesson for members of Congress about the danger of siding against tech companies and Internet activists, who warned the bill could break the Internet.Now, for the first time since SOPA crashed and burned in early 2012, the House Judiciary Committee is preparing to work on a major update of copyright law. As lawmakers cautiously return to the issue of copyright protection, the SOPA protest looms large in their minds. Tech outlet Wired described the incident in the following manner. It s crucial to note that the internet performance management company Dyn was front and center   weighing in on the situation prior to any US intelligence agency making an official statement. Dyn states: This morning s attack started around 7 am ET and was aimed at Dyn, an Internet infrastructure company headquartered in New Hampshire. That first bout was resolved after about two hours; a second attack began just before noon. Dyn reported a third wave of attacks a little after 4 pm ET. In all cases, traffic to Dyn s Internet directory servers throughout the US primarily on the East Coast but later on the opposite end of the country as well was stopped by a flood of malicious requests from tens of millions of IP addresses disrupting the system. Late in the day, Dyn described the events as a  very sophisticated and complex attack.  Still ongoing, the situation is a definite reminder of the fragility of the web, and the power of the forces that aim to disrupt it. Regardless of who was actually behind the widespread internet attack, judging by the rhetoric and the mainstream media talking points  this has to be about the government wanting to usher in new  ISP governance  (making ISP s bent to government wishes to  kick out the bad actors  off their networks) and rights-violating security protocols. Is it also possible that social media giant Twitter and mega-consumer brands like Amazon have been used as willing guinea pigs, just like Yahoo was recently when their mailable CEO Marissa Mayer handed over the backdoor keys to Yahoo customer email account to the NSA and FBI.Are the US government determined to gain complete access and have total control over the internet?The idea isn t that far-fetched Yahoo s Marissa Mayer: sold out to the NSA.After Yahoo recently admitted to creating a virtual backdoor for US intelligence agencies to spy on everyday citizen s email accounts, the government exposed its own Orwellian ambitions: Yahoo last year secretly built a custom software program to search all of its customers  incoming emails for specific information provided by US intelligence officials, according to people familiar with the matter.The company complied with a classified US government directive, scanning hundreds of millions of Yahoo Mail accounts at the behest of the National Security Agency or FBI, two former employees and a third person apprised of the events said. This is a very important issue moving forward, as a dip in consumer confidence could be a crushing blow to any company s overall brand after complying with new  1984  security measures   all at the behest of the FBI, NSA, CIA and their trusted partners.Back in March, individual privacy versus global security was at the heart of the case between Apple and the FBI. Here s a telling passage from that report as it relates to this most recent internet attack: The ongoing encryption saga between Apple and the FBI, we stated that there are no guarantees in the security world, especially if a digital master-key were to be created, as this would potentially make it easier for invaders (either the government, or various hackers) mining for data moving forward into the future.In a recent Guardian article, some of those involved in the technology and security sector offered their thoughts regarding the government s continued encroachment on individual privacy: Dan Kaminsky, the security expert who made his name with the discovery that one of the most basic parts of the internet, the domain name system, was vulnerable to fraud   disagrees:  Feds want final authority on engineering decisions, and their interests don t even align with fighting the vast bulk of real-world crime. Kaminsky further explained why Apple s security measures already help law enforcement, If my iPhone is stolen, my emails stay unread, my photos stay unviewed, and I don t need to notify anyone that the secrets they entrusted me with are going to show up on the internet tomorrow. Continuing, The Guardian interviewed former FBI agent Michael German, currently at judicial think-tank the Brennan Center. The following is a portion of that interview: After 9/11, you had this concept of total information awareness. The intelligence community was very enamoured of the idea that all information was available. Much like the NSA, they wanted to see it all, collect it all, and analyse it all. Additionally, there are many who believe weaker encryption may pose an even bigger security risk globally.In many ways, it appears as though federal agencies are seemingly searching for the right crisis to push public opinion in favor of the state when it comes to security.This is at the core of the perpetual privacy and security battle post 9/11 How could it be that such propaganda could happen in America? Well, it s worth another look at a Senate hearing discussing the CIA s tremendous influence on the United States media under the moniker Operation Mockingbird ",0
22433,Congressman Jim Jordan stops CNN gatekeeper Chris Cuomo on Benghazi cover-up," 21st Century Wire says Once again, Operation Mockingbird has been deployed in order to bury another damaging White House scandal. It happened on Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s watch: the 2012 attacks on the covert US facility in Benghazi, Libya has been covered up from the beginning, and according to Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Jordan, that should  disqualify her from being commander in chief. I ve said all along I m for the nominee, for Mr. Trump, but we also have to remember when you compare Mr. Trump s positions with Secretary Clinton s, there s a big difference,  said Jordan, to Chris Cuomo on CNN s New Day  program.SEE ALSO: CIA GATEKEEPER? CNN s Chris Cuomo says Americans are  criminals  for reading WikiLeaks  Clinton email dumpIn order to cover-up 2011-2012 US gun-running through Libya and into Syria, and to help deflect another scandal away from Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton, the White House turned again to Obama appointee   Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who then ordered the DOJ to drop all charges against the State Department and CIA middleman and arms dealer, Marc Turi, who brokered many of Washington s illegal weapons deals in Benghazi,. Federal court records obtained by Politico confirm: The deal averts a trial that threatened to cast additional scrutiny on Hillary Clinton s private emails as Secretary of State, and to expose reported Central Intelligence Agency attempts to arm rebels fighting Libyan leader Moammar Qadhafi. The fact that CNN and its media operative Chris Cuomo did not pursue this clear scandal of a politicized DOJ working to whitewash illegal US government activities in Benghazi   proves that CNN is not interested in journalism and more interested in protecting those guilty parties within the establishment.Watch as Congressman Jordan knocks back media gatekeeper Cuomo when the CNN host tries desperately to deflect away from any accountability by Hillary Clinton and the White House https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWn23jxe630. Have CNN s production ranks been infiltrated and taken over by CIA operatives? One would think so, judging by how they covered this, and other important stories.How long can CNN and their media operatives like Chris Cuomo keep up this pseudo media facade?READ MORE LIBYA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Libya FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22434,COVER-UP: Both Obama and Clinton Lied About Trading Classified Emails,"21st Century Wire says  The mainstream media have gone to great lengths to hide obfuscate the following story.During an interview with CBS News on March 7, 2015, President Barack Obama claimed he only learned about Hillary Clinton s use of a private email server,  the same time everybody else learned it through news reports. Subsequent email leaks show, however, that Obama in fact lied when he said he  didn t know  Clinton used an unsecure private server. According to the Daily Caller, newly released FBI documents show that: Obama used a pseudonym when communicating with then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton by email, and at least one of those emails ended up on Clinton s private email server. This proves two things: not only did Obama break White House security protocol by carelessly trading private emails  off grid  with Hillary Clinton on a unsecured and unauthorized mail server   but he also lied about it after the fact.(NOTE: This would not have been as big of an issue for Obama had he simply not commented on the issue, or actually told the truth, but this is president who struggles on both those fronts) COVER-UP: Attorney General Loretta Lynch, FBI Director James Comey, and President Obama.This leads us to the FBI  led by its director and elite fixer, James Comey, the FBI carefully whitewashed over the Clinton email case   to protect the President. Cleary, the FBI and the DOJ closed ranks to protect the President, but  from what  you might ask? This is why: any communications made by the President of the United States are de facto labeled as  born classified.   The same goes for any State Department communications with other foreign ministers.It also proves that Hillary Clinton is lied when she claimed that  no classified emails  lived on her private server. They both lied.From the beginning of this scandal, at every turn it seems, the Democratic Party nominee has lied about having classified emails on her unauthorized private server, and this week we discover that one of her State Department operatives, Patrick Kennedy, tried to shield her culpability by asking the FBI to downgrade the classification of certain emails in exchange for  quid pro quo  political favors.Maybe it s an attitude certain people in Washington have (especially if they are the party in power), that they are  above the law  and not subject to the same rules as their lessers in Washington. But the fact remains: both Clinton and Obama lied to the American people, but let off by a corrupt US media who appear to be more concerned about getting Clinton elected   than holding any Washington s power elite accountable.According to Clinton though, all this is somehow  Vladimir Putin s fault. More on Obama s secret email accounts WikiLeaks reveals first batch of US president Barack Obama emails sent via secret address bobama@ameritech.com https://t.co/Ni95WAl8a6  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 20, 2016RTWikileaks reveals first batch of emails involving US President Barack Obama. Within those are emails sent from secret address used by the president.The first batch from Wikileaks are searchable under the email address bobama@ameritech.net, an email account Obama was possibly using before winning the election in November 2008.Among them is an email, dated October 30, 2008, from John Podesta to then-Senator Obama, with a confidential attachment, discussing an economic transition team, mapping out why Obama needs to get it up and running before his term begins in January 2009. Paulson and his subordinates do not believe they can responsibly defer until after January 20 significant decisions concerning both the use of TARP funds and other potential stabilizing measures, it says.The latest batch of emails are culled from a series of deals involving Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. Podesta is a long-term associate of the Clintons and was President Bill Clinton s Chief of Staff from 1998 to 2001, and Hillary Clinton s campaign Chair. Podesta also served as Counselor to President Barack Obama Continue this story at RTREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22435,"Obama’s Legacy: Washington is Lying About ISIS, and Lying About Syria","21st Century Wire says ISIS inspired. Assad s barrel bombs. We are at war with ISIS. We are only arming the moderate rebels. The Russians are bombing hospitals. ISIS claims responsibility for stabbing in Minnesota. We must save 100,000 children in Aleppo from Assad and the Russians! Lies, lies, and more lies. All paid for by the US taxpayer. Watch: ",0
22436,SHOCKING: DNC Contractor Caught in Voter Fraud Sting Visited White House 342 Times,"21st Century Wire saysFollowing a wave of hidden camera sting operations captured by the investigative non-profit Project Veritas, it has now been revealed that the Democratic consultant Robert Creamer of Democracy Partners, met with White House officials some 342 times over the past year.    SCANDAL    (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)The DailyMail reported the following as it relates to the Democratic campaign bombshell: A convicted felon caught up in a pair of stinging political expos s has visited the Obama White House 342 times, according to the administration s records, including several visits to the Obama family s residence and one, in October of last year, to the Oval Office.Robert Creamer was caught on one hidden-camera video discussing ways to commit large-scale voter fraud, and talking in another about paying liberal activists to start fights and otherwise disrupt Donald Trump rallies.Democracy Partners, the community organizing firm that until Tuesday employed Creamer, works hand-in-hand with Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign.   CAUGHT ON FILM    Robert Creamer resigns over massive Democratic Party controversy. (Image Source: CNN)Creamer s visits to the White House also included his wife, a 9-term Illinois Democratic congresswoman Jan Schakowsky.White House visitor records show that Schakowsky took 47  private meetings with Obama or his senior staff, also over the past year. The consultancy Democracy Partners appears to have applied Schakowsky as a political buffering point, possibly in the event of a fallout over their operations at a grassroots level. The impetus of this type of procedural separation is to keep certain high ranking officials of the hook in case of a massive upheaval over various underhanded campaign tactics.Creamer, a convicted felon, (in 2005, Creamer plead guilty $2.3 million in bank fraud and tax violations) was promptly shoved out of the Hillary Clinton campaign s inner circle,  following a heavily publicized sting that caught the Democratic consultant discussing how to commit large-scale voter fraud, while also apparently outlining how to incite violence at campaign rallies.Scott Foval, the former national field director at Americans United for Change also discussed controversial and apparent criminal campaign methods, prompting him to be fired after the Project Veritas video footage went viral. Whatever your political persuasion and whether or not Wikileaks may or may not be just another western intelligence asset masquerading in public, some of the emails recently released have raised some interesting questions. Notably, the dissent among the Clinton campaign, the Clinton Foundation s perceived misconduct in Haiti, an email disclosing that ISIS received clandestine financial and logistic support from Saudi Arabia and Qatar, which was a story that dovetailed another possible  Pay-for-Play  scheme, in the form of an attempted Qatari gift to Bill Clinton for $1 million in 2012.Other  Wikileaks  of importance, presented the collusion between the Clinton campaign and media arms the Associated Press and The New York Times, the latter of which in the last 24 hours, has provided damage control for Hillary Clinton s sycophantic Wall Street speeches that outline an amnesty-laden open borders strategy as well as a rights dissolving trade deal like the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). The TPP trade deal has been covered extensively at 21WIRE over the past few years and is under the guise of a so-called  free-trade  agreement. The international trade law for new trade treaties appears to be a way for private corporations to exempt themselves from the laws of sovereign nations, something which belies a truly free market the world over.Despite the Democratic candidate s timely flip flop shift over the TPP deal during the election cycle   she provided a lot of vocal support for the deal while seating as the Secretary of State.Indeed, as released in the Wikileaks batch #12, Democratic pollster Joel Benenson, is quoted as stating the following, the reality is HRC is more pro trade than anti and trying to turn her into something she is not could reinforce our negative [sic] around authenticity. This is an agreement that she pushed for and largely advocated for. Interestingly, one of the most impactful and potentially criminal docu-dumps to come out recently was released by the FBI this week, which according to Real Clear Politics, outlined the following  quid pro quo  allegations: Notes from an interview with a now-retired FBI agent suggest that the State Department tried to get the FBI to declassify a Benghazi-related email found on Hillary Clinton s private email server, in exchange for the State Department allowing the FBI to place more undercover agents in certain countries. The conversation allegedly took place while the State Department was engaged in a review to prepare emails from Hillary Clinton s private server for public release. The Washington Post added the following on the matter: The purported  quid pro quo  between [Brian] McCauley and [Pat] Kennedy was first reported over the weekend by Fox News and The Weekly Standard and confirmed Monday when the FBI released dozens of interview summaries from its criminal investigation into Clinton s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state. According to FOX News: Undersecretary [Patrick] Kennedy s attempt to barter away American national security interests for plainly political purposes is appalling, and may rise to the level of a federal crime,  Rep. Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., wrote in a letter to Attorney General Loretta Lynch on Tuesday.In the heavily redacted files, known as 302s, an FBI official described the incident with Under Secretary for Management Patrick Kennedy as a  quid pro quo.  According to the files, in exchange for marking a particular email unclassified, the State Department would  reciprocate  by letting the FBI place  more Agents in countries where they are presently forbidden. If true, these FBI and State Department files could reveal yet another glaring example of collusion that may have provided political protection for presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.Both the FBI and State Department deny any arrangement was made. However, records show that Kennedy attempted to reduce the number of classified emails linked to Clinton s personal server.In early October, the US Department of Justice (DOJ) dropped all charges against an American arms dealer named Marc Turi, whose weapons made it into the hands of radical Libya militants.According to federal court records obtained by Politico: The deal averts a trial that threatened to cast additional scrutiny on Hillary Clinton s private emails as Secretary of State, and to expose reported Central Intelligence Agency attempts to arm rebels fighting Libyan leader Moammar Qadhafi. It also worth mentioning again that over the summer we discussed how the 2016 s DNC convention was the latest in a long line of sordid political productions. Bernie Sanders delegates staged a mass walkout after a series of email leaks disclosed that a Clinton lawyer gave the DNC strategy advice on how to sideline the Sanders campaign.Expect the Clinton campaign and the White House to whitewash the DNC voter fraud fallout and other FBI allegations as another scandal replaces them. Something to watch for will be the case of former Joint Chiefs of Staff vice chairman General James Cartwright, who plead guilty this week to felony charges of lying to the FBI after allegedly leaking classified material about covert operations against two Iranian journalists.Here s another look at one of the many DNC operatives outlining how to disrupt a Trump political rally through intimidation. More from Zero Hedge below Why Did Vote-Rigging Robert Creamer Visit The White House Over 200 Times During The Obama Admin?Zero HedgeEarlier today we wrote about a new Project Veritas undercover video that uncovered several democratic operatives openly discussing, in explicit detail, how to commit massive voter fraud.  One of the operatives was a person by the name of Robert Creamer who is a co-founder of a democratic consulting firm called Democracy Partners.  Within the video, an undercover journalist details a plan to register Hispanic voters illegally by having them work as contractors, to which Creamer can be heard offering support saying that  there are a couple of organizations that that s their big trick  (see:  Rigging Elections For 50 Years    Massive Voter Fraud Exposed By Project Veritas Part 2 ).Unfortunately, the embarrassing video caused Creamer to subsequently resign from consulting the Hillary campaign as he issued a statement saying that he was  stepping back from my responsibilities working the [Hillary] campaign  over fears that his continued assistance would be a distraction for the campaign.Zero Hedge continues here READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22437,VIDEO: Watch James O’Keefe Easily Obtain Eminem’s Election Ballot in Undercover Sting,"21st Century Wire says Back in July, a federal appeals court intervened to block a North Carolina law that required voters to produce photo identification and other basic requirements on the grounds that it was  disproportionately affecting minorities  and making it harder for them to vote.  Is this really a legitimate concern, or is there more to this issue?One has to ask: why is it that only Democratic Party activists and affiliated lawyers are so opposed to a basic polling station ID check   seeing that practically every American already carries one form of ID or another? Is this really a rights issue, or a political status quo issue?In close districts and states, a few hundred votes are enough to swing a result   results that could also swing a national election, as was the case in both 2000 and 2004 US Presidential Elections.In these two incredible video, investigative journalist James O Keefe shows how easy it is for anyone to commit voter fraud. Watch:Project VeritasIn this video, James O Keefe requests the ballot of famous rapper  Eminem,  otherwise known as Marshall Bruce Mathers III. Election officials tell O Keefe he doesn t need I.D. to vote. It seems that voting in Michigan is as simple as walking in and saying,  Hi my name is James O Keefe Confronts Mayor of Detroit s Office Over Voter Fraud:In this video, James O Keefe confronts Melvin Butch Hollowell, the chief lawyer for the city of Detroit about the video O Keefe took which shows election officials offering undercover journalists the ballot of the Mayor of Detroit. Things get feisty READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22438,CIA GATEKEEPER? CNN’s Chris Cuomo says Americans are ‘criminals’ for reading WikiLeaks’ Clinton email dump," 21st Century Wire says CNN s Chris Cuomo (image, above) is certainly one of America s most maligned and gaff-prone mainstream media pundits. But are these really gaffs, or is there more to this media operative?This week, Cuomo went into full establishment mode, by attempting to scare the American public into NOT viewing Wikileaks emails online.Cuomo declared this week,  Also interesting is remember, it s illegal to possess, ah, the stolen documents   it s different for the media. So everything you re learning about this, you re learning from us. After Cuomo s fatal misstep, he quickly began back-pedaling and obfuscating his troubling position regarding public access to items that are in the public interest:What is even more disturbing about Cuomo s off-hand legal declarations here, is that he is doing so in defense of Hillary Clinton s presidential run   whose numerous scandals are pervasive throughout the Wikileaks emails. This is hardly the role of a  journalist. NEWSFLASH FOR CNN: If the leaked documents are about elected and appointed public officials (especially those seeking the presidency), and the content exposes illegal and unethical activities   and is clearly in the public interest (which these emails are)   then any decent journalist worth their salt (no such thing at CNN) would publish them and even encourage the public to comb over the documents, unless the media outlet in question functions as a gatekeeper (which CNN does). SEE ALSO: Congressman Jim Jordan stops CNN gatekeeper Chris Cuomo on Benghazi cover-upAs the son of former New York governor Mario Cuomo, and the brother of New York governor Andrew Cuomo, Chris is part of a political dynasty family and member of an elite establishment. It s doubtful he would ve been given such a prominent position in a major broadcast network if he wasn t part of that establishment.Last year, 21WIRE ran a scathing report criticizing CNN s Cuomo over his reliance on dubious ISIS and al Qaeda  online magazines  for his news  breaking news  reports. After a bomb brought down a Russian Metrojet Airbus A321 leaving Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt, Cuomo cited an ISIS Monthly  aka DABIQ Magazine claiming that a  Schweppes Bomb  brought down the airliner.21WIRE tweeted the CNN host our critique and in response, Chris Cuomo then blocked @21WIRE from viewing his Twitter page:For a self-described  journalist  hosting a major broadcast TV network program, is Cuomo so insecure that he blocked a small independent news site for criticizing a CNN report  which relies on ISIS as its source?Q: Is Chris Cuomo a media gatekeeper?  A: In the case of the above Wikileaks story, the answer is YES. It is well documented that the CIA has a number of media infiltration and propaganda programs, including Operation Mockingbird.Is Cuomo participating in such a program, in this case, being run out of CNN?*** SEE ALSO: CNN s New  Source  is ISIS Magazine   Claims a  Schweppes Bomb  Brought Down Russian AirlinerREAD MORE WIKILEAKS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Wikileaks Files ",0
22439,‘Anti-Russia’ Escalation? Plans for New US Marine Base in Norway,"21st Century Wire says It seems that US anti-Russian rhetoric has translated into action as new plans for NATO to continue its march eastward have emerged.According to Norwegian News sources, the US Marine Corps will establish a new base in northern Norway as early as January.Their reason:  To improve their ability respond rapidly to potential Russian aggression. Here is a video of US Marines live-fire training in Norway last winter:.  If approved by the Norwegian government, a Marine Corps presence in Norway will increase NATO s ability to rapidly aggregate and employ forces in northern Europe. Why would NATO need to deploy rapid reaction forces into northern Europe? Is Washington planning for war?More from RT  RTAs soon as early January, Norway may permit the US Marine Corps to deploy troops on its soil, furthering NATO s goal of placing more military assets on Russia s border, according to local media.A rotating force of 300 US troops would be deployed in Vaernes, an air station outside the central Norwegian city of Trondheim about 100 kilometers from Russia, as part of what NATO claims to be an effort to deter  Russian aggression,  Norway s Adresseavisen newspaper reported.READ MORE: Norway mulls US troop deployment on its soil   Defense MinistryThe plan is yet to be approved by the Norwegian Parliament, where several parties oppose it for various reasons. Some politicians say inviting the US marines would violate the spirit of Norway s 1949 commitment not to host foreign troops, while others say the government should not outsource its national security to the United States. Defense Minister Ine Eriksen Soreide is to address the MP s concerns before they vote.Meanwhile, US officials say maintaining 300 Marines in Norway would be beneficial.READ MORE NATO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NATO FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22440,REVEALED: How Democratic Party pays Agit-Prop ‘Protesters’ to incite violence at Trump events," By Anthony Brian Logan . James O Keefe of Project Veritas has released undercover, button-camera video that outlines the process of bird-dogging and how it is being used to rig the 2016 Presidential election of the United States in favor of Hillary Clinton and the Democrat Party. The central focus of the video, which is a collection of various undercover videos with commentary, is the process of  bird-dogging  which refers to essentially hiring people to behave as the equivalent to crisis actors. Except for the fact that there is no actual crisis, and these people are used to simply incite violence, among other things, to goad the media into giving Donald Trump s campaign negative coverage.Various people appear in the video, complete with both audio and video, saying how they skirt the laws of our nation to engage in corruption. Hillary Clinton s campaign is not allowed to directly collude with the phony actors on the ground, so they use degrees of separation by hiring consultants. These consultants then go on to sub contract work  on the ground  such as the actors who engage in fake riots and protests. Everyone is aware of each other, and in some cases, answer to those all the way at the top, either in the Clinton campaign or the DNC itself Watch this brilliant video investigation here:. READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22441,"FOX News Anchor Shepard Smith Finally ‘Comes Out,’ Admits He’s Gay","21st Century Wire says For many viewers, this came as no surprise, but for many FOX conservative loyalists, this latest news would have come as a shock.FOX News host Shepard Smith joins other high-profile gay cable news anchors like CNN s Anderson Cooper and Don Lemon.A number of high-profile media critics including top-rated talk radio host MichaeI Savage, have recently raised the alarm that FOX News is undergoing a liberal facelift following the departure of its news head Roger Ailes over a number sexual harassment cases.Political in-fighting has also broken out at FOX in recent weeks, with two leading hosts, Sean Hannity and Megyn Kelly trading insults over which presidential candidate they support. Kelly File host, Megyn Kelly, has broken ranks and is leading her own  never Trump  enclave within FOX, and appears to have thrown her support behind Hillary Clinton in the hotly contested 2016 race.Is FOX News shifting gears and entering a brave new era of  liberal openness ? FOX & FRIENDS: Shepard Smith and former news boss Roger Ailes.Joe Concha The HillFox News anchor Shepard Smith revealed he s gay in an interview with the Huffington Post in which he also defends former Fox News Chairman and CEO Roger Ailes s treatment of him at the network.Smith, who has rarely talked about his sexuality during his 20 years with Fox News, refuted claims that Ailes urged him not to come out about his sexual orientation publicly. [Ailes] was as nice as he could be to me. I loved him like a father,  says Smith, 52. I trusted him with my career and with   I trusted him and trusts were betrayed. People outside this company can t know [how painful that betrayal was]. This place has its enemies, but inside, it was very personal, and very scarring and horrifying. Smith also said Ailes   who resigned amid sexual harassment claims against him by former host Gretchen Carlson in July    never  made homophobic comments in his presence Continue this story at The HillREAD MORE  FOX NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire FOX Files",0
22442,“PROPHECY” PROPAGANDA: Zionist Millennialism Refuted," Jay Dyer 21st Century WireDemonstrating where bad hermeneutics and theology lead, plus evidence of a continued conspiracy against historic Orthodox Christianity.Pastor John Hagee of the the large Cornerstone Church in San Antonio, Texas has recently published a book,  In Defense of Israel,  in which he outlines in detail his own total apostasy from the most basic of Christian beliefs that Christ was the Messiah! See our posted video where he states it plain as day. But what is the root of this problem? I say several things. Aside from his own dubious character and obvious bad will, the cause can be found in bad hermeneutics. Hermeneutics is the science of interpretation how we interpret he texts of Sacred Scripture.SEE ALSO: The Holy Business: End-Times Buffoonery in a Modern WorldWhen I saw Hagee on the Glenn Beck Show a couple weeks ago talking about Israel non-stop, I knew something was going on. I used to use John Hagee s  Prophecy Study Bible as an idiot evangelical when I was 18 (several years ago), so I can speak from experience concerning Hagee (also having read some of his books and watched his  prophecy  lectures). END TIMES 2.0: Pastor John Hagee attempting to rapture his flock  (donor base) to the promise land after a possible nuclear Armageddon.  Let s examine some errors of the false hermeneutic of the premillennialists and evangelicals. The first error this entire system is built upon is the idea that Israel is still God s chosen covenant nation. God s promises to Abraham s descendants were purely literal and never able to be revoked, this view holds. God is bound in his eternal love to the literal nation of Israel, even though they have rejected Christ for the most part for the past 2000 years. However, historic Orthodox Christianity has always taught that the Church of Christ is the New Israel, the true bride of Christ, that faithfully keeps the testimony of Christ (Apoc. 12:17). Let s look at some texts that show this point:1. When we examine Christ s parable of the wicked vinedressers, we see an explicit statement from our Lord concerning the possession of the kingdom of God. Keep in mind, Hagee and all his evangelical &liberal friends think God has never, in any sense, revoked the old covenant with Israel, and that they are still the possessors or future possessors of His kingdom:Matt. 21:33:  Hear another parable: There was a certain landowner who planted a vineyard and set a hedge around it, dug a winepress in it and built a tower. And he leased it to vinedressers and went into a far country. 34 Now when vintage-time drew near, he sent his servants to the vinedressers, that they might receive its fruit. 35 And the vinedressers took his servants, beat one, killed one, and stoned another. 36 Again he sent other servants, more than the first, and they did likewise to them. 37 Then last of all he sent his son to them, saying, They will respect my son. 38 But when the vinedressers saw the son, they said among themselves,  This is the heir. Come, let us kill him and seize his inheritance. 39 So they took him and cast him out of the vineyard and killed him.40 Therefore, when the owner of the vineyard comes, what will he do to those vinedressers?  41 They said to Him, He will destroy those wicked men miserably, and lease his vineyard to other vinedressers who will render to him the fruits in their seasons. 42 Jesus said to them, Have you never read in the Scriptures:The stone which the builders rejected Has become the chief cornerstone. This was the LORD s doing, And it is marvelous in our eyes.43 Therefore I say to you, the kingdom of God will be taken from you and given to a nation bearing the fruits of it. 44 And whoever falls on this stone will be broken; but on whomever it falls, it will grind him to powder.  45 Now when the chief priests and Pharisees heard His parables, they perceived that He was speaking of them. 46 But when they sought to lay hands on Him, they feared the multitudes, because they took Him for a prophet. The parable is quite clear, and is explained by our Lord Himself. This was fulfilled when the Romans sacked Jerusalem in 70 A.D., and destroyed the Temple and its administration. This was the definitive end of the Old Testament dispensation, and fulfilled also the predictions of Luke 21. In response to the Jews, Christ says the kingdom of God will be taken from them because of the fact that they are going to murder him. Christ states unequivocally that the kingdom will be transferred to the Gentiles because of the rejection of Christ by the Jews.2. Our Lord commissioned the 12 Apostles to be the foundation stones of the New Israel, replacing what St. Paul calls  flesh Israel  or  Israel after the flesh. Luke 22:  28 But you [Apostles] are those who have continued with Me in My trials. 29 And I bestow upon you a kingdom, just as My Father bestowed one upon Me, 30 that you may eat and drink at My table in My kingdom, and sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel.So, our Lord has conferred upon the 12 the possession of the kingdom, and it is they and their successors (Luke 10:16, 1 Tim. 1:3-4), who will sit on thrones judging in this spiritual kingdom. Those who sit on these thrones are also their successors, the Bishops of the Church. This is why St. Paul can write in Eph. 2: 19 Now, therefore, you are no longer strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints and members of the household of God, 20 having been built on the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the chief cornerstone, 21 in whom the whole building, being fitted together, grows into a holy temple in the Lord, 22 in whom you also are being built together for a dwelling place of God in the Spirit. 3. Isn t it ironic that Hagee s church is named  cornerstone. It makes one wonder whether he meant Christ, the true cornerstone, or the Masonic  cornerstone  ceremony performed by masons at the erecting of a new lodge. And in case you think this is far fetched, consider what wikipedia states about Hagee in the entry under his name: Hagee was awarded the  Humanitarian of the Year  award by the San Antonio B nai B rith Council. It was the first time in the history of San Antonio that this award has been given to a Gentile. Dr. Hagee was presented the ZOA Israel Award by U.N. Ambassador Jean Kirkpatrick. This award was given by the Jewish Community of Dallas, Texas. He was presented the ZOA Service Award by Texas Governor Mark White. Houston Mayor Kathy Whitmire issued a special proclamation in his honor declaring Pastor John C. Hagee Day. Hagee has received numerous honors and accolades from national Jewish organizations for his support of Israel. For those that don t know, B nai B rith equates with Jewish Freemasonry. Could Hagee be a Zionist agent? It seems so.4. In response, it is the Catholic Church, and she alone, that is the building of God, the temple of God, the New Jerusalem, that is the kingdom of God built upon the foundation stones of all the Apostles, and it is this kingdom which can never fall. She alone has lasted 2000 years without changing her doctrines and without committing massive apostasy. This is why we see the name of an Apostle and the name of a tribe on each of the 12 foundation stones of the New Jerusalem in St. John s Apocalypse (Apoc. 21). The Cathoic Church has never repealed, though it has qualified the meaning of the inspired words of St. Paul in 1 Thess. 2: 14 For you, brethren, became imitators of the churches of God which are in Judea in Christ Jesus. For you also suffered the same things from your own countrymen, just as they did from the Judeans, 15 who killed both the Lord Jesus and their own prophets, and have persecuted us; and they do not please God and are contrary to all men, 16 forbidding us to speak to the Gentiles that they may be saved, so as always to fill up the measure of their sins; but wrath has come upon them to the uttermost. And Christ Himself has no fear of being labelled  anti-semitic  (though He was, of course a semite!) when he calls Judaism a  synagogue of Satan,  in Apoc. 2:9 & 3:9).5. Is this racism? Anti-semitism? Absolutely not. Arabs are  semites  as much as Jews, and there are and have been millions of Arab Christians. What we are concerned with opposing here is an occult, racist philosophy Zionism, which is just as bad as  white supremacy  or the Black Panthers  ideology. Only by being incorporated into the God-man and His Body, the Church, can these petty, fleshly divisions be overcome, as St. Paul writes in Galatians 3:28-29. There we learn that the true descendants of Abraham are those who operate with the faith of Abraham, not racist pride. John Hagee is, in fact, the racist, who now worships the nation of Israel. Without Christ, there is no salvation. The flesh nation of Israel is cut off from the covenant and cannot attain to heaven without faith in Jesus. Let us look at an important allegory from St. Paul on this matter.Galatians 4:21 Tell me, you who desire to be under the law, do you not hear the law? 22 For it is written that Abraham had two sons: the one by a bondwoman, the other by a freewoman. 23 But he who was of the bondwoman was born according to the flesh, and he of the freewoman through promise, 24 which things are symbolic. For these are the two covenants: the one from Mount Sinai which gives birth to bondage, which is Hagar  25 for this Hagar is Mount Sinai in Arabia, and corresponds to Jerusalem which now is, and is in bondage with her children 26 but the Jerusalem above is free, which is the mother of us all. 27 For it is written:Rejoice, O barren, You who do not bear! Break forth and shout, You who are not in labor! For the desolate has many more children Than she who has a husband. 28 Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are children of promise. 29 But, as he who was born according to the flesh then persecuted him who was born according to the Spirit, even so it is now. 30 Nevertheless what does the Scripture say? Cast out the bondwoman and her son, for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the forewoman. 31 So then, brethren, we are not children of the bondwoman but of the free. 6. So, you see, there are only two covenants, and there have only ever been two covenants. One, symbolized by Mt. Sinai, which represents Judaism, and which cannot give life to those who seek to externally fulfill its precepts, and the New Covenant, which is the eternal covenant (Heb. 13:20), confirmed in the counsels of the Persons of the Trinity before the foundation of the world (Apoc. 13:8). This New Covenant is the covenant confirmed in Christ s Blood, which is the Eucharist celebrated at every Mass and Divine Liturgy throughout the world (Luke 22:20 with Jer. 31:31). The Old Testament saints themselves put their faith Christ not in Judaistic observances, as Jesus states in John 5:45-46, 8:56. Thus, He is the only way for Jew and Gentile alike (Acts 4:12). And, He only has one Church on earth that has faithfully maintained the traditions of the Apostles, both in Word and in Epistle (2 Thess. 2:15). Unfortunately, Hagee, like those who for a time believed in Christ in the first century and fell away as the writer of Hebrews mentions, Hagee has also has apostatized into Judaism because he is blind to the Spirit of Christ operative in the Old Testament. In other words, in this bad hermeneutic, one fails to understand typology. This is why St. Paul writes: 7 But if the ministry of death, written and engraved on stones, was glorious [the Old Covenant], so that the children of Israel could not look steadily at the face of Moses because of the glory of his countenance, which glory was passing away, 8 how will the ministry of the Spirit not be more glorious? 9 For if the ministry of condemnation had glory, the ministry of righteousness exceeds much more in glory. 10 For even what was made glorious had no glory in this respect, because of the glory that excels. 11 For if what is passing away was glorious, what remains is much more glorious. 12 Therefore, since we have such hope, we use great boldness of speech 13 unlike Moses, who put a veil over his face so that the children of Israel could not look steadily at the end of what was passing away. 14 But their minds were blinded. For until this day the same veil remains uplifted in the reading of the Old Testament, because the veil is taken away in Christ. 15 But even to this day, when Moses is read, a veil lies on their heart. 16 Nevertheless when one turns to the Lord, the veil is taken away. 17 Now the Lord is the Spirit; and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. 18 But we all, with unveiled face, beholding as in a mirror the glory of the Lord, are being transformed into the same image from glory to glory, just as by the Spirit of the Lord. What could be clearer? The Old Covenant has been brought to fulfillment and fruition by the New. It (the Law alone) cannot save (and never could), and those who still adhere to it as the proper way to approach God are unfortunately blind to the types of Christ which are found throughout the Law (Luke 24:44). Christ is the true High Priest; Christ is the true Moses; Christ is the true inheritor of the Abrahamic promises; Christ is the fulfillment of the promise to David concerning a kingdom, and on and on. And, all of this is actualized at Christ s First Advent not at some fictitious, literal millennial kingdom in Jerusalem or Illinois. Thus, the kingdom is now (Col. 1:13), and it is the Church, and is ruled by His faithful Bishops abnd priests (Matt. 16:18 with 18:18).7. Consider the First Century writer, St. Clement of Rome, who was ordained by St. Peter wrote: Through countryside and city [the apostles] preached, and they appointed their earliest converts, testing them by the Spirit, to be the bishops and deacons of future believers. Nor was this a novelty, for bishops and deacons had been written about a long time earlier. . . . Our apostles knew through our Lord Jesus Christ that there would be strife for the office of bishop. For this reason, therefore, having received perfect foreknowledge, they appointed those who have already been mentioned and afterwards added the further provision that, if they should die, other approved men should succeed to their ministry  (Letter to the Corinthians 42:4 5, 44:1 3 [A.D. 80]). That s  apostolic succession. Or consider what St. Ignatius, Bishop of Antioch, wrote in his Letter to the Smyrneans (ca 100 A.D.): CHAPTER VIII. LET NOTHING BE DONE WITHOUT THE BISHOP.See that ye all follow the bishop, even as Jesus Christ does the Father, and the presbytery as ye would the apostles; and reverence the deacons, as being the institution of God. Let no man do anything connected with the Church without the bishop. Let that be deemed a proper Eucharist, which is [administered] either by the bishop, or by one to whom he has entrusted it. Wherever the bishop shall appear, there let the multitude [of the people] also be; even as, wherever Jesus Christ is, there is the Catholic Church. It is not lawful without the bishop either to baptize or to celebrate a love-feast; but whatsoever he shall approve of, that is also pleasing to God, so that everything that is done may be secure and valid. St. Cyril of Jerusalem, in his Catechtical Lectures, Lectures 4 and 18, warns: Fall not away either into the sect of the Samaritans, or into Judaism: for Jesus Christ henceforth has ransomed you. Stand aloof from all observance of Sabbaths, and from calling any indifferent meats common or unclean. But especially abhor all the assemblies of wicked heretics; and in every way make your own soul safe, by fastings, prayers, almsgivings, and reading the oracles of God; that having lived the rest of your life in the flesh in soberness and godly doctrine, you may enjoy the one salvation which flows from Baptism; and thus enrolled in the armies of heaven by God and the Father, may also be deemed worthy of the heavenly crowns, in Christ Jesus our Lord, to Whom be the glory for ever and ever. Amen. 25. Of old the Psalmist sang, Bless ye God in the congregations, even the Lord, (ye that are) from the fountains of Israel. But after the Jews for the plots which they made against the Saviour were cast away from His grace, the Saviour built out of the Gentiles a second Holy Church, the Church of us Christians, concerning which he said to Peter, And upon this rock I will build My Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it Matthew 16:18 . And David prophesying of both these, said plainly of the first which was rejected, I have hated the Congregation of evil doers; but of the second which is built up he says in the same Psalm, Lord, I have loved the beauty of Your house; and immediately afterwards, In the Congregations will I bless you, O Lord. For now that the one Church in Judea is cast off, the Churches of Christ are increased over all the world; and of them it is said in the Psalms, Sing unto the Lord a new song, His praise in the Congregation of Saints. Agreeably to which the prophet also said to the Jews, I have no pleasure in you, says the Lord Almighty Malachi 1:10; and immediately afterwards, For from the rising of the sun even unto the going down of the same, My name is glorified among the Gentiles. Concerning this Holy Catholic Church Paul writes to Timothy, That you may know how you ought to behave yourself in the House of God, which is the Church of the Living God, the pillar and ground of the truth 1 Timothy 3:15 . St. Athanasius, in his First Festal Letter, Sec. 8, writes: 8. Now observe; that city, since the coming of our Savior, has had an end, and all the land of the Jews has been laid waste; so that from the testimony of these things (and we need no further proof, being assured by our own eyes of the fact) there must, of necessity, be an end of the shadow. And not from me should these things be learned, but the sacred voice of the prophet foretold, crying;  Behold upon the mountains the feet of Him that brings good tidings, and publishes peace Nahum 1:15;  and what is the message he published, but that which he goes on to say to them,  Keep your feasts, O Judah; pay to the Lord your vows. For they shall no more go to that which is old; it is finished; it is taken away: He is gone up who breathed upon the face, and delivered you from affliction.  Now who is he that went up? a man may say to the Jews, in order that even the boast of the shadow may be done away; neither is it an idle thing to listen to the expression,  It is finished; he is gone up who breathed.  For nothing was finished before he went up who breathed. But as soon as he went up, it was finished. Who was he then, O Jews, as I said before? If Moses, the assertion would be false; for the people were not yet come to the land in which alone they were commanded to perform these rites. But if Samuel, or any other of the prophets, even in that case there would be a perversion of the truth; for hitherto these things were done in Judea, and the city was standing. For it was necessary that while that stood, these things should be performed. So that it was none of these, my beloved, who went up. But if you would hear the true matter, and be kept from Jewish fables, behold our Savior who went up, and  breathed upon the face, and said to His disciples, Receive the Holy Ghost John 20:22.  For as soon as these things were done, everything was finished, for the altar was broken, and the veil of the temple was rent; and although the city was not yet laid waste, the abomination was ready to sit in the midst of the temple, and the city and those ancient ordinances to receive their final consummation. Similarly, the 8th Canon of the Seventh Ecumenical Council (787 A.D.) states: Since certain, erring in the superstitions of the Hebrews, have thought to mock at Christ our God, and feigning to be converted to the religion of Christ do deny him, and in private and secretly keep the Sabbath and observe other Jewish customs, we decree that such persons be not received to communion, nor to prayers, nor into the Church; but let them be openly Hebrews according to their religion, and let them not bring their children to baptism, nor purchase or possess a slave. But if any of them, out of a sincere heart and in faith, is converted and makes profession with his whole heart, setting at naught their customs and observances, and so that others may be convinced and converted, such an one is to be received and baptized, and his children likewise; and let them be taught to take care to hold aloof from the ordinances of the Hebrews. But if they will not do this, let them in no wise be received. In conclusion, bad theology leads to worse theology, and often this is based in a faulty hermeneutic with false presuppositions. With Hagee, its a serious failure to recognize Christ in the Old Testament and typology. Both he and the Zionists are united in rejecting the teaching of the historic Orthodox Fathers. Heresy is like a virus that compounds itself. Premillennialism, dispensationalism, and its offshoot, the virtual worship of Israel, are serious errors that, when worked out to their illogical conclusions, end up denying Christ s divinity and/or necessity of faith in Him for salvation. Hagee demonstrates that.READ MORE SHADOW GOVERNMENT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Shadow Government FilesTo hear Jay s full podcasts, see more information and learn how you can become a subscriber to JaysAnalysis.Jay Dyer is the author of the forthcoming title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day.  Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast, Esoteric Hollywood, investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.",0
22443,FALSE PROFITS: The U.S. Military’s War Over Russia,"21st Century Wire says We ve said it many times during the last two years here at 21WIRE and on the SUNDAY WIRE radio show   that the present anti-Russia hysteria being rolled out in the US and Britain is simply a cheap facade to gin up a new arms race.  Not small ticket items, but big ticket items   including the next generation of  next generation tactical nuclear weapons. The only problem is: the out-of-control rhetoric, mixed with Washington s careless and belligerent military posturing  might inadvertently lead to belligerent military action.Watch US Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley last week, threatening to  destroy any enemy, anytime,  meaning Russia.. General Milley performed his duty for the corporations. All smiles at the AGM. Indeed, business has never been better. Bravo, encore!  says Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, General Dynamics, BAE Systems, Airbus and General Electric.When will it end? How much profit is enough for the US  defense  industry?The sad truth: it s never enough  Mark Perry PoliticoDuring the Battle of the Wilderness in 1864, a unit of Robert E. Lee s army rolled up some artillery pieces and began shelling the headquarters of Union commander Ulysses S. Grant. When one of his officers pleaded that Grant move, insisting that he knew exactly what Lee was going to do, Grant, normally a taciturn man, lost his temper:  Oh, I am heartily tired of hearing about what Lee is going to do,  he said.  Some of you always seem to think he is going to turn a double somersault, and land in our rear and on both of our flanks at the same time. Go back to your command and try to think what we are going to do ourselves, instead of what Lee is going to do. The story was recalled to me a few weeks ago by a senior Pentagon officer in citing the April 5 testimony of Army leaders before a Senate Armed Services Subcommittee. The panel delivered a grim warning about the future of the U.S. armed forces: Unless the Army budget was increased, allowing both for more men and more materiel, members of the panel said, the United States was in danger of being  outranged and outgunned  in the next war and, in particular, in a confrontation with Russia. Vladimir Putin s military, the panel averred, had outstripped the U.S. in modern weapons capabilities. And the Army s shrinking size meant that  the Army of the future will be too small to secure the nation.  It was a sobering assessment delivered by four of the most respected officers in the Army including Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, his service s leading intellectual. The claim is the prevailing view among senior Army officers, who fear that Army readiness and modernization programs are being weakened by successive cuts to the U.S. defense budget.But not everyone was buying it. This is the  Chicken-Little, sky-is-falling  set in the Army,  the senior Pentagon officer said. These guys want us to believe the Russians are 10 feet tall. There s a simpler explanation: The Army is looking for a purpose, and a bigger chunk of the budget. And the best way to get that is to paint the Russians as being able to land in our rear and on both of our flanks at the same time. What a crock. ( ) The fight over the Army panel s testimony is the latest example of a deepening feud in the military community over how to respond to shrinking budget numbers. At issue is the military s strategic future: Facing cuts, will the Army opt to modernize its weapons  arsenal, or defer modernization in favor of increased numbers of soldiers? On April 5, the Army s top brass made its choice clear: It wants to do both, and Russia s the reason. But a growing chorus of military voices says that demand is both backward and dangerously close-minded that those same senior military officers have not only failed to understand the lessons of Afghanistan and Iraq and embrace service reform, they are inflating foreign threats to win a bigger slice of the defense budget Continue this story at Politico.comREAD MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia Files",0
22444,SUNDAY WIRE REPLAY: LIVE Show Off-Air for Maintenance,"ATTENTION: Episode #157 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW is postponed until next Sunday Oct. 23, 2016  in the meantime, ACR will be re-streaming last week s power-packed episode here LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:SUNDAYS   5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US)With great regret, we are informing our listeners that due to essential network maintenance, this week s show has been rescheduled for next Sunday. This week we ll re-play last week s popular Episode #156 with guests Pierre Le Corf, Tom Duggan and Vanessa Beeley ACR LIVE STREAM     broadstreet.zone(46707);  ",0
22445,How the FBI Creates ‘Domestic Terror’ in the United States,"21st Century Wire says This is a bit of an oddity as far as TED talks go Investigative journalist Trevor Aaronson actually delivers a TED presentation which calls out the FBI for being the party responsible for creating the majority of so-called  domestic terror  and  Islamic terror  busts in the US since 9/11.Just this week, the FBI are boasting of a high level domestic extremist terror bust of a militia group in Kansas, but when you read the fine print of the case, it features several FBI  confidential informants,  no doubt helping to  egg-on  and steer their prey into a preconceived trap.21WIRE has been saying this for years, and it s refreshing to see what is normally a bland, mainstream talking shop like TED actually allow a speaker to present a real anti-establishment subject like this one.In truth, the FBI s shady record in this area stretched back well before 9/11, when FBI informants (under FBI supervision) helped to organize the 1993 World Trade Center Bombing. Despite this, idiotic mainstream media and politicians in the US still claim that the 1993 WTC event was  linked to al Qaeda. NOTE: The following speaker Trevor Aaronson claims that both the Boston Bombing and the attempted Times Square car bombing. This statement is very likely to be incorrect. It has already been confirmed that the FBI s lead suspect in Boston, Tamerlan Tsarnaev was being active recruited by the FBI for at least two years prior to the event in question, as well as being associated with a CIA front org called the Jamestown Foundation. Similarly, the alleged Times Square bomber, Faisal Shahzad, appeared to have fled to Pakistan with a handler who has connections to the CIA and MI6. Otherwise, we welcome this topic raised by journalist Aaronson.Brasscheck TVGuess who is behind more terrorist incidents in the US than al-Qaeda, al-Shabaab and ISIS combined?The FBI   and when given the change to set the record straight, they don t dispute it.As  law enforcement  scams go, this is one of the most reprehensible. The FBI finds mentally ill people, puts ideas into their heads, works up plans for them and then gives them the money to carry them out   an then arrests them for terrorist plots.They then declare victory in the  war on terror. Domestic anti-terrorism efforts cost $100 billion a year or $1 trillion per decade.And you, your kids and grand kids pay for all this in the form of a reduced standard of living to make sure this useless anti-American scum get nice big paychecks and bloated tax-payer guaranteed pensions for their years of  service.  Watch:. READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter Files",0
22446,RECKLESS: Democratic Party Creating a ‘Russian Scarecrow’ in US Media & Politics,"21st Century Wire says The Hillary Clinton campaign has gone hell-for-leather on the White House s official conspiracy theory that Russia is hacking into and  trying to influence  the current US presidential election, and then trying to attach Russia to her opponent Donald Trump. With less than a month to go, one of America s nastiest political campaigns enters the final stretch. With both major candidates intensely unpopular with many in the electorate, is it a choice of the lesser evil? CrossTalking with host Peter Lavelle are guests Michael Flanagan, George Szamuely, and Clinton campaign surrogate Mac Zilber. This debate gets very heated towards the end. Watch: ",0
22447,"US-Saudi Plan: Let 9,000 ISIS Fighters Walk Free from Mosul – to Fight in Syria"," Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireJudging by both the words, and deeds of the Obama White House and its political  diplomatic  appointees led by perfidious John Kerry and caustic Samantha Power   all evidence to date points to the US wanting to escalate its war on Syria   while happily baiting a military confrontation, and World War  scenario with Russia and its allies in the process. If this latest leak is indeed true   and time will certainly tell whether or not it is, it would constitute one of the most egregious violations of both US and international law   by the United States government and its theocratic dictator partner in Saudi Arabia.Washington s own anti-terror legislation expressly forbids colluding to provide logistical or material support for terrorist groups, and this US-Saudi venture would be the latest in a long list of violations  According to news released today (see report below), US President Barack Obama has been briefed that the operation to liberate the ISIS stronghold in Mosul in Iraq is scheduled for the second half of October. Here s what makes this a potential shocker: the operation allows for safe passage for 9,000 ISIS fighters on the proviso that they are transferred from Iraq to eastern Syria in order to help US plans for  regime change  there. At the time of the assault, coalition aircraft would strike only on a pre-agreed detached buildings in the city, which are empty, the source said. According to him [the source], the plan of Washington and Riyadh also provides that the rebels move from Mosul to Syria for the attack on the government-controlled town of troops. Essentially, Washington and Saudi Arabia, will allow 9,000 ISIS (Islamic State) fighter FREE passage into Syria if they agree to join Washington s  regime change  operations there. This could also include,   eastern regions of Syria to follow a major offensive operation, which involves the capture of Deir ez-Zor and Palmyra,  the source added.Before you write this story off as some ornate Russian psychological operation, consider the long trend arch. The US along with its generous Gulf sidekicks, have already established a solid track record of aiding and abetting ISIS   not just in Syria, but in Iraq too.The record shows that the US is guilty on a number of counts If the Mosul leak is true, then it wouldn t be the first time that the US has provided cover in the military pantomime the world has come to know as  the fight against ISIS.  When large ISIS convoys crossed the Syrian desert to invade and occupy the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra in May 2015, the US  Coalition  airforce did nothing, and allowed ISIS to take and destroy part of the world s great historic cultural heritage, along with the murder of scores of innocent civilians.Professor Tim Anderson from Sydney University states: U.S. weapons with Israeli ammunition were used by Islamic State group when taking over Palmyra. The extremists also had U.S. military rations. The U.S., which since 2014 claimed to be conducting a war against ISIS in Iraq and Syria, and which had air power and sophisticated surveillance of the region, did nothing to stop the huge ISIS advance on Palmyra. The US isn t even shy about its laissez-faire policy with ISIS in the field, with the New York Times openly boasting,  Any airstrikes against Islamic State militants in and around Palmyra would probably benefit the forces of President Bashar al-Assad. So far, United States-led airstrikes in Syria have largely focused on areas far outside government control, to avoid the perception of aiding a leader whose ouster President Obama has called for. Following the derelict incident, New York Times reporters Hwaida Saad and Kareem Fahim, were still kicking and screaming for  regime change like petulant children at the news of ISIS fleeing and Palmyra being liberated by the Syrian Army and Russians. They said that,  Mr. Assad s contention that his government is a bulwark against the transnational extremist group  has been bolstered, but added that  his foes and some allies argue that he must leave power as part of a political settlement to end the war in Syria. In other words:  we still want regime change!  This says volumes about who is really enforcing New York Times editorial lines (either the US State Dept, or the CIA, take your pick).More importantly however, is what kind of message an US statement like that sends to ISIS, as well as Al Nusra and other terrorist brigades inside Syria, which is basically,  we do not need to worry about US air strikes, only Syrian Army and Russian strikes.  This situation really sums up the utter fraud and contempt of the US deception in Syria, and it s no surprise that the Russian Foreign Ministry are reticent to extend themselves any more where the US is concerned.Then, in March 2016, when ISIS fled Palmyra, back across the desert towards Deir ez-Zor and Raqqa   the great and powerful US  Coalition  airforce actually helped ISIS in a number of ways, including allowing them free passage once more.In late August, we were told that the Turkish Army, alongside  allied Syrian rebels  (terrorist group Faylaq al-Sham) backed by the US air cover, invaded Syria in order to capture the  ISIS-held  town of Jarabulus, Syria, this supposedly to cut off ISIS s last open route into Turkey. But what happened to ISIS?The NYT even admitted that,  it appeared that most of the militants had fled without a fight. Here, ISIS appears to have been given advanced warning   by either US or Turkish intelligence, as they left the contested town of Jarabulus quietly, but in droves. In reality, Turkey twisted this operation in order to attack and degrade Kurdish militias including the US-backed artificial construct called the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), and pro-Kurdish People s Protection Units (YPG) and Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD), the Syrian affiliate of the militant Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK) in Iraq and Turkey   all of whom are meant to be fighting ISIS. Instead, they are now busy dodging Turkish artillery rounds. Confusing, yes, but true nonetheless.It s also common knowledge now, that top of the line US weaponry is being used by ISIS, both in Iraq, in Afghanistan and in Syria as well. In fact, if not for US weapons and supplies (along with US air intervention, or noninterventions), ISIS would have struggled to maintain many of the strategic positions it enjoys today. For the last 3 years, US officials have been dodging this issue, and when they do admit this is true, their patronizing party line is that,  this must be a mistake, if they do have US weapons, we didn t mean it.  As if the world was born yesterday.Perhaps the most flagrant violation by the US-led forces in aiding and abetting ISIS took place on Sept 17, 2016, when the US-led Coalition bombed Syrian Army positions outside of Deir ez-Zor near al-Tharda Mountain, killing some 80 soldiers and injuring 100 more.  As if by design, an ISIS offensive began immediately following the US massacre of Syrian soldiers. Clearly, this bold move by the Pentagon paved the way for a major ISIS advance.To any normal observer, the US attack was a belligerent act of war that effective destroyed an already fragile bilateral ceasefire agreement, and yet the US response was to somehow blame Russia for calling an emergency UNSC meeting to discuss the incident. Judging by this response, it s pretty clear that US wants to see the Syrian Conflict carry on for a while, and it will need groups like ISIS to make that happen. The other problem with Washington s hollow righteousness in the Middle East is that there are key members of the US-led Coalition  who are financing ISIS, Al Nusra Front, Nour al Din Zinki, and Arar al Sham (all  moderate terrorists we re told) militants in Syria, Iraq and beyond. This fact was recently admitted by former US Secretary of State and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, as revealed in this week s batch of Wikileaks emails. Clinton writes: While this military/para-military operation is moving forward, we need to use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets to bring pressure on the governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region. Add to that the multiple exposures over the last 3 years of the US CIA illegally trafficking lethal arms to Al Nusra and other terrorists through covert operations like Timber Sycamore.Still, US and NATO member state officials and their media gatekeepers continue to deny it and play dumb, rather than come clean that the United States and its  partners  in the region are helping, not hindering ISIS terrorism.Some might ask: why would they do a thing like that? By now, the answer should be simple, but threefold:What s so comical yet even more tragic, is how prominent the topic of  ISIS  factors into all of the vapid  national security  debates and media panels in this year s US Presidential election, and in the dumbed-down  coverage of the delusional US mainstream media, led by Pentagon surrogate CNN, and hopeless FOX News. Judging by their prosaic  coverage , neither the networks, nor Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump have the slightest clue of what the reality on the ground is. Instead we here,  My ISIS plan is better than yours!  The US political conversation has gone beyond ridiculousness.The corps of US military and CIA media spokesman aren t much better. The sad part is some of them do know what is really happening, but would rather lie to the American public.With so much double dealing, who can you trust? Certainly not anyone in Washington.More on the White House s latest dangerous proposition .RTThe US and Saudi Arabia have agreed to grant free passage to thousands of Islamic State militants before the Iraqi city of Mosul is stormed. The jihadists will be redeployed to fight against the government in Syria, a military-diplomatic source told RIA Novosti. More than 9,000 Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS, ISIL) militants will be redeployed from Mosul to the eastern regions of Syria to carry out a major offensive operation, which involves capturing Deir ez-Zor and Palmyra,  the source said.According to the anonymous diplomatic source, US President Barack Obama has already sanctioned an operation to liberate Mosul, due to take place in October.During the storm of the city in northern Iraq the US-led coalition s planes would only strike detached, vacated or uninhabited buildings, while keeping terrorists as targets, he said.In September, US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter confirmed that Washington would send an additional 600 troops to Iraq to help liberate Mosul at the request of the local authorities.The source suggested that redeployment of IS militants is necessary because  Washington must somehow counter Russia s achievements in Syria, try to diminish their importance. Apart from the purely political dividends, the other purpose of this operation, obviously, will be to discredit the success of Russian Airspace forces. And, of course, it s an attempt to undermine Syrian President (Bashar) Assad,  he said.The leadership of Saudi Arabia s General Intelligence Directorate will be the mediators and guarantors of the agreement on safe passage for the jihadists from Mosul, he claimed.The source added that a similar scheme had been used by the US and its allies during the liberation of the Iraqi city of Fallujah Continue this story at RTREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22448,Boiler Room EP #78,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Randy J from 21Wire,  Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East and Stewart Howe of 21Wire for the 77th episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in some Boiler Room with the crew. This week we re boiling up some media maniac conversation with blend of topics that ONLY the Boiler Room can pull off.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Reference Links:",0
22449,Stuck on Stupid: Why is America Starting WW3?,"SARTRE 21st Century WireEvery day the world moves closer to a nuclear winter. The finger on the trigger presses upon the button and only a slight movement will launch unthinkable destruction.The point that it is so unthinkable yet so close to happening is caused by the overwhelming denial that Americans have towards the real nature of international brinksmanship. The United State foreign policy for global dominance cannot be defended as a righteous imperative. Those who naively believe that NATO occupies the high moral ground are just as confused as the dupes that cheer the dough boys or the GI s in the previous two world wars.The difference in the coming end of days is not that the foolish deployments and menacing circumstances are not known, but that the ultimate consequences and inevitable desolation is simply ignored. When a nation is oblivious to the lessons of history and the reality of insane actions, a rational foreign policy becomes the first causality of national security.Evaluate the titanic failures in the Middle East; Iraq, Egypt, Libya, Turkey, Yemen are well documented as benefiting only a greater Israel, a stronger Iran and a more bellicose Saudi Arabia.Yet the major confrontation with Russia over the Syrian civil war has raised the stakes to Armageddon proportions. Of course the international press wants to avoid any serious discussion on the basis of the  so called  authority that the United States has to bomb the Syrian government back to the Stone Age or even more important to deflect that Russia was invited into the conflict by the President of Syria, Bashar al-Assad. Perpetual warfare without declaring a constitutional war has become the norm in the post World War II environment. No doubt, there will never be a Congressional declaration before the ICBM birds fly. WWIII  is closer to occurring than ever before.Don t be sucked into the military-industrial-complex mindset that Russia is the belligerent behind the coming cataclysm. Remember the actual facts about the coup and who was behind the removal of Viktor Yanukovych in Ukraine. Read between the lines in this Washington Post report: Ousted Ukraine president warns of civil war, criticizes U.S. for aiding current government. Yanukovych, who read from a statement in Russian and did not take questions, accused the West and the United States of backing fascists in Ukraine   another regular allegation being made by Russian authorities. There is a gang of ultranationalists and fascists operating the government,  he said.  I would like to ask those who cover for these dark forces in the West: Are you blind? Have you forgotten what fascism is? Do you recall that NATO is encircling Russia with an unprecedented military buildup? Romanian minister: US anti-missile interceptors will be deployed in 2015, and Lithuania aims to spend $115m on air-defense system amid NATO build-up in Eastern Europe and Deployment of U.S. Missiles in Poland Anti-Russian Move  are just a few examples of NATO s expansion into Eastern Europe with the distinct intention of bringing Russia into the globalist New World Order sphere of domination.( ) Is this the end results from Obama Firing of Military Reminiscent of Stalin s Purge or is it a change in military doctrine to employ the George Armstrong Custer battlefield strategy, when taking on the Ruskies? At least Field Marshal Paulus surrendered at Stalingrad. Sounds like Milley will be directing his troops from an undisclosed bunker, while the rest of us incinerate.If you are still in doubt that the supreme lunacy is upon us, read the detailed explanation about the 8 Alarming Warning Signs That Indicate War With Russia Could Be Imminent.The brick need not be shattered into an irreversible carnage. But before levelheaded minds can revamp the tensions from failed policies, one needs to understand just what this confrontation is all about. Can the simple minds of a dumb down society face up to reality or are they satisfied to die in a contrived holocaust because the globalist controlled State Department are packed with Zionist NeoCons, who are quite willing to endure World War III to destroy Western Civilization?Mark 8:18 states it clearly: Having eyes, see ye not? and having ears, hear ye not? and do ye not remember?Obviously, the public does not see the deception, nor are they able to perceive the falsehoods from the media propaganda, and they certainly do not remember the real nature of the diabolic enemy behind the globalist plan for destroying any nation that opposes capitulation and integration into the New World Order.Being absorbed into the coordinated assault on Donald Trump, the entire establishment exposes itself to be the obedient enablers of the globalist cabal, hell bent on eradicating any opposition to their rule. If you have not already read, National Referendum on the Globalist Establishment, please do.Once this staged and rigged theater is over the end result will cast the forces of oppression against the populist sentiment to become independent and sovereign. The military will not be lead by the mythical Brigadier General Jack D. Ripper concerned about maintaining the national precious bodily fluids, but will be commanded by modern day Air Marshal Arthur Harris, who was as much a war criminal as any NAZI SS fanatic.Humanity is systemically stupid. People simply cannot bring themselves to admit that their society is ruled by dedicated demonic sociopaths. Challenging Russia on the field of war is about as mad as the very MAD strategic nuclear doctrine that the real Dr, Strangelove, Robert McNamara pushed to the threshold of annihilation.The single most compelling certainty is that Russia has always built their foreign policy around an extensive civil defense network that protects millions of their population. The United States has left exposed their entire civilian population as a conscious decision that millions would inevitably be killed in a full exchange of hydrogen bomb weapons.Stable, cogent and balanced individuals know these conclusions are true. Regrettably, none of us are in the loop of influencing policy, much less in positions of authority to reverse the unwarranted confrontation with Russia.General George S. Patton was correct in advocating deposing Stalin and the evil Soviet Union at the end of WWII, but the circumstances are reversed today. Since the end of those international finance inspired hostilities, the American empire has pursued a crusade to do the bidding of the NWO banksters cartel of imperialists.Vladimir Putin Nemesis of the New World Order is the overriding motivation for invoking an absurd cause that can only lead to the unthinkable. The fact that this outcome has now become conceivable if not alluring, illustrates the delusional disease that has taken over the establishment that operates in a fantasy existence of computer simulations and probabilities assessments.The military planning scenarios played by the Pentagon are infinitely more deadly than playing with the WOPR (War Operation Plan Response) computer in War Games. President Obama, Secretary of State Kerry and an aspiring President Hillary Clinton are certifiably insane to set into motion a warmongering conflict that threatens all of humanity.The American people are being held hostage to a globalism of destruction. Any country resisting the worldwide monopoly of elite s dominion must be conquered or destroyed. The United States has already been captured. Now it is time to obliterate both Russia and America to complete the final conquest.Subscription sign-up for the BATR RealPolitik NewsletterDiscuss or comment about this essay on the BATR ForumREAD MORE WWIII NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire WWIII FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22450,SPECTRE OF BENGHAZI: DOJ Drops Charges Against Alleged Arms Dealer of Libyan Weapons,"21st Century Wire says The US Department of Justice (DOJ) is dropping all charges against an arms dealer whose weapons made it into the hands of radical Libya militants.Early this week a motion was filed by the DOJ to drop charges against an American arms dealer named Marc Turi, according to federal court records obtained by Politico.Also according to Politico: The deal averts a trial that threatened to cast additional scrutiny on Hillary Clinton s private emails as Secretary of State, and to expose reported Central Intelligence Agency attempts to arm rebels fighting Libyan leader Moammar Qadhafi.   LIBYA FALLOUT    (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)In the book entitled Definitive Report by both Jack Murphy (Army Green Beret) and Brandon Webb (Navy SEAL), a close friend of Glen Doherty (one of the Americans killed during the Benghazi siege) it was revealed that Obama s former deputy NSA advisor and current CIA director, John Brennan had been directing covert black-ops in Libya as well as other parts in North Africa, prior to the siege that left four Americans dead at a compound in Benghazi.Brennan s covert operations were said to have  prompted retaliation  inside the compound in Libya   as former CIA director David Petraeus had been blackmailed into resignation by senior CIA officials.All of this information was preceded by a massive cover-up involving mainstream media, Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs, Susan Rice and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, both of whom initially blamed the siege on a heavily propagandized YouTube film entitled,  The Innocence of Muslims.  This meme was spread on many major talk shows even though evidence failed to connect the film to the attack.In addition, the White House and President Barack Obama had many inconsistencies in their talking points about Benghazi, first labeling it a terror attack, then quickly shifting gears, denying that there were Al Qaeda operatives anywhere near the compound.US Ambassador Christopher Stevens was said to have helped manage a large gun-running operation from the  Special Mission Compound  in Benghazi, as he was also said to have helped ship guns to  al-Qaeda-linked opposition  to assist in the takedown of former dictator Moammar Gadhafi.In a Business Insider report from October of 2012, the Benghazi story dovetailed the growing proxy war in Syria: In March 2011 Stevens became the official U.S. liaison to the al-Qaeda-linked Libyan opposition, working directly with Abdelhakim Belhadj of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group   a group that has now disbanded, with some fighters reportedly participating in the attack that took Stevens  life.In November 2011 The Telegraph reported that Belhadj, acting as head of the Tripoli Military Council,  met with Free Syrian Army [FSA] leaders in Istanbul and on the border with Turkey  in an effort by the new Libyan government to provide money and weapons to the growing insurgency in Syria. As 21WIRE has previously reported in 2014,  It s worth noting here: like Libya s new militant governor of Tripoli, Abdel Hakim Belhadj, the Chechen terrorist group Kata ib Mohadzherin s leader Airat Vakhitov was also under US supervision for years  imprisoned at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba circa 2002, after being captured by U.S. forces in Afghanistan. Both were Belhadj and Vakhitov were released by the Pentagon only to be repatriated in the field again   back into fighting regions to organise al Qaeda-type Islamist groups   both active in countries which the US and NATO have been actively vying for regime change   in Libya and Syria, respectively. You can draw your own conclusions here about what Guantanamo is in reality, a fact which was confirmed by thePenny Lane leaks regarding the recruitment of double agents out of Gitmo. Interestingly, in a NY Times article from December of 2012 entitled, U.S.-Approved Arms for Libya Rebels Fell Into Jihadis  Hands,  we see an acknowledgement of an arms shipment at the behest of the Obama administration under the watchful eye of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton   but the mainstream media appears to have provided cover for the White House and State Department by blaming Qatar for the weapons transfer to militants: The Obama administration secretly gave its blessing to arms shipments to Libyan rebels from Qatar last year, but American officials later grew alarmed as evidence grew that Qatar was turning some of the weapons over to Islamic militants, according to United States officials and foreign diplomats.No evidence has emerged linking the weapons provided by the Qataris during the uprising against Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi to the attack that killed four Americans at the United States diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, in September.But in the months before, the Obama administration clearly was worried about the consequences of its hidden hand in helping arm Libyan militants, concerns that have not previously been reported. The weapons and money from Qatar strengthened militant groups in Libya, allowing them to become a destabilizing force since the fall of the Qaddafi government. The spectre of Benghazi looms large when connecting the Middle Eastern dots over the past five years.More from Zero Hedge below   TRAIL OF BLOOD    Many questions about 2012 s Benghazi terror siege remain unanswered. (Image Source: foxnews)DOJ Drops Charges Against Arms Dealer Who  Threatened To Expose  Hillary Arming Islamic ExtremistsZero HedgeIn what would under other circumstances likely be a major media spectacle, Politico reported that the Obama administration is moving to dismiss charges against an arms dealer whom it had accused of selling weapons destined for Libyan rebels and who had threatened to expose Hillary Clinton s talks about arming anti-Qaddafi rebels.According to a motion filed in federal court in Phoenix, the DOJ on Monday filed a motion to drop the case against the arms dealer, an American named Marc Turi. One potential reason for the surprising move is that as Politico writes, the deal averts a trial that threatened to cast additional scrutiny on Hillary Clinton s private emails as Secretary of State, and to expose reported Central Intelligence Agency attempts to arm rebels fighting Libyan leader Moammar Qadhafi.Turi was indicted in 2014 on four felony counts: two of arms dealing in violation of the Arms Export Control Act and two of lying to the State Department in official applications. The charges accused Turi of claiming that the weapons involved were destined for Qatar and the United Arab Emirates, when the arms were actually intended to reach Libya. Turi s lawyers argued that the shipments were part of a U.S. government-authorized effort to arm Libyan rebels. It s unclear if any of the weapons made it to Libya, and there s no evidence linking weapons provided by the U.S. government to the Benghazi attacks.According to Politico government lawyers were facing a Wednesday deadline to produce documents to Turi s legal team, and the trial was officially set to begin on Election Day, although it likely would have been delayed by protracted disputes about classified information in the case. A Turi associate asserted that the government dropped the case because the proceedings could have embarrassed Clinton and President Barack Obama by calling attention to the reported role of their administration in supplying weapons that fell into the hands of Islamic extremist militants.Making matters worse, Turi s case had delved into emails sent to and from the controversial private account that Clinton used as Secretary of State, which the defense planned to harness at any trial. They don t want this stuff to come out because it will look really bad for Obama and Clinton just before the election,  said the associate.Leery of admitting the actual truth, in the dismissal motion, prosecutors were vague saying that  discovery rulings  from U.S. District Court Judge David Campbell contributed to the decision to drop the case. The joint motion asks the judge to accept a confidential agreement to resolve the case through a civil settlement between the State Department and the arms broker.This story continues at Zero Hedge READ MORE ISIS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ISIS Files   READ MORE LIBYA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Libya FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22451,Boiler Room EP #77 – The Venom of Divide and Rule,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Randy J from 21Wire,  Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot and Stewart Howe of 21Wire for the 77th episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in some Boiler Room with the crew. This week we re boiling up some media maniac conversation with blend of topics that ONLY the Boiler Room can pull off.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Reference Links:",0
22452,"Snowden 2.0: New NSA Contractor Whistleblower, Arrested for Stealing Spy Malware","21st Century Wire says QUESTION: Is this the same  malware leak  that US elected officials blamed on Russia?His name is Harold Thomas Martin III. He is a US Navy veteran and NSA contractor RTContractor is called Hal Martin, a Navy veteran, his attorney confirms. First appeared in court in late August. Charges to be unsealed soon. https://t.co/g40YOLsVCH  Ian Duncan (@iduncan) October 5, 2016The contractor s name is Hal Martin, and he is a Navy veteran, said the Baltimore Sun reporter Ian Duncan citing the man s attorney. Martin worked for Booz Allan Hamilton, the same company that used to employ Snowden, before he blew the lid on NSA operations in 2013.So Booz got repawned four months after Snowden's leaks?Maybe, um, take cyberattacks in-house? pic.twitter.com/3FrpMcgGjo  emptywheel (@emptywheel) October 5, 2016This is huge. Did the FBI secretly arrest the person behind the reports NSA sat on huge flaws in US products? https://t.co/otgOwB5efm  Edward Snowden (@Snowden) October 5, 2016This is huge. Did the FBI secretly arrest the person behind the reports NSA sat on huge flaws in US products? https://t.co/otgOwB5efm  Edward Snowden (@Snowden) October 5, 2016Citing unnamed government officials, the New York Times reported the contractor was arrested  in recent weeks,  the New York Times said. According to Duncan, Martin was arrested in late August and has already appeared before a judge.Martin s LinkedIn profile describes him as a  Technical Advisor & Investigator on Offensive Cyber issues  for the Department of Defense since July 2015,  in pursuit of program oversight, management excellence, and optimal outcomes on issues for various Cyber related Initiatives across DoD and the IC [intelligence community] Continue this story at RTREAD MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sci-Tech Files",0
22453,"Yahoo caves in to NSA, FBI – and secretly monitors customer email accounts for US Gov’t","21st Century Wire says This will rank as one of the most egregious miscarriages of consumer trust in US history. In a brief statement to Reuters, according to these Silicon Valley executives: Yahoo is a law-abiding company, and complies with the laws of the United States.  Actually, Yahoo is in breach of the law. The  laws  they think they are talking about do not allow for flipping a  dead switch  on the 4th Amendment and conducting mass surveillance on all US citizens.In reality, the US Constitution is meant to be the supreme law of the land and Yahoo just colluded with an out of control US federal government   to trash the 4th Amendment.So who is Marissa Mayer, the Yahoo CEO who willingly colluded behind closed doors with the NSA and the FBI to submit all of Yahoo s customer base to unwarranted surveillance? Why was this 37 year old neophyte allowed to walk into the top spot from Google with no real managerial experience, and put in charge of such a large corporation   and then given a $54 million golden parachute after this dark spying debacle? She has quickly amassed net worth of approximately $500 million   half a billion dollars.It sounds like she was definitely  hand-picked  for this particular job  SELL OUT: Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer sold out her customer base to an out of control, data-hungry Federal government.The GuardianYahoo last year secretly built a custom software program to search all of its customers  incoming emails for specific information provided by US intelligence officials, sources have told Reuters.The company complied with a classified US government directive, scanning hundreds of millions of Yahoo Mail accounts at the behest of the National Security Agency (NSA) or FBI, according to two former employees and a third person who knew about the program.Some surveillance experts said this represents the first known case of a US internet company agreeing to a spy agency s demand by searching all arriving messages, as opposed to examining stored messages or scanning a small number of accounts in real time.It is not known what information intelligence officials were looking for, only that they wanted Yahoo to search for a set of characters. That could mean a phrase in an email or an attachment, said the sources.Reuters was unable to determine what data Yahoo may have handed over, if any, and whether intelligence officials had approached other email providers besides Yahoo with this kind of request.According to the two former employees, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer s decision to obey the directive troubled some senior executives and led to the June 2015 departure of the chief information security officer, Alex Stamos, who now heads security at Facebook.( ) Andrew Crocker, staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said that the use of the word  directive  to describe the program indicated that the request may have been ordered under the section 702 of the 2008 Fisa Amendments Act, which allows the government to target non-US citizens abroad for surveillance.Revelations by Edward Snowden about the Prism and Upstream programs   of which the Yahoo program looks like a hybrid, Crocker said   show that US citizens were also subject to mass surveillance. The fourth amendment and attendant privacy concerns are quite staggering,  Crocker said.  It sounds like they are scanning all emails, even inside the US   the fourth amendment protects that fully. It s hard to see how the government justifies requiring Yahoo to search emails like that; there is no warrant that could possibly justify scanning all emails Continue this story at The GuardianREAD MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sci-Tech Files ",0
22454,October Tease: Wikileaks False Start Leaves Trump Supporters Sleepless and Exasperated,"21st Century Wire says This was one of the most eagerly anticipated cyber  events ever, but today s October surprise  turned out to be an October tease.On Monday, Wikileaks founder Julian Assange warmed up the international community, and more importantly Trump supporters, when he hinted,  If we are going to make a major publication about the U.S., we wouldn t do it at 3 a.m [Tues]. As it turns out, after much hope and lots of hype, Trump supporters couldn t even get to first base with Assange this morning  Over in America, the Trump camp was buzzing with the promise that Hillary Clinton would be mortally wounded by this morning s big reveal. Trump s online again-offline again surrogate-cum-secret agent, Roger Stone, was over the moon with joy, and even tweeted:Wednesday@HillaryClinton is done. #Wikileaks.  Roger Stone (@RogerJStoneJr) October 2, 2016Trump backer Alex Jones insisted that the Wikileaks document dump would be  historic  and that  the Clintons will be devastated!  and even went so far as to promote a live broadcast special on his channel Infowars.com, promising to unveil the  devastating  news.In the end, nothing happened. There were no documents revealed.The Clintons Will Be DEVASTATED: Infowars Historic LIVE COVERAGE Of #Wikileaks10 Press Conference   Share this link! https://t.co/M4saKik1GO  infowars (@infowars) October 3, 2016A classic case of the media jumping the gun, before anything was actually confirmed.It wasn t only Jones and Co. Many a Trump supporter stayed up all night in anticipation of what this Wikileaks trove might bring Did #julianassange just make me stay up 20 hours straight for him to say see you in November? #wikileaks  Tim Black   (@RealTimBlack) October 4, 2016It is still possible that the major information release previously promised by Assange is imminent, and Assange did hint at this in the wake of the DNC leaks which led to the resignation of chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Schultz and others over systemic Democratic Party corruption. In his statement, he reiterated the incredible workload that he and his team have in vetting all the information in their possession before it s released. Wikileaks also has to be careful in order to preserve the integrity of the leaks, but also to organize and catalogue the information for press and public consumption.Assange has since indicated that waves of documents will now be revealed in a time-released fashion, with some items dumped each week, right up until the US election on November 8th.When asked during his Berlin videocast about what the impact might be based on his knowledge of the information, Assange simply relied: We think they re significant. WATCH THIS SPACE.READ MORE WIKILEAKS AT: 21st Century Wire Wikileaks Files",0
22455,AGITPROP MACHINE: How the US create Fake Al Qaeda and ISIS videos,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WireFollowing the invasion of Iraq in 2003, the Pentagon reportedly paid PR firm Bell Pottinger $540 million to produce fake terror videos used to steer Western political interests.If this latest report by the The Bureau of Investigative Journalism is accurate, the public is once again privy to another startling example of how deep-state social engineering impacts and propels larger geopolitical war campaigning.This latest Pentagon public relations scandal comes after an onslaught of summertime war propaganda images were found to have been fabricated by the George Soros and US-UK government-backed pseudo NGO known as The White Helmets.   WAR GAMES    (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)As 21WIRE recently reported,  Like so many celebrated attributes of the lauded White Helmets, the rescue numbers are clearly exaggerated. The so-called rebel-held  territories (in actuality, terrorist-held areas) in which the White Helmets exclusively operate, have very few civilians remaining in them. The majority of Syrian civilians have fled terrorist-held enclaves like East Aleppo into government protected areas like West Aleppo  a fact that is routinely glossed over by western media outlets because it runs counter to the storyline being pushed by the US and UK government, both of whom are funding the White Helmets. The creation of all of this modern day agitprop has most certainly contributed to an environment of confusion, fear and uncertainty in the War On Terror era   no doubt costing many lives in the process.  REPUTATION LAUNDERING    The controversial PR firm Bell Pottinger Group. (Image Source: mmbiztoday)The Pentagon, Pottinger & Fake TerrorAccording to The Bureau of Investigative Journalism, there was a secretive operation between Bell Pottinger and those in high-level security working with the Pentagon to create al Qaeda terror videos as well as influence global media outlets through various propaganda: The Pentagon gave a controversial UK PR firm over half a billion dollars to run a top secret propaganda programme in Iraq, the Bureau of Investigative Journalism can reveal.Bell Pottinger s output included short TV segments made in the style of Arabic news networks and fake insurgent videos which could be used to track the people who watched them, according to a former employee.The agency s staff worked alongside high-ranking US military officers in their Baghdad Camp Victory headquarters as the insurgency raged outside. Bell Pottinger s former chairman Lord Tim Bell, confirmed the shocking story with the Sunday Times, who worked alongside with the Bureau to uncover covert operations which were covered by various secrecy agreements,  and  The London-based PR agency was brought into Iraq soon after the US invasion. In March 2004 it was tasked by the country s temporary administration with the  promotion of democratic elections    a  high-profile activity  which it trumpeted in its annual report. Also according the former chairman Bell, Bell Pottinger reported to the Pentagon, the CIA and the National Security Council on its work in Iraq. In total, over half a billion dollars was spent on the creation of various psychological operations crafted by the Pentagon and Bell Pottinger. Additionally, the Bureau tracked Pottinger s work through US army contracting censuses, federal procurement transaction records and reports by the Department of Defense (DoD),  interviewing  half a dozen former officials and contractors involved in information operations in Iraq. The Bureau has identified transactions worth $540 million between the Pentagon and Bell Pottinger for information operations and psychological operations on a series of contracts issued from May 2007 to December 2011. A similar contract at around the same annual rate   $120 million   was in force in 2006, we have been told. According to Martin Wells, a freelance video editor who worked with Bell Pottinger to create the secretive Pentagon propaganda: The third and most sensitive programme described by Wells was the production of fake al Qaeda propaganda films. He told the Bureau how the videos were made. He was given precise instructions:  We need to make this style of video and we ve got to use al Qaeda s footage,  he was told.  We need it to be 10 minutes long, and it needs to be in this file format, and we need to encode it in this manner. US marines would take the CDs on patrol and drop them in the chaos when they raided targets. Wells said:  If they re raiding a house and they re going to make a mess of it looking for stuff anyway, they d just drop an odd CD there. The CDs were set up to use Real Player, a popular media streaming application which connects to the internet to run. Wells explained how the team embedded a code into the CDs which linked to a Google Analytics account, giving a list of IP addresses where the CDs had been played. The tracking account had a very restricted circulation list, according to Wells: the data went to him, a senior member of the Bell Pottinger management team, and one of the US military commanders. QUESTION: Were the CD terror video productions a new form of Cold War-style propaganda leaflet, serving to rouse the populace, or were they only for planting fabricated evidence?Apparently, it s both. And there s the third function: to collect I.P. addresses of anyone who viewed the CD while connected to the internet.The Daily Beast reported that the Pentagon acknowledged their working relationship with Pottinger: The Pentagon confirmed that Bell Pottinger did work for them as a contractor in Iraq under the Information Operations Task Force (IOTF), producing some material that was openly sourced to coalition forces, and some which was not. They insisted that all material put out by IOTF was  truthful. IOTF was not the only mission Bell Pottinger worked on however. Wells said some Bell Pottinger work was carried out under the Joint Psychological Operations Task Force (JPOTF), which a U.S. defense official confirmed.The official said he could not comment in detail on JPOTF activities, adding  We do not discuss intelligence gathering methods for operations past and present. According Wells, some of the clandestine projects went even higher up in Washington.  If [Petraeus] couldn t sign off on it, it would go on up the line to the White House, and it was signed off up there, and the answer would come back down the line . In 2011, former US General David Petraeus served as director of the CIA from September of 20111 to November of 2012   resigning after illegally providing classified material to his biographer Paula Broadwell, with whom he was having an affair.While the Bureau of Investigative Journalism claims appear to confirm the fever-pitch of  War On Terror  propaganda witnessed almost daily now   one should also note that the Bureau has also been awarded by Amnesty International, a military industrial complex connected so-called human rights group, in addition to working with the dubious Qatari-GCC linked media organization, Al Jazzera. The Bureau also suffered a huge reputation dent in 2012 over the BBC-Lord McAlpine affair. However, the Bureau seems to have gone through a revamp of sorts and did recently hire Meirion Jones as an Investigations Editor. Jones is best known for his investigation into the Jimmy Saville abuse scandal which was compounded by a BBC cover-up scandal.Fake ISIS Video Used by US MediaOn a comparative note, in February of 2015, terror analysis experts concluded that ISIS video footage appearing to show the executions of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians was indeed a faked.According to Florida-based Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium, the on camera murders of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians purported to have been decapitated   were ruled to have been  staged , due to the excessive anomalies seen in the dramatic 5 minute film entitled,  Signed With Blood: To The Nation Of The Cross. Editorial Director of the Florida-based Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium, Veryan Khan, told FOX News the following: The Islamic State s manipulation of their high-production videos has become commonplace. The background image shown was likely from another location, the Bay in Sirte, a part of the Mediterranean Sea on the northern coast of Libya. There are several technical mistakes in the video that show it was manipulated. According to Hollywood director Mary Lambert, who created the well-known horror film Pet Cemetery: The shot that seems really tampered with is the one with the really tall Jihadists and the dwarf Christians. The close-ups of Jihadists on the beach are most likely green screen. Prior to experts releasing their conclusion about the ISIS video production, here at 21WIRE, we outlined many of the film s irregularities and inconsistencies  proving that the film was indeed heavily orchestrated for maximum effect.   LARGER THAN LIFE     Notice the extreme height difference between the apparent ISIS members, as they dwarf the alleged Egyptian victims. (Photo link nationalpost.com)Staging A Crime: Public Relations, SITE & TerrorIn our first report regarding the Pentagon/Pottinger propaganda here at 21WIRE, some important ideas were raised. Perhaps most notably, how the public should perceive the ISIS related propaganda splashed all over Western media the past two years, and its use as a pretext for escalating US-led military involvement in Syria: Where this story gets really interesting is taken in context with all of the numerous staged ISIS and  Jihadi John  terrorist propaganda videos which flooded the US and British press and which were the basis for the entire US-led intervention against the so-called Islamic State in Syria. In addition, the character known as Jihadi John  has direct ties to British Security Services.  FAKE ISIS VIDEOS: This  Jihadi John  video was filmed in a studio, against a green screen. Was this produced by Bell Pottinger or a similar PR firm too? FOX News has since admitted that at least one of the ISIS beheading videos was staged in a studio. Part of Petraeus s deceptive operation also involved running an Arabic sector similar to US domestic propaganda efforts like Operation Mockingbird, where the Pentagon contractor would craft scripts for Arabic soap operas where characters would reject terrorism with happy consequences. This is especially interesting when considering that this Turkish TV program seems to predate the  Jihadi John  video genre, indicating that the same production team may have been employed in producing the fake green screen Jihadi John terror videos. Watch:In 2002, Rita Katz and Josh Devon founded Search for International Terrorist Entities Institute (SITE), which eventually developed into its current incarnation, as a propaganda outlet for high-profile terror groups such as al Qaeda and ISIS.The terror monitoring intelligence group is directly linked to both the CIA and Israeli intelligence. In 2006, the New Yorker article entitled,  Private Jihad: How Rita Katz got into the spying business,  discussed how SITE may have provided material support to would-be Jihadists via various message boards: Katz has a testy relationship with the government, sometimes acting as a consultant and sometimes as an antagonist. About a year ago, a SITE staffer, under an alias, managed to join an exclusive jihadist message board that, among other things, served as a debarkation point for many would-be suicide bombers. For months, the staffer pretended to be one of the jihadis, joining in chats and watching as other members posted the chilling messages known as  wills,  the final sign-offs before martyrdom. The staffer also passed along technical advice on how to keep the message board going.Continuing, the New Yorker outlined the serious nature of SITE s involvement with terror related entities from a legal perspective: Katz called officials in Washington, and was met with institutional resistance:  They said,  Oh, Rita, I m not sure you should even be communicating with them you might be providing material support! So, how exactly has SITE avoided any potential charges related to their organization, given that they ve admitted to providing advice to those potentially plotting attacks?Perhaps there s a better explanation Here s another look at a CNN interview with SITE founder and Israeli operative, Rita Katz, who admits,  we had that video beforehand and were able to beat them with the release . Notice how the intelligence group founder Katz, conveniently and calmly discusses acquiring the ISIS videos by claiming that the terror group needs a place to disseminate its exploits:In 2007, SITE came under fire for obtaining an alleged Bin Laden video a month prior to its release. In a sense, SITE was really functioning as a type of PR agent for the well-known terror avatar: Her [Rita Katz] firm provides intelligence about terrorist groups to a wide range of paying clients, including private firms and military and intelligence agencies from the United States and several other countries. Continuing: Katz said she decided to offer an advance copy of the bin Laden video to the White House without charge so officials there could prepare for its release. Many notable researchers and analysts have long believed that the now legendary  Bin Laden Raid  which took place in May 2011, was not only fabricated   but a propaganda ploy, with President Obama being the chief beneficiary by looking  tough on terror  during his re-election run against Mitt Romney. Even today, Hillary Clinton is also using the event as major part of her presidential campaign to covey her  national security  credentials. Based on our past research and reporting at 21WIRE, we ve also believed this to be case, making note of the obvious stagecraft some time ago: One thing which becomes clearer by the day about the fabled  Bin Laden Raid  which took place in Abbotabad, Pakistan, is that the US government has intentionally deceived the public about what happened. In other words, what President Obama described when he addressed the American people following  the raid    was a work of pure fiction. In addition, the bizarre and still relatively unexplained deaths of many SEAL Team 6 members taking place immediately after the alleged Bin Laden Raid has been be more cause for suspicion.The Bin Laden Raid was perhaps the largest ever theatrical man-hunt for a fugitive in the modern era  an event which failed to produce any credible forensic evidence. Many members of the medical field, have long suspected Bin Laden was dead. This supposition has also been supported by many high-ranking officials  including former Pakistani PM Benazir Bhutto, just prior to her assassination.  A Guardian report from October 2001 outlined Bin Laden s apparent serious health problems: Bin Laden has often been reported to be in poor health. Some accounts claim that he is suffering from Hepatitis C, and can expect to live for only two more years. According to Le Figaro, last year he ordered a mobile dialysis machine to be delivered to his base at Kandahar in Afghanistan. Additionally, a bevy of intelligence insiders, along with other mainstream media reports, have stated that the former CIA-linked asset Bin Laden, died somewhere between 2001 and 2002.On an interesting note, Memory Hole editor James F. Tracy discussed how Katz s SITE has suspiciously procured various terror plots ahead of all major US intelligence agencies: As noted, news outlets seldom see fit to closely analyze SITE or Katz concerning their research and function as conduits for terrorist propaganda. A LexisNexis search for SITE Intelligence in the article content of US newspapers and major world publications over the past two years produces 317 items an admittedly low figure given the prominence of SITE s recent disclosures. Yet a similar search for  Steven Sotloff  alone yields over 1,000 newspaper stories and 600 broadcast transcripts, suggesting the sensationalistic usage and effect of SITE s data and how neither SITE nor Katz are called upon to explain their specific methods and findings. Indeed, a similar search for  SITE Intelligence  and  Rita Katz  yields only 26 entries over a two year period. Of these, 14 appear in theWashington Post, a publication with well-established links to US intelligence. Four New York Times articles feature the combined entities. In a CNN interview on the heels of the Sotloff beheading, Katz explains how again SITE curiously surpassed the combined capacities of the entire US intelligence community in securing the Sotloff footage. PSYOP PLAYGROUND?    Bell Pottinger played a role in a psychological operations task force setup in Baghdad. (Image Source: psyopsinsignia)Shades of Propaganda The US Special Operations Center of Excellence, describes a historical context with which to view the type of  gray ops  disinformation campaign discussed above between the Pentagon and Pottinger: The documented history of PSYOP begins with the World War I activities of its antecedent, propaganda. In World War I, PSYOP  came into its own as a formal activity,  said retired Colonel Frank Goldstein. During that period, the three shades of propaganda   white, gray and black   appeared in a variety of unclassified and classified government programs aimed at motivating popular support for the war and demoralizing the enemy. It is important to understand that as propaganda moves from shades of white to black, the source of the propaganda becomes less obvious, until, in black propaganda, the source is unknown. The most memorable and successful World War I white-propaganda themes communicated that the war was necessary to  keep the world safe for democracy  and that it would be  the war to end all wars. For maximum impact, a PSYOP must be rooted in partial reality, followed by various phases of propaganda which parrot each other without contradiction. The scope of these specific types of operations are vast,  They include counterterrorism operations, peace operations, noncombatant evacuation, enforcement of sanctions and maritime interception operations, strikes and raids, etc. NGO WeaponizationThe far reach of NGO propaganda is becoming more transparent and is still being propped up by military arms such as NATO.Here s a passage from Patrick Henningsen s seminal article entitled  AN INTRODUCTION: Smart Power & The Human Rights Industrial Complex,  that intricately dissects the role of NGO s as they relate to the military industrial apparatus: Upon more rigorous inspection, however, a number of uncomfortable realities emerge regarding the 21st century international human rights concern. Though many human rights charities still market themselves as  neutral  and  nonpartisan , the reality is something very different. Below, we will detail a number of high-profile cases where these organisations are being used as public relations organs to further western foreign policy objectives. With public skepticism of the charity sector already at an all-time high, the danger is clear: if conflicts of interest are not addressed in a serious way, they threaten to undermine the credibility of the entire non-governmental organization (NGO) sector internationally.   MASS PROPAGANDA    The Save Aleppo campaign acts out images of war. (Image 21WIRE via (Photo: Land Destroyer)In a recent report from 21WIRE Special Contributor Vanessa Beeley, we see how many Western supported NGO narratives work symbiotically with the international body NATO: Amid the terrorist attacks and the daily massacres of Syrian civilians by [so-called] Western-backed  moderate rebels,  the children maimed and mutilated by these attacks are almost invisible to the mainstream media. The mainstream media does, however, showcase stories like that of Omran Daqneesh stories which serve and propel the NATO narrative despite the dubious sources from which they emanate. Akin to many mass casualty drills playing out simultaneously with America s Daily Shooter events, staged scenes with dust and fake blood are coming out of the  Save Aleppo  protests in Europe that seems to mimic elements of the Soros backed (al Qaeda linked) White Helmets in Syria. The impetus for such fakery, appears to be focused on getting the general public to push for deeper conflict in Syria.Interestingly, while NGO s are busy dialing into the heartstrings of the public with staged imagery, there are also recent designer social engineering studies backed by the Pentagon that are focused on mass civil unrest. All of this, as Soros pledges $500 million for the so-called migrant crisis in Europe.The scale of such US-sponsored social engineering projects are breathtaking. In June of 2014, in an article entitled,  Pentagon preparing for mass civil breakdown,  by Nafeez Ahmed, published at the UK s Guardian, we learned that:A new  research programme is funding universities to model the dynamics, risks and tipping points for large-scale civil unrest across the world, under the supervision of various US military agencies.  The program was brought to fruition during the height of the banking crisis in 2008, as Ahmed points out, suggesting it was already in the works for some time   and time was of the essence. The social science study may have been as big or bigger then the Snowden documents on NSA bulk collection, where not only are Americans being tracked but their behavior is being categorized, labeled and scrutinized, prompting those who value civl rights and privacy to question the ethics and morals of such a US government program. The Guardian article also outlined the type of militarized language used to describe civil movements promoting political change, ironically they used the NGO/US State Department engineered uprising in Egypt as a model for one social science study: Among the projects awarded for the period 2014-2017 is a Cornell University-led study managed by the US Air Force Office of Scientific Research which aims to develop an empirical model  of the dynamics of social movement mobilisation and contagions.  The project will determine  the critical mass (tipping point)  of social contagians by studying their  digital traces  in the cases of  the 2011 Egyptian revolution, the 2011 Russian Duma elections, the 2012 Nigerian fuel subsidy crisis and the 2013 Gazi park protests in Turkey. Essentially, this is computer modelling of  color revolutions  over sees  an expensive digital tool in the Pentagon and the CIA s  regime change  operations.Americans should be reminded that these programs are all taxpayer funded. The total bill is well into the billions by now.What s next in a world with designed outcomes, false narratives and staged crises? READ MORE ISIS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ISIS FilesREAD MORE  WAR ON TERROR  NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire W.O.T FilesREAD MORE PROPAGANDA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Propaganda FilesREAD MORE PENTAGON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Pentagon FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE by subscribing and becoming a MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22456,"US admits not targeting Al Nusra, then blames Moscow for separating ‘moderates’ from terrorists","21st Century Wire says While Russian and Syrian forces are doing the real work of actually fighting terrorists in Syria   the United States is arming, funding and training jihadists. In reality, the US failed to fulfill any of its ceasefire commitments in Syria. In fact, the US destroyed any hope of an agreement when it carried out a vicious airstrike killing upwards of 100 Syrian soldiers on Sept 17th.It s just a little bit rich for the ethically and morally challenged political detritus in Washington DC to be blaming Russia for not doing more to separate the  moderates  from the terrorists. Maybe that s because there is no  moderate opposition  in Syria. This is just a piece of fiction that Washington is trying to preserve in order to prop up its diplomatic facade regarding Syria. In the eyes of the Syrian state, if the opposition is armed, then they cannot rightly be called  moderates . This would be the same in the United States, or Great Britain.This hypocrisy, and Washington s adolescent insistence on playing semantic name games when referring to  moderate opposition  and  moderate rebels  are mere euphemisms for moderate terrorists.Despite all of this, CIA director John Brennan wants to keep talking tough, by threatening Russia: I think that pushing back against a bully is appropriate,  Brennan told Reuters.  I think that is very different than rushing in and bombing the hell out of a place.  CAUGHT ON TAPE: John Kerry s UN audio leak proved that the Secretary of State has been lying all along, to the Russians, the Syrians, the world, and to the US electorate that pays his salary. Kerry also admitted on tape that the US was arming and training terrorists in Syria.We know now that from the beginning of Washington s illegal entry into Syria airspace, their plan was to spare Al-Nusra and to keep it  just in case  for Plan B. Watch this recent clip where an Al-Nusra commander testifies on how the US supports jihadists in Syria in the form of arms, tanks and artillery: RTThe US is not targeting al-Nusra terrorists in Syria because they have become too  intermingled  with moderates and civilians, the US State Department claimed, accusing Moscow of causing the mess which prevents Washington from separating the groups.Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov once again stressed in an interview with the BBC on Friday that Washington never delivered on its obligation to separate Jabhat Fateh al-Sham (known before the rebranding as al-Nusra Front) and other extremist groups from the so-called  moderate  rebels, to whom the US provides support.However, this time Lavrov went a step further and implied that Washington has been sparing terrorists in Syria on purpose, should they ever come in handy in terms of potentially overthrowing the government of Bashar Assad. They still, in spite of many repeated promises and commitments   are not able or not willing to do this and we have more and more reasons to believe that from the very beginning the plan was to spare al-Nusra and to keep it just in case for  Plan B    when it would be time to change the regime,  the Russian minister said.The US State Department has dismissed Lavrov s statements as absurd , instead accusing Russia of driving the  moderate opposition to intermingle with terrorist fighters on the battlefield against the Syrian government forces.Claiming that the US exerted every possible effort to influence and separate moderates from terrorists, State Departments spokesman Mark Toner told reporters at a daily briefing on Friday, that the  moderate opposition  have been  driven more or less into the arms  and have no other choice but to  turn to Nusra, fight side by side. Toner admitted that the US had not targeted al-Nusra for months because its members had become  intermingled  with other groups and civilians. We did carry out strikes initially, back in 2014-2015, against Nusra. But absolutely, you re correct in that, as they became intermingled and as they became intermingled in civilian areas, we ve always sought to limit the possibility of civilian casualties in any of our airstrikes,  Toner said Continue this story at RTREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22457,US Presidential Debates Much More Corrupt Than You Might Think,"Brasscheck TVNearly 30 years ago, two criminal enterprises known as the Democratic and Republican parties hijacked the presidential debates process. Previous to that, presidential debates were run by a non-partisan, non-political group.No more, now the two criminal parties get to shape the show to their liking.BOTTOM LINE: No hard questions and the parties get to pack the audience with their brainless operatives. No real people allowed.Watch the discussion on the Jimmy Dore Show here: ",0
22458,"Diplomatic Frauds: Kerry, Power, Kirby Lying and Shilling for ‘Body Bags’ and War in Syria","Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireWhen US Secretary of State, John Kerry, on Thursday said there was no point  in pursuing further negotiations with Russia over Syria, you had to question on what basis this man is holding his current position as the nation s highest ranking diplomat. Really? No more diplomacy? At this point, even a conservative assessment would have to grade his performance as a failure.Regarding Russia, Kerry proclaimed,  We are on the verge of suspending the discussion,  adding,  It is one of those moments where we re going to have to pursue other alternatives for a period of time. At the time of this statement earlier this week, Kerry was not clear about what those  other alternatives would be, but yesterday, a new leaked audio presented by a New York Times journalist seems to answer this question  According to a leaked taped conversation acquired by The New York Times of a backroom meeting at the United Nations General Assembly, John Kerry was never been interested in a  diplomatic solution  to the conflict in Syria. Quite the opposite: his priority has always been to topple President Bashar Assad by military means and through the implementation of a  No Fly Zone  which would most certainly give a tactical advantage to US and Gulf-backed terrorist proxy fighting groups like Al Nusra Front, Arar al Sham and others. I ve argued for use of force. I stood up. I m the guy who stood up and announced we re going to attack Assad because of the weapons, and then you know things evolved into a different process. There it is: after all the diplomatic doublespeak, the underlying US policy is and always has been regime change.More shockingly, he then told a US-backed opposition operatives that,  you have nobody more frustrated than we are (the US)  that the Syrian conflict is now being solved  diplomatically    a clear betrayal of his job description, but also of the fundamental principles on which the UN was founded.Kerry also added further insult to injury by admitting that both Saudi Arabia and NATO member Turkey are financing Wahabist terrorist fighters on the ground: The problem is that, you know, you get, quote,  enforcers  in there and then everybody ups the ante, right? Russia puts in more, Iran puts in more; Hezbollah is there more, and and Saudi Arabia and Turkey put all their surrogate money in, and you all are destroyed. In the audio, Kerry keeps referring to the  opposition  but is careful and never brackets the confab of terrorist forces on the ground in that conversation, thus making the theoretical fantasy of a ceasefire somehow viable in his own parallel universe.The reality is that if Syria and Russia grounded their airforces in a ceasefire, then Al Nusra Front, Jaesh al Fatah, ISIS and other terrorists (many of whom are armed by the US) would simply step-up their own advances and attacks on civilian and SAA protected areas. The US knows this, and would like to see that happen for reasons now revealed by John Kerry in this recording.Something else in the tape was significant. After saying that Russia do not observe international law , Kerry then admitted that,  Russia was invited in (legally into Syria) while the US was not.Incredibly, Kerry also admitted that,  Hezbollah are not plotting against us (the United States) , and that,  Hezbollah are being targeted by the opposition who we (the US) are arming and training. Now, leaks are rarely if ever accidental in Washington, especially when a pro-Obama Administration newspaper like the New York Times is involved in the operation. Is Kerry trying to extricate himself from this 5 year-long foreign policy debacle? With Washington s crown jewel in the destabilzation project, Aleppo, due to fall any time now, perhaps he might be opening an intermediary exit door for this Administration from the current losing path to partitioning Syria. Time will tell.Listen to this incredibly informative leaked audio here: Interestingly, back in April, Raed Salah, the leader of the White Helmets, was denied entry into the US at Washington s Dulles International Airport and deported, supposedly told due to  extremist connections.  Salah was on his way to receive a humanitarian relief award at a gala dinner hosted by USAID. It turns that USAID has also pumped at least $23 million into the White Helmets. How did Salah get back into the US for this month s UN General Assembly festivities? Did Kerry intervene personally to help sidestep his travel ban? It seems that these days in Washington, the term conflict of interest  has lost all meaning with the ruling Mandarin class.Samantha Power s MeltdownMuch could be gleaned by Samantha Power s flippant tantrum after walking out of a crucial UN Security Council emergency session after the US had attacked and massacred over 80 Syrian military soldiers after a  Coalition  airstrike on Dier Azor   a US attack which allowed ISIS to strategically advance past Syrian Army defensive positions. Undoubtedly, this act by the US is what ruined any chance of a viable ceasefire agreement. Power then went on the blame Russia for the crisis.Here, the US was caught red-handed, and it seems that Power s only recourse was to lash out in an adolescent huff, indicating that she is not capable of maintaining a professional demeanor in public while tasked with managing the sensitive job of international diplomacy. As a result, many now believe that Power was promoted well above her own level of incompetence. Watch Power here: Kirby s Jejune Diplomacy  As if the shrill antics of Power were not enough, US State Dept spokesman John Kirby did his part this week in undermining America s reputation a trusted international broker of diplomacy. What s telling, however, about Kirby crass, passive aggressive evasive diatribes is the sound of desperation. His defensive reactions make it sounds as if the United States is losing in Syria. The truth is they are losing very badly. Still, like a good corporate soldier, he s trying to project confidence, believing he s  one of the good guys. While Kerry threatens to cut off all talks with Moscow over Syria unless they cease attacks on  Aleppo  (the US never want to say East Aleppo), Kirby added something even more toxic into the mix when he issued an unprecedented threat to Russia, saying: Russia will continue to send troops home in body bags..  Just like Kerry, Kirby s dangerous comment should disqualify Kirby from holding any diplomatic position in the US government. Maybe he should go back to the Pentagon where things aren t so complicated.Then Kirby began wielding his ISIS dog whistle, saying that Russia can expect terrorist attacks in Russian cities. Even more disappointing though, is Kirby s fallacious attempt to whitewash the war crimes of Saudi Arabia (and the US, too) in Yemen, as they wage an afront to international law and order with their undeclared war of aggression against their neighbor. In a verbal exchange with RT s correspondent Gayane Chichakyan over Syria, Saudi Arabia and Yemen, Kirby tries to avoid the uncomfortable question by attacking Chichakyan s network RT. Watch: Clearly, we are witnessing the internal implosion of the UN through systematic and institutional corruption, with the main players in this stage act being the United States and Saudi Arabia.Presently, the United States and its client in Saudi Arabia are in direct violation of the Nuremberg Principles that were established after WWII and which provide the legal and moral basis for both the Geneva Convention and the United Nations organization itself.So this is the dynamic trio that Barack Obama is hiding behind. American  diplomats  like John Kerry, Samantha Power, and John Kirby have a lot to answer for, because even though they may not be aware of it, everyone else now knows that their public outbursts are nothing more than smokescreens to cover the numerous lies and covert operations that the US government continues to sell regarding two dirty wars in Syria and Yemen.As it stands today, they are definitely on the wrong side of history.Here s more on John Kirby and US duplicity in Syria and Yemen RTUnless Russia  stops the violence  in Syria, extremists would  exploit the vacuum  to attack Russian interests and even cities, the US State Department has said. Extremist groups will continue to exploit the vacuums that are there in Syria to expand their operations, which could include attacks against Russian interests, perhaps even Russian cities. Russia will continue to send troops home in body bags, and will continue to lose resources, perhaps even aircraft,  John Kirby, the State Department s spokesperson, told reporters at Wednesday s press briefing.If the war continues  more Russian lives will be lost, more Russian aircraft will be shot down,  Kirby said.Early on Wednesday, US Secretary of State John Kerry threatened to end all cooperation between the United States and Russia to stop Syria s civil war, unless Moscow and Damascus ended the current attack on East Aleppo. We are working through steps that we might have to take to begin to suspend our engagement with Russia on Syria. We haven t taken those steps yet,  said Kirby.  The message to the [Russian] Foreign Minister today was that we are perfectly willing and able to move forward on those steps that would end with the suspension of US-Russia bi-lateral engagement in Syria. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov presented a different version of the call with Secretary Kerry, with the demand that the US live up to its obligation to separate opposition forces from extremist groups.The US promised long ago to separate the rebels from terrorists and it needs to live up to that obligation, Lavrov told Kerry, bringing up the recent interview of an Al-Nusra commander about how the group is receiving outside support   including American weapons   as well as the statement of a Syrian opposition leader Riyad Hijab that he did not consider Al-Nusra terrorists.Foreign Minister Lavrov told Kerry that many US-backed groups are working side by side with the Al-Qaeda affiliate, and brought up media reports that Nusra was receiving weapons from the US.During the press briefing, Kirby said the US had  influence over some of the [rebel] groups but not all. There are other nations that have influence. We have admitted that not all opposition groups on every single day have abided by it, and we have continued to work with them on that,  Kirby said, asked about the rebels  violations of the Syrian ceasefire.The Obama Administration has consistently called for regime change in Syria, and Kirby told reporters on Wednesday Obviously, we don t want to see the regime acquire any additional territory  in Aleppo.In response to the statement that Russia was targeting Nusra Front and terrorists, Kirby said  That s not what s happening. They re hitting hospitals, civilian infrastructure. When asked about the US arming Saudi Arabia, Kirby said the State Department had been critical about the  lack of precision in some strikes  in Yemen. We have a strong defense relationship with Saudi Arabia, and Saudi Arabia is under attack from missiles that are finding their ways to Yemen from Iran,  said Kirby, rejecting any comparison between what was happening in Yemen and what was happening in Syria, as  a ludicrous exercise. Continue this story at RTREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesHelp support us by Subscribing and becoming a Member @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22459,COVER-UP? New Details from Orlando Shooter’s Crisis Call Casts Light on FBI,"Shawn Helton  21st Century WireEarlier this week, the FBI released new details regarding an apparent crisis negotiation call made between Orlando Pulse nightclub shooter Omar Mateen and authorities.Will this new release reveal anything new about the Orlando shooting case, or will it continue a trend of unanswered questions regarding the incident? SCRIPT CHANGE OR TRUE MOTIVE?   The FBI has released more details regarding a crisis call said to have been placed by Omar Mateen (Photo illustration: 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Crisis Call Motive According to the Washington Free Beacon [unredacted] transcripts were released by Orlando police Friday after a Florida court hearing held in response to a lawsuit filed by several news organizations.  The new details supposedly reveal a motive in the Orlando Pulse nightclub shooting.Here s an excerpt from the alleged shooter Mateen s negotiation call featured in the Beacon: Yo, the air strike that killed Abu Wahid a few weeks ago  that s what triggered it, okay?  said Mateen, who earlier in the conversation identified himself as a follower the Islamic State terror group. They should have not bombed and killed Abu Wahid,  the former security guard declared.  Do your fucking homework and figure out who Abu Wahid is, okay? The shooting suspect allegedly discussed concern over US airstrikes in Syria, supposedly stating the following: They need to stop the U.S. air strikes. You have to tell the U.S. government to stop bombing. They are killing too many children, they are killing too many women, okay? Given Mateen s profile as stated by media and officials since June, the idea that he would be concerned with the lives of innocent civilians is patently absurd   making this latest, rather timely release, extremely suspect.Mateen s alleged crime confession via a crisis negotiation call, also smacks of another rewrite in the Pulse shooting saga, an event that displayed elements of foreknowledge and planning beyond that of a lonewolf. In addition, it was an incident littered with a number of anomalies and numerous intelligence connections. Although one cannot absolutely prove the scripted nature of this latest FBI release regarding the Pulse shooting, several quotes in the conversation stand out, falling in line with an all to familiar Western policy perspective regarding Syria and Iraq.Interestingly, after a number of strange motives were initially attached to the Orlando shooting, we re conveniently told it was  triggered  by an airstrike apparently killing Abu Wahib in May of this year. Wahib was an al-Qaeda/ISIS leader well-known to authorities and according to the controversial intelligence linked media blog Long War Journal. He had been detained by US officials in 2006 and sentenced to death in 2012, only to mysteriously escape from Tikrit Central Prison after a large jailbreak: Abu Wahib, whose full name is Shakir Wahib al Fahdawi al Dulaimi, has been waging jihad in Iraq for more than a decade. He was detained by US forces in Ramadi in 2006 during the height of al Qaeda in Iraq s insurgency.The LWJ article continued by stating the following: Wahib was sentenced to death and transferred to Tikrit Central Prison. In November 2012, he escaped along with 110 inmates after the Islamic State of Iraq assaulted the prison. That jailbreak and others like it infused the Islamic State of Iraq with leaders and fighters who were captured during US and Iraqi military operations. Given Wahib s lengthy criminal background and unexplained escape from prison, is it possible he may have been a Western intelligence asset released back into the public?The theory may not be as far-fetched as it seems when considering there is a historical precedence for such activity In the aftermath of 9/11 up until 2006, the CIA operated a facility that was used to train terrorists to be double agents to supposedly infiltrate Al Qaeda terror cells. This program was called called Penny Lane.Penny Lane was named after the Beatles tune and was connected to another secret facility called Strawberry Fields, a name also taken from the British rock group.We were told that operation had been successful in its scope   but by 2013, the CIA had  lost touch  with many of its newly trained double agents.The Penny Lane facility was unlike any other building in the Guantanamo Bay prison area, as it was said to have beds, kitchens and a patio for its prisoners. The money to pay informants and double agents was also provided for by the CIA under the codename  Pledge. But how does this relate to the Orlando club shooting?Drills & Informants Shortly after the Pulse shooting attack it was revealed that Mateen had been attending services at a Mosque, meeting with a known FBI informant named Marcus Dwayne Robertson (see left   also played role in 1993 WTC bombing), a former US Marine turned bank robber turned radical imam. Here s this passage from Fox News describing Robertson s role: It is no coincidence that this happened in Orlando,  said a law enforcement source familiar with Robertson s history of recruiting terrorists and inciting violence. Mateen was enrolled in [Robertson s online] Fundamental Islamic Knowledge Seminary.Robertson and several associates were rounded up for questioning early Sunday, according to law enforcement sources, a development his attorney refused to confirm or deny.   DISNEY MONEY BOMB?    Heavily orchestrated fundraising campaigns follow almost every dramatized mass shooting in America.  (Image Source: fox13news)Fast-tracked Fundraisers Interestingly, on September 27th, the Orlando Weekly revealed that  Each of the families of the 49 victims killed in the massacre at the gay nightclub Pulse will get $350,000 from the OneOrlando Fund this week, though privately, they still have to iron out who will get what funds. The Weekly also disclosed the total charitable amount received: The OneOrlando Fund received $29.5 million from various sources, which will now be divided between families and survivors of the mass shooting. The funds will be distributed through the end of this week, Martins says. Additionally, the article continues, stating that even uninjured patrons the night of the shooting will receive quite a large sum from the fund: The families of the deceased victims received a larger share of the funds, totaling about $17.2 million. The 37 survivors who were hospitalized after the shooting will receive anywhere from $65,000 to $300,000 depending on how many nights they spent at the hospital, while 31 people who required outpatient treatment for their injuries will get $35,000 each. An additional 182 patrons of Pulse who were there when the shooting began but not injured will received $25,000 each. The amount granted to Orlando victims is strangely, nearly the same amount given to all of the Charleston church families affected by the suspicious shooting involving Dylann Roof. It turned out, that the Department of Justice fast-tracked $29 million dollars from the Crime Victim Assistance Formula Grant program, shortly after the tragedy.According to OneOrlando s own website,  The OneOrlando Board, chaired by Orlando Magic President Alex Martins, was developed to provide oversight and guidance to ensure that funds are dispersed in a timely, accountable and transparent manner. Other members of the board include the following as stated on OneOrlando s website:Rena Langley, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs & Worldwide Government and Industry Relations, Walt Disney World Diane O Dell, Vice President of Community Relations, Universal Orlando Resort Stephanie Ghertner, Director, Darden Foundation & Community Affairs Mark Meyer, Industry Manager, JPMorgan ChaseOn another note, a woman claiming to have been injured at Pulse the night of the shooting, was denied funds, leading her to sue OneOrlando. Here s the Orlando Sentinel on the matter: Jillian Amador, who filed the suit asking for an audit, was at Pulse with friends on June 12. She initially filed the complaint on Friday in Orange County Circuit Court, but a judge tossed it because the respondents were not served. She refiled the petition Tuesday, seeking an emergency order to stop the payout, but Circuit Judge John E. Jordan again denied the request.  VICTIM OR ACTOR?   The purported Pulse nightclub victim shown above was carried to the corner where he was seen walking off without assistance while still on camera. (Image Source: www.wftv.com)Revisiting The Orlando ShootingBack in June, here at 21WIRE, we discussed how the most important aspect of the FBI supplied 911 transcript had gone virtually unnoticed   as there was nothing in the contents of the transcript that discussed an actual shooting occurring inside of the Pulse nightclub.While the report was a basic outline of  America s largest mass shooting it failed to account for any of the shootings said to have occurred within the interior of Pulse. There was no mention of bar patrons being shot or reportedly shot at in the FBI s official narrative. It s as if the mainstream media and authorities left out the biggest piece of the investigation, as the implications of who shot who and when are extremely significant forensically speaking.While the description of the Orlando shooting included mention of the Orlando Police Department (OPD) pulling an air conditioning unit out of a Pulse  dressing room  to evacuate victims, a multi-call crisis negotiation, the alleged shooter s outrageous claims of a  bomb-laced vest  and authorities breaching the back wall of the nightclub with an explosive charge   there was no mention of additional shots fired at club goers inside Pulse? CRIME SCENE PROTOCOL?   Multiple officials seen coming in and out of Pulse nightclub with and without CSI attire. (Image Source: boingboing)In recent years, media press conference rituals backed by law enforcement officials have shaped a narrative within the first hours of a mass casualty event and even if that story turns out to be mostly false, the media runs with it anyway, whether or not new information and crime scene analysis belies the original story pushed by media. The most clear example of this happened during the aftermath of the WTC 1993 bombing, where major media outlets exposed it as an FBI run sting with their operators in control   yet still, media anchors still called it an al-Qaeda led attack.Aspects of the orchestrated bombing in 1993 played out in another high profile case dubbed the Newburgh Sting In May of 2009, the investigative tactics of the FBI came into question, none perhaps more suspect than the  Newburgh sting  an incident that involved the entrapment of four men in a fabricated terror event created by the bureau.Here s another look at a 2011 passage from The Guardian describing how an FBI informant named Shahed Hussain coerced four others to be involved in a fake terror plot: The  Newburgh Four  now languish in jail. Hussain does not. For Hussain was a fake. In fact, Hussain worked for the FBI as an informant trawling mosques in hope of picking up radicals.Yet far from being active militants, the four men he attracted were impoverished individuals struggling with Newburgh s grim epidemic of crack, drug crime and poverty. One had mental issues so severe his apartment contained bottles of his own urine. He also believed Florida was a foreign country.Hussain offered the men huge financial inducements to carry out the plot   including $250,000 to one man   and free holidays and expensive cars.As defence lawyers poured through the evidence, the Newburgh Four came to represent the most extreme form of a controversial FBI policy to use invented terrorist plots to lure targets.  There has been no case as egregious as this. It is unique in the incentive the government provided. A quarter million dollars?  said Professor Karen Greenberg, a terrorism expert at Fordham University. So when you consider what happened in Orlando, one should question the lack of shooting details, in addition to conflicting eyewitness testimony- why have portions of this story still been left open for interpretation when every other part of the official timeline of events appears to be accounted for?Here s a portion reviewing the  FBI s summary of events that excludes any mention of shots fired within Pulse: Based on OPD radio communications, there were no reports of shots being fired inside Pulse between the initial exchange of gunfire between responding officers and shooter, and the time of the final breach. During this time, the shooter communicated with an OPD 911 operator and an OPD crisis negotiator, and OPD radio communications reported that victims were being rescued. Here s a more basic chronology of the Orlando shooting, as told by the FBI: 2:02 a.m.: OPD call transmitted multiple shots fired at Pulse nightclub.2:04 a.m.: Additional OPD officers arrived on scene.2:08 a.m.: Officers from various law enforcement agencies made entrance to Pulse and engaged the shooter.2:18 a.m.: OPD SWAT (Special Weapons and Tactics) initiated a full call-out.2:35 a.m.: Shooter contacted a 911 operator from inside Pulse.3:03 a.m.: Second crisis negotiation call occurred lasting approximately 16 minutes.3:24 a.m.: Third crisis negotiation call occurred lasting approximately three minutes.4:21 a.m.: OPD pulled an air conditioning unit out of a Pulse dressing room window for victims to evacuate.4:29 a.m.: As victims were being rescued, they told OPD the shooter said he was going to put four vests with bombs on victims within 15 minutes.5:02 a.m.: OPD SWAT and OCSO Hazardous Device Team began to breach wall with explosive charge and armored vehicle to make entry.5:14 a.m.: OPD radio communication stated that shots were fired.5:15 a.m.: OPD radio communication stated that OPD engaged the suspect and the suspect was reported down. The Orlando shooting details state multiple shots [were] fired at Pulse nightclub at 2:02 am, as Additional OPD officers arrived on scene,  at 2:04 am, with law enforcement engaging the shooter at 2:08 am   again, there is no other mention of shots fired until police exchange fire with the alleged suspect after breaching the wall at 5:15 am.Matten s weapons of choice during the apparent attack were a Sig Sauer MCX .223 caliber rifle and a Glock 17 9mm semi-auto pistol    and according to the official story, and he was far more accurate than most well-trained law enforcement agents, defying statistical averages as examined by the Rand Corporation below.Question: Would it have really been possible for the alleged gunman Omar Mateen to have accurately shot over 100 people, take hostages and then engage in a fire fight with officers in just a 6 minute time frame?This scenario is hardly likely, if not impossible.Here s another look at an extensive study conducted by Rand Corporation that involved the NYPD: According to a 2008 Rand Corporation study evaluating the New York Police Department s firearm training, between 1998 and 2006, the average hit rate during gunfights was just 18 percent. When suspects did not return fire, police officers hit their targets 30 percent of the time.Many other such studies and risk assessments exist throughout law enforcement organizations nationwide, and most come to very similar conclusions as the RAND study. The odds are almost zero that the Pulse event was so drastically different   unless there was an intentional, or staged element at play here.Did the Police Kill Most of the Club Goers?Another aspect of the Orlando shooting attack was the possibility that many patrons could have been injured by authorities, something that also seemed to be absent from the official story. Here s a passage from WFAA8, an ABC affiliate discussing that point: Orlando Police Chief John Mina and other law enforcement officers offered new details about the shooting, including the possibility that some victims may have been killed by officers trying to save them. I will say this, that s all part of the investigation,  Mina said.  But I will say when our SWAT officers, about eight or nine officers, opened fire, the backdrop was a concrete wall, and they were being fired upon. Police also used an explosive charge and a Bearcat armored vehicle to breach the wall as civilians were allegedly holed up in a bathroom. This has led some critics to consider the possibility that non-combatants could have become collateral damage during the SWAT siege at Pulse.Below is YouTube clip from TRUNEWS displaying FOX News analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano discussing how no one had died in the Pulse club prior to the SWAT building breach READ MORE ORLANDO SHOOTING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Orlando FilesREAD MORE  WAR ON TERROR  NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire W.O.T FilesHelp support us by becoming a 21WIRE Member at: 21WIRE.TV",0
22460,Liberty Report talks to Vanessa Beeley: ‘Everything the US media says about Aleppo is wrong’,"21st Century Wire says Why are western media lying and producing a fictional narrative regarding the situation unfolding in Aleppo, Syria?Ron Paul Liberty Report co-host Daniel McAdams talks with 21WIRE special contributor Vanessa Beeley about what is really happening in Aleppo right now. Beeley also reveals new information about the western covert creation, a pseudo  NGO  called the White Helmets in Syria.What s really going on in Aleppo? Are Assad and Putin exterminating the population for sport? Is it a war against US-backed  moderates ? That is what the mainstream media would have us believe. Watch: SUPPORT 21WIRE and its work by Subscribing and becoming a Member @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22461,Ron Paul: Syria Has Been in Chaos Ever Since Obama said ‘Assad Must Go’,"21st Century Wire says Ron Paul told RT that the US shouldn t engage in  death struggle  over who controls Aleppo.It s worth noting here that Ron Paul was correct back in Aug. 2013, when the US and Britain were insisting the Syrian government used chemical weapons against its own people in the Damascus suburb of East Ghouta. At the time Paul called it a  False Flag  designed to suck US into arming Jihadist rebels in Syria. Where Washington was demanding military strikes against Syria, cooler and more intelligence heads determined that the event was in fact staged, most likely by western and Gulf-backed  rebels. Regarding the collapse of the ceasefire around Aleppo, the former US Congressman and Presidential candidate said that Washington  should not be there [Syria]  at all, despite this being an  unpopular  opinion in political circles, because the intervention contributes to jihadists expanding even further. So, I think we are doing the wrong thing, Paul told RT.  I don t think it s good for our national defense. I think it makes us more vulnerable, because it does create more enemies. It s unpopular to suggest that maybe our presence over there contributes significantly to those who become radical jihadists and would like to do us harm. Watch Paul s interview here:  It s not a proper function   we don t have the moral authority. We haven t followed our own laws that said that we should not be involved in war and [the] overthrow of governments without a declaration of war,  he said.Source: RT NewsREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE and its work by Subscribing and becoming a Member @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22462,‘Feel Good Hoax’: How US Propaganda Works in the Syrian War,"21st Century Wire says One thing is certain about the War on Syria: the propaganda war being waged by the west and all of its agencies, from government to corporate media, to charities and third sector NGOs   is much larger and more pernicious than anything seen in modern history. The effort is extremely well-financed (to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars at least), and well-coordinated   too well in fact for many journalists to follow, many of whom have been seduced by multimillion dollar documentary productions of Netflix and endlessly cycled staged video clips and still images on networks like CNN and the BBC, and in newspapers like the New York Times, the Washington Post, The Times and The Guardian too. Why so much effort, and why the desperation by the west? What s at stake? The credibility of the Obama government, the Erdogan government, the Cameron/May governments, the Hollande government, NATO, the UN, western relations with Saudi Arabia, as well as a gas pipeline for Qatar into Europe, hundreds of billions in defense and  reconstruction  contracts, Soros s billions invested in various  projects , the Golan Heights, Eurasian dominance and checkmate of Russia, and the supremacy of  Smart Power  as a geopolitical weapon of choice for the Atlanticist bloc leaning forward into the 21st century   to mention only a few items.For the nation of Syria, the stakes are even higher  the survival of their country.So as we can see, there is a lot at stake for west and their business partners, and it should go without saying that they will do almost anything to take the many spoils of this latest war Rick Sterling Consortium NewsManipulation of public perception has risen to a new level with the emergence of powerful social media. Multibillion-dollar corporate giants, such as Facebook, Twitter and Google, influence public perceptions, often via payments for  boosting  Facebook posts, paid promotion of Tweets, and biased results from search engines.Marketing and advertising companies use social media to promote their clients, but so do U.S. foreign policy managers who hire or enlist these companies to influence public perceptions to support U.S. foreign policy goals.The results of similar media manipulation can be seen in the widespread misunderstanding of the conflict in Syria, amid the demonization of the Syrian government and leadership and the skillful use of social media by anti-government activists. Influenced by both mainstream and this alternative media, most people in the West do not know that Bashar al-Assad remains popular with many Syrians. Nor do they realize that Assad won an election two years ago. For example, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton described making sure that Twitter was primed for street protests in Iran following the 2009 election, ready to spread and manage news of protests following the election and the killing of a young woman, which was blamed on the Iranian government although the circumstances of her death were murky. [Hard Choices hardback, p 423]There were three contestants in the Syrian presidential election of June 2014. Turnout was 73 percent of the registered voters, with 88 percent voting for Assad. In Beirut, the streets were clogged with tens of thousands of Syrian refugees marching through the city to vote at the Syrian Embassy. Hundreds of Syrian citizens living in the U.S. and other Western countries flew to Syria to vote because Syrian Embassies in Washington and other Western capitals were shut down.While Secretary of State John Kerry was condemning the Syrian election as a  farce  before it had even happened, a marketing company known as The Syria Campaign waged a campaign to block knowledge of the Syrian election. Along with demonizing President Assad, the company launched a campaign which led to Facebook censoring information about the Syrian election.  CHEMICAL ATTACK! : A heart-rending propaganda image designed to justify a  no-fly zone,  a major U.S. military operation inside Syria against the Syrian military.Incubating PropagandaThe Syria Campaign was created by a larger company named  Purpose,  which   according to its website    incubated . The Syria Campaign. The company s website says,  Purpose creates new movements, brands and organizations from the ground up to address complex global challenges. We apply this experience as movement creators to our work with progressive companies, nonprofits and philanthropies, helping them to put purpose and participation at the heart of what they do. The  White Helmets  are marketed in the West as civilian volunteers doing rescue work. On Sept. 22, it was announced that the Right Livelihood Award , the so-called  Alternative Nobel Prize,  is being given to the U.S./U.K.-created White Helmets  for their outstanding bravery, compassion and humanitarian engagement in rescuing civilians from the destruction of the Syrian civil war. The major achievement of The Syria Campaign has been the branding and promotion of the  White Helmets,  also known as  Syria Civil Defense,  which began with a British military contractor, James LeMesurier, giving some rescue training to Syrians in Turkey with funding provided by the U.S. and U.K. The group stole this name from the REAL Syria Civil Defense as documented in this recent report from Aleppo.SEE ALSO: WHO ARE SYRIA S WHITE HELMETSBut the White Helmets are largely a propaganda tool promoting Western intervention against Syria. Unlike a legitimate rescue organization such as the Red Cross or Red Crescent, the  White Helmets  only work in areas controlled by the armed opposition. As shown in this video, the White Helmets pick up the bodies of individuals executed by the terrorists; they claim to be unarmed but are not; and they falsely claim to be neutral.Many of the videos from Al Qaeda/terrorist-dominated areas of Syria have the  White Helmets  logo because the White Helmets work in alliance with these extremist groups as primarily a media marketing tool to raise public support for continuing the support to the armed opposition as well as the demonization of the Syrian government. The Rights Livelihood press release said the White Helmets  remain outspoken in calling for an end to hostilities in the country.  But that is false, too. The White Helmets actively call for U.S./NATO military intervention through a  No Fly Zone,  which would begin with attacks upon and destruction of government anti-aircraft positions and aircraft.A Major Act of WarTaking over the skies above another country is an act of war that would require a major U.S. military operation, according to senior American generals.General Martin E. DempseyThe New York Times reported that in 2012 General Martin E. Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the White House that imposing a no-fly zone in Syria would require up to 70,000 American servicemen to destroy Syria s antiaircraft system and then impose round-the-clock control over Syrian airspace.General Carter Ham, former commander of the U.S. Africa Command who oversaw the aerial attacks on Libya in 2011, said on CBS News that  I worry sometimes that, when people say  impose a no-fly zone,  there is this almost antiseptic view that this is an easily accomplished military task. It s extraordinarily difficult.  It first entails   we should make no bones about it. It first entails killing a lot of people and destroying the Syrian air defenses and those people who are manning those systems. And then it entails destroying the Syrian air force, preferably on the ground, in the air if necessary. This is a violent combat action that results in lots of casualties and increased risk to our own personnel. In other words, an appeal for a  no-fly zone  is not a call for a non-violent solution. It is seeking a bloody act of war by the United States against Syria, a nation that poses no threat to America. It also would almost surely be carried out in violation of international law since a United Nations Security Council resolution would face vetoes from Russia and probably China.Also, the White Helmets have never criticized or called for the end of funding to extremist organizations including Nusra Front, Al Qaeda s Syrian affiliate. On the contrary, White Helmets are generally embedded with this organization which is defined as  terrorist  by even the U.S., which is likely why the head of the White Helmets, Raed Saleh, was denied entry to the U.S.The foreign and marketing company origins of the White Helmets were exposed over 1  years ago   and since then, writer Vanessa Beeley has revealed the organization in more depth in articles such as  Who Are the White Helmets?  and  War by Way of Deception. Despite these expos s, understanding of the White Helmets is limited, with many liberal and progressive people uncritically accepting the propaganda and misinformation about Syria. Much of the progressive media has effectively blocked or censored critical examinations amid a flood of propaganda about  barrel bombs  dropped by the  brutal dictator  and his  regime. In the last week, Netflix started showing a 40-minute documentary movie about the  White Helmets  that amounts to a promotional video. A substantial portion of it takes place in Turkey where we see trainees in hotel rooms making impassioned phone calls to inquire about their families in Syria. The  family values  theme is evident throughout, a good marketing angle. The political message of the video is also clear: after a bombing attack,  It s the Russians  . they say they are fighting ISIS but they are targeting civilians. The movie includes video previously promoted by the White Helmets such as the  Miracle Baby  rescue, an incident that may or may not have been staged. The video includes self-promoting proclamations such as  You are real heroes.  While no doubt there are some real rescues in the midst of war, many of the videos purporting to show the heroes at work have an unrealistic and contrived look to them as revealed here.Tricking Progressives Alternative media  in the West has echoed mainstream media regarding the Syria conflict. The result is that many progressive individuals and groups are confused or worse. For example, the activist group CodePink recently issued a media release promoting the Netflix White Helmets propaganda video.The White Helmets video is produced by Grain Media and Violet Films/Ultra-Violet Consulting, which advertises itself as a marketing corporation specializing in social media management, grant writing, crowd building and campaign implementation. The only question is who paid them to produce this video There is growing resistance to this manipulation and deception. In response to a petition to give the Nobel Peace Prize to the White Helmets, there is a counter petition at Change.org. Following the Right Livelihood Awards  announcement, there will soon be a petition demanding retraction of the award to the White Helmets.The story of the White Helmets is principally a  feel good  hoax to manipulate public perception about the conflict in Syria and continue the drive for  regime change.  That s why big money was paid to  Purpose  to  incubate  The Syria Campaign to brand and promote the White Helmets using Facebook, Twitter, etc. That s why more big money was paid to create a self-promotional documentary. The judges at Rights Livelihood were probably influenced by the documentary since critical examination of facts around Syria is so rare. It s a sad commentary on the media. As veteran war correspondent Stephen Kinzer recently wrote,  Coverage of the Syrian war will be remembered as one of the most shameful episodes in the history of the American press. Rick Sterling is an investigative journalist and member of Syria Solidarity MovementREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE and its work by Subscribing and becoming a Member @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22463,"Boiler Room EP #76 – Resign, Surrender, Confess!","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR host Hesher along with Daniel Spaulding from Soul of the East,  Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot and Stewart Howe of 21Wire for the 76th episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in some Boiler Room with the crew. This week we re boiling up some media maniac conversation with topics like the new  low tech  facial recognition police squad coming soon to an insanely militarized police force near you, NPRs pathetic attempt to paint independent journalists like Vanessa Beeley as  conspiracy theorists  for pointing out simple truths from the ground in West Aleppo, Syria, Daniel Spaulding pleads with Glen Beck not to drown himself in a bucket of blood, Andy Nowicki analyzes the darkest hidden factors of Angelina Jolie s persona and Stewart Howe goes through readily available  litmus tests  to run on new acquaintances.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Reference Links:",0
22464,What’s Really Behind the Senate’s Override of Obama Veto of Saudi 9/11 Lawsuit Bill?," 21st Century Wire says While the US media follows the red herring of this legislative drama which is Saudi Arabia, the real point of this bill   and why President Obama is so vehemently opposing it   is going completely unnoticed. If any case was brought to court by 9/11 families to sue Saudi Arabia for  state-sponsored terror  regarding the attacks in New York City on September 11, 2001, the court would find there is no real forensic case proving Saudi involvement in this event. Other problems will crop up too. For starters, at least 7 of alleged hijackers were actually found to be alive after their faces were plastered on US TV screens after 9/11. As it stands, the US government s official story of 9/11 is so flimsy and full of holes, including the complete omission or mention of the collapse of WTC Building 7 (which was hit by nothing, and yet collapsed into its own footprint in 7 seconds) and the lack of any plane wreckage at the Pentagon (we re meant to believe that the passenger airliner evaporated into thin air on impact, and no real CCTV footage has been provided to back the government s own wild explanation). In actuality, the US government would love a dead-end lawsuit against Saudi Arabia which could only result in some out-of-court settlement anyway   because this would supply a nice diversion away from any further scrutiny of the US government s bogus explanation of what really happened that day.More to the point, however, is the real potential story here. If passed, this bill would allow a number people, particularly those in Syria, to sue the US, British, French, Dutch, Norwegian, Polish, Turkish and Saudi Arabia and Qatar too, all of who are actively involved in supplying money, equipment, arms and military training to a number of known Salafist Terrorists fighting groups in Syria.KEY POINT: Why is Obama protecting Saudi Arabia? One of Obama s top financial partners in the dirty war on Syria is Saudi Arabia, who has also paid for  off-the-books  CIA operations there. Unlike Saudi and 9/11, by definition, this is state-sponsored terrorism.The House is expected to hold a vote later this week. It could be the first override of a Presidential veto during the Obama administration . Karoun Demirjian Washington PostThe Senate on Wednesday voted to override President Obama s veto of legislation that would allow 9/11 victims  families to sue the Saudi Arabian government over its alleged support for the terrorists who carried out the attacks. The vote was 97 to 1.The House is expected to vote later in the day and if successful, it will be the first time Congress has overridden a veto during the Obama administration. Overriding a presidential veto is something we don t take lightly, but it was important in this case that the families of the victims of 9/11 be allowed to pursue justice, even if that pursuit causes some diplomatic discomforts,  Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), who co-authored the bill with Sen. John Cornyn (R-Tex.), said in a statement.Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) cast the lone vote to sustain the veto after receiving a letter from Obama arguing the consequences could be  devastating,  and urging him  to vote to sustain the veto.  Reid voted against the override despite telling reporters earlier this month that  I support that legislation  and Schumer s efforts. He s always had the president s back,  said Reid spokesman Adam Jentleson.Both chambers passed the legislation without dissent earlier this year, but now several lawmakers are echoing the White House s argument that the legislation could set a dangerous precedent, inviting other nations to respond by suing American diplomats, military personnel and other officials in foreign courts.Critics of the bill are now focusing on how to scale back the measure once it becomes law. Approximately 20 senators have signed onto a letter expressing their intention to return to the issue during the lame duck if there are negative consequences once the 9/11 bill becomes law Continue this article at the Washington PostREAD MORE 911 NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 9/11 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE and its work by Subscribing and becoming a Member @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22465,Hillary Clinton’s ‘Presidency’ has Already Begun as Lame Ducks Promote Her War on Syria,"21st Century Wire says One glaring conclusion from last night s US Presidential debate is that there is virtually no difference between either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton s view on what the US should do in Syria. Both are advocating for more war   for more airstrikes in Syria, and for  building safe zones  which are actually  No Fly Zones  (where only US Coalition aircraft are allow to fly).There is one vast difference however, between these two candidates. During her tenure as Obama s Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton was both the architect of the US-led destruction of the Libyan State, and also of Washington s secret war against Syria, officially from 2011. Clinton led the notorious  Friends of Syria  lobbying tour through Europe, the Middle East and North Africa, which was used to promote the US policy of  regime change  for Syria by bringing together Gulf Arab Monarchies (Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Bahrain, UEA and others) and other US client states to create a policy of economic, military and social subterfuge which, with the help of the CIA and others, has since destroyed large parts of Syria now occupied by Terrorist fanatical groups   who are backed by the same  Friends of Syria  member nations managed by Clinton. From start, these two wars were managed by what is allegedly a liberal  or left-wing Democrat Party. They are anything but.What this really means, is that the next  President Clinton  is already priming Americans for a escalation of warfare in Syria come this January. Here s why  In 2011-2012, Secretary of State Clinton was busy drumming up support for an attack on Syria, and supporting armed  rebel  terrorists in Syria (Image: IB Times)Diana Johnstone Consortium NewsIf the British Empire was built on the playing fields of Eton, United States world hegemony gets its training in Hollywood studios and advertising agencies. Selling your product, or yourself, by looking sincere is a cultivated American art. Current top U.S. leaders are expert practitioners.In the space of a few days, Samantha Power, John Kerry, and Barack Obama all turned in war-winning performances.Three Deadly U.S. Blows to Hopes of Peace In SyriaLast August 8, on that serious think tank the Charlie Rose show, former acting CIA director Michael Morell said that U.S. policy in Syria should be to make Iran and Russia  pay a price . Russians and Iranians should be killed  covertly, so you don t tell the world about it , he said. Morell proposed that U.S. forces begin bombing Syrian government installations, in order to  scare Assad . Probably angling for a good job next year, he is on record supporting Hillary Clinton as a  highly qualified commander in chief  and a  strong proponent of a more aggressive approach  in Syria.Act I   An Act of WarThen, on Saturday, September 17, the U.S. Air Force did exactly what that CIA insider had called for. In sustained air strikes, four U.S. jets bombed a key Syrian Army position that had been defending the town of Deir ez-Zor from ISIS/Daech fighters. More than sixty Syrian soldiers were killed and over a hundred wounded. Daech forces immediately took advantage of the strikes to overrun the government position. In effect, the U.S. Air Force acted as air cover for the Islamic fanatics U.S. to advance against the legitimate army of Syria.This was not only a violation of the cease-fire painstakingly worked out by Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry. It was an open military aggression by the United States on the territory of a sovereign state.The Russians immediately called an emergency session of the United Nations Security Council to respond to this deadly violation of the truce supposedly intended to facilitate peace negotiations and humanitarian aid. When Russian ambassador Vitaly Churkin took the floor to speak, his American counterpart, Samantha Power, draped in her long red mane, walked out to give a press conference that clearly illustrated the difference between Russian and U.S. diplomacy.Churkin, like Lavrov a few days later, cited facts and analysed the situation rationally. Samantha Power put on a show of evasion and insults.Why all the fuss? was her opening theme. After all, we halted the attack when we were informed that  it was possible we might be hitting Syrian regime personnel and vehicles , she stated, adding that  if  we did so,  that was not our intention . That should settle the question; who could believe that the United States might deliberately attack the regime their politicians have been saying  must go ? The best defense is offensive, and Power can be most offensive: Even by Russia s standards, tonight s stunt   replete with moralism and grandstanding is uniquely cynical and hypocritical , she declared.Samantha Power, that conniving arriviste whose carefully constructed career has been built on moralism, grandstanding, cynicism and hypocrisy, had all the nerve in the world to turn these epithets against the prime target of her own habitual moralism, grandstanding, cynicism and hypocrisy.If the air strikes hadn t been enough to destroy Russian confidence in dealing with the United States, Samantha Power s contemptuous reaction was sure to do the trick.Act II   Change the SubjectNext ploy: change the subject. Our little accidental bombing is nothing, Power implied, compared to the alleged fact that  since 2011 the Assad regime has intentionally been striking civilian targets with horrifying, predictable regularity . Here is the core of the Samantha Power fraud, containing two elements:1/ While good-hearted bumbling America occasionally kills a few people by accident, the others do it all the time and above allintentionally.2/ Killing civilians is what war is all about. War is not about battles between armed forces for control of territory. It is not about geopolitical power struggles. It is about  civilian victims .At the close of her stunt, grandstanding and scoring cheap points, Samantha Power exhorted Russia  to stop the cheap point scoring and the grandstanding and the stunts and focus on what matters, which is implementation of something we negotiated in good faith with them.  Good faith? They are supposed to believe we negotiated  in good faith  an agreement which we just flagrantly destroyed?Lo and behold, only two days after the U.S. bombing of Deie ez-Zor, the subject was definitively changed when an international humanitarian aid convoy was attacked on its way to Aleppo. Twenty aid workers were killed and the aid mission was halted. Without waiting for any evidence, the unanimous cry went up from Washington that  the Russians did it! In the U.N. Security Council this time, John Kerry took the stage. Again, the critical point was the contrast between what we certainly did and what they allegedly did. Yes, we committed  a terrible accident . But what they (allegedly) did was worse. I got to tell you, people running around with guns on the ground, from the air, is a very different thing from trucks in a convoy with big UN markings all over them,  Kerry declared. He was implying that the difference was between an understandable accident, whose victims were  running around with guns , and an attack on civilians. Yes, but in war, attacking soldiers is the whole point. It can make a difference in the outcome. Hitting an aid convoy is  collateral damage , as the U.S. calls it when the bombs are American.  By bombing Deir ez-Zor, the United States was taking part in a war in which Syria is fighting for its life.It cannot be ruled out that Syrian forces attacked the aid convoy because the truce was already broken at Deir ez-Zor and they believed it concealed weapons being transported to Daech. Such things happen. Or the attack could have been carried out by rebels as an act of propaganda, a  false flag , designed precisely to be used to accuse the adversary. Such things also happen.It has already been established by careful research that the notorious Al Ghouta chemical weapons attack, attributed to Assad, was almost certainly carried out by rebels precisely in order to incite the United States to cross the  red line  set by President Obama and bomb Damascus. The War Party which by now controls the Pentagon, much of the State Department, most of Congress, as well as leading media and think tanks, has been castigating Obama ever since for not having seized that opportunity to wage a full-scale  regime change  war against Syria. The critics have never forgiven Obama for accepting the Russian proposal to use the occasion to rid Syria of its chemical arsenal, instead of overthrowing the Syrian government.But in recent weeks, as the Hillary Clinton campaign grows more frantic, Obama himself has joined the War Party. IMAGE:  Dusty Boy  Omran.Act III   Wallow in SentimentalityOn September 20, President Obama used a Leaders Summit on Refugees to portray the Syrian episode in what increasing appears to be World War III as a sentimental children s story. Obama read the letter from 6-year-old Alex, who lives in Scarsdale, New York, expressing his wish to adopt Omran Daqneesh, the bewildered 5-year-old boy with a mop of dusty hair whose photo sitting in an orange ambulance seat was iconized across the world. The letter, provided to mass media by the White House, with its childish writing but nearly perfect spelling, was full of touching details about butterfly collections and shared toys. Obama read the letter, as people reached for Kleenexes all over the country, and then commented: Those are the words of a six-year-old boy   a young child you has not learned to be cynical, or suspicious, or fearful of other people because of where they come from, how they look, or how they pray. We should all be more like Alex. Imagine what the world would look like if we were. The little boys are very cute, very sweet. Fortunately, Omran Daneesh s parents are alive, so there is no need to adopt him. Many other children are dead, notably in Yemen, killed by Washington s ally Saudi Arabia with arms provided by the United States. Too late to adopt them. We should all be more like Alex , Obama tells his good people. Imagine indeed, if all Americans were as innocent and na ve as six-year-old children. And indeed, that seems to be the goal of government propaganda.This propagandistic heartstring tugging is aimed at distracting from U.S. involvement in a long-term joint criminal enterprise to overthrow a government that indeed did not discriminate against people because of  how they pray , and replace it by fanatics who are ready to behead people because of  how they pray .An infantilized public will believe that  geopolitics  and  national sovereignty  are just big words that don t mean anything. An infantilized public will believe that when the United States goes to war, it is all about protecting little children from their bad, mean dictators, whose only aspiration is to  bomb their own people . They will believe that the world out there is Little Red Riding Hood, threatened by the Big Bad Wolf, and that there really is a Santa Claus.It will never occur to an infantilized public that the war to destroy Syria has been planned for years   even though someone like General Wesley Clark revealed this years ago. Or that it is carried out to eliminate Israel s enemies, keep Arabs busy killing each other, and incidentally help Saudi Arabia spread its Wahhabite fanaticism. No, that will never occur to them.They won t even notice that the Obama administration has now effectively given up any effort to justify the Nobel Peace Prize so foolishly bestowed on the apprentice president, and is now engaged in a scenario designed to prepare for Hillary s next successful regime change war in Syria.And it won t occur to them that the photo of the little boy in the orange seat was quite deliberately iconized by Western media as part of the campaign promoting the Islamic rebel-connected  White Helmets  for the future Nobel Peace Prize.Another subtle step in demonizing the  Assad regime  before Hillary takes over to administer the planned coup de grace. The future chuckler-in-chief is looking forward to seeing another head fall. This is called  smart power .Diana Johnstone writes for Consortium News and is also the author of Fools  Crusade: Yugoslavia, NATO, and Western Delusions. Her new book is Queen of Chaos: the Misadventures of Hillary Clinton. She can be reached at diana.johnstone@wanadoo.fr",0
22466,BOILER ROOM – Presidential Debate Simulcast Special,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Stewart Howe and Randy J for a simulcast and commentary on the Presidential debate with Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Don t watch in despair, come join the BOILER ROOM gang while we eat pop corn to to the exercises in theater and futility known as the Presidential debate. Join us in the chat! The first embedded player is the debate itself. If you can t stomach the sound of the candidates or if once was enough with the debate audio, we understand and we ve broken out the Boiler Room analysis of the debate into a separate spreaker embed to reduce politically induced symptoms of nausea and vomiting.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! Part I   The U.S. Presidential Debate SimulcastPart II   Boiler Room Wrap Up Show ",0
22467,Syria: US Peace Council Addresses United Nations in NYC," Photo: Henry Lowendorf21st Century Wire says In case you ve missed it, the following is the video of a UN session featuring the US Peace Council who recently returned from a fact-finding mission to Syria, including an audience with President Bashar al Assad. What they discovered when they arrived surprised the American visitors as they realized the the entire depiction and narrative of Syria in the US and Europe   was completely contrived and patently false. Introduction by H.E. Bashar Ja afari, Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic. US Peace Council panel includes:Alfred Marder, President of the US Peace Council Mary Compton, Member of the Executive Board of the US Peace Council Henry Lowendorf, Member of the Executive Board of the US Peace Council Joe Jamison, Member of the Executive Board of the US Peace Council Madelyn Hoffman, Executive Director of New Jersey Peace Action Donna Nassor, Professor and Lawyer also part of US Peace CouncilWatch: ",0
22468,STRANGE: Hillary Goes Off the Rails in Labor Union Speech,"21st Century Wire says If you haven t seen Hillary Clinton s bizarre and shrill performance the other night, it should be required viewing for anyone following the current 2016 Presidential Election.Clearly, something was very wrong with the Democratic Party candidate during this segment, as she shouted flippantly, made some very strange statements   almost as if she was parodying herself in a Saturday Night Live skit By Anthony Brian LoganOn Wednesday, September 21st, 2016, Hillary Clinton gave a speech / address to the Laborers  International Union of North America in which she went completely off the rails. Her pitch was to support labor unions and be anti-right-to-work, something that Donald Trump has praised and supported. During the midst of her speech, something went left. Not with the environment of the place she was delivering the speech. Not with the camera equipment. But with Hillary herself. The BIOS mainframe seemed to have obtained a virus.When she begins to talk about why she isn t 50 points ahead of Trump, Hillary begins to shout and point with a scowl on her face. Maybe the numbers have her upset to the point where she can t contain it anymore? It s hard to tell. But whatever the case is, her behavior does not appear to be presidential.And that brings up the question she raised during her tirade.  Why aren t I 50 points ahead of Trump?  Well, the answer to the question is simple. The reason for that is because of her behavior, as exhibited in the aforementioned video to the labor union. Also, countless other videos. Such as the video of her collapsing to the point where one of her shoes flew off and landed under a vehicle during the 9/11 ceremony in New York City. The video of her having what appears to be Parkinson s related episode in a coffee shop where her head moves back and forth in an awkward, somewhat violent way. The constant coughing fits. The Parkinson s fit after the coronation speech at the 2016 DNC. Last but not least, the constant corruption. Emails, Benghazi, Clinton Cash, the list goes on and on.So maybe the answer to the question she raised and the question many people have about Hillary s behavior is much more easy to explain. A fear of losing and a general problem with Hillary herself, whether that be medical or just her personality in general. All Hillary, and Hillary supporters can do at this point is hope these problems don t reveal themselves during the debate on Monday September 26th or her chances at becoming the President will be over. Which, in reality, is good for America anyway  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtLznfIDEzI . READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22469,ACTIVE SHOOTER OR DRILL? The Cascade Mall Shooting,"21st Century Wire says There have been a string of active shooter events prior to 2016 s first presidential debate this coming week   with many incidents appearing suspicious in nature. The Guardian reports that the apparent motive still remains unclear: A 20-year-old suspect was in custody on Sunday for the killing of five people during a deadly shooting at a mall in Burlington, Washington, two days before. Arcan Cetin of Oak Harbor, Washington, a legal permanent resident who had immigrated to the US from Turkey, was discovered  zombie-like , police said, on Saturday evening after police responded to a tip-off following an intensive 24-hour manhunt. Cetin was unarmed at the time of his arrest, authorities said. Although a motive for the shooting remains unclear, authorities told local media that Cetin s ex-girlfriend had previously worked at the targeted department store but left her job months ago. The suspect had been charged three times with domestic assault against his stepfather and had been ordered by a judge not to possess a firearm, according to the Seattle Times. At a Saturday press conference, the FBI said terrorism was not a suspected motive. Memory Hole below Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn HeltonCASCADE MALL SHOOTING AN  ACTIVE SHOOTER DRILL ?Memory HoleVictim Corpses Remain in Mall OvernightWitnesses Sequestered from PressPhotograph depicts porta-potties, hugs and smiles at sceneAs we have sought to document at MHB on a routine basis,  active shooter drills  are now common occurrences across the US. Such  training  is a consequence of the heightened federalization of local and regional law enforcement.The September 23 Cascade Mall shooting north of Seattle in northwest Washington State took place shortly before 7:00PM local time, and has certain suspect features evident in photos, particularly evidence of tents and porta-potties on the scene, as observed by a MHB reader.There is an absence of footage of wounded or deceased victims in triage or being given ambulatory services away from the scene. Instead, news media were told victims remained in the mall awaiting the local coroner. The Washington Post reports, As of Saturday morning, the bodies of the four female victims were still inside the mall, Skagit County coroner Hayley Thompson said at a news conference Saturday. Thompson said when she gained access to the scene, the four female victims would be taken to Skagit Valley Hospital and undergo autopsies. Such events are reported on by major news media uncritically, thus supporting the call for strengthened gun control measures while ironically stimulating gun purchases by a public that fears such restrictions.The Cascade Mall shooting s police spokesperson for the event is Washington State Patrol s Mark Francis. A press release was issued over 18 hours after the event transpired.",0
22470,SHOUT! POLL: Do the ‘White Helmets’ Qualify for a Nobel Peace Prize?," 21st Century Wire asks Currently throughout the western media exists a major public relations push to raise the profile of supposed  NGO  in Syria known as the  White Helmets  in advance of the upcoming Nobel Peace Prize award on Oct 7th in Oslo, Norway. Recently, streaming giant Netflix released a documentary film to much fanfare, about this alleged  first responder  group in Syria called the White Helmets. They produce many of the emotional images seen on western media about the Syrian conflict, and also claim to have saved 60,000 lives from  Assad s bombs  since 2013. What many people are not aware of, however, is that this group has been financed by NATO member states to the tune of at $60 million so far, and they are embedded exclusively in terrorist-held areas of Syria. All things considered, do they qualified for a Nobel Prize?Have your SHOUT! this week. Vote, comment and engage  Useful reference links:WHO ARE SYRIA S WHITE HELMETS?The REAL Syria Civil Defence Expose Nato s  White Helmets  as Terrorist-Linked ImpostersWhite Helmets Staged  Russian Bombing  Scene Near Aleppo, Lapped-up by MediaGeorge Soros: Anti-Syria Campaign ImpresarioINTRODUCTION: Smart Power & The Human Rights Industrial ComplexHAVE YOUR SHOUT! AND VOTE ON THIS AND OTHER CURRENT EVENTS HERE",0
22471,"Episode #154 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘The Pro-War Left?’ with guests Jean Bricmont, Vanessa Beeley"," Episode #154 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this Sunday September 25, 2016 as host Patrick Henningsen broadcasts a 3 HOUR SPECIAL of LIVE power-packed talk radio on ACR LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:SUNDAYS   5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US)This week s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is on the road broadcasting LIVE from the Valley of the Sun. This week host Patrick Henningsen covers this week s top stories internationally. In the first hour we ll be joined by a very special guest, writer, academic Jean Bricmont, and author of Humanitarian Imperialism, to delve deep into the new political fault lines of the Anti-Anti-War Left that has emerged in recent years and as a reaction to the Syrian War and how cynical operatives in the West have used  Smart Power  to successfully mitigate mainstream opposition to US and NATO-led wars around the world. In the second hour, we ll connect with 21WIRE special contributor Vanessa Beeley who recently returned from Syria with a stunning exclusive   the story of the REAL Syria Civil Defense, and also updates on the recent attack on the UN Aid Convoy which has brought Russia and the US to the edge diplomacy, and dangerously close to a world war.SHOUT POLL: Should US/UK/EU-funded White Helmets receive a Nobel Peace Prize?LEARN MORE ABOUT THE WHITE HELMETS:  Who Are Syria s White Helmets?Strap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world  *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Direct Download the Most Recent Episode// <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt;Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives   ",0
22472,"ANOTHER KNOWN WOLF? NYC Bombing Suspect Probed by FBI, Leading to Bigger Questions"," Shawn Helton 21st Century WireThe New York bombing attack has a list of details that don t add up.When examining what transpired this past week in New York and New Jersey, we must consider a deeper social engineering agenda that may be at play   as part of a larger geopolitical drama continues unfold in Syria.While August ushered in a hyper-propagandized war image that went viral in the West, September delivered an alleged active-shooter  false alarm  played out at both JFK airport and LAX as well as the apparent bombings in New York City and New Jersey this past week.As bombs go off outside, Obama sails through the UNGA.You have to wonder, were the events in New York and New Jersey also a weapon of mass distraction, following a major international embarrassment for the United States both at home and abroad   the brutal airstrike campaign in Syria that killed over 70 Syrian troops? This unlikely bombing incident just happened to also coincide with the UN General Assembly in NYC, where President Obama was delivering among other speeches, his War on Terror  addresses to the international community. No surprise then, with the city suddenly on  high terror alert    that Obama quickly and confidently and comfortably used his center stage spotlight at the UN, shifting into  national security  mode   boasting how quickly his police forces solved the case. It was almost if he was ready for events that weekend.The alleged NYC bombing suspect was named as 28 year-old Ahmad Khan Rahami, who managed the family Chicken Kebab Shop. He has been charged with using  weapons of mass destruction  in addition to other criminal charges. Similar to what was described in the apparent Boston Marathon Bombing of 2013, Rahami is alleged to have created a homemade pressure cooker bomb which exploded in Chelsea, an affluent neighborhood of Manhattan. Oddly missing are scenes depicting the transport of 31 injured individuals after the explosion in New York.  BOMBER OR PATSY?    Ahmad Khan Rahami was known to both US officials and Pakistani officials (Image Source: BBC)NYC s  Known Wolf After the mainstream media and officials floated the idea that a  Wireless Emergency Alert  system helped to locate and find Rahami with an  electronic wanted poster,  it turns out the FBI already knew him.According to The Washington Post, the FBI had already known Rahami since 2014, making this latest  known wolf  attack a strongly suspicious event: The FBI s probe into Ahmad Khan Rahami, the 28-year-old named as the only suspect in the bombings, was launched based on comments his father had made. An official said his father later recanted his comments. Agents conducted interviews, checked with other agencies and looked at internal databases,  none of which revealed ties to terrorism,  the bureau said in a statement.But why then, was Rahami on the radar of Pakistani intelligence in recent years?During the San Bernardino caper last December, we were told that supposedly Pakistani-born Tashfeen Malik, had ties to The Red Mosque in Pakistan, a well-known Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) linked mosque: Sources have told Daily Mail Online that US officials handed over information to their Pakistani counterparts about links between Tashfeen Malik and the Red Mosque in Islamabad. The mosque is infamous for its links to violence and authorities in Pakistan are now considering taking action against its preacher, Maulana Abdul Aziz, after the disclosures by US officials. If Malik was inspired by ISIS, as claimed by authorities (via social media) then why did her background suggest a Pakistani/ISI/CIA/Al-Qaeda connection, if she was in fact radicalized  as US plot writers insist?The UK s Telegraph stated that the part of Pakistan where Malik was staying is  known as a recruiting ground for Al-Qaeda-linked Islamist groups, including Lashkar al-Taiba, responsible for a bloody attack in Mumbai, India s financial capital, in 2008. If true, this was a new twist in the media hyped San Bernardino shooting, displaying a startling link between the Al Qaeda/ISI affiliated Red Mosque and other Western-backed black ops in Pakistan.In May of 2011, The Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) outlined the ISI s material support for various militant groups, including the formation of Al-Qaeda   giving historical context to recent events: The ISI s first major involvement in Afghanistan came after the Soviet invasion in 1979, when itpartnered with the CIA to provide weapons, money, intelligence, and training to the mujahadeen fighting the Red Army. The CFR further stated,  Pakistan s government has repeatedly denied allegations of supporting terrorism, citing as evidence its cooperation in the U.S.-led battle against extremists. The CIA and ISI, have had a long, sometimes contentious relationship on the surface but the reality is that their collective footprint, is all over many tribal areas in Pakistan and places like Afghanistan   where extremism continues to grow to this day.Malik s affiliations suggested that she could have been involved with one of the intelligence agencies active in the exact location she resided in Pakistan   was this also the case with Rahami, given his link to a Pakistani seminary with ties to the Taliban?The UK s Guardian reported the following: The 28-year-old, who was born in Afghanistan but became a US citizen, spent time at the Kaan Kuwa Naqshbandi madrasa on his two visits to Pakistan, a security official working for the government of Balochistan province told the Guardian. Cointinuing, the article discussed how Pakistani officials have limited the information they have about Rahami: US officials have revealed basic details about Rahami s two visits to Pakistan, the first in 2011 when he spent a couple of months in Quetta and got married and almost a year in 2013 when he also made a car journey to Afghanistan.But very little information has emerged from inside Pakistan about what Rahami did during his visits.The government official, who did not wish to be named because he was speaking about a highly sensitive subject, said Pakistani security agencies have tried to  hide all the details of his visits to Quetta  and keep as much information as possible out of the media. It s also worth noting the similarities of this case to that of another  known wolf  who traveled overseas before a major domestic event, the alleged Boston Bomber, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who had previously been recruited by the FBI, most likely as an informant. This might help to explain why Tamerlan traveled overseas to attend the  American Committee for Peace in the Caucasus  in Dagestan, during the summer of 2012   an event organised by the Jamestown Foundation   itself another known CIA front, and part of a vast network  controlled by Freedom House (George Soros) and linked to the CIA , as reported by the Voltaire Network.  INFORMANT OR TERRORIST?    What was Rahami s real role in the New York and New Jersey bombings and bomb attempts? (Image Source: nbcnews) Sturm und Drang During a hotly contested US presidential election cycle, multiple overlapping narratives continue to contribute to an environment of confusion, fear and uncertainty in the War On Terror era.Mass media has worked out their own formula for laying out a familiar series of polarizing political points in the aftermath of any  tragic  event, as they have with many others. Appearing once again, to purposefully redirect the public to look at a ready-made laundry list of hateful rhetoric and random writings as an ironclad motive for a crime. The aftermath in the case of New York is no different, as it rapidly descended into an overindulgent barrage of media speculation and theorizing.All too often we ve seen the  stage persona of any alleged attacker or killer being touted as hard evidence, despite the fact that even strong circumstantial evidence of any apparent crime would likely result in many hours of analysis and debate, potentially without a definitive conclusion, even if the evidence eventually reached a court room setting.As 21WIRE has covered in recent years, very often there is much more involved behind-the-scenes when it comes to sensationalized attacks in America, particularly of those said to be  lone wolf events. The incidents themselves are quickly taken out of the political and forensic realm, giving way to a hyper-realized account, often defying logic and reason.Drills, Patsies & DupesIn May of 2015, the NY Post stated the following, after the city s largest ever terror drill involved mock explosions: Officials said the event was the largest  active-shooter  operation ever, involving more than 200 NYPD and FDNY officers.It was the ninth full-scale exercise of its kind since the beginning of 2014. Chief of NYPD Counterterrorism Bureau James Waters explained that the drill replicated portions of events that occurred in San Bernadino, in the Bataclan in Paris and in Australia. Continuing, the article described the intricate mass exercise: On the third and the fourth floors we had additional explosions go off, replicating things that happened at the Bataclan nightclub, and that pushed the ESU officers up to the third floor, and finally the fourth floor, where they encountered a barricade with a hostage situation,  he said, explaining that the cops again were able to stop the shooters. For the average person, its hard to differentiate from a drill or a real event, causing one to scrutinize the legitimacy of such an operation.In recent years, the investigative tactics of various intelligence agencies have come into question, none perhaps more dubious then the Newburgh FBI sting that involved entrapping four men to participate in a fabricated event created by the bureau. Here s a 2011 passage from The Guardian describing how an FBI informant named Shahed Hussain coerced four others into a fake terror plot: The  Newburgh Four  now languish in jail. Hussain does not. For Hussain was a fake. In fact, Hussain worked for the FBI as an informant trawling mosques in hope of picking up radicals.Yet far from being active militants, the four men he attracted were impoverished individuals struggling with Newburgh s grim epidemic of crack, drug crime and poverty. One had mental issues so severe his apartment contained bottles of his own urine. He also believed Florida was a foreign country.Hussain offered the men huge financial inducements to carry out the plot   including $250,000 to one man   and free holidays and expensive cars.As defence lawyers poured through the evidence, the Newburgh Four came to represent the most extreme form of a controversial FBI policy to use invented terrorist plots to lure targets.  There has been no case as egregious as this. It is unique in the incentive the government provided. A quarter million dollars?  said Professor Karen Greenberg, a terrorism expert at Fordham University. The whole episode seemed born out WTC 1993 bombing case, which involved yet another informant working alongside officials.More below regarding the purported NYC bombing from ZeroHedge  NYC UNDER ATTACK?   In less than 48 hours law enforcement nabbed the man purportedly behind the recent NYC bombings. (Image Source: observer)9 Weird Things About The NYC And NJ Bombs That Will Make You Say Hmmmm Zero HedgeZero Hedge continues READ MORE  WAR ON TERROR  NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire W.O.T Files",0
22473,AN AMERICAN TRAGEDY: Who Really Killed JonBenét Ramsey?," Do roses know their thorns can hurt?    a quote attributed to JonBen t Ramsey from Lawrence Schiller s Perfect Murder, Perfect Town Shawn Helton 21st Century WireIt s been nearly 20 years since the cold-blooded murder of JonBen t Ramsey shocked America.  On December 26, 1996, the lifeless body of a 6-year-old girl, JonBen t Ramsey, was found brutally murdered in the basement of her family home. The grisly discovery stunned a quiet and affluent community in Boulder, Colorado and quickly became one of the most disturbing unsolved crimes in the United States over the past two decades. Photo Illustration Shawn Helton of 21WIREThe killing of JonBen t was an American tragedy and still to this day, it remains a haunting case and enigma.Below we ll examine some of the key elements surrounding the Ramsey investigation, along with some of the prevailing theories concerning JonBen t s homicide Throughout the course of this crime analysis, there will be references to a compilation of media reports, independent investigative reports, as well as the court case, Wolf v. Ramsey in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia which convened in 2003.The 2003 case stated that a Boulder journalist named Robert Christian Wolf filed a $50 million defamation suit against John Ramsey and wife Patsy Ramsey after being referred to by the family as a possible suspect in the death of JonBen t in the couple s controversial book, Death of Innocence.During the Wolf v. Ramsey court case, some shocking details surrounding JonBen t s murder were reviewed once again. Subsequently, John and Patsy Ramsey were sued in two separate defamation lawsuits (including Linda Hoffman-Pugh) after the publication of their controversial book about the murder of their daughter.  DARK HOLIDAY    The crime taped scene at the Ramsey residence in University Hill on December 26, 1996. (Image Source: eonline)Christmas in Boulder 1996JonBen t Ramsey was discovered dead in what has been referred to as the  wine cellar  of her parent s Boulder mansion just one day after Christmas.According to investigators, the official cause of the young child s death was asphyxia by strangulation associated with craniocerebral trauma.  The savage scene indicated a possible sexual assault based on DNA evidence collected.Court transcripts confirmed that around the time of JonBen t s death, an unknown object (possibly a flashlight) was used to cause blunt force trauma to her head. However, the strangulation came 45 minutes to two hours after the blow to the head (with the killer behind the victim).The initial inspection of JonBen t s body revealed that the child beauty pageant contestant was bound to a broken paintbrush, an improvised garrote with a slip knot that included some of her own hair. A closer forensic investigation would later uncover that the duck tape placed over JonBen t s mouth, allegedly contained hair from a beaver. Similarly, it was discovered that unidentified dark animal hairs were found on her hands. Nothing in the home matched the animal hair samples found on the duct tape.According to the The Colorado Bureau of Investigations, there were fibers found on the duct tape that were also similar to a jacket worn by JonBen t s mother on Christmas day.Those close to the case would later remark how many elements of the crime scene appeared to be staged  as the cord, body positioning, additional bodily trauma, as well as the white blanket covering JonBen t and the Barbie nightgown found near her, indicated manipulation after the crime occurred.In a report by the now retired forensic pathologist and medical examiner, Dr. Michael Doberson, The right side of [JonBen t s] face as well as on the lower left back are patterned injuries most consistent with the application of a stun gun.  According to additional court documents,  Male DNA was found under JonBenet s right hand fingernail that does not match that of any Ramsey. The same court documents also stated, Defendants also assert that male DNA was found under Jon-Benet s left hand fingernail, which also does not match that of any Ramsey,  and that male DNA was found on the deceased s underwear but did not match any other Ramsey family member.The Ramseys assert that JonBen t was last seen alive around 10pm on Christmas day after attending a Christmas party at the White family residence. Along with her brother Burke, the young girl was put to bed shortly after coming home from that party.JonBen t s time of death has remained undetermined, though autopsy results suggest that sometime between 10pm on Christmas night and the early hours of December 26th. Reports confirm that rigor mortis had set in on the body and an odor of decomposition had also been present. It would later be revealed that JonBen t had undigested pieces of pineapple still in her stomach and small intestine.According to other investigative reports, it s inconclusive whether the 6 year-old had the pineapple an hour or two prior to her death or earlier in the day.However, JonBen t was able digest cracked crab she ate at the Christmas party hosted by the White family, suggesting the pineapple was served later that night at home. Interestingly, JonBen t s mother Patsy, claimed to not remember giving her daughter fruit that day or night, even though the bowl containing the pineapple had her and her son s fingerprints on it. Burke Ramsey s fingerprints were also found on a nearby glass.  RANSOM PLOT?    Above is the apparent ransom note found by Patsy Ramsey. Oddly, John Ramsey had recently received a holiday bonus nearly the exact amount demanded in the note. (Image Source: pintrest)The Ransom Note & 911Early on December 26th, Patsy Ramsey (possibly in the same clothes), awoke at 5:33am and was said to have made her way down a staircase known to those familiar with the large house. Sitting on the stairs, the former Miss West Virginia found an apparent ransom note which stated that her abducted daughter was  safe and unharmed  but demanded $118,000 for her return.Strangely, this was the exact amount that Patsy s husband John received for a Christmas bonus in 1996, while working as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Access Graphics, a computer services company and a subsidiary of Lockheed Martin. After discovering that JonBen t was missing from her room, Patsy made a distressing 911 call to police at 5:52am, where Burke was said to have been heard talking in the background. However, John and Patsy maintained that their son was not yet awake at this time.Patsy then called her neighbor and close friends, Priscilla White, as well as John and Barbara Fernie, between 5:55am and 6am. Boulder police arrived at the scene some seven minutes later to find a frantic Patsy and an oddly clam John. There were no signs of forcible entry at the residence, which complicated the purported kidnapping plot.Below is an enhanced version of the Ramsey 911 call seen in a recent CBS series examining the case. The Ramsey 911 call on December 26th, has caused a tremendous amount of speculation about a possible family cover-up in the murder of JonBen t An in-depth investigative site revealed that Boulder Police Detective Melissa Hickman reviewed the 911 call and transcribed it after having it enhanced at the Aerospace Corporation. Similarly, Lawrence Schiller s book Perfect Murder, Perfect Town: The Uncensored Story of the JonBenet Murder and the Grand Jury s Search for the Final Truth, suggested that the voice of Burke Ramsey is supposedly heard in the back ground of the 911 call stating,  Please, what do I do?,  in addition to CBS s findings above.The December 26th phone call to police would be the second 911 call from the Ramsey home over a three-day period. The first was on December 23rd, during a party at the Ramseys house, which included guests said to be from the upper echelon of Boulder society. However, a complete list of attendees was not made public and the reason for the first 911 call was never fully explained as the unknown caller hung up without saying a word.Schiller s book Perfect Murder, Perfect Town, stated that Linda Hoffman-Pugh, the Ramseys longtime housekeeper named some of the families who attended the December 23rd Christmas party: At 5:30 P.M. Santa showed up. By then the Barnhills, the Fernies, the Stines, Pinky Barber, and the Whites, who came with Priscilla s parents, had all arrived. Maybe eight couples and their children. Most of the men gathered by the spiral staircase. John made drinks for everybody from the butler s kitchen. The kids played in the living room by the big Christmas tree. That s where Santa read his little verses about everyone. This year, Mrs. Claus was there too, Santa looked kind of sick. Flashing back to the alleged ransom note, FOX 13 reported that former Boulder police chief Mark Beckner, stated the following during a  Ask Me Anything  segment on Reddit. Here s a revealing passage from that discussion: The FBI told us they d never seen a 2.5 page ransom note, [and that] No note has ever been written at the scene, and then left at the scene with the dead victim at the scene, other than this case. In addition to Beckner s Reddit commentary, the online magazine The Federalist stated that,  The FBI s Child Abduction and Serial Killer Unit had noted that JonBen t s murderer almost certainly hadn t committed a murder before. They also concluded separately that the ransom note was written by someone intelligent but criminally unsophisticated. Continuing, the same article summarized another important aspect in the Ramsey case, lab tests also showed it was Patsy s Sharpie pen used to write the note. The pen used to write the note an FBI profiler estimates it took 21 minutes for the author to practice on the pad and then compose it was found in a cup with other Sharpies right next to the phone in the kitchen where Patsy kept them. It was very conscientious of the murderer to put everything back where he found it. Though Patsy was never conclusively proven to have had a hand in writing the purported ransom note, of those asked to give written samples, she was the only person police could not completely eliminate.According to a longtime FBI agent, the note contained deliberate mistakes and strange manipulative elements in an attempt to confuse authorities.The FBI was said to have arrived at the Ramsey house some fifteen minutes after the body was discovered. Schiller s Perfect Murder, Perfect Town, also noted the protocol of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in the following manner: FBI s standard procedure is to investigate the parents and the immediate family first and then move outward in circles. Then would come people who had frequent access to the child babysitters and domestic help. The next circle would contain friends and business associates. The outermost circle would be strangers. The technique was to avoid leaping over these concentric circles too quickly. According to the Bureau of Justice statistics from 1980   2008, 78.1 percent of the time, offenders were not strangers to the victim, and in more than 56 percent of cases, the victim was at least acquainted with an offender. HOUSE OF HORROR   The police taped scene outside the Ramsey residence following the discovery of their murdered daughter. (Image Source: ajc)Spoiling the Scene Upon arriving at the Ramsey residence on December 26th, Boulder policeman Rick French, conducted a quick search of the house, looking for possible intruder exit points. French failed to search the wine cellar room where JonBen t would later be discovered, because he noticed that the wooden latch on the door was on the opposite side for a door exiting the house. Around this time, French was also given the apparent ransom note by the Ramseys. The two and a half page note, was later described as one of the longest ransom notes in the history of kidnapping cases in America.At least two searches were conducted by JonBen t s father John and family friend Fleet White, Priscilla s husband, in the Ramseys  basement sometime between 6:06   8:00am. Shortly after arriving at the Ramsey residence, Fleet searched the basement alone including the wine cellar where JonBen t s body was located within fifteen minutes of arriving. Documents would confirm the search effort in the following description, Mr. White also opened the door to the wine cellar room, but he could not see anything inside because it was dark and he could not find the light switch. Fleet then testified that a window in the basement playroom had been broken and that underneath that window, there was a suitcase and piece of broken glass.Early on investigators were concerned about the lack of debris and other forensic evidence in and around the window thought to have been used in the alleged abduction/murder plot.December 26th, at 6:45am, John calls and leaves a message for Michael Archuleta his pilot. At 7:00am, his 9 year-old son Burke was dressed and taken to the White residence. Also at this time, Rev. Rolland Hoverstock from St. John s Episcopalian Church arrived at the Ramsey residence.The UK s Guardian described other compelling forensic details noted at the house that day: Eventually, other details emerged which competed with the original picture. Though there was no sign of forced entry, there was that small broken window into the basement that had been left open. Though there were no footprints in the snow, there was no snow on the part of the lawn that would need to be crossed to get in through the window. There was a footprint near the body left by a Hi-Tec boot. There was a latent handprint on the doorframe that didn t match any of the Ramseys .   MAP OF MURDER    Here s a bird s eye graphic detailing the Ramsey s basement area and the hidden wine cellar room where JonBen t s body was found. (Image Source: denverpost.com)In the striking book Programmed to Kill by writer and researcher David McGowan, we see an examination of the Ramsey case in a chapter entitled Boulder. In the following passage, McGowan underscored that the crime scene had been mishandled from the beginning: For reasons that have never been adequately explained, the investigation was compromised from the very beginning. Officers inexplicably failed to secure the crime scene, allowing the family s pastor to come and go from the home. No effort was made to prevent contamination of any potential evidence. Detectives did not arrive on the scene until 8:10am, over two hours after the first patrol officers arrived. It took another twelve hours for the coroner to arrive (and once there, he reportedly spent just ten minutes examining the body and the crime scene). Detectives Linda Arndt and Fred Patterson arrived at the Ramsey s residence at 8:10am and are given a rundown of the scene by Officer French from the Boulder police department.Detective Arndt then prepped the Ramseys for the potential ransom phone call, tapping the house phone. Around this time, the police s team of victims  advocates who are skilled in dealing with trauma, arrive with breakfast food. Unfortunately, as was the case with many elements of the Ramsey crime scene, crucial evidence was potentially erased, as the team of advocates inadvertently wiped down parts of the kitchen.Arndt would later remark that there was no acknowledgement from anyone inside the house that the ransom phone call deadline came and went. John would later be seen examining the contents of his mail during the developing tragedy at his home.Detectives Arndt and Patterson sealed off JonBen t s bedroom some time around 10:30am but did not block off the entire house as a potential crime scene. In fact, friends and family moved freely throughout the house most of the day.At 10:30, Arndt calls for backup at least twice while left in the house alone with the Ramsey family and friends (seven in total), she is told that all officers are in a Boulder Police Department meeting and they received her message. Later a qualifier for the lapse was given by the BPD stating that they were short-staffed.At 1pm,  Arndt decided that John should do a  top to bottom  search of the house with specific instructions not to touch anything. John, Fleet and supposedly another family friend, John Fernie, trekked downstairs into the basement, during the tense wait for the alleged kidnappers to call   a call that never happened.John located JonBen t almost immediately at 1:05pm in the wine cellar hidden in the basement of the Ramsey house. Upon discovering JonBen t, John reportedly ripped the duct tape from her mouth and untied her hands bringing her lifeless body upstairs. Arndt then grabbed the young girl placing her near the family Christmas tree after a strange nonverbal exchange with John. Patsy was also said to have grieved over the body at this time.While it was a undeniably an emotional situation, Arndt made a mental note of the disturbance to the crime scene as this was not officially a homicide.Twenty minutes later, after additional officers secure the house and the forensic team returns, John places a phone call to his personal pilot but is instructed by police to stay in Boulder.Sometime later, testimony revealed a time discrepancy over the timeline of John s basement search, as it appeared to contradict other time frames of the initial crime scene investigation. Some researchers contend that John perhaps searched the basement before 6am based on statements given to authorities.Detective Arndt attempted to question Patsy further but the family s lawyer Mike Bynum stepped in blocking the inquiry into his client. The Ramseys did not give formal police interviews until four months after JonBen t s murder.According to The Daily Mail s report,  They also assembled a team of private investigators, a public relations guru, an ex-FBI criminal profiler and two handwriting experts to look at the ransom note, arguing that the local police had botched the initial investigation. In a 1999, during a Good Morning America interview with Detective Arndt, described John s discovery of JonBen t,  I decided that everything made sense in that instance. And, um, I knew what happened. I mean that s, I knew what happened to her. Below is Arndt s interview on ABC News, discussing the behavioral anomalies she witnessed at the Ramsey residence on December 26th During the course of that interview Arndt remarked how long it seemed before officers returned to the house following her radio to police, prompting the detective to become fearful of her own life waiting for backup, after witnessing the severe bodily trauma to JonBen t.In May of 1997, Detective Arndt and Detective Melissa Hickman were dropped from the case.  MEDIA SPOTLIGHT    The body language displayed John and Patsy Ramsey appeared to belie the murder of their child. Furthermore, they were never seen consoling one another by police the day their daughter was discovered murdered. (Image Source: crime.about)Casting SuspicionOn December 27th, it was reported that Patsy s friend Pam Griffin, the seamstress that designed JonBenet s pageant costumes went to comfort Patsy, who was grieving at the Fernie residence. Here s a passage describing that encounter in a Newsweek report three years after the murder of JonBen t: At the Boulder home of John and Barbara Fernie, friends of the Ramseys , Pam, a former registered nurse, touched Patsy s skin and realized she was dehydrated. She brought Patsy some water and made her drink it.  You need to brush your hair,  Pam told her.  You need to lie down a little bit.  But Patsy stood up to greet each new person who arrived to offer condolences, and as she did, tears streamed down her face. Hours later, Patsy finally took Pam s advice and lay down in the bedroom. Patsy reached up and touched Pam s face.  Couldn t you fix this for me?  she asked. Pam thought she was delirious. It was as if Patsy were asking her to fix a ripped seam.  Patsy said something like,  We didn t mean for that to happen ,  Pam would say later. Pam couldn t say why, but she remembered feeling as if Patsy knew who killed JonBenet but was afraid to say. Back in the spring of 1996, Griffin put local dance instructor, Kit Andre in touch with Patsy to help teach JonBen t a routine for the pageant circuit. Andre would later be quoted by media, stating the following: She was a fabulous child,  I told Patsy at JonBenet s memorial service in Boulder.  She was a star.  I never saw JonBenet in a pageant. Never saw her do the routine I taught her until I saw that pageant video on TV. I ve looked at that video several times. They made JonBenet look like a clown. Someone else taught her those pseudo-adult movements, the provocative walk, the poses, all of it. The Daily Mail described the family preoccupation with the child beauty pageant circuit. Adding to that, family visitors noted that JonBenet s room was filled with pageant trophies rather than toys: Patsy later insisted that while JonBenet loved taking part in pageants, it was just a little hobby. Experts immediately pointed to the coaching, dancing, singing, music and beauty sessions   along with the outrageous cost of outfits   that made it an almost full-time occupation.   FAMILY TIES    The Ramsey s and White family on a ski trip. (Image Source: westword)The case most certainly took a different turn once the police had indicated that the Ramseys themselves would also be investigated as possible suspects. Right away, the Ramseys  lawyered-up  and hired an formidable legal defense team. Some twenty months after the brutal murder of JonBenet, John Ramsey s friend Fleet White, wrote an open letter to  the people of Colorado  that questioned the investigation by Boulder police and Boulder District Attorney Alex Hunter: After JonBen t Ramsey was killed in Boulder nearly twenty months ago, her parents, John and Patsy Ramsey, immediately hired prominent Democrat criminal defense attorneys with the law firm of Haddon, Morgan and Foreman. This firm and its partners have close professional, political and personal ties to prosecutors, the Denver and Boulder legal and judicial communities, state legislators, and high-ranking members of Colorado government, including Gov. Roy Romer. The investigation of her death has since been characterized by confusion and delays. Continuing, White outlined a larger conspiracy concerning the Ramsey case: During the course of the investigation, the district attorney has used inexplicable methods including the recruitment of magazine writers and tabloids to leak information concerning the case and to needle witnesses,  suspects , and police detectives. White also mentioned the resignation of Boulder police detective Steve Thomas on August 6, 1998, after publicly accusing the District Attorney of  obstructing  the investigation into the Ramsey murder case. Torn Between Two Theories Something that continued to plague the Ramsey investigation, was that authorities were not able to reconcile the two different types of crime theories, one of the brutal killer and one of the ransom seeking kidnapper, based on the evidence presented.In 2000, Boulder s Daily Camera news, reported that the White family would be drawn even further into the Ramsey case, due to a California woman s descriptive allegations of an expansive child abuse ring. Her claims initially garnered attention because she allegedly knew John and Patsy Ramsey through Fleet: The White family did come in for more public scrutiny than some Ramsey associates during the star-crossed investigation.In his statement, Becker noted that, in 2000,  The police department did investigate allegations made by a California woman to District Attorney Alex Hunter, as reported in the press, that were intended to cast suspicion on the White family. The department found no evidence to support the unfounded allegations. There has never been any evidence to link the White family to the JonBenet Ramsey homicide. The Camera in February 2000 reported that a 38-year-old woman had told Hunter that, when she was young, she had been ritually and sexually abused in a manner similar to the way JonBenet Ramsey died. Prior to the article mentioned above Barrie Hartman, editor for the Daily Camera for 18 years, added the following details concerning the woman interviewed by Boulder law enforcement which describe a deeper level abuse: The woman has described to police years of sexual and physical abuse in California homes at the hands of adults who stayed at holiday and other parties after other guests had left for the evening. Then, she said, another  party,  one of sexual abuse for the gratification of a select group of adults, would begin. Though Fleet White was cleared as a suspect in 1997 and officially exonerated in 2008 along with John Ramsey, publicly scrutiny has remained to this day.In 2014, even though Boulder District Attorney Stan Garnett declined to write yet another letter of exoneration for the Whites, which would have been the fourth such public decree regarding the family.According to reports, in 2002, former Detective Lou Smit who believed in John and Patsy s innocence,  named a convicted Oregon sex offender Gary Oliva as his prime suspect after discovering the drifter had been in Boulder in December 1996. But Oliva s DNA did not match samples taken from the body. Throughout the last 20 years, at least 140 different men have been considered by investigative authorities, including convicted sex offender John Mark Karr, who gave a false confession that was later cleared through a DNA analysis.Additional investigative details state that, DNA samples from 1.6 million offenders   86,000 in Colorado alone   have been checked over the past five years and forensics experts update those files once a week. It was recently revealed in April of 2016, that Ollie Gray, a private investigator hired by John and Patsy Ramsey claimed to have named the killer as one Michael Helgoth. The story implicated Helgoth, a 26-year-old whose family owned a junkyard on the edge of the city. According to an interview with The Daily Mail, Gray stated the following,  Based on what we know now, I believe Helgoth and his accomplices committed the crime. There s no doubt about it.  The Helgoth story gained traction because John Kenady, a former employee of Helgoth s, said his employer allegedly taped a video of JonBen t s death. Kenady supposedly tried to reach police some twenty times according to the Ramseys private investigator.The Daily Mail continued: Then, on February 13, 1997, Alex Hunter, who was then the district attorney, held a press conference where he spoke to JonBenet s unknown killer, saying;  The list of suspect narrows. Soon there will be no one on the list but you. Helgoth died of an apparent suicide two days later at his home. Kenady believes he was murdered by an accomplice or accomplices who were with him when he killed JonBenet. The gun was found on Helgoth s right side, but the bullet hole goes from left to right. It doesn t make sense why someone would commit suicide in that manner,  said Kenady. Below is a documentary featuring former Boulder Detective Steve Thomas   regarding a bed-wetting rage theory revolving around JonBen t s murder (Thomas  testimony is at 24:20) Ramsey Case Oddities In 1998, the NY Times reported that a private detective named Brett Sawyer had been convicted of paying a photo lab tech for  20 autopsy photographs  and reselling to The Globe newspaper for $5,500. Naturally, this caused quite a public outcry, stirring questions about morality, societal behavior and the media s role in sensationalizing violence in America.On an intriguing note, in 2001, the Daily Camera reported that the Ramsey house s address would be changed: [The] Tudor where JonBen t Ramsey was found dead nearly five years ago have discarded the 755 15th St. address plate. Small adhesive-backed, black numbers   749   now adorn the mail slot to the right of the front door,  and that  Before the address change was granted, city officials contacted 18 different agencies   including emergency responders, utility companies and the post office, to determine if such a change would be practical. In 2007, it was reported that a year after Patsy Ramsey died of ovarian cancer, husband John was for a short time reported by some publications to be romantic with Beth Holloway, the mother of Natalee Holloway who disappeared in 2005 after allegedly being  abducted. Other case oddities have included the apparent meaning of the acronym signature at the bottom of the alleged ransom note that read S.B.T.C, something of which that caused quite a stir. Here s a 2011 FOX News report that has only added to the confusion, Some journalists erroneously believed that phrase was a war reference to John Ramsey s training in the Philippines at Subic Bay Naval Base (they believed it could mean Subic Bay Training Center).  However, according to the Chicago Tribune in January of 1997,  John Ramsey, 53, spent March 1968 through November 1969 assigned to the Navy Public Works Center at Subic Bay Training Center, according to the Bureau of Navy Personnel in Washington. In another bizarre and uncanny twist to the Ramsey murder case, Bill McReynolds the man who dressed up as Santa Claus on the night of December 23rd at the Ramsey house, had is own daughter abducted exactly twenty-two years (December 26th, 1974) to the date of JonBen t s murder. Strangely, he and his wife purportedly wrote a screenplay called Hey Rube (possibly named after the circus cry for help) that dealt with the brutal murder of a child in a similar manner to JonBen t.In the early days of the Ramsey case there was also concern about Randy Simmons, a child photographer well-known on the pageant circuit.In 1999, well-known Denver-based journalist Stephen Singular wrote a book about the murder of JonBen t, which investigated the exploitation of children and the dark and seedy elements potentially connected to the brutal crime in Boulder.In terms of historical context concerning Singular s theories, the book by former Nebraska state Senator John De Camp entitled, The Franklin Cover-up, comes to mind. The Cover-up was a scathing expose  that implicated politicians, judges, those in the military, police, as well as members of  the intelligence community   for the subsequent abduction of numerous children over the course of many years, including connections to the wider Boys Town scandal. Former CIA director William Colby wrote the preface to De Camp s courageous book, lending even more credibility to its claims. Decamp had previously been an aide for Colby, who became disillusioned by his time in the CIA.You have to wonder, was JonBen t also a victim of a larger criminal conspiracy?  LAST PICTURE    The last photo of JonBen t alive. Here she is with her mother Patsy on Christmas morning 1996. (Image Source: dailymail.co.uk)Only Theories, No ConclusionTheories about JonBen t s killer or killers, have ranged from an unknown intruder, members of her family, family friends, a larger network of abuse, a wandering criminal who may have acted alone, or someone who played a role in a potential murder-for-hire scenario. But after all these years, every one of these so-called theories has one thing in common: the investigation seems to lead straight back to questions regarding John and Patsy s official story   despite the couple s exoneration.Adding fuel to the fire, for the first time in public,JonBen t s brother, Burke Ramsey, recently discussed the murder of his sister during an exclusive three-part interview with Dr. Phil McGraw, something which has caused more speculation about the tragic and troubling case.Interestingly, since airing a six-hour docu-series called The Case of: JonBen t Ramsey , CBS is now being sued by Burke Ramsey, for the shows suggested conclusion that he may have been responsible for his sister s homicide.In 2013, the Daily Camera revealed that an  unprosecuted grand jury indictment revealed the grand jury prepared charges of child abuse resulting in death and accessory to a crime for both John and Patsy Ramsey in the death of their daughter,  and that  Alex Hunter, the Boulder County district attorney at the time, never signed the true bill, apparently believing he could not successfully prosecute due to a lack of evidence. The tragic story of JonBen t continues, a portrait of innocence shattered   a truly unbelievable crime still unsolved 20 years later.READ MORE TRUE CRIME NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire True Crime FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE and its work by Subscribing and becoming a Member @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22474,"Boiler Room EP #75 – Limited Hangouts, Syria and the Scrotox Imperative","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR host Hesher along with Jay Dyer from jaysanalysis.com,  Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, Randy J of ACR and 21Wire and Stewart Howe of 21Wire for the 75th episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in some Boiler Room with the crew. .Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Reference Links:",0
22475,Russian Military: US Coalition Predator Drone Spotted at Time & Place of Syria UN Aid Convoy Attack,"21st Century Wire says Despite proclamations by US official, details of the attack on the UN Aid Convoy yesterday are still sketchy. With no evidence to hand John Kerry and  unnamed  US officials claim that  they know  the Russian attacked the UN aid convoy passing through a  rebel  terrorist-held highway while travelling out of West Aleppo and heading southwest towards al-Foua and Kefraya villages. From the onset, both Russian and Syrian military stated they were not involved in this incident, but US maintain they are the guilty parties. John Kerry blaming Russia for mysterious attack on UN Convoy.The US insistence to blame Russia for attacking this UN Aid Convoy appears to be a desperate deflect-and-divert public relations move to mask the fact the Washington destroyed its own ceasefire agreement on Saturday when it massacred over 70 Syrian Army soldiers and wounding another 100, in a sustained one hour-long attack involving multiple aircraft from the US, UK, Australia and Denmark. Because of that US-led airstrike, ISIS was allowed to advance immediately forward towards taking the key strategic city of Deir al-Zour. In spite of the unlikely coincidence, Washington claimed this was all just  a mistake. In addition, US Coalition and Gulf-backed  rebel  terrorists had already broke the Russia-US ceasefire multiple times, and are also on record boasting earlier in the week how terrorist-held East Aleppo militants would refuse any UN aid convoy that crossed their sights.Did the US and its  rebel  forces on the ground orchestrate another false flag event designed to avoid condemnation of Saturday s massacre? Our western colleages are putting their best efforts to hype up the situation and  blur  the tragedy in Deir ez-Zor and to distract the international community from Al-Nusra s advance on Aleppo and thus cover the US incompetence in distinguishing between the  moderate  opposition and terrorists in Syria.    Russian spokeperson.Now, new evidence suggests that the US Coalition may be misleading the world about their true intentions  RTThe Russian Defense Ministry says that a US coalition drone was in the vicinity of a humanitarian convoy when it was attacked outside Aleppo. According to the Russian military, the unmanned aircraft was a Predator drone. On the evening of September 19, in that specific region, a drone belonging to the international condition, which had taken off from the Incirlik air base in Turkey, was flying at a height of 3,600 meters and traveling at around 200 kilometers per hour,  said Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov. The object was in the area around the town of Urm Al-Kubra, where the convoy was a few minutes before it caught fire,  Konashenkov added.  It left after about 30 minutes. The Defense Ministry spokesman said he wanted to point out that, as was the case with the tragedy on September 17 which saw US-led coalition airstrike kill and injure 200 people, the Russians would not be making any unfounded allegations. Only the owners know what exactly the drone was doing at this particular area at that exact time,  he added.Moscow says it has provided all the data it possesses regarding the attack on the convoy, which was carrying aid to rebel-held areas in Aleppo, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said at a UN Security Council meeting on Wednesday. There was another unacceptable provocation on September 19   the shelling of a humanitarian convoy near Aleppo,  he said.  I am confident that such coincidences require serious analysis and an investigation. On September 19, a humanitarian convoy consisting of 31 trucks was attacked while heading to Aleppo. According to the Red Cross, 20 civilians and one aid worker died as a result. Initial reports claimed the convoy had been targeted by an airstrike. Later the UN said all it could confirm was that the convoy was attacked.On Tuesday, the Russian Defense Ministry reiterated that neither it nor the Syrian military had launched airstrikes on the convoy. Russian and Syrian warplanes did not carry out any airstrikes on a UN humanitarian aid convoy in the southwest of Aleppo,  Konashenkov said in a statement. He added that the military had studied video footage of the convoy, which appeared to rule out that an airstrike took place. We have closely studied the video footage from where the incident took place and we did not find any signs of any ammunition having hit the convoy. There are no craters, while the vehicles have their chassis intact and they have not been severely damaged, which would have been the case from an airstrike,  Konashenkov said. All of the video footage demonstrates that the convoy caught fire, which strangely happened almost at exactly at the same time as militants started a large-scale offensive on Aleppo. In a statement Konashenkov said Moscow was compelled to disclose the  sensitive details  in response to the accusations made by US deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes, who has laid the blame for the attack on the aid convoy on Russia. This type of drone can not only monitor the situation, but also guide ground weapons to their targets and inflict surgical airstrikes at objects located on the ground by itself,  the Russian spokesman explained Read more at RTREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22476,"Episode #153 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘The Nuremberg Syndrome’ with guests Mother Agnes, Abdo Haddad, Ghoufran Derawan"," Episode #153 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this Sunday September 18, 2016 as host Patrick Henningsen broadcasts a 3 HOUR SPECIAL of LIVE power-packed talk radio on ACR LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:SUNDAYS   5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US)This week s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is on the road broadcasting LIVE from the Valley of the Sun. This week host Patrick Henningsen covers this week s top stories internationally, including yesterday s US airstrike against Syria, killing at least 62 Syrian soldiers while allowing ISIS to advance, as well as the faux made-for-TV terror  event in NYC last night which conveniently covered-up the US scandal in Syria. In the first hour we ll be joined by a very special guest, Mother Superior Agnes Mariam de la Croix, to discuss her experiences in Syria and the true nature of the conflict and its affect on the people of Syria and the Middle East. In the second hour, we ll connect with Syria-based political analyst, Abdo Haddad, to hear breaking details of multiple battle fronts in Syria, and also new information about Turkey s covert plans to establish a de facto  Islamic State  inside of northern Syria, as well as some insight into the breakdown of the US-Russia brokered Syria ceasefire agreement this week. In the third and final hour, we talk with independent filmmaker Ghoufran Derawan to talk about her two outstanding short film productions from Syria   featuring this week on 21WIRE.TV.SHOUT POLL: Should US/UK/EU-funded White Helmets receive a Nobel Peace Prize?Strap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world  *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Direct Download the Most Recent Episode// <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt;Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives   ",0
22477,‘We’re Just Not Into Her’ – Hillary Clinton Losing Support of Millennials,"Patrick Henningsen  21st Century WireWhat s up with the millennials? The Clinton campaign may have felt a jolt after seeing the front page headline from this morning s Wall Street Journal which read, Millennials Have Cooled on Hillary Clinton, Forcing a Campaign Reset. Traditionally, the 21 to 35 year old age bracket (born 1980-1993 in our epoch) has been a bastion of the Democratic Party. According to a recent Quinnipiac poll, Hillary Clinton s lead over Republican Donald J. Trump among under 35 s plummeted in the month of August from 25 points  down to only 5 points. Pretty shocking, but even more so in a week that has seen a Hillary health scare, resulting in Trump surging ahead of Clinton in multiple national polls, and also in perennially pivotal electoral patches like Florida and Ohio.So what s up? Why can t Hillary chill with the millennials, like Barack once did?Back when she was battling Bernie Sanders in the primaries, Clinton pulled out all the stops for the millennials   even promising America s students a  debt free  college experience including free university tuition. Somehow, Hillary s sizzle has failed to produce the Bern with this crucial demographic. As much as they would love for it to be true, even the most optimistic of students knows that free tuition for all is nothing more than pie in the sky, with some left feeling patronized in a way that voters have come to expect from desperate politicians making increasingly desperate promises on the campaign trail these days. What s really being overlooked by Democrat Party elites here though, is the uncomfortable truth that the old party ways simply aren t working anymore, and the Clinton campaign is not viewed as transformative (as Colin Powell calls it) and thus, millennials are finding it difficult to get behind it.So if they are no longer with Hillary, where are they going? Definitely not to the GOP. Trump is a non-starter when it comes to millennials, many of which are already registered Democrats. No offense to Trump supporters, but that s just the way it is   there s simply not enough young deplorable jugend to go around. Both Trump and Clinton are two of the oldest potential president elects ever to face off in a general election, at 70, 69 yrs old respectively. Instead, a sizeable number of young swing(ing) voters are flocking to Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson, who is currently polling at around 9% nationally, and also to Green Party candidate Jill Stein who is polling around 4%.One aspect worth noting here is that, unlike their generational predecessors, 21st century millennials are not afraid to take a risk on what they might view as a  political start-up  like the Libertarian or Green party. While traditional two-party system dinosaurs dream of squeezing rich donors at fundraising dinners, millennials dream of Podemos and crowdfunding the next revolution. But digital Jerusalem is still a ways off, and here is where idealism inevitably clashes with hard-core political reality: with the Trump-Clinton race in a near dead heat, millennials who have migrated into those alternative Johnson and Stein camps will indirectly decide the 2016 Election in much the same way that Independent candidate Ralph Nader did in 2000 and to a lesser extent in 2004, although it s not so easy to calculate between Clinton and Trump exactly who will be the chief beneficiary from that alternative displacement vote. CHILLERY: Clinton is struggling to excite the millennial voters (Illustration: TrumpNews)There is another spanner in the Democratic machine which no one is talking about, and one which could certainly hurt Hillary Clinton, and help Donald Trump on November 8th. One pronounced crimp in the Clinton juggernaut came as a result of the Wikileaks  DNC email leaks which revealed how, in its effort to shoe-in Clinton ahead of this past summer s party convention, the Democratic Party conspired to railroad the Bernie Sanders campaign  effectively killing its mercurial millennial phenomenon. Old party hacks might not understand why this is so important because they are so wrapped up in time-honored Tammany Hall traditions, but to young idealistic millennials, this party betrayal would not only be viewed as unfair, but also as undemocratic, and rightly so. As a result, a nationwide write-in campaign for Sanders as President has begun to pick up steam. If this pulls in 2%, or even 1%   away from Hillary s tally, especially in the key battleground states like Pennsylvania, Arizona or Michigan, then the race becomes even tighter still, and more unpredictable.This excerpt from the Reason report (below) should be the most sobering of all for Democrats, and it reveals the source of their fatal disconnect:A Reason-Rupe poll of millennials in 2014 found 66 percent of them believing government was wasteful and inefficient even as many said they planned to vote Democrat in that year and in 2016. The drop off in support for Democrats is unsurprising, given that the rhetoric about government that Democrats deploy does not match the reality on the ground.In other word: the Democrats are as addicted to lying as any other political organization, and this cannot be fixed   it s an institutional thing.In order to shore-up the millennial gap, the Democratic Party has dispatched its cohort of  rock stars  to college campuses across the country in order to woo millennials. Michelle Obama, Elizabeth Warren, and even Sanders (how Bernie could go out stumping after the DNC Leaks is pretty amazing in itself) have been sent like missionaries to the four corners of the country, in order to try and win back those millions of lost liberal souls, and lead them back into the party flock.To millennials, Bernie Sanders  primary election loss dashed their hopes in much the same way Ron Paul supporters felt in 2012  betrayed by a collusion between party mob bosses and the mainstream media. In both cases, aside from the obvious corruption, what was really dashed was the idealistic view that their generation had a real and meaningful stake in US politics and could even elevate its own candidate in a national election. Millions of previously disengaged voters finally found an original voice that resonated with their generation, and to see that voice crushed by political insiders and media operatives is a bitter pill to swallow. In America s winner-take-all system of Presidential elections, there is only room for one party winner   a reality which will continue to frustrate young voters going forward, many of whom are well aware of parliamentary systems in other nation states, and systems which appear to allow more plurality when it comes to choosing a viable political leader. Like it or not, managing those global expectations in terms of party and leadership choice is a reality that America will have to contend with in the future.With so many free radicals  still orbiting this election, it will be tricky to project a clear winner. Shades of 2000 perhaps, but this year there will be no hanging chads, but maybe something worse. Half the voters will be blaming either Obama (vote rigging), or Putin (vote hacking), as a reaction to any perceived electoral stitch-up (see #HashTagHell).It s a tricky year for the bookies, but one thing you can bet on is a serious fall-out after election day. So brace yourself, because in case you haven t noticed, many Americans are viewing this election as a true do or die  moment.In a United States already polarized along very pronounced partisan lines, whichever the result, one side will be baying for blood. That s just the way it is this year.Author Patrick Henningsen is journalist and geopolitical analyst for 21WIRE and host of the SUNDAY WIRE weekly radio show and also ON THE QT podcast@21WIRE.TV. Here s more useful analysis on the 2016  millennial dynamic  from Ed Krayewski at Reason ReasonA number of new polls show Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson doing very well with millennials and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton underperforming with the same demographic that helped President Obama build winning coalitions in 2008 and 2012.A New York Times/CBS poll shows 26 percent of voters under the age of 29 supporting Johnson and a further 10 percent supporting Green presidential nominee Jill Stein. Similarly, a Quinnipiac poll shows Johnson at 29 percent of young voters, and Stein at 15. In that poll, Clinton barely edges out Johnson among young voters, getting 31 percent. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is at 26 percent among that demographic in the poll. Further, a Global Strategy Group poll of millennials in 11 battleground states found 73 percent of millennials saying that Trump was a racist, and just 38 percent supporting Clinton in a 4-way matchup.The results have yielded unsurprising hand-wringing from older liberals who feel the vote of millennials belongs to them. Clara Jeffrey, editor-in-chief of Mother Jones, tweeted that she has  never hated millennials more  in response to the NYT/CBS poll, which earned refreshing responses from millennials Continue this story at ReasonREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22478,Not a Journalist: CNN’s Brian Stelter Manages Clinton Health Cover-up,"21st Century Wire says CNN s Brian Stelter hosts a show facetiously titled,  Reliable Sources , where Stelter pretends to be a hard-hitting  journalist , but the reality couldn t be further from the truth. Based on CNN and Stelter s reporting so far, their only  sources  appear to be those of the Clinton campaign s damage control team. IMAGE: CNN s Brian Stelter host of  Reliable Sources . Normally, Stelter, who describes himself as a  media analysis expert , is able to play the part of journalist partly because it s easy to blend in at CNN which probably employs more political operatives and pseudo-journalists than any other media outlet in the US, but in the high stakes game that is the 2016 election season, Stelter s cardboard facade has quickly fallen apart, in full view. Buckling under pressure while trying to manage Clinton campaign messaging on CNN, Stelter then lost it, attacking two leading nationally syndicated radio hosts, Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh, accusing them of wanting Hillary Clinton  dead,  (yes that s right, he said dead) during the nationally aired PBS Charlie Rose segment with fill-in host Andrew Ross Sorkin.Listen to the rebuttal by Rush Limbaugh: The HillMedia reporters are a relatively new breed. A breed that basically came along during the last decade when digital media came into existence, creating hundreds of more avenues for actual reporting to exist, and therefore keep an eye on.The job of media reporter is fairly straightforward: Observe the industry in all of its forms. And when good or bad reporting happens, simply call it out.If a police force is a parallel of the Fourth Estate, a media reporter exists in that context as Internal Affairs, as a check and balance for those who are supposed to speak truth to power.But lately it appears that even Internal Affairs/media reporters are compromised, biased and even dishonest. Exhibit A is CNN s Brian Stelter in his reporting on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s health issues, or per his consistent narrative for weeks, total lack of issues.Sunday was an active news day well outside of coverage of the 15th anniversary of 9/11: Clinton left a ceremony at Ground Zero early. And Fox News s Rick Leventhal   as solid a news reporter as they come out there   first went to air of Clinton s unexpected departure.From there, Leventhal was alone in his report citing a Clinton health episode for leaving early. The Clinton campaign wasn t talking. Other news organizations were waiting for another outlet or the campaign to come forward to verify before even cautiously broaching it.But shortly after 11:00 a.m. on CNN, Stelter broke away from his planned segment on  Reliable Sources  to break the news, via CNN s Jeff Zeleny, that Clinton had indeed become  overheated  during the 9/11 event under comfortable conditions (76 degrees at the time, mild breeze, low humidity).Here is video of Clinton attempting to enter her secure vehicle: Sunday RCP headline: CNN s Stelter to Media: Do Not Give Oxygen To  Conspiracy Theories  That Hillary Clinton Is  Secretly Ill BRIAN STELTER, RELIABLE SOURCES: Very worrisome news to hear, obviously, Jeff. As someone who covers the Clinton campaign everyday, what can you tell us about how frequently Clinton may have any health issues. Because obviously for years, there have been conspiracy theories online promoted by conservative websites saying that she is secretly ill. The campaign denied that and her physician said she is fit to serve as president. JEFF ZELENY, CNN: Indeed, her physician said she is fit to serve as president. She s released more medical information than her rival has of course but still has not released all of her records that all candidates have had over the years.Now, this certainly is going to prompt and renew and raise more questions about her health potentially here. She is 68 years old. She will turn 69 in October, before election day. It has, you know, we have seen it a lot over recent weeks, you know, some selected images and pictures and video of her either stumbling  BRIAN STELTER: Taken out of context.ZELENY: Taken out of context, yes. And I can tell you, Brian, I cover her a lot day in and day out on the campaign trail. Her schedule is very aggressive. We hear Donald Trumpoften saying,  Oh, she is taking a nap in the middle of the day.  That s not true. She has a very rigorous campaign schedule.( ) Stelter later connected with Zeleny for the following exchange   which had nothing to do with the episode Clinton experienced on Sunday that showed her knees buckling while falling into her security van with aides catching her before potentially injuring herself   around an older tabloid photo instead of discussing the situation at hand.Translation: Nothing really to see here, so let s deflect the conversation to a completely irrelevant point.STELTER:  You know, they had that horrible   let s be honest, Jeff, they had this horrible photo on the cover of that supermarket tabloid. Clearly, Hillary was Photoshopped in the picture. I thought it was disgusting.And yet, even though there are these conspiracy theories, which we should not give oxygen to, saying that she is secretly ill, suggesting she is on her deathbed, which we can she is not, there are legitimate questions to ask by reporters. And I think that s the distinction here to make.ZELENY: Right. It is a distinction, no doubt about it. Like I said, she has released more information than Donald Trump has, but both of them have released far less than John McCain did and Barack Obama did, than Mitt Romney and Barack Obama did, going back much beyond that.But the picture on the tabloid did looked doctored. I see her most every day. That looked nothing like her. And she has joked about it, Brian. I think we saw her on TV STELTER: Yes, good point.ZELENY:   a couple weeks ago saying, you know, look, they ve predicted that I would be on my deathbed by October and I m still here. So she has made humor of this. And I think that this could go one of two ways here. If the other   if her critics keep this up and criticize her, this could certainly motivate and inspire some of her supporters as well here.But we see her waving there, again. She s scheduled to go to California tomorrow. She will be on the West Coast for three days this week. As of now, her schedule is going forward here, Brian.On Thursday, for example, I flew with her all day as she left the airport in Westchester around 10:00 a.m. after a press conference and we returned at 11:00 p.m. She had a couple different campaign stops, a couple different fundraising stops and working along the way. So she is keeping up a rigorous pace here.But there are going to be questions about her health. In this incident, this episode, this situation this morning in Manhattan is just the latest example of that. The fact the Clinton campaign putting out this statement this morning saying that she felt overheated at Ground Zero and was taken to her daughter s apartment certainly is the information we have right now at this hour, Brian. The report would end there.The trip to California has since been cancelled.Takeaway: Stelter never broaches during any of these live reports   big ones considering the news here   that other prominent doctors, including President Obama s ex-physician of more than two decades   made the recommendation recently that Clinton should take a neurological exam.Obama s physician, who gave him a clean bill of health before the 2008 election and is widely respected, was Dr. David Scheiner from 1987 until his election in 2008. Scheiner isn t a Trump fan, but instead a Clinton supporter who said the Republican nominee  scares the devil out of him. There are a number of questions I have,  said Dr. Scheiner to CNN s Erin Burnett in mid-August.  First of all, she s also 68 years old, and while I think that letter was well-written and very professional, unlike Dr. Bornstein s [Donald Trump s doctor], it s not enough. For example, she s on Coumadin, a medication to prevent blood clots,  he continued.  You have to monitor that and it says she s being monitored regularly. I d like to know how well she s being controlled. That s a difficult drug to use. But here s the part Stelter   a media reporter whose job it is to present the full story   has curiously omitted in his numerous television appearances pontificating on the topic of Clinton s health which he has continually dismissed as conspiracy theories: Also, I think she should have had a neurological examination, a thorough neurological examination in 2016,  recommended Scheiner.  We know what happens to football players who have had concussions, how they begin to lose some of their cognitive ability, I think both [Trump and Clinton] should release their records. On Twitter, I asked Stelter   who had repeatedly made the argument that any questions raised about Clinton s health status are strictly those of Drudge, Fox s Sean Hannity, Breitbart and the alt-right   why he has ignored the prognosis of the president s own ex-physician who made said recommendation on CNN primetime to much press reaction afterward:@brianstelter The former ex-physician of the president saying Hillary Clinton should have a neurological exam on CNN air is cherry-picking?  Joe Concha (@JoeConchaTV) September 11, 2016In reviewing transcripts of several Stelter appearances on the topic, the media reporter and critic not only has failed to present Dr. Scheiner s conclusion, but also none of the other top doctors who have come forward to state Clinton needs further medical analysis, scrutiny and transparency as well   and there are plenty to cite.Short version: The  conspiracy theories  that Stelter has characterized in the form of reporting dozens of times on air and in print around Clinton s health had gone well beyond right-wing media and Trump surrogates before Sunday s episode and should have been a legitimate concern worthy of questioning, as noted several times in this space over the past few weeks Continue this story at the HillREAD MORE ABOUT PROBLEMS AT CNN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire CNN Files",0
22479,Boiler Room EP #74 – Dustification & The Crooked Witch of the Left,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Jay Dyer from jaysanalysis.com,  Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East and Stewart Howe of 21Wire for the 74th episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in some Boiler Room with the crew. This week we re continuing the 9/11 discussion one step further. Also, lets not forget #SickHillary #CrookedHillary, we d be remiss if we didn t do our best to dissect this series of anomalies being thrown around the media with regards to the health of the Crooked Witch of the Left.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Reference Links:",0
22480,"Is Hillary’s Meltdown Real, or a Staged Exit?","21st Century Wire says As shocking and controversial as Hillary Clinton s recent public  health  incident may seem, there s something oddly convenient about the near perfect proximity and position of the viral video footage, as well as other scenes   like her nurse assistant squeezing her fingers in full public view. One would expect the campaign would want to conceal these extremely embarrassing moments from the media.Clearly, there is more going on here than meets the eye, or not?https://twitter.com/DBloom451/status/775810589125775360Some further medical commentary from FOX News regular Dr. Zuhdi Jasser:   ",0
22481,No Longer a Fantasy: Could Hillary Clinton Actually Drop Out of the Race?,"21st Century Wire says US Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton is reported to have fainted during a major 9/11 Memorial service in New York City this past Sunday. She was promptly removed from the event by her campaign staff, but video footage later emerged showing Clinton being carried into her custom transport van.Now the media is buzzing with the question: is Hillary Clinton fit enough for the Oval Office? More importantly, can she stay on the campaign trail?As expected, the Clinton campaign is vehemently downplaying any health concerns, insisting that the former Secretary of State is  absolutely fine. The following is a video mix of this bizarre campaign scene, where Mrs. Clinton is lifted by multiple staffers and security into her van, and also notice at the 48 second mark where a small item drops from her right pant leg onto the pavement below. Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCx0x0rigeQ . What would happen if she bowed out? Who would replace her? Is this a real possibility, or is this simply the latest in a long line of sensational rightwing media reports designed to further distract and divert the American public away from important key issues facing America?Here is former Huffington Post journalist David Seaman, who was recently fired and his work censored (and scrubbed from the internet) by the Huff Post for reporting on Clinton s health issues. Watch as he reveals Wikileaks  Clinton Email Archive,  which reveal additional information Clinton s health problems:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ren0vHuq-1A . Probing further into the possibility of Hillary Clinton actually dropping from the US Presidential race is award-winning health journalist and media analyst Jon Rappoport  Jon Rappoport No More Fake NewsI ve written about her health problems before, including the blood-thinning Coumadin she s taking. And the blood clots. And the advisory against flying, because new life-threatening blood clots can occur.I wrote and I still say Democrat power players would go along with electing her even if she was dragged into the Oval Office dead on arrival. They don t care.After Hillary s fainting spell at the 9/11 memorial, the Washington Post, that organ of unquestioned truth, grants that it s now acceptable to ask polite questions about her health. Well done, boys. You re really going out on a limb. Thanks so much.I think it s time for major media to take an overt stand about Hillary:  She may be very sick, dangerously so, but it s still a crime to emphasize that because it s sexist, and besides, untoward publicity could allow Trump to slip into the White House, and besides, our news organization has donated to the Clinton Foundation, and besides, she s Hillary and we all know and love her and we don t want to think about something bad happening to her because then we would cry. I would accept that statement. Hillary s public coughing fits. The physical instability. The fainting. The handler, Todd Madison, walking out on stage, putting his hand on her, telling her to keep talking, as if she s forgotten what s going on. You have to conclude her doctors have tried everything they can to keep her upright and functioning, and if this is best they can do, she s in bad shape.Hillary dropping out of the race for the Oval Office is no longer a fantasy. It could happen. If it does, the media will swing into gear and try to demand a delay in the election.There is no basis for such a demand, because both major Parties can pick their candidate on their own terms. The Democrats, for example, as we ve seen, can rig the vote and secretly back Hillary from the beginning and cook up propaganda to defeat Bernie Sanders. They can choose a slew of so-called super-delegates who owe nothing to the voters and, instead, support whoever they want to (Hillary). So if she drops out, the Democrat leaders can simply decide, again, without consulting voters, who the substitute is. Kaine? Biden? Sanders? Elizabeth Warren? Michelle Obama? Rachel Maddow? Karl Marx?No doubt, some progressive pundit will suggest Obama should stay in office for a while, because he has the experience, he s Presidential, he s done such a magnificent job in his two terms, his mission is unfinished (he must get the TPP treaty ratified), we need him to continue the dialogue on race in the post-racial society, he knows how to bypass Congress with a blizzard of executive orders, he can figure out a way to admit millions more illegal immigrants to these shores, he backs Black Lives Matter, and he knows how to talk about fake employment numbers and pretend they re real.The Democrats and their supporters will go on a victim binge: woe is us, Hillary our leader has fallen, we re crippled (differently abled), we need time to regroup, we can t be expected to make a snap judgment, who cares about constitutional rules governing elections, this is really serious, we have to decide what s best for The People and we have to find a way to pay off Bernie Sanders so he stays in hiding and keeps his big mouth shut.I, for one, would like to see Trump vs. Bernie. Socialist vs. Capitalist. They could do three debates on Globalism and its horrendous effects on America, at which point the public would realize they both claim to perceive the gargantuan threat, albeit from different angles.Hillary was the unabashed queen bee of Globalism.At any rate, you can bet that, as we speak, media giants are taking private briefings on how the election season would proceed if she drops out. They re preparing their talking points and tall stories and outright lies. All somehow culminating in a Democrat Party victory this November, come hell or high water. After Congressional leaders begged President Obama to stay on for several months, he reluctantly agreed, saying:  Well, I do have sixty or seventy executive orders drawn up and ready to go, so perhaps I could bring the country a little closer to the future we envision. We re all in this together. The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED, EXIT FROM THE MATRIX, and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX, Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails atNoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22482,‘Is Donald Trump Really the Answer?’,"21st Century Wire says Is Donald Trump the answer? Is anyone the answer?Here s an interesting conversation in New York City, with author David Icke and Luke Rudkowski from We Are Change, talking about the adoption of Donald Trump and Islamophobia by popular, well-financed  alternative media  outlets, and the challenges of remaining truly independent. Watch: ",0
22483,Tyranny Of 9/11: The Building Blocks Of The American Police State From A-Z," No one man can terrorize a whole nation unless we are all his accomplices.    Edward R. MurrowJohn W. Whitehead Huffington PostWe ve walked a strange and harrowing road since September 11, 2001, littered with the debris of our once-vaunted liberties.Over the past 15 years, we have gone from a nation that took great pride in being a model of a representative democracy to being a model of how to persuade the citizenry to march in lockstep with a police state.What began with the passage of the USA Patriot Act in October 2001 has snowballed into the eradication of every vital safeguard against government overreach, corruption and abuse.This is not freedom. This is a jail cell. Set against a backdrop of government surveillance, militarized police, SWAT team raids, asset forfeiture, eminent domain, overcriminalization, armed surveillance drones, whole body scanners, stop and frisk searches, roving VIPR raids and the like all of which have been sanctioned by Congress, the White House and the courts our constitutional freedoms have been steadily chipped away at, undermined, eroded, whittled down, and generally discarded.Our losses are mounting with every passing day.Free speech, the right to protest, the right to challenge government wrongdoing, due process, a presumption of innocence, the right to self-defense, accountability and transparency in government, privacy, press, sovereignty, assembly, bodily integrity, representative government: all of these and more have become casualties in the government s war on the American people, a war that has grown more pronounced since 9/11.Since the towers fell on 9/11, the American people have been treated like enemy combatants, to be spied on, tracked, scanned, frisked, searched, subjected to all manner of intrusions, intimidated, invaded, raided, manhandled, censored, silenced, shot at, locked up, and denied due process.In allowing ourselves to be distracted by terror drills, foreign wars, color-coded warnings, underwear bombers and other carefully constructed exercises in propaganda, sleight of hand, and obfuscation, we failed to recognize that the true enemy to freedom was lurking among us all the while.Indeed, the U.S. government now poses a greater threat to our freedoms than any terrorist, extremist or foreign entity ever could. Here s an A-to-Z primer to spell out exactly what government tyranny means post 9/11.A is for the AMERICAN POLICE STATE.B is for our battered BILL OF RIGHTS.C is for CIVIL ASSET FORFEITURE, a diabolical governmental scheme to deprive Americans of their liberties, namely, the right to property.D is for DRONES, weaponized, equipped with lasers, tasers and scanning devices, and aimed at  we the people. E is for ELECTRONIC CONCENTRATION CAMP in which all citizens are suspects, their activities monitored and regulated, their movements tracked, their communications spied upon, and their lives, liberties and pursuit of happiness dependent on the government s say-so.F is for FUSION CENTERS, which serve as a clearinghouse for information shared between state, local and federal agencies. These fusion centers can constantly monitor our communications, everything from our internet activity and web searches to text messages, phone calls and emails.G is for GRENADE LAUNCHERS and GLOBAL POLICE. Take small-town police forces, equip them with enough firepower to render any citizen resistance futile, and then enlist them to be part of the United Nations  Strong Cities Network program, and you not only have a standing army that can operate beyond the reach of the Constitution, but one that is part of a global police force.H is for HOLLOW-POINT BULLETS. The government s efforts to militarize and weaponize its agencies and employees is reaching epic proportions, with federal agencies as varied as the Department of Homeland Security and the Social Security Administration stockpiling millions of lethal hollow-point bullets.I is for the INTERNET OF THINGS. This  connected  industry propels us closer to a future where police agencies apprehend virtually anyone if the government  thinks  they may commit a crime, driverless cars populate the highways, and a person s biometrics are constantly scanned and used to track their movements, target them for advertising, and keep them under perpetual surveillance.J is for JAILING FOR PROFIT. Having outsourced their inmate population to private prisons run by private corporations, this profit-driven form of mass punishment has given rise to a $70 billion private prison industry that relies on the complicity of state governments to keep their privately run prisons full by jailing large numbers of Americans for inane crimes.K is for KENTUCKY V. KING, a ruling that opens the door to warrantless police raids, leaving Americans with little real protection in the face of all manner of abuses by law enforcement officials.L is for LICENSE PLATE READERS, which enable law enforcement to track the whereabouts of vehicles, and their occupants, all across the country.M is for MAIN CORE, the U.S. government s database of 8 million or more names and information on Americans considered  threats  to the nation who should be rounded up in times of national emergency or under martial law.N is for NO-KNOCK RAIDS. More than 80,000 of these paramilitary raids are carried out every year more than 200 SWAT team raids every day and all in the pursuit of someone merely suspected of a crime, usually possession of some small amount of drugs.O is for OVERCRIMINALIZATION, which has resulted in an uptick in Americans being arrested and jailed for such absurd  violations  as letting their kids play at a park unsupervised, collecting rainwater and snow runoff on their own property, growing vegetables in their yard, and holding Bible studies in their living room.P is for PATHOCRACY and PRECRIME, tyranny at the hands of a psychopathic government. Couple that with the government s burgeoning precrime programs, and anyone seen as opposing the government whether they re Left, Right or somewhere in between becomes a potential extremist.Q is for QUALIFIED IMMUNITY, which allows officers to walk away without paying a dime for their wrongdoing.R is for ROADSIDE STRIP SEARCHES and BLOOD DRAWS. The courts have increasingly erred on the side of giving government officials especially the police vast discretion in carrying out strip searches, blood draws and even anal probes for a broad range of violations, no matter how minor the offense.S is for the SURVEILLANCE STATE. On any given day, the average American going about his daily business will be monitored, surveilled, spied on and tracked in more than 20 different ways, by both government and corporate eyes and ears.T is for TASERS and other nonlethal weapons, which enable police to aggress with the push of a button, making the potential for overblown confrontations over minor incidents that much more likely.U is for UNARMED CITIZENS SHOT BY POLICE. No longer is it unusual to hear about incidents in which police shoot unarmed individuals first and ask questions later, often attributed to a fear for their safety.V is for VIPR SQUADS, which are tasked with carrying out so-called  soft target  security inspections whenever and wherever the government deems appropriate, at random times and places, and without needing the justification of a particular threat.W is for WHOLE-BODY SCANNERS. Using either x-ray radiation or radio waves,scanning devices and government mobile units are being used not only to  see  through your clothes but to spy on you within the privacy of your home.X is for X-KEYSCORE. One of the many spying programs carried out by the NSA that targets every person in the United States who uses a computer or phone.Y is for YOU-NESS. Facial recognition software promises to create a society in which you can be tracked based on your face, mannerisms, social media and  you-ness. Z is for ZERO TOLERANCE, in which young people are increasingly viewed as suspects and treated as criminals by school officials and law enforcement alike, often for engaging in little more than childish behavior. The lesson being taught to our youngest and most impressionable citizens is this: in the American police state, you re either a prisoner (shackled, controlled, monitored, ordered about, limited in what you can do and say, your life not your own) or a prison bureaucrat (politician, police officer, judge, jailer, spy, profiteer, etc.).As I make clear in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People, the reality we must come to terms with is that in the post-9/11 America we live in today, the government does whatever it wants, freedom be damned.The choices before us are straight-forward.We can live in the past, dwell on what freedoms we used to enjoy and shrug helplessly at the destruction of our liberties.We can immerse ourselves in the present, allowing ourselves to be utterly distracted by the glut of entertainment news and ever-changing headlines so that we fail to pay attention to or do anything about the government s ongoing power-grabs.We can hang our hopes on the future, believing against all odds that someone or something whether it be a politician, a movement, or a religious savior will save us from inevitable ruin.Or we can start right away by instituting changes at the local level, holding our government officials accountable to the rule of law, and resurrecting the Constitution, recognizing that if we fail to do so and instead follow our current trajectory, the picture of the future will be closer to what George Orwell likened to  a boot stamping on a human face forever. ",0
22484,SUNDAY SCREENING: National Security Alert: The Pentagon Attack (2009),"21st Century Wire says Our weekly documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE.Aside from the collapse of WTC Building 7, a major achilles heel in the official 9/11 version of events is tale of a passenger airliner hitting the Pentagon. The following independent investigative documentary may offer some key insight into this incident, and depending on whether you believe its findings are credible   may even prove beyond a doubt that no Boeing passenger airliner struck the Pentagon on September 11, 2001.To date, it remains one of the most compelling presentations illustrating what happened, or more precisely   what did not happen on 9/11. Watch: SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERE",0
22485,"Episode #152 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘From Ground Zero to Syria’ with guests Tom Duggan, Jay Dyer, Shawn Helton","Episode #152 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this Sunday September 11, 2016 as host Patrick Henningsen broadcasts a 4 HOUR SPECIAL of LIVE power-packed talk radio on ACR LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:SUNDAYS   5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US)This week s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is on the road broadcasting LIVE from the Valley of the Sun. This week host Patrick Henningsen covers this week s top stories internationally, including today s marking of the 15 Year Anniversary of the Attacks of Sept 11, 2001   a day when we remember all of the victims of the tragic event, but also when ask important unanswered questions about what really happened that day. In the first hour we re joined by investigative, Shawn Helton to discuss his thoughts and reflections on 9/11, and also the release of Reagan gunman John Hinckley Jr. Also in the first hour, we ll connect with Syria-based independent correspondent Tom Duggan to hear more of his eyewitness account of The Battle of Aleppo and what is happening with the latest Syria ceasefire agreement signed between Russia and the United States in Geneva this week. In the third and fourth hour, we re joined by writer and analyst, Jay Dyer, author of Esoteric Hollywood, to talk about  September 11th  and what it means in terms of American mythology, the national and global psyche, the madness of Neoconservative operative Paul Wolfowitz, and what this means in American society and the geopolitical theatre in the 21st century.SHOUT POLL: Should US/UK/EU-funded White Helmets receive a Nobel Peace Prize?Strap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world  *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Direct Download the Most Recent Episode// <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt;Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives   ",0
22486,OUT IN THE OPEN: ‘9/11’ 15 Years Of A Transparent Lie,"21st Century Wire says One of the most elaborate crimes of the century continues to be whitewashed   SMOKE SCREEN    Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton There are many doorways into the crimes of 9/11. After the attacks on the Pentagon and World Trade Center, President George W. Bush called for the creation of remote control systems in commercial airliners in the event of an emergency. By design, this technology would grant air traffic controllers, along with other government entities, the ability to control an aircraft   and steer it towards its final intended destination.Based on history, we know that the Flight Management Systems within Boeing models have been capable of assisting the entire flight through its remote autopilot functions since at least 1984, well before Bush s politically motivated calls for remote control flights in the aftermath of 9/11.From the mid-1980 s, the coded software on the plane would send data to ground control stations, accepting any return flight information or auto-land command. In addition to civilian aircraft being flown remotely before it was acknowledged, the U.S. Air Force apparently constructed an F-106 Delta Dart fighter to be controlled remotely on a combat mission in 1959 under the direction of the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD).There has been an endless dispute over the how of 9/11 and the who, as well as the various methods used to carry out the crimes of that day. There s an even heavier debate over what brought down WTC Building 7 and since then, other 9/11  rabbit holes  have also challenged the nature of the planes said to be involved in both New York and Washington DC.Whether you re curious and bold enough to head down that path is a whole different matter, but the fact remains, the technology to take over a commercial flight existed long before 9/11.Whatever your thoughts are concerning planes on 9/11 it s still worth noting that even the mainstream media admitted at the time that there was, no evidence of a plane at all,  following the destruction of a portion of the Pentagon s western side.Indeed, 15 years on, there are still many more question than there are plausible answers.More from Paul Craig Roberts below   Einst rzende Neubauten    A single day has shaped the modern world. (Image Source: downtownexpress)9/11: 15 Years Of A Transparent LiePaul Craig RobertsThere are many conspiracy theories about 9/11. The US government s own explanation of 9/11 is a conspiracy theory in which a few Saudi Arabians outwitted the American national security state. Little doubt that many of the more imaginative conspiracy theories were created for the purpose of stigmatizing any skepticism, no matter how well reasoned and supported, of the official story.When thinking about 9/11, it is important to differentiate expert opinion from improbable explanations.Among the expert opinion are 2,600 structural engineers and high-rise architects who comprise Architects & Engineers for 9/11 truth and have written to Congress asking for a real investigation, Firefighters for 9/11 truth, Pilots for 9/11 truth, physicists and chemists who analyzed the dust from the twin towers and report finding reacted and unreacted materials used in controlled demolitions, and former government officials who understand that a security failure as great as 9/11 would have produced an immediate and exacting investigation.These groups of qualified and experienced people say that the official story of 9/11 is false.  Architects, engineers, and scientists say that the official story is physically impossible. Firefighters and WTC maintenance personnel say that there were numerous explosions within the towers and that the first explosions were in the sub-basements prior to the buildings being hit by airplanes. Experienced military and civilian pilots say the maneuvers of the aircraft are beyond the capability of the alleged hijackers. Both co-chairman of the 9/11 Commission and the legal counsel have written books in which they have said that information was withheld from the Commission, that the US government lied to the Commission, and that the Commission was set up to failIn other words, the hard evidence simply does not support the official story.We know that the official story is false. We don t know who is responsible or the purpose the event was intended to serve. However, circumstantial evidence strongly supports suspicion of the neoconservatives whose high positions in the government would have enabled them to succeed with a false flag attack and to delay and divert any investigation until the official story was set in stone. We also know from the  dancing Israelis  that elements in the Israeli government had advance notice of the attack as Israeli agents were set up ready to film the destruction of the twin towers.More from Paul Craig Roberts here READ MORE 9/11 NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 9/11 Files",0
22487,"SYRIA CEASEFIRE? Lavrov, Kerry Agree to Fight Al-Nusra, No Strikes on ‘Rebels,’ Aleppo Relief","21st Century Wire says After a long drawn out round of bilateral peace talks in Geneva Switzerland this week, Russia and the United States announced a plan for a 48 hour ceasefire in Syria, scheduled to take effect at sundown Monday.Incredibly, the cornerstone of this agreement rests on Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and US Secretary of State John Kerry, both agreeing (for now anyway) that they would both be targeting the terrorist  opposition  force, Al Nusra Front (al Qaeda in Syria, supported covertly by both the Saudi Arabia and the US/CIA) who recently  rebranded  themselves to  Jabhat Fateh Al-Sham  in cynical desperate move to avoid being targeted by military airstrikes.Back in May, when another ceasefire was proposed, 21WIRE warned that it was only a ploy by the US to buy more time for  rebels  to re-arm and repair broken rat lines from Turkey into northern Syria. That turned out to be 100% correct, despite the fact the western media outlets were duped by Washington s desperate diplomatic ploy   reinforced by a multi-million dollar, New York City-based PR campaign targeting social media and funded by George Soros and others, which was marketed using the tagline #AleppoIsBurning.Are we seeing more of the same this week in Geneva?For a comprehensive analysis on what this latest temporary ceasefire agree really means, and where it could be heading, watch his excellent segment featuring political analyst Ammar Waqqaf. Watch: According to Kerry, the plan is to ensure that Syrian government forces will not carry out combat missions where the so-called moderate opposition is present.Speaking of fight against Al-Nusra and its efforts to blend with moderate rebels, Kerry stressed  going on Al-Nusra is not a concession to anybody  but  is profoundly in the interests of the US. 'Going on Al-Nusra is profoundly in the interests of the US'   #Kerry https://t.co/1MeCyNAvE5 #LavrovKerry #Syria pic.twitter.com/fjvctBZJFa  RT (@RT_com) September 9, 2016Kerry also outlined an establishment of the Russian-US Joint Implementation Centre (JIG) that would serve the purpose of delineation of territories controlled by Al-Nusra and opposition groups in the area of active hostilities. Taking the floor, the Russian FM confirmed that Russia and US had agreed to coordinate airstrikes in Syria,  provided there is a sustained period of reduced violence. The first step toward the implementation of this clause will be a 48-hour ceasefire in Syria, Lavrov said.Lavrov elaborated that the ceasefire comes into effect on September 12 and should last for at least seven days.( ) Despite the mistrust and attempt to disrupt what we have agreed upon, we managed to work out a package of documents, there are five of them. It allows us to set an effective coordination in the fight against terrorism, to expand the humanitarian access to distressed population, first and foremost in Aleppo,  Lavrov said.Due to the sensitive nature of the information contained in the agreements, they will not be made available to general public, Lavrov said. We cannot make these documents public. They contain rather serious, sensitive information. We don t want it to fall into hands of those who would surely try to disrupt the implementation of the measures stipulated within in the framework of humanitarian delivery supplies and in other parts of our agreements. Continue this article at RTREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22488,"BUSH-HINCKLEY NEXUS: Reagan Gunman Released, Reviving Conspiracy Suspicions","Shawn Helton 21st Century WireOn the eve of the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 Attacks, the man implicated in shooting the 40th President of the United States will be released from captivity after 35 years.The attempted assassination of US President Ronald Reagan is one of the most infamous crimes of the 20th century. Like the assassination of JFK, it was an act that will forever be shrouded in conspiracy, intrigue and mystery.  CALCULATED CRIME    Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn HeltonAlthough it s been over three decades since John Hinckley Jr. reportedly shot Reagan and three others at the Washington Hilton Hotel in the spring of 1981, many questions regarding the traumatic event continue to persist to this day.The importance of this dramatic incident should be emphasized, as it revealed a rather uncanny family connection between the Bush family and the Hinckley family, highlighted by a series of strange circumstances prior to the shooting itself, as well as a crime scene that was largely left unexplained   A DARK DAY    According to analysts and researchers such as John Judge, Reagan had already been struck under his left arm after raising his left arm to the crowd outside the Hilton Hotel. Image Source: (lawabsolute) The Reagan Shooting Prior to being shot outside the Washington Hilton Hotel on March 30th, 1981, Reagan had been giving a speech to the Building and Construction Trades Department of the AFL-CIO. During that builders speech, Reagan outlined a budget cut plan that received a restrained response from those concerned over union jobs according to reports. Contrary to most mainstream reports about the incident, Reagan s exit on the south side of the Hilton on Florida Avenue following his speech, as we ll find out later, was anything but routine.According to the official story, Hinckley is stated to have crouched and fired a .22 caliber R hm RG-14 revolver during a rainy afternoon in the nation s capital.Reagan, his press secretary, James S. Brady, Secret Service agent Timothy J. McCarthy and District of Columbia policeman Thomas K. Delahaney, had all been shot in a sea of reporters, Secret Service members, police and plain clothes police, as well as unknown spectators at the location according to NBC cameraman Shelly Fieldman, one of those who filmed the chaotic ambush as it happened.The assassination attempt occurred just 69 days into the Reagan presidency and the apparent motive seemed born out of a Hollywood studio back lot, as Hinckley was supposedly trying to impress actress Jodie Foster by reenacting would-be-assassin Arthur Bremer s assassination attempt on then Presidential candidate, George Wallace, which in turn was fictionalized for Martin Scorsese s motion picture Taxi Driver, a film that co-starred Foster. Evidence of a note to Foster is said to have materialized out of Hinckley s room at the Washington Hilton Hotel following the shooting.  PLANTED STORY?    An all to familiar Hollywood narrative grafted onto a crime   was Hinckley inspired by an actress and a film? (Image Source: upi)Incidentally, in 1992, George Wallace Jr. asserted that President Richard Nixon s campaign had prior knowledge of Bremer s whereabouts before the shooting of his father, something which prompted the family to call for a new investigation. The complaint emerged after an article appeared in New Yorker magazine stating that Nixon and one of his aides had talked about planting George McGovern s campaign literature in Bremer s apartment.According to other reports,  The plan had to be dropped because the F.B.I. quickly sealed the apartment, according to the article. George Wallace s top aide Elvin Stanton, was later on record stating that government insiders may have been involved in a conspiracy to take Wallace out of the 1972 Presidential race. So was there a larger conspiracy behind the attempt on Reagan s life?  STAY-BEHIND - Vice President George Bush seen here with Rita Clements first lady of Texas Governor Bill Clements, Texas Secretary of State George Strake and Dallas Congressman Jim Collins on an Austin tarmac waiting on Reagan s prognosis. (Image Source: dallasnews)Absent from the shocking scene at the Hilton, was Vice President George H.W. Bush, who had traveled to Fort Worth to dedicate a historical plaque at the Fort Worth Hyatt Regency. After news of the failed assassination on Reagan, he continued travelling to Austin to speak at the Tarrant County Convention Center   to talk with the Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association. Some researchers have stated that Bush was waiting on the tarmac in Austin not only to learn of Reagan s prognosis, but to possibly be sworn in as Reagan s successor, if the commander-in-chief did not survive the shooting.Incidentally, the Fort Worth Hyatt Regency where Bush had been on March 30th, was once known as Hotel Texas, the same hotel that President John F. Kennedy stayed at On November 21, 1963   one day before being assassinated in Dealey Plaza.On March 24th, at the behest of National Security Adviser Richard Allen who was in command of the Situation Room, Reagan appointed Bush as the head of his  crisis management  team less than a week before the attempt on his life. Allen s National Security Council team was tapped to provide support for Bush s crisis squad.Amid a contentious atmosphere between  Bush loyalists  and Reagan loyalists  at the White House, Secretary of State Alexander Haig famously declared,  I am in control here. This prompted some to suggest that the move was an erroneous PR faux pas and at worst a grab for power while Reagan was being treated for injuries at the hospital. Others have suggested that Haig, was merely protecting the Reagan-led White House until an investigation into all elements of the shooting could be completed. Additionally, some also believed his comments may have been taken out of context in relation to an actual succession of the presidency.According to the author Dr. Peter Knight, Haig, Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger and others were aware of an apparent North American Air Defense Command (NORAD) exercise set to take place on March 31st, 1981,   the very next day after the shooting. However, due to concern about the  timing  of the NORAD operation, amid the turbulent political wake of the Reagan shooting, the White House supposedly canceled it.Some five hours later after the shooting Vice President Bush arrived in Washington. While there should have been a lengthy investigation given the nature of the crime itself, the shooting was ruled an isolated incident, without conspiracy, according to the newly tapped leader of the White House crisis management team.  RAWHIDE S EXIT    The Secret Service code name used for Reagan was Rawhide. Though it was reported that agents maintained a diamond-shaped security formation surrounding Reagan, some suggest the group s alignment went askew as the President walked out in the open towards the limousine which was parked away from the exit.  (Image Source: pbs.org)On the morning of March 30th, Reagan had apparently been advised that wearing a protective vest was not necessary because there would be minimal  public exposure  after his speech from the hotel and to the limousine and that there were no credible threats for safety that day.Reportedly, after being hit Reagan had been delayed on the way to the hospital and apparently according to well-known researcher John Judge, he was slated to be brought to Bethesda Medical Center but allegedly due to the coloration of his face and the blood he d been coughing up, he was transported to the much closer George Washington University Hospital   though Brady was said to have arrived several minutes before Reagan.Interestingly, even though initial reports stated Reagan  was never in any serious danger,  nothing could have been further from the truth, as Reagan reportedly lost  3,400 cubic centimeters of blood,  or about 3.7 quarts, there are 5 or 6 quarts held in an average body.According Dennis S. O Leary, dean of clinical affairs at GWU Hospital Reagan had a  relatively simple procedure,  receiving a fresh frozen plasma transfusion. Dr. Frank C. Spencer, chief surgeon at New York University Medical Center, was quoted as stating the following when asked about Reagan s health,  Why would you give that amount of blood if he was not in a life-threatening situation and the patient s life was no in serious danger? Additionally, some have asserted that the cold blood or frozen plasma used to save Reagan, could have potentially caused other health problems for the President.On another note, Secret Service agent Joe Trainor, who was tasked with gathering evidence at the hospital after the shooting, oddly stated that Reagan s wound, was no bigger than a paper cut,  and a thin dime-sized fragment was given to the FBI for processing.Here NBC cameraman Fieldman is interviewed by host and journalist John Chancellor on NBC Nightly News, discussing details of the incident. Notice that one of the still images appears to depict a bullet hole in the back of the limousine Unexplained ForensicsAll of shooter Hinckley s bullets could be accounted for according to the FBI, and gunman had deadly accuracy, supposedly landing out 4-6 shots on those at the scene, if you are to believe the official story.John Judge explained the following concerning the various pathways concerning Hinckley s apparent  Devastator  bullets, primarily used by air marshals to thwart hijackers in the 1970 s: Hinckley had six bullets in the gun. One hit Delahanty, a cop, and threw him to the ground by nicking, grazing his shoulder and neck. Another one into the groin of Agent McCarthy, a 160 pound man, it lifted him up and threw him back to the other end of the limousine. Another bullet, the initial bullet fired by Hinckley, hit Mr. Brady in the head, knocked him to the ground and did considerable brain damage. One bullet nicked the windshield of the limousine. One bullet went into the Universal office building across the street and one bullet went into the trunk of the car and you can see when you look at photos closely very clear hole, and not a ricochet or a scar mark but a hole going into the car penetrating the outer metal wall. The bullet that hit Reagan hit him by all accounts at an early point. Judge concluded, as others have contended, there was a second shooter at the Hilton Hotel located in the  Bushy Knoll  (a term Judge coined), as the limo waiting for Reagan was some 40ft down the curb. Reagan was allegedly shot, as Judge stated,  [with] a very specific weapon developed by the intelligence agencies which is a CO2 propelled fleshet.  This would account for the thin slit reported by Secret Service and others.Here s a description of the Devastator or exploding bullet from the National Center for Biotechnology Information: It should also be noted that individuals can easily obtain instructions for the creation of their own bullets. The most infamous use of such bullets was the attempted assassination of President Reagan in 1981 by John Hinckley, who used  Devastator  bullets (Bingham Limited, USA) composed of a lacquer sealed aluminium tip with a lead azide centre designed to explode on impact. Although frequently referred to in works of fiction, they are rarely encountered in forensic practice, because sales have been restricted following the incident in 1981.   POSING WITH GUNS    Several images surfaced during Hinckley s trial depicting heavy-handed symbolism for dramatic effect. (Image Source: nydailynews)Releasing Hinckley?Though Hinckley would later be declared not guilty by reason of insanity, he was ordered to have ongoing treatment as a forensic patient at St. Elizabeth s hospital located in the southeast quadrant of the nation s capital.Flash forward more than three decades Over this past summer, it was reported that the 61-year-old Hinckley would be released from St. Elizabeth s maximum security mental hospital. Here s a passage from a mainstream media report that discusses the latest developments in the case and the court s reason for release: Judge Paul L. Friedman of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia wrote in his opinion that Mr. Hinckley, 61, no longer posed a danger to himself or others. The report continued adding that,  Since 2014, Judge Friedman has allowed Mr. Hinckley to have 17-day stays in Williamsburg, where he has voluntary jobs doing landscaping at a Unitarian church and working in the library and cafeteria of a psychiatric hospital. Interestingly, Judge Friedman has banned Hinckley from corresponding with news media and has allowed the infamous shooter access to drive a 30-mile radius from Williamsburg  unaccompanied  in addition his ability to drive to monthly hospital appointments in the Washington DC area.Whether you believe the official story of the Reagan shooting or not, it is unconscionable to think that a person reportedly responsible for shooting a president, along with other law enforcement agents and a White House cabinet member, could see the light of day after such a high-profile crime.Hinckley s release will only serve to highlight the bizarre series events associated with the attempt on Reagan s life, which many believe has been covered up to this day.  ASSASSIN S CREED    Hinckley seen posing in front of Ford s Theater, the site of Abraham Lincoln s assassination. (Image Source: rawhidedown)Bush-Hinckley Family TiesThe Houston Post reported, the Hinckley s reportedly made large contributions to Vice President Bush s political campaign.According to the former dean of the University of Montana School of Journalism Nathaniel Blumberg the events of March 30th, were far from uncovered.The following is a passage from his book  THE AFTERNOON OF MARCH 30: A Contemporary Historical Novel, where Blumberg discussed the Bush-Hinckley connection made by NBC s John Chancellor: John Chancellor, eyebrows raised, informed the viewers of NBC Nightly News that the brother of the man who tried to kill the president was acquainted with the son of the man who would have become president if the attack had been successful. As a matter of fact, Chancellor said in a bewildered tone, Scott Hinckley [brother of John Hinckley Jr] and Neil Bush [brother of George W. Bush] had been scheduled to have dinner together at the home of the vice president s son the very next night. According to the Missoulian, Blumberg called it a contemporary historical novel, and it centered on his belief that Neil Bush   son of President George H.W. Bush   and his wife Sharon were co-conspirators in John Hinckley s attempt to assassinate President Ronald Reagan in 1981. On March 9th, 1985, in an article entitled  New novel questions probe of Reagan shooting,  published by UPI, Blumberg s self-published novel,  The Afternoon of March 30th,  also discussed the following: The Hinckley oil company was warned, just hours before the shooting, that it faced a $2-million fine for overpricing oil. The possible charges were never mentioned after Hinckley s attempt.  The widely accepted official story that Hinckley was trying to get the attention of actress Jodie Foster was based entirely on a letter that Hinckley was said to have written, but which the public and the media never saw. Additionally, Scott Hinckley was a Vice President for John Hinckley Sr. s Vanderbilt Energy and was reportedly friends with Neil Bush who had been working for AMOCO, in Denver. The Bush s Zapata Oil was said to have  bailed out  Vanderbilt Energy some time during the 1960 s.Other interesting connections concerning Hinckley were made by the Lubbock Avalanche-Journal: The club records, mementos, and clippings that normally mark a student s passage through a university are nonexistent in the case of Hinckley. Official university transcripts and records were taken by Texas Tech administrators almost by the time President Reagan and the other victims reached a hospital Monday. Continuing, the journal outlined another curious connection in the Bush-Hinckley nexus: Jim Francis, operations manager of the Dallas oil firm Brighton Co., and a fundraiser for Gov. Bill Clements, was Hinckley s basketball coach in the fourth through sixth grades. In 1974, the Hinckley s moved from Texas to Evergreen, Colorado, while John Jr. reportedly stayed behind. However, prior to the Reagan shooting, Hinckley s primary home was listed in Evergreen.Other investigators have gone even further by citing the work of John Judge   in support of a clear case for George H W Bush as the assassin of President Ronald Reagan.Hinckley was said to have had no criminal record before being arrested previously in Nashville, Tennessee   by Metropolitan Airport Police in Nashville on Oct. 9, 1980, for carrying firearms. That same day, then President Jimmy Carter, was holding a town hall meeting at the Grand Ole Opry, while Reagan reportedly cancelled a stop in Memphis during that time frame.The guns confiscated at the time included a .38 and two .22-caliber pistols according to officials. Although the Hinckley s issued a statement about their son s mental health issues following the Reagan shooting, Nashville authorities could not find any information related to him being mentally ill in the past.Below is a montage of several clips discussing Hinckley s background and his family s relationship to the Bush family   ABC s Charles Murphy discusses mysterious phone calls that Hinckley received each day at a phone booth while staying at a motel in Denver A touch of irony, the young man walking with the elder Hinckley is 30-year-old Scott Hinckley, John Jr. s brother, he and Vice President Bush s son Neil, are friends, they had planned to have dinner together in Denver tonight   the plans have been cancelled   Stephen Geer ABC News   SHOCK & AWE    During Reagan s campaign he often criticized Bush for being linked to the globalist designs of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission. (Image Source: pinterest)A Shooter s Odyssey: Lone Gunman & Parallel PlotsAs 21WIRE has covered in recent years, very often there is much more involved behind-the-scenes when it comes to sensationalized shootings in America, particularly of those said to be  lone wolf , or lone gunman events. The incidents themselves are quickly taken out of the political and forensic realm, giving way to a hyper-realized account, often defying logic and reason. Though simple elements of a shooting may defy explanation, authority actors will rapidly emerge with emotionally charged narratives along with some evidence; the grafting of parallel motives viewed in other crimes, the stacking of circumstantial evidence, a ready-made  manifesto  or gripping photographic imagery used to direct perception.The Hinckley case, like other more modern mass shootings and the shootings of JFK, RFK and MLK (as well as John Lennon who was killed by Mark Chapman who worked for the Hinckley linked organization World Vision), was certainly no exception.Below, researcher and writer John Judge takes through the winding conspiracy surrounding the attempt on Reagan s life. Watch carefully, as he pieces together one of the most enigmatic crimes of the 20th century Here s a news compilation of the reportage concerning the Reagan assassination attempt In SummaryOverlapping political narratives often dovetail a crisis, staged or otherwise, and the shooting of Reagan (as with other events) was no different, as tension was building in Europe there were critical new developments abroad and according to the CIA,  [ by] mid-November 1981, Haig sent President Reagan a memorandum outlining the implications of what he described as a  peaceful revolution  underway in Poland under the leadership of Solidarity, the national trade union. Interestingly, Haig, who was believed to have protected the Reagan Administration during the March 30th shooting, saw the situation change, as the so-called peaceful revolution ended abruptly in December when the Polish regime imposed martial law throughout the country to challenge the movement. However, that event in Poland is accepted by most historians as one catalyst which eventually led to an end to the Iron Curtain, and then the Soviet Union.In a world full of foreign policy game changers, sudden shifts in international narratives may contain valuable clues to solving some of history s most perplexing events. And another story begins READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter Files",0
22489,"21WIRE.TV Members Newsletter – Sept 9, 2016",21st Century Wire says If you have only recently joined us as a subscriber and member at 21WIRE.TV let me take this opportunity to say THANK YOU for coming on board   your support is helping us to continue building and improving this independent media operation SEE OUR MEMBERS NEWSLETTER & GLOBAL REPORT HERESupport Our Work by Subscribing and Becoming a Member @21WIRE.TV,0
22490,"WMD FRAUD: Sexed-up UN ‘Chemical Weapons’ Report on Syria Contrived to Trigger More Sanctions, Intervention","21st Century Wire says When the UN  released its summary of their  chemical weapons  report on August 30th, the usual suspects   led by the US, UK and France, immediately rushed to their media pulpits to claim that this was  proof  that Syria, under the leadership of President Bashar al Assad, was somehow guilty (again) of the charge of  using chlorine bombs against its own people.  This latest UN report was the result of a year-long joint inquiry with the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. Before the full report was even released, western officials and their media surrogates began hysterically claiming that it was imperative for the UN Security Council to move for more sanctions against Syria, to impose a  Safe Zone  (No-Fly Zone) and to possibly give more license to increasing US-led military intervention in Syria. When confronted with the summary of the yet-to-be released report, Russian Ambassador to the UN, Vitaly Churkin, came straight out of the gates, stating it was wrong to jump to conclusions before actually reading the report, replying simply,  There are a number of questions which have to be clarified before we accept all the findings of the report. Russian Ambassador to the UN, Vitaly Churkin.This week the full report was finally released, and as it turns out   Russia s Churkin was 100% correct. The report, as with many other US-led attempts to fabricate cases of weapons of mass destruction against governments it wishes to depose, seems at the very least to be sexed-up, and at most   a completely fraudulent assessment of events on the ground in Syria. The only real conclusive findings in this report point to ISIS using sulfur mustard gas in Syria. Once again, the West, led by the United States, has attempted to position what appears to be another fabricated case against the Syrian government   and place that in the same report next to real findings of a malicious ISIS chemical weapons attack   in a somewhat crude attempt to conflate the two (ISIS and Assad) in the court of public opinion.Even worse than attempting to falsely attribute chemical weapons attacks to Syria and Assad, the UN is also guilty of ignoring witness testimonies that have said  chlorine attacks  were in fact staged by western-backed  rebels  (see details and assessment of the UN report below). POWELL & POWER: Same  WMD  fraud, different target nation. You could tell that a desperate agenda was in play judging by the over-the-top and leading statements made by US, UK and French representatives before the report was released two weeks ago.Of course, leading the charge, with a her summary of the yet-to-be released fraudulent assessment in hand, was R2P hawk and US Ambassador to the UN, Samantha Power, who insisted that Syria must  pay a price . She added, It is incumbent on the council to act swiftly to show that when we put that Joint Investigative Mechanism in place we were serious about there being meaningful accountability. Once again, just like Colin Powell before her, and as with Iraq  the west brazenly touts another dodgy dossier, custom-made for yet another humanitarian stitch-up. British UN Ambassador Matthew Rycroft also joined-in the diplomatic pantomime, saying the UK is calling for the imposition of a sanctions regime and some form of accountability within international legal mechanisms. French UN Ambassador Francois Delattre demanded a  quick and strong security council response  and said,  We need a resolution with teeth.  Back in August 2013, Western and Saudi-backed  rebels  launched an elaborate media-driven  WMD  hoax also designed to assign blame to the Syrian Government for  sarin gas  attacks in East Ghouta, Damascus. Western newspapers ran photos of Assad with headlines like,  Now They re Gassing Their Own Children (image, above). On the back of that stunt, both the US and the UK even went so far as to press for a declaration of war vote in both their parliaments. Unfortunately for their military industrial complexes, the public did not buy it, but that hasn t discouraged them to keep on trying.What s more shocking however, is why the United Nations would allow its name to be attributed to such a fraudulent and misleading document   one that is clearly designed to bolster another bogus case for western military intervention. In the end, this type of self-interested abuse and manipulation by certain UN Security Council members only serves to damage the credibility of the UN as an international arbiter and the institution as a whole (maybe that s part of the West s agenda too).Verdict: The  evidence  presented in the UN report derives hearsay reporting only from  activists  and  rebels (listed terrorist groups), in effect, lowering the bar so that absolutely no burden of proof is required by accusing parties.Considering what is at stake, and knowing full-well just how the US, UK, France and its NATO allies have demonstrated they are willing to conjure any report of  chemical attacks by the regime  and will hold this up as a violation of Barack Obama and Washington s ethereal Red Line    this is leads immediately to calls to mount another  humanitarian  intervention.Joining in the party also, are the West s new instruments of war: high-profile  human rights  charities with links the US State Department. One such organization, Human Rights Watch, whose CEO Ken Roth has already been seen on multiple occasions tweeting fake Syria images in order to build the case for  regime change ,  called on the UN Security council to renew its resolution referring Syria to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. Louis Charbonneau, UN director at Human Rights Watch stated, Russia and China don t have a leg to stand on by continuing to obstruct the Security Council,  he said,  The Security Council diminishes its importance if it doesn t take strong action against demonstrated use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government.  To learn more about  Human Rights  NGOs are being used to support western imperial objectives read 21WIRE s detailed report on this subject:AN INTRODUCTION: SMART POWER & THE HUMAN RIGHTS INDUSTRIAL COMPLEXMore on the Washington s latest dodgy dossier from award-winning journalist Robert Parry Robert Parry  Consortium NewsUnited Nations investigators encountered evidence that alleged chemical weapons attacks by the Syrian military were staged by jihadist rebels and their supporters, but still decided to blame the government for two incidents in which chlorine was allegedly dispersed via improvised explosives dropped by helicopters.In both cases, the Syrian government denied that it had any aircraft in the areas at the times of the purported attacks, but the U.N. team rejected that explanation with the curious argument that Syria failed to provide flight records to corroborate the absence of any flights. Yet, if there had been no flights, there would be no flight records.The U.N. team also dismissed out of hand the possibility that jihadist rebels who had overrun some air bases and thus had operational helicopters at their disposal might have used them as part of a staged event designed to incriminate the Damascus regime and thus justify U.S. or other outside military intervention.Another problem with the U.N. team s findings is that the home-made chlorine bombs had minimal military value, inflicting relatively few casualties and only a handful of deaths.Why the Syrian government, which was under intense international pressure regarding alleged chemical weapons use and was in the process of surrendering its stockpile of such weapons, would have jerry-rigged a handful of homemade bombs and dropped them for no discernible military effect makes little sense.However, since Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has been thoroughly demonized over his harsh reaction to an uprising that began in 2011, pretty much any accusation against him   no matter how unlikely or implausible   is widely accepted in the mainstream Western media and political circles. In other words, the U.N. team was under pressure to reach a guilty verdict.Accusations of StagingYet, the evidence from at least one of the incidents examined by the U.N. team suggests that an attack on Al-Tamanah on the night of April 29-30, 2014, might well have been staged by rebels and then played up by activists through social media. Seven witnesses stated that frequent alerts [about an imminent chlorine weapons attack by the government] had been issued, but in fact no incidents with chemicals took place,  the U.N. report stated.  While people sought safety after the warnings, their homes were looted and rumours spread that the events were being staged.   [T]hey [these witnesses] had come forward to contest the wide-spread false media reports. Accounts from other people, who did allege that there had been a government chemical attack on Al-Tamanah, provided suspect evidence, including data from questionable sources, according to the U.N. report.The report said,  Three witnesses, who did not give any description of the incident on 29-30 April 2014, provided material of unknown source. One witness had second-hand knowledge of two of the five incidents in Al-Tamanah, but did not remember the exact dates. Later that witness provided a USB-stick with information of unknown origin, which was saved in separate folders according to the dates of all the five incidents mentioned by the FFM (the U.N. s Fact-Finding Mission). Another witness provided the dates of all five incidents reading it from a piece of paper, but did not provide any testimony on the incident on 29-30 April 2014. The latter also provided a video titled  site where second barrel containing toxic chlorine gas was dropped tamanaa 30 April 14 Some other witnesses alleging a Syrian government attack offered curious claims about detecting the chlorine-infused  barrel bombs  based on how the device sounded in its descent.The U.N. report said,  The eyewitness, who stated to have been on the roof, said to have heard a helicopter and the  very loud  sound of a falling barrel. Some interviewees had referred to a distinct whistling sound of barrels that contain chlorine as they fall. The witness statement could not be corroborated with any further information. As in other cases that were investigated, the U.N. team demanded that the Syrian government provide flight records to support its denial that any of its aircraft were in the air in that vicinity at the time of the attack. The Government of the Syrian Arab Republic stated that no military activities were conducted from land or air in Al-Tamanah on the dates of the incidents, but did not provide any records of flight operations to support this statement,  the U.N. report said.In the Al-Tamanah case, the U.N. team judged the evidence insufficient to reach a firm judgment regarding who was responsible. However, in two other cases, in Talmenes in April 2014 and Sarmin in March 2015, the U.N. team accused the Syrian military of dropping chlorine-infused  barrel bombs. Investigative LimitationsYet, regarding all eight cases that were examined, the U.N. team acknowledged significant limitations on its ability to investigate.The report said,  As was the case with the Fact-Finding missions, the lack of access to the locations under investigation due to the dire security situation on the ground affected the manner in which the Mechanism [a committee from the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons] was able to conduct its investigation. Visits to certain locations would have facilitated the ability of the Mechanism to (a) confirm and access specific locations of interest; (b) collect comparative environmental samples; (c) identify new witnesses; and (d) physically evaluate the material of interest to the Mechanism (e.g., remnants). Other challenges and constraints include the following factors: (a) the time period that had elapsed since the incident (i.e. in some cases, more than two years since the incident); (b) the lack of chain of custody for some of the material received; (c) the source of information and material was of secondary or tertiary nature; (d) some of the information material, including those depicting the size and nature of the incident, were misleading; (e) finding independent sources of information that could provide access to individuals and information material proved difficult; and (f) the impact locations were not preserved and were compromised by the time they were recorded (e.g., the videos and photographs of the impact locations were taken days after the incident and in many cases after the remnants had been removed from the impact location). In other words, the U.N./OPCW investigation was compromised by its inability to conduct an effective on-the-ground assessment and was forced to rely on witnesses who were often allied with the rebel forces or sympathetic to the political opposition to President Assad.This problem is reminiscent of what happened inside the U.S. Intelligence Community in the run-up to the U.S. invasion of Iraq when some 18 witnesses   supposedly  defectors  from Saddam Hussein s regime   became  walk-ins  who presented claims about the Iraqi government s supposed weapons of mass destruction.CIA analysts debunked some of these bogus claims and traced some of the deceit to the machinations of the pro-invasion Iraqi National Congress (INC), but   given the political-and-media hatred of Saddam Hussein   the CIA analysts were under intense pressure to accept some of the dubious accounts that were then incorporated into U.S. intelligence products and used to justify a war under false pretenses.As with Iraq   where the U.S. government had helped fund anti-regime groups such as the INC   a similar situation exists inside Syria where U.S. officials have assisted the  opposition  in organizing politically and mastering propaganda skills. So, the means and opportunity for depicting regime  atrocities  through social media are there, along with the motive.These activists   as well as the radical jihadists and other armed rebels   have become increasingly desperate to induce the United States to intervene militarily against the Syrian army and thus make their desired  regime change  possible. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Aug. 30, 2013, claims to have proof that the Syrian government was responsible for a chemical weapons attack on Aug. 21, 2013, but that evidence failed to materialize or was later discredited. [State Department photo]Obama s Red LineThe emphasis on creating a chemical weapons casus belli increased when President Barack Obama set the Syrian government s possible use of such weapons as a  red line  that might cause him to intervene directly with U.S. forces.That comment and the political pressure for instituting another Mideast  regime change  were the backdrop for the sarin gas attack outside Damascus on Aug. 21, 2013, which anti-Assad activists, the mainstream U.S. press, and the U.S. State Department immediately blamed on government forces.In the ensuing days, Obama came to the edge of authorizing a retaliatory military strike before hearing from U.S. and other Western intelligence services that they had doubts about who had actually pulled off the attack.Since then, the sarin case against Assad has largely collapsed (although to defuse the crisis he agreed to a Russian plan for Syria to surrender all its chemical weapons). The evidence now appears to indicate that radical jihadists released the sarin with the goal of goading Obama into joining the war on their side, i.e., a false-flag operation.As the sarin case fell apart in 2014, the U.S. government shifted its emphasis toward chlorine-gas allegations. I first encountered this bait-and-switch tactic when I pressed a senior State Department official to back up or back off the increasingly discredited sarin gas claims.While sidestepping the sarin case, the official asserted that the Syrian government almost surely was responsible for the more recent chlorine-gas incidents, citing the bombs  delivery by helicopter and arguing that only the Syrian government possessed such aircraft.According to the U.N. report, however, that belief regarding the government s monopoly of helicopters may not be true, since rebel forces had captured air bases where operational helicopters were present. That means, at least theoretically, the jihadists could have staged the night-time attacks   complete with prior alarms spread by activist first-responders, known as  white helmets,  about the imminent arrival of  government  helicopters with chlorine bombs.But the more nettlesome question, which the U.N. report does not address, is why would the Syrian government launch these strange attacks while realizing that any chemical weapons incident could prompt U.S. military intervention that could tip the war in favor of the jihadists and other rebels, especially since the chlorine attacks had virtually no military value.Few FatalitiesWhile the makeshift chlorine bombs may have sent scores of civilians to get medical attention, very few of the casualties were fatal, according to the U.N. report. By contrast, the Aug. 21, 2013 sarin attack killed hundreds, with the U.S. government putting out an even higher (and almost surely exaggerated) number of 1,429 dead Continue this report at Consortium NewsREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22491,Boiler Room EP #73 – In The Shadow of The Valley Of Lies,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Jay Dyer from jaysanalysis.com, Jamie Hanshaw author of Weird Stuff, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, Patrick Henningsen of 21Wire and Stewart Howe for the 73rd episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in some Boiler Room with the crew. This week we re discussing the 15 year anniversary of 9/11 and going around the room talking about where were were when it happened and how our thoughts on the event have evolved over the years.Please like and share the program and visit ACR s donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLITICALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Reference Links:",0
22492,"False Alarm or Psy-Op? LAX ‘Active Shooter’ Spectacle, JFK Airport Panic & Staged Propaganda","Shawn Helton 21st Century WireAnother active-shooter  false alarm  made the headlines this past week, as war propaganda images continue be dispensed by Western media   multiple narratives that have contributed to an environment of confusion, fear and uncertainty in the War On Terror era.The timing of these current events cannot be overstated, revealing a deeper social engineering agenda at play underneath the larger geopolitical drama unfolding worldwide   PULP FICTION    Photo illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton The Nonexistent Shooter &  Loud Noises This past weekend, according reports, another  active shooter  scenario played out at LAX International Airport, a story which dovetailed an alleged active-shooter hoax at JFK International Airport earlier in August. CBS s Los Angeles affiliate CBSLA, described the latest incident at LAX in the following passage: The LAX Airport Police Department on Sunday discounted reports of a shooter at the airport saying loud noises apparently set off a panic. Several terminals were evacuated. Many people went on social media to say they were standing on the tarmac surrounded by tons of police.The incident was first reported just after 8:30 p.m.The LA Airport PD cannot confirm an active shooter was ever identified. The CBS article continued by discussing eyewitness accounts of the alleged active shooter event at LAX, as well as JFK airport, two incidents which oddly resulted in the same bizarre conclusion out of law enforcement   as the panic was supposedly caused by loud noise: Earlier this month, JFK officials said an elaborate hoax was perpetuated there, as well. Reports of a shooter at JFK were discounted as bogus, according to the New York Times.KCAL9 Anchor Leyna Nguyen was at the airport returning to Los Angeles from Atlanta. She said it was  surreal  to see so many people running.LAFD is also on scene investigating and noted  no significant incident has been noted thus far  as of 8:47 p.m.At of 9:40 p.m., police officially said there was no shooter and no incident. It will still take some time to re-screen all the passengers, officials said. Interestingly, even though individual accounts of this week s LAX event varied, a Yahoo News reporter named JP Mangalindan, stated that he was in the terminal at the time of the shooting. However, following the panic inducing incident, he posted to social media with the following message, after police had already confirmed there was  no shooter  two hours earlier: Shooters at LAX running around. Cops running around. I m down on the ground,  at 11:51pm.Question: Why would Mangalindan state that multiple shooter s were  running around  at 11:51pm when cops disclosed that the situation was basically a non-incident by 9:40pm?It s possible that Mangalindan was confused during the heat of the moment but however you look at it, his messages may have caused additional panic, potentially creating a greater risk for passengers fleeing the airport to safety.Here s a string of tweets confirming Mangalindan continued to heighten the situation from inside LAX Eventually Mangalindan conceded that the event was in fact a false alarm (was this a potential drill?) at 1:08am, according to the Daily Mail  as he readied himself for a future pizza delivery.As this story rapidly unfolded, there proved to be other bizarre aspects associated with the official narrative, as a man dressed as the fictional character Zorro (armed with a plastic sword), was initially apprehended in dramatic fashion following the reported active shooter scenario at LAX. He was then promptly released by authorities after the strange incident.  ZORRO?    An unidentified actor dressed as Zorro was an initial suspect during an active-shooter alarm at LAX. (Image Source: Daily Mail)Active Shooter or Live Drill?The Daily Mail described the LAX false alarm in the following manner: An actor returning from an audition dressed as masked hero Zorro, complete with plastic sword, shut down LAX airport and sparked fear of an active shooter situation on Sunday night.The unidentified, middle-aged black man dressed in an all black satin costume with gloves, hat and large belt was apprehended on a bench as he waited  for a ride home .Police were initially responding to claims that a man had opened fire near a baggage reclaim, and set about evacuating thousands of passengers and grounding flights.After a thorough search and the eventual arrest of the costumed man outside a terminal, LAPD admitted the entire incident was a false alarm. The Daily Mail article continued by adding that, LAX also tweeted that the reports of a shooting had not been confirmed and police were investigating, before adding which parts of the airport have been shut. Upper/Departures & Lower/Arrivals levels of Central Terminal Area (CTA) closed. Pls check w/ airlines if heading to LAX (sic),  a tweet read. Was it possible that the event at LAX was a drill?  EVACUATION    Passengers ordered to evacuate after reports of an active-shooter at LAX. (Image Source: twitter)LAX International Airport is no stranger to active shooter situations and drills Back in 2002 according to reports,  Hesham Mohamed Hadayet [a person previously known to Egyptian authorities with multiple ID s] 41, went to the ticketing counter of El Al, Israel s national airline, at Los Angeles International Airport July 4 carrying two handguns and a hunting knife. He opened fire at midmorning, killing two people and wounding three others before he was killed by an El Al security guard. The incident occurred days after the airport was slated for a $9.6 billion airport security  redesign proposal,  something that would require passengers to go through screening prior to reaching their terminal for boarding a plane. The event conveniently underscored new security measures put in place after 9/11, insuring the continued growth of the TSA. Additionally, the Hadayet shooting displayed many of the conflicting aspects reported following other high profile shootings today.In 2013 21WIRE reported that the LAPD conducted an  active shooter drill  in October with the Los Angeles Airport Police Department at the L.A./Ontario International Airport, acting out an almost exact scenario that played out during a TSA-related shooting at LAX in November.According to a report by the San Bernardino Sun, written by Doug Saunders, the active shooter drill had an  armed man  shooting  three people  before officers locked down the scene.  THE AIRPORT SHOOTER    LAPD shooting drill at L.A./Ontario International Airport, month prior to LAX shooting in November of  2013.Setting the StageFollowing a major LAPD airport drill a month earlier, it was reported that Paul Ciancia moved through a crowded LAX airport terminal asking people if they were  TSA  agents or not, supposedly letting go those who were not agents prior to opening fire.It was also alleged that Ciancia, was carrying  anti-government and anti-TSA  writings contained in a bag on his person, one such paper was even an apparent reference to the global conspiracy meme NWO (New World Order), adding a conspiratorial twist to the dramatic shootout.All too often we see the  stage persona of any alleged killer being touted as hard evidence, despite the fact that even strong circumstantial evidence of any apparent crime would likely result in many hours of analysis and debate, potentially without a definitive conclusion, even if the evidence eventually reached a court room setting.Mass media appeared to have worked out their own formula for laying out a familiar series of polarizing political points in the aftermath of this  tragic  mass-shooting, as they have with many others since. Appearing once again, to purposefully redirect the public to look at a ready-made laundry list of hateful rhetoric and random writings as an ironclad motive for the crime. Rapidly descending into an overindulgent barrage of media speculation and theorizing.  UNNATURAL BLOOD    Incredibly thick, red acrylic paint-like blood appears next to what is meant to be the  shooter    allegedly a person said to be Paul Ciancia. The image in question was initially released by the NY POST immediately after the incident.Some critics of the event stated that Ciancia s blood could have been mixed with a coagulant called Celox, noting that this blood also looked suspiciously like the blood left at scene of the Boston Bombing.Watch the LAPD describe 2013 s dramatic TSA involved shooting which was allegedly carried out by Paul Ciancia Not more than 3 weeks ago  we practiced the exact scenario that played out today   we played out today.    the LAPD s response to 2013 s LAX shooting The photographs below were obtained from a Facebook page by the name of Team LAX that was referenced in an article by Digital Journalism Saturday, November 2nd, 2013.The Team Lax page, is the official event page for the LAX Airport Police and the images below were posted on October 8th of 2013. Here s a description of the photos from the same post on Facebook: As we posted previously, this past weekend Airport Police officers participated in an active shooter drill at Ontario Airport. An integral part of this training were the many volunteers who brought reality to the scenario by acting as victims. These  victims  were actually Youth Cadets from Airport Police and several divisions of the LAPD. The LAPD cadets came from the following divisions: Pacific, Hollenbeck, Southwest, Mission, Devonshire, Hollywood, West L.A., Topanga, Central, Rampart, Wilshire and 77th. Leading the cadets were Youth Services Officers (YSO s), William Lara and Ericka Holliday from LAXPD and LAPD Sgt. Stephen Showler, Pacific Division Training Coordinator. 69 cadets participated on Saturday and 115 on Sunday. We d like to thank all the Youth Cadets for their participation and boundless energy in making this training so realistic for our officers.   MOCK SHOOTING    Youth Cadets with L.A. airport police act out an  active shooter drill  in October of 2013. (Image Source: SocioEconomic History).The actors used in these  drills  (photo, above) might as well be mannequins, because the idea that you can recreate a real-life defensive strategy from a choreographed shooting scenario is far-fetched, especially when you consider the video game, Hollywood film style, hair-trigger,  shoot first  narrative repetitively on observed during these staged events   offering very little in terms of a defensive game plan.There is no question that active shooter drills have been used to get the public to accept and acquiesce to new  rules of engagement  in the War On Terror era and arguably, they ve flatlined in terms of public safety   while continuing the steady growth of the security apparatus in America and abroad.  SHELTER IN PLACE    The strange scripted scene at JFK International Airport in August after false reports of an active shooter running loose. (Image Source: mashable)The Panic RoomWhile the recent LAX/JFK airport active shooter situations were fear inducing in and of themselves, we once again saw the larger role played by mass media in distorting fact, which was also on display earlier this summer, when they inaccurately claimed there was an active shooter at a US military facility.In July of 2016, while US media including ABC, CNN and other   went into a code orange alert mode for over 2 and a half hours, 21WIRE had already recognized that an apparent  active shooter  situation at Joint Base Andrews was only a drill, and called it correctly when the news first broke.Here s a passage from 21WIRE discussing the nature of the Joint Base Andrews drill: We re told that initial reports of a  active shooter  were prompted by an emergency 911 call to outside law enforcement about a gunman seen on the base. The fact that this alleged  distress call  came from a  staff member  at the Malcolm Grow Medical Facility located inside Andrews (one of the country s most secure closed military facilities) should have raised some pertinent questions   like why base security were not informed first, as one would expect. Furthermore, any reports by the US mainstream media characterizing the event as a genuine  active shooter  crisis should have been immediately squashed by the fact that Joint Base Andrews was also running a no-notice  Active Shooter Exercise scheduled for 9am that morning. Sadly, this did not happen, and all US media outlets began their crisis reporting   complete with the usual panel of security  experts  and  justice correspondents on CNN and other mainstream networks. In an article from the LA Times, we see that the controversial think-tank Rand Corporation is observing the psychological effects of mass shooter/active shooter situations, no doubt gauging the social engineering aspects of these events: For all the investments in post-9/11 security improvements and training, the confusion and chaos stemming from a false report of violence can actually be harder to handle than dealing with a gunman, officials say. The hunt for a gunman takes much longer when there is no one to find. To keep people calm, you d like to say that there s nothing going on, but you don t know that, and you can t say that,  said Brian Jenkins, a security and terrorism expert at Rand Corp., the Santa Monica think tank. People do unpredictable things in panic situations. Adding to the danger of these modern active shooter events, it was recently reported that local law enforcement in Punta Gorda, Florida, accidentally used live rounds during a so-called  shoot/don t shoot  scenario, fatally shooting one woman participating in the drill that suddenly went live. Punta Gorda Police Department (Facebook)Staged Propaganda, False Imagery & Embedded Journo s As staged active shooter drills and mass casualty incidents have become the norm, we ve also seen an escalation in war time images meant to polarize the public, something aimed at shifting attitudes politically.In February 2015, 21WIRE reported how British journalist John Cantlie s video message  From Inside Aleppo  was part of an elaborate PR effort to  humanize  ISIS and its future generation of fighters. The decidedly pro-ISIS video was heavily promoted by the intelligence group SITE as well as the ISIS media arm, Al Hayat Media Center.Mainstream pundits and broadcast journalists maintain that  Cantlie  is and was under duress, having been forced into operating as a crack reporter for the ISIS terror brand. The narrative borders on the ridiculous, yet it has been totally accepted without question.Cantlie s prominent role in the YouTube video series  Lend Me Your Ears,  prompted some in new media circles to question the British journo, along with his links to USAID connected reporter, James Foley   one of the as of yet, forensically unproven deaths at the hands of the estranged terror persona Jihadi John .Nothing in the video appeared to be authentic, as Cantlie failed to disclose the true nature of the West s role in inciting terror in the region, through its various  arms trafficking and  Train and Equip  programs linked to so-called  moderate  rebels in Syria.Recently, 21WIRE contributor Branko Mali  of Kali Tribune, deconstructed another active Gladio-style shooting in Munich, Germany, and its apparent relation to the bizarre incident in Nice, France. In fact, rather uncannily, journalist Richard Gutjahr, was in France to capture the white lorry truck rampage on Bastille Day as well as the strange shooting incident in Munich. Here s a passage from his report, an article which outlines deep media and political ties: He [Richard Gutjahr] is a M nchen based journalist, talk show moderator, blogger and  new media technologies  enthusiast, currently employed by Bavarian TV company, BR 24. For uninitiated into Gutjahr s impressive, if somewhat bizarre, CV his name will probably remain in memory simply because he decided to visit Nice for an  extended weekend  to experience the July, 14. Bastille Day celebration and, quite accidentally, found himself on the balcony of his hotel room, when white lorry driver commenced his rampage. While driving through M nchen, Richard got the call from a friend informing him that there s a shootout in the Olympia-Einkaufszentrum.The whole episode reminds one of Goran Tomasevic, a Serbian photographer who works with Reuters and has also captured pivotal political events over the past 20 years, such as his picture of a U.S. Marine witnessing the toppling of a Saddam Hussein statue, the Arab Spring, so-called moderates in Aleppo and the suspiciously staged Westgate Mall massacre in Kenya in 2013.Similarly, new forms of subliminally arresting and deceptive propaganda have appeared recently in Western media and more broadly, over the past year from NGOs linked to the military alliance NATO and to known Islamist terrorist groups.Over the last two weeks, an emotionally charged scene supposedly depicting a Syrian child rescued after an airstrike became a polarizing story exploited by Western media.Here we see 21WIRE contributor, Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis discuss the dust boy propaganda Aleppo Syria  Dust Boy  Image StagedWhile watching the entire video footage of the event, the dust-covered boy who appears to be bleeding after an apparent airstrike (yet the blood has already coagulated) is left unattended, as he is oddly propped up in an ambulance seat while being photographed by Mahmoud Raslan   an alleged  media activist  who has been seen fraternizing with terrorist groups in Aleppo. This has prompting some critics to charge that Raslan may actually be linked to the White Helmets, a group funded largely by NATO and an NGO embedded with Al-Qaeda members, who regularly dispense staged humanitarian media images and video for public consumption.From this information, we might observe that the recent so-called rescue operation in Aleppo, was specifically produced for maximum emotional impact and internet viral capability, and always dovetailing with the West s regime change plot in Syria   with the support of a so-called  first-responder  or  human rights  NGO.The strange and disembodied footage of a blood and dust-covered boy, was also reminiscent of last year s migrant crisis image of a child washed ashore   yet the mainstream media failed to question the geopolitical angle behind the photograph as well as the engineered migrant crisis itself.In many ways, this type of drive-by  shock and awe  imagery is linked to past political staging in the Middle East, as well as other hotbed areas around the world. STAGING WAR    An allegedly staged war image from the Ukraine. (Image Source: rt)It was also recently revealed that a war image in the Ukraine had supposedly been staged just as things have been politically been heating up in that region. RT explains:The dramatic picture in question which went viral this month shows two Ukrainian soldiers, carrying their wounded comrade, while a huge explosion is visible behind their backs, sending a plume of smoke into the air.The author of the photo Dmitry Muravsky, an amateur photographer who served as an adviser to the Ukrainian Defense Minister claimed it was made on June 4 in the village of Shirokino, located on the firing line between the government forces and rebels in east Ukraine.However in an open letter signed by numerous Ukrainian journalists and photographers, people claimed it was a fake and said they strongly condemn such manipulative activities. Interestingly, in 2014, The UK s Express discussed a book entitled Five Came Back by movie historian Mark Harris that revealed a handful of legendary Hollywood directors had  faked combat footage in  Second World War documentaries that have been considered genuine for almost 70 years. John Ford, John Huston, Frank Capra, William Wyler and George  Stevens all enlisted despite their  glittering Hollywood lifestyles and joined other filmmakers recording the Allied advance across occupied Europe and in the Pacific.Their films were allegedly created to  boost morale among troops and cinema audiences  the world over, including apparently staging much of the epic scenes during the Pearl Harbor attack in 1944.Additionally, the report states that  Decades later both Capra and Huston admitted in interviews that some of their bogus work was  disgraceful  but  Huston was less frank publicly about the authenticity of his acclaimed documentary The  Battle Of San Pietro, which, in 1991, was selected for America s  prestigious National Film Registry of the Library of Congress because it was considered historically significant. The West continues to see a media blitz of false, fake and doctored criminality often masking many real-life conspiracies READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter Files ",0
22493,Boiler Room EP #72 – Trailer Parks in Heaven,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Jay Dyer from jaysanalysis.com, Jamie Hanshaw author of Weird Stuff, Branko Mali  of Kali Tribune, Randy J of 21Wire 72nd episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in some Boiler Room with the crew. .Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Reference Links:",0
22494,EPISODE #4 – ON THE QT: ‘Julian vs Hillary’ (Part 1) @21WIRE.TV,"Listen to the first 30 min segment of this new fortnightly podcast,  ON THE QT , hosted by Patrick Henningsen. This new show brings together a number of news stories not covered on the SUNDAY WIRE, as well as additional deep state and geopolitical analysis   covering key international events   as we read between the headlines.THIS WEEK: Julian Assange is about to drop another Wiki-bomb on the Clinton family s drive to power. What s behind it, the motivations, and will it derail the Clinton political machine?  We ll also look at how rigid politically correct regimes transforming university campus life  Listen to Episode 4  Part 1 (25 min 30 sec) for FREE on the audio player below. Enjoy the show TO HEAR PART ONE OF EPISODE #4  CLICK HEREIf you like it and would like to hear the FULL episode, as well as enjoy all our premium content for members, subscribe and become a member @21WIRE.TV",0
22495,POLICE STATE END-RUN: DHS Wants Control of U.S. Elections,"21st Century Wire says Here s a classic case of Problem, Reaction, Solution How far will the federal government go to dismantle the US Constitution? Back in 2000, the establishment rigged the US Presidential Election and made Florida and its notorious pregnant chads the centerpiece of that artificial controversy. Predictably, the public reaction is outrage. Suddenly, there are calls nationwide for electronic voting as the solution to the old  inefficient  paper ballot system.Now that electronic voting is all-pervasive in the US, the next problem becomes  cyber security    which the government is referring to as the next burning national security issue.Enter the relatively new and prohibitively expensive Department of Homeland Security (DHS), which ironically (or not) was created by one George W. Bush   a president who was installed into power not by the popular vote, but by a dubious Supreme Court decision in that very same 2000 US Presidential Election. Now DHS head and Obama appointee Jeh Johnson, is nudging towards the idea of the domestic military force taking over the election process. Johnson claims that US elections are part of the country s vital infrastructure and therefore it must be under the control of an already bloated federal agency.What is wrong with a decentralized, traditional paper ballot system? If you are in the business of fixing elections, the answer is simple: paper is too difficult, sloppy and complicated... to hack.It s no coincidence at all that this latest power-grab by the federal government comes immediately after a mainstream conspiracy theory that Russia was somehow behind this week s election database  hack  in Arizona (once again, Putin did it). No proof has been offered by either politicians or media anchors presently parroting this latest sensational plot.Looking back, we can see now that years of excessive lobbying by Washington insider firms eager tosecure lucrative contracts  by implementing a myriad of fatally flawed electronic voting systems  was not a mere accident of nature. It was designed for this very police state end-run we see now.The only problem is that this would be unconstitutional, but does this government really care about constitutional law?Not when you are erecting a police state Barbara Hollingsworth CNS NewsHomeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson s suggestion that state and local voting systems be designated as  pieces of critical infrastructure  so that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) can protect them from hackers is unconstitutional and would create a dangerous precedent, legal experts said. The Department of Homeland Security does not have the legal authority to interfere with states  election systems without their permission,  University of California/Berkeley School of LawProfessor John Yoo told CNSNews.com. While the federal government has the general power to protect the nation s cyber infrastructure, it cannot intrude into areas of state sovereignty without clear constitutional mandate. Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution recognizes the authority of the states to regulate the times, places, manner of elections, subject to congressional regulation. As far as I am aware, Congress has not clearly decided to regulate the information systems of state electoral systems or delegated this authority to DHS,  Yoo noted Continue this story at CNS NewsREAD MORE POLICE STATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Police State Files",0
22496,SpaceX: Explosion Rocks Launchpad at Firm’s Cape Canaveral Facility in Florida," 21st Century Wire says The  privatization of space,  and what were formally state-run NASA space agency projects in the United States, has had its share of high profile controversy in recent years. Today s incident will only punctuate some of those concerns.Early this morning, we re told that an explosion took place at the Launch Complex 40 site in Florida managed by SpaceX, a private space contractor firm founded by billionaire Elon Musk.It s not clear what the exact cause of this accident was, but it s certain that it s directly related to the Falcon 9 rocket which SpaceX was set to deploy as part of a test launch this weekend, leading to the final launch of a new commercial satellite. Watch:Washington PostAn explosion at a SpaceX launch site at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida occurred shortly after 9 a.m. Thursday, Brevard County authorities said.A SpaceX rocket blew up during a test fire, the county s emergency operations center said in a tweet.  There is NO threat to general public from catastrophic abort during static test fire at SpaceX launchpad at CCAFS this morning,  it said.Bryan Purtell, a spokesman for the Air Force 45th Space Wing, confirmed that there was an explosion and said that emergency crews were responding.  Right now we re trying to determine the extent of the damage, the exact location, possible cause and checking to make sure no one is injured,  he said.The Associated Press reported that the explosion shook buildings several miles away. Plumes of smoke could seen rising into the air an hour after the accident. And images on social media showed a fireball shooting into the sky Continue this story at the Washington PostREAD MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sci-Tech Files",0
22497,Boiler Room EP #71: ‘One Million Mark’,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki of Alt Right Blogspot, Jay Dyer from jaysanalysis.com, Jamie Hanshaw author of Weird Stuff, Branko Mali  of Kali Tribune, Randy J of 21Wire and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East for the 70th episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in some Boiler Room with the crew. .Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! Reference Links:",0
22498,"CONFUSED.GOV: Obama’s Imperial Mideast Policy Unravels, Still Backing Terrorists in Syria","21st Century Wire says We just learned this week that US President Barack Obama will meet with Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan at this week s G20 summit in China. The White House claims that this is to discuss the two nations   Anti-ISIL efforts,  but is this really to be believed, considering the facts on ground in Syria?As 21WIRE reported this past weekend, Turkey has effectively invaded northern Syria. Initially, it claimed its military operation was to support  Syrian rebels  who aimed to recapture territory from ISIS around the town of Jarabulus, but it quickly became apparent that this was only a cover story. During its illegal invasion of its neighbor Syria,  Turkish military were flanked by  moderate rebel  group Faylaq al-Sham   a extremist terrorist organization and more amazingly   both Turkish forces and their  moderate rebel  partners received air support from the United States. That s right: the USA is giving air cover to Al Qaeda in Syria. Consider the Turkish-US invasion along these lines: all along the Syrian Conflict, the US, Turkey, the NATO confab and entirety of the George Soros NGO Complex   have all been crying out for one thing: a  No Fly Zone  or  Safe Zone , which is really a western euphemism for carving-out their long-desired militant safe-havens inside of Syria. An interesting follow-on report to the US side of this drama is featured below by Daniel Lazare from Consortium News.This would be the first meeting between Obama and Erdogan since the infamous failed coup attempt in Turkey in July. Both countries claim to be ensconced in Syria in the gallant  fight against ISIS  (ISIL, IS, Daesh etc), but facts on the ground indicate that neither country has made  fighting ISIS    or any other Sunni-based Islamist extremist fighting group operating in Syria   a genuine priority. It s as if they are both attempting to buy time for their own strategic objectives to develop.What s becoming ever clearer by the day, however, is that Washington is prepared to do almost anything in order to cover-up and obfuscate its central role in the promotion and strategic backing of all militant  rebel  forces trying to destroy the nation of Syria, including Al Nusra Front and all its affiliates, and also ISIS itself.Note below, the henchman role of US Vice President Joe Biden, delivering the death blow to Kurdish YPG militias in Syria  Daniel Lazare Consortium NewsIn the 1930s, British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain appeased his enemies. Today, U.S. President Barack Obama appeases his friends.Barack the Appeaser is the key to unlocking the mysteries of U.S. policy in the Middle East and beyond. Confusing to begin with, U.S. actions reached new heights of absurdity last week when the Obama administration abandoned its long-standing Kurdish allies with virtually no notice and announced that it was backing a Turkish thrust into northern Syria instead.Although the Turks claimed to be targeting ISIS (also known as Islamic State, IS, ISIL, and Daesh), it was plain from the outset that the real aim was to counter an offensive that had carried Kurdish forces some 20 miles west of the Euphrates River and put them in a position to control nearly the entire Syrian-Turkish border.But there was a problem. Not only had the U.S. approved the same Kurdish offensive, but it had provided arms, money, and air support plus military advice in the form of some 250 US Special Operations forces embedded among members of the Kurdish militia known as the YPG.Indeed, the Syrian Democratic Forces, a multi-ethnic militia anchored by the YPG, was a real success story, just about the only one Washington has had in the course of its disastrous five-year Syrian intervention. As one analyst put it: Since the creation of the SDF last November, the U.S.-backed coalition was able to roll back IS advances in northern Syria at an unprecedented pace.  An effective mixture of multi-pronged offensives and U.S. air support led to the capture of key IS strongholds, including the city of Shaddadi in eastern Syria, the strategic Tishrin Dam along the Euphrates, and more recently IS s former bastion of Manbij, south of the Turkish border. But now the U.S. had decided to drop the Syrian Democratic Forces despite their sterling anti-ISIS record and back Turkey even though it didn t seem very concerned about ISIS at all. Vice President Joe Biden laid down the law during a visit to Ankara on Wednesday. We have made it absolutely clear,  he said, that Kurdish forces  must move back across the river. They cannot, will not, and under no circumstances get American support if they do not keep that commitment, period. Why the About-FaceWhat is the reason for such a remarkable about-face? What makes the U.S. think it can get away with cultivating an alliance one moment and dropping it like a hot potato the next?The answer has to do with the phenomenon of liberal appeasement that Obama represents.Appeasement became a dirty word as a result of the 1938 Munich Crisis when Britain and France decided that allowing Hitler to dismember Czechoslovakia would somehow allay his appetite for more conquests. But in Obama s hands, it has come to mean something different: an endless attempt to satisfy conflicting demands by a growing number of client states.The states include not just Turkey but Israel, the Persian Gulf oil sheikdoms, plus the dozen East European states that have entered NATO since 1999. If America were an old-fashioned empire, it would issue orders and expect such dependents to fall into line. But as a  democratic  empire, it relies on cajoling, bargaining, and other inducements to achieve  voluntary  consent Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22499,NEW EMAILS: Clinton Foundation VIP donors buy access – while Hillary was Secretary of State,"21st Century Wire says In the old days, this scandal would be filed under  gross conflict of interest  or  government corruption . In the America in 2016, it s simply filed under  news. Far from being a great  charity  organization, the Clinton Foundation appears to be merely a vehicle for those who want access to a US-based syndicate of international oligarchs, elite financial institutions, foreign governments, and even dictator-friendly Lebanese-Nigerian billionaires.As 21WIRE reported last week, this international syndicate stretches right through the heartland of Islamist radicalization and state-sponsored terrorism  to the feudal monarchs in Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Bahrain and others.To be sure, this is only the tip of a much larger political iceberg  RTNewly released emails reveal more ties between the Clinton Foundation and the State Department during Hillary Clinton s tenure as secretary of state, showing that major donors received special perks   including lunch with the Chinese president.The State Department emails were released as part of a public records lawsuit by conservative group Citizens United. The documents were then shared exclusively with ABC News. After more than two years of Freedom of Information Act requests and lengthy litigation, the truth is finally coming out,  David Bossie, president of Citizens United, said in a statement.  Hillary Clinton s senior staff at the State Department routinely worked with the Clinton Foundation to reward big donors with special access and favors for four years. The emails seem to suggest that some of the Clinton Foundation s biggest donors were given special treatment, including seats at a meal attended by Chinese President Hu Jintao.One particular email chain dated December 2010 includes correspondence between Clinton s closest aide, Huma Abedin, and then-top Clinton Foundation official Doug Band.The email gives names of those expected to attend a State Department lunch with the Chinese president scheduled for January 2011   and some of the foundation s biggest donors were on the guest list.The list included three executives from organizations that have donated millions to the Clinton Foundation   Bob McCann, then-president of wealth management at UBS; Dr. Judith Rodin, president of the Rockefeller Foundation; and Hikmet Ersek, the CEO of Western Union.According to the Clinton Foundation s website, UBS has contributed between $500,000 and $1 million to the organization. The Rockefeller Foundation has donated between $10 million and $25 million, and Western Union and its foundation has given between $1 million and $5 million.Nearly two weeks after the initial email, Band sent a follow-up requesting that Rodin be seated at Vice President Joe Biden s table. I ll ask,  Abedin wrote in response.In a separate email, Abedin forwarded Band an attachment titled  Updated China RSVP Guest List 1-5-11.  The attachment itself was not included in the documents seen by ABC Read more at RTREAD MORE CLINTON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Clinton Files",0
22500,"UNHOLY ALLIANCE: Hillary Clinton’s Saudi Sponsors Support Terrorism, Islamist Extremism"," 21st Century Wire says Amid the tossing and turning of media hit pieces and partisan mud slinging in advance of the US presidential vote in November, very little focus is given on the actual record and policies of Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State.With this week s damning revelations regarding Gulf Arab monarchs buying access into the US State Dept via the Clinton Foundation, a clearer picture is now emerging about how the sponsorship of religious extremism, as well as geopolitical instability in the Middle East and beyond   links directly back to the Clinton global network of international oligarchs. Watch this week s ABC News segment: Based on this line of inquiry, what will four years of a Clinton presidency bring in terms of US foreign policy? A few answers to this question from Global Research  Andre Vltchek Global ResearchIf the West in general and the United States in particular, left the Arab and Muslim world alone and in peace, we would most likely never see all those terrorist attacks, which are rocking the world from Indonesia to France. There would be no Mujahedeen and its mutation into al-Qaeda; in Afghanistan or elsewhere. There would be no traces of the ISIS (or ISIL or I.S. or Daesh or however you choose to call it), in Syria, Iraq, Libya or anywhere else.And the super-conservative Wahhabi Islam, that outdated, freak Saudi mutant, would remain in the religious schools of the ultra-regressive Kingdom, instead of gaining ground all over Southeast Asia, the Middle East and Africa.Secular IslamBut the West embarked on a brutal, Machiavellian path: it decided to destroy socialist Islam   that (historically) moderate, compassionate and progressive religion. It smashed once secular Egypt; it overthrew the government in socialist Iran and then in near-Communist Indonesia, implanting in all these places horrifically degenerate and fully outdated religious concepts. It used extremists to destroy healthy patriotism and socialism. Like the Brits in the 19th Century ( You can control people s brains, while we will control your natural resources ), the West embraced Wahhabi teaching, because it was able to guarantee full obedience, dictatorial (pro-Western) governance and oppressive feudalism.Islam has been used and abused, manipulated and virtually stripped of its essence. The process has gone so far that two leading Iranian scholars, during my visit last-year to Tehran, declared to me:  In so many parts of the world, the West created an absolutely new religion. We don t recognize it, anymore. It has nothing to do with Islam. If the West in general and the United States in particular, left the Arab and Muslim world alone and in peace, we would most likely never see all those terrorist attacks, which are rocking the world from Indonesia to France Correct. Like a naughty, spoiled and heartless child, the West, after destroying the Soviet Union, painstakingly constructed its new enemy    militant Islam    so it could continue indulging in its favorite activity, which is perpetual conflict, endless wars and plunder.It is as simple as that.The greatest oppressors of the Muslim people, those in Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, and Indonesia have all been closely allied to the West. The most terrible terrorist  Muslim  organizations, from Al-Qaida to ISIS, have been created, armed and supported by the West and its cronies.In Europe and in the United States, the  fear of terrorists  is fully exploited by the Western regime   a global class alliance of plutocrats, in actuality, with headquarters in Washington, where the main military and media muscle reside. It still clings to power mainly thanks to such fear implanted in the brains of  ordinary people .And what about the  War on Terror ? Yes, there really is such war, but the West is not the one who fights it. As this goes to print, the war against terrorism is being fought by Russia, Iran, China, Syria, Hezbollah and their allies!The West is still closely collaborating with the terrorists. It miraculously  avoids targeting them  when  fighting wars against them ; it financially supports some and trains others. It criticizes and antagonizes those who are actually fighting the extremist militant groups.Extremists have been unleashed, like Rottweiler fighting dogs, against almost all progressive governments in the Middle East, but also against China and Russia. Extremist Muslims, extremist Christians, even extremist Buddhists!In turn, the politicians in the United States are regularly supported, financially, by the regimes (including those of Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, etc.) that are spreading, relentlessly, throughout the world, the most intolerant and grotesquely violent religious concepts.Despite their essential servility and cowardice, even some North American mainstream media outlets are now actively discussing various schemes involving the financing of the Clinton Foundation by Saudi Arabia (alongside several leading transnational corporations and Wall Street s largest banks).On its  Breaking News , as far back as in 2008, CNN reported:The donations to the William J. Clinton Foundation include amounts of $10 million to $25 million from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and real estate mogul Stephen Bing, a personal friend of the Clintons.The Clintons came under intense pressure during Hillary Clinton s campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination to release the names of donors to both the Foundation and to the Clinton presidential library in Arkansas.Bill Clinton agreed to the release of the list after President-elect Barack Obama nominated Hillary Clinton to become Secretary of State.The governments of Kuwait and Qatar are also on the list, as is Saudi businessman Nasser Al-Rashid, who has close ties to the Saudi royal family. Saudi Sheikh Mohammed H. Al-Amoudi, reputed to be one of the richest men in the world, is among the donors as well. Both Saudis contributed in the $1 million to $5 million range. A group called Friends of Saudi Arabia and the Dubai Foundation appear in the same category.  As recently as on August 20th, 2016, The New York Times wrote something similar, essentially reconfirming the validity of the earlier reports, while adding many more details and adjusting the figures: The kingdom of Saudi Arabia donated more than $10 million. Through a foundation, so did the son-in-law of a former Ukrainian president whose government was widely criticized for corruption and the murder of journalists. A Lebanese-Nigerian developer with vast business interests contributed as much as $5 million.For years the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation thrived largely on the generosity of foreign donors and individuals who gave hundreds of millions of dollars to the global charity. But now, as Mrs. Clinton seeks the White House, the funding of the sprawling philanthropy has become an Achilles  heel for her campaign and, if she is victorious, potentially her administration as well. Long time Clinton s top aide, Huma Abedin (who spent part of her childhood in Saudi Arabia) has been an intermediary between the former Secretary of State and pro-Saudi interests. She also negotiated financial support for Ms. Clinton from Mr. Chagouri and other individuals, organizations and businesses originating from the Middle East.The accusations and evidence keep coming in, from different media outlets, both left wing and right wing. On August 1st, 2016, the conservative Breitbart News stated: Khizr Khan, the Muslim Gold Star father that the mainstream media and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have been using to criticize Donald J. Trump, has deep ties to the government of Saudi Arabia and to international Islamist investors through his own law firm. In addition to those ties to the wealthy Islamist nation, Khan also has ties to controversial immigration programs that wealthy foreigners can use to essentially buy their way into the United States and has deep ties to the  Clinton Cash  narrative through the Clinton Foundation.   Hillary s Saudi SponsorsHillary Clinton s dependence on Saudi sponsors has been strongly influencing her decision to maintain a foreign policy in the service of Riyadh and support for various terrorist groups controlled by Saudi Arabia and Qatar, in and beyond the Middle East region [including those currently active in Syria and Iraq].In reality, she is simply representing  continuity  of an already existing, deadly trend. The regime has been  evolving  for decades, but especially since the Ronald Reagan years. Republicans or Democrats: it truly matters very little. Both parties spread terror all over the world. True, George W. Bush invaded Iraq, but people like Bill Clinton are close friends and supporters of Paul Kagame, the Rwandese  butcher of Congo , with the blood of some 10 million people on his hands. Democrat and  moderate , Bill Clinton, was also responsible for the criminal bombing and destruction of socialist Yugoslavia. And so it goes But under Barack Obama s rule, the last hope for an independent Middle East and the Arab world has virtually evaporated. Libya has been destroyed; the Syrian civil war was launched from Washington, London and Paris. Saudis bathed rebellious Yemen in blood using UK and US produced weapons. Virtually all  Arab Spring revolutions  were infiltrated and diverted. And in Bahrain, the Shi a majority was literally raped by Saudi Arabia and its own ruthless rulers, with British advisors standing-by.The US and Europe have kept selling arms to the Gulf, building new military bases while supporting the most appalling and bloodthirsty regimes.The  Obama/ (Hilary) Clinton Era  has greatly  improved  the symbioses of Western imperialism, big business, and pro-Western fascist regimes worldwide, but particularly in the Middle East and Africa.This toxic embrace has proved fatal to millions of people in these two parts of the world. Hopes for self-governance have been ruined. Corpses keep piling up in Syria, Iraq, Libya, Yemen, South Sudan, Somalia, the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), and elsewhere.The West does not care, as long as it stays in charge of the  show , and for as long as hundreds of billions of dollars are made by weapons  producers. Even if millions are dying, there is still an uninterrupted flow of raw materials to the West and Japan. Therefore, it is  business as usual .  Un-people  and their lives are worth nothing.At one point, Russia, Iran, China and others have said  enough is enough; let s fight against the true terrorists! Let s fight ISIS and other bigots! Let s give a hand to the independence-minded, socially-oriented patriots .Predictably,. this led to total outrage in Washington, London, and Paris (and Tokyo). Disobedience and rebellion against the global (Western) order could not be tolerated! It had to be crushed, even at the cost of new and deadly world war.NATO, Washington, Europe, Japan, and South Korea  all started a direct confrontation policy against Russia, China, Iran, North Korea (DPRK) and other members of the  Coalition of Daring . Brazil, an important member of BRICS, was recently destroyed by the extreme-right coup supported by the West.Even the Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump, in his rare moments of sanity, is clearly aware of the danger. He does not wish to confront Russia. He is obviously not willing to sacrifice tens of millions of human lives for some grotesque dreams of total world domination by a market fundamentalism backed by the white (or Western) supremacist dogmas.But Trump s moments of sanity are defined as  madness  by the mainstream propaganda. Not surprisingly! As was correctly stated by the great Indian thinker, Arundhati Roy, some several years ago:  now war is called peace and black is called white . Orwellian indeed, with a vengeance.The Clinton CampaignThe Clinton campaign has gone into overdrive. It attempts to distract attention from its own funding scandals, by accusing Donald Trump s aides of receiving financing from abroad. Trump is now described as  Russia s agent .This game   it is all self-serving: nothing to do with the interests of the world, or even the interests of the common  American people .For as long as the general political trend of the West does not radically change, or for as long as the West is not stopped by outside forces, perpetual wars will continue. Monstrous genocides in Africa, the destruction of entire states and regions in the Middle East, all this could easily spread to other parts of the Planet.It is clear now that if provoked and confronted, countries like China, Russia and Iran would not hesitate to fight back. They also may fight for others   for their tortured allies.The Western implants and their buddies, Mujahedeen/Al-Qaida, have already destroyed Afghanistan and the Soviet Union. ISIS, another mutant unleashed by the West and its allies, have been devastating Iraq, Syria, Libya and now what is left of Afghanistan.These  movements  have really nothing to do with Islam. They were manufactured in Washington, Riyadh, London, and Doha (and most likely even in Tel Aviv), for several concrete purposes, all of them thoroughly foul.They are making sure to ruin the socialist nature of Islam, insisting exclusively on the implementation of outdated, medieval fundamentalist interpretations.Huma Abedin s mother, Dr. Saleha Mahmood Abedin, is one of the founding members of the Muslim Sisterhood, and chairperson of the  International Islamic Committee for Woman and Child  (IICWC). She is also a well known writer and editor based in Saudi Arabia. Her organization (IICWC) had repeatedly argued that laws banning female circumcision should be revoked, as well as laws prohibiting child marriage and marital rape. During her visit to KSA, Hillary Clinton spoke at the Islamic college of Dar El-Hekma (where Dr. Saleha Abedin was a vice-dean) shoulder-to-shoulder with her favorite aide   Huma.Was this just an insignificant episode? Like those millions of dollars in Saudi Arabian funding for Clinton s foundation? Like the US  foreign policy  in the Gulf and in the Middle East, like spreading Muslim extremist groups to all corners of the world, from Africa, the Middle East, to Southeast Asia and even China? Like unleashing conservative Islam against socialist Muslim countries?Too many  episodes ! Too much blood  It is time to say what is by now obvious:  The US establishment is not fighting  Muslim terrorism  or even  extremism ; it is manufacturing it, and injecting it everywhere. The only real enemy that Washington, London and Paris have, for decades, even for centuries, is the anti-colonialist struggle, and the burning desire of people, worldwide, to terminate the West s global dictatorship.  Philosopher, novelist, filmmaker and investigative journalist, Andre Vltchek has covered wars and conflicts in dozens of countries. His latest books are:  Exposing Lies Of The Empire  and  Fighting Against Western Imperialism . Discussion with Noam Chomsky: On Western Terrorism. Point of No Return is his critically acclaimed political novel. Oceania  a book on Western imperialism in the South Pacific. His provocative book about Indonesia:  Indonesia   The Archipelago of Fear . Andre is making films for teleSUR and Press TV. After living for many years in Latin America and Oceania, Vltchek presently resides and works in East Asia and the Middle East. He can be reached through his website or Twitter account. ",0
22501,"Boiler Room EP #70 – Sticks, Stones & The Media Hammer","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki of Alt Right Blogspot, Jay Dyer from jaysanalysis.com, Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East, and Shawn Helton of 21Wire for the 70th episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in some Boiler Room with the crew. Tonight we re further discussing cults & Zen Gardner s recent admission of his involvement with the Children of God, the terrible Hollywood train wreck that is the DC Comics film adaptations, a short study on the whack-a-dos that one comes across in comment threads in social media and the limelight being cast upon the  alt-right  political sphere as Hillary Clinton plans to falsely paint it as a hateful extremist Donald Trump supporting group.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Reference Links:",0
22502,TOXIC CULTURE: ‘Suicide (Skank) Squad’ Film,"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireSuicide squad is who they call to counsel the people leaving this vapid movie.  Possibly the worst superhero film yet, it even rivals the likes of Spawn, Catwoman and Ghost Rider.  At least there was Nic Cage, but here, only a confused and garbled CGI wasteland that is as messy as the single mom tats emblazoned every scene.  Nothing in this movie makes sense, much less is the plot even coherent, as a selection of  the worst  of America s convicts are chosen to become Task Force X, a microchipped hit team to take on the  meta-humans  (X-men, yawn) and the extra-dimensional entities that possess two paper-thin characters.Side note   the film is adapted from my old essay, United Skanks of America.This film is one of the few instances I can think of where the overt propaganda is actually more interesting to spot than the film itself.  Will Smiff plays a  hitman  baby-daddy whose only concern is scoring 2 million dollars to buy his daughter s attention.  Yes, all those noble baby-daddies are really just striving for ghetto release so they can become responsible parents.  Next, a hot chick plays a psychiatrist babe-turned skank who, after falling in love with the joke that is  The Joker,  morphs into the average American skank, graffiti ed to the hilt with thug-style sleaze.  In this sense, Harley Quinn makes sense as a representation of the mental illness that plagues the young western female, as evidenced in their body-defacing obsessions and self-mutilation.Planetary sigils adorn the headdress.As Matt Forney writes:No girl has ever improved her looks with a gaudy mural injected under her skin or a piece of metal dangling from her nostrils. There s no man on Earth who has ever thought about his girlfriend or wife, Man, you know what would make her even sexier? A butterfly emblazoned just over her ass. Yet, despite this objective reality, thousands of girls continue to mutilate themselves at an astounding rate, to the point where more girls now have tattoos than men.Indeed, nothing captures the full throttle ruination of the western female than this slut character which drives the ridiculous simulacrum of a plot by seeking to be reunited with Joker Leto.  Since Grant Morrison is an open fan of Crowley, chaos magick and summoning entities through sigils, I am curious which god he offended to have the legions of suck demons inspire his advice to Leto.  That is the only explanation.The Crowleyan elements of this film are really the only noticeable  esoteric  themes, with the Joker now being apparently bi-sexual (perfect embodiment of the ruined western male), and the planetary sigils that adorn Cara Delevingne s headdress.  From here, you can divine the rip off of a rehash semblance a story   a giant garbage vortex  has opened up over a city with the intent of destroying humans who no longer worship the entities as gods.  The giant garbage vortex was actually filmed when in reality it opened up over New York the night this film premiered.Faith, the  Hillary-hero. Originally, the skank squad was formed through the machinations of Reagan (presumably based on the Latin American death squads) and now, even Obama plays a positive role in the storyline from the comic.  Indeed, comic books have long been tools of propaganda, from World War 2 Americanism to Cold War absurdity, comic books have been a staple in the establishment-promoted anti-establishment toxic culture.The sad fact, as I have been arguing for a long damn time now, is that the increase in corporate government control of entertainment realm only results in the degeneration of artistic creativity.   I can wait for the 5th version of the plot of Ghostbusters-Avengers-Ghostbusters-Suicide Squad, but can you?  Aside from this, the other amazing, little-known tidbit is that since the market for comics is generally teenagers, the script was written by a teen   how else would an ancient goddess lithely intone,  You don t have the balls! ?Nowadays, comic books are the tip of the queer spear in promoting transgender  heroes,  fat acceptance heroes that promote Hillary, and the absurd reversing of racial and gender roles (such as Thor becoming a woman and Iron Man a black girl).  The cultural degeneration and toxification is a symbiotic relationship   as the west devolves at lightning speed into a troglodyte, Morlock genetic experiment, the comic book world then comes to reflect that gluttonous, scooter-bedeviled psych ward in its  art. Since comic books now drive the film industry s big blockbuster productions, blockbuster films continue to foist the Disney-Degeneration of social justice warriors rabidly attempting to quell dissent.Meanwhile, the self-devouring ouroboros of the left is its own punishment and destruction.  In sum, don t waste your time, as it s all chaos, and no magic.  However, if you liked John Leguizamo s farting clown in spawn, you ll probably love the ebonics-speaking crocodile in this garbage.The comedy gold of the farting clown. READ MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood FilesTo hear Jay s full podcasts, see more information and learn how you can become a subscriber to JaysAnalysis.Jay Dyer is the author of the forthcoming title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day.  Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast, Esoteric Hollywood, investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.",0
22503,"Episode #149 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Part II: Another Road to Damascus’ with guests Vanessa Beeley, Ghoufran Derawan","Episode #149 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this Sunday August 21, 2016 as host Patrick Henningsen broadcasts 3 HOURS of LIVE power-packed talk radio on ACR LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:SUNDAYS   5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US)This week s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is on the road broadcasting LIVE from London on the banks of the Thames. This week host Patrick Henningsen resumes the helm, covering some of the top US and international news stories this week. In the first hour we re joined by special guest LIVE from Syria, 21WIRE special contributor, Vanessa Beeley, to discuss the latest developments there and her recent incredible interview with the President of Syria s Political Advisor, as well as new revelations of a NATO-backed shadow state in Syria. In the second hour, we ll connect with another LIVE Middle East guest, a Syrian independent producer and filmmaker, Ghoufran Derawan, to talk about her own tragic story and to breakdown the truth about the Syrian Conflict. Finally, in the final segment over overdrive, we ll try to connect with and special guest from Syrian TV to discuss the Battle for Aleppo.HAVE YOUR SHOUT! VOTE & COMMENT: Has Obama-Clinton Foreign Policy Created ISIS? Strap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world  *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Direct Download the Most Recent Episode// <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt;Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives   ",0
22504,Boiler Room EP #69 – CULTure Club,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki of Alt Right Blogspot, Jay Dyer from jaysanalysis.com, Randy J, and Shawn Helton of 21Wire for the 69th episode of BOILER ROOM. Dim the lights, dawn the headphones and indulge in some Boiler Room with the crew. Tonight we re further deconstructing Cointel Pro with Jay and Shawn, discussing cults & Zen Gardner s recent admission of his involvement with the Children of God. A scathing analysis of the mainstream media being remiss in talking about the new Russian deal with Iran as well as the theater of absurdity that is the US State Department and much more.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Reference Links:",0
22505,Falling Apart: West’s Media-Driven Deception in Syria,"21st Century Wire says The wagon wheels are already coming off of the NATO-GCC  regime change  road show in Syria.Now, foreign policy buffoons in Washington are resorting to some of the most desperate tactics seen yet, including more semantic maneuvers to try and conceal their lethal aid for jihadist terrorists in Syria and Iraq.Washington s latest PR thrust began last week when it was proudly announced in the US media Al Nusra Front (Al Qaeda in Syria) was  rebranding  itself into a newer, supposedly kinder and gentler terrorist moniker,  Syrian Conquest Front.  Charming.Washington spin doctors are now desperately back-pedaling, following an embarrassing challenge by Donald Trump to both President Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton   claiming it was they who  founded ISIS  (see article below). Contrary to all facts and multiple previous admissions, Washington are now claiming that it has never backed and armed terrorists, but rather  non-Jihadist Salafists  (an oxymoron). The other popular lie that Washington and the other NATO governments have been pushing is that the Syrian  rebels  are actually from Syria. The reality is that the overwhelming majority of terrorist  rebel  fighters are from outside Syria   soldiers of fortune and paid privateers from as many as 81 different countries of origin.SEE ALSO: Proof: US and NATO-backed  Rebels  Are NOT Fighting ISISIt s clear now that Washington has dug such a deep hole with regards to its sponsorship of the dirty war in Syria that it simply cannot get out without losing face internationally   and domestically.The domestic side is particularly worrisome for Democratic Party leaders Obama and Clinton, because it is an election year and Clinton has built most of her campaign on her  foreign policy credentials  which now includes the prenatal and pediatric development of ISIS and Al Nusra Front. To say that Clinton was one of the architects of the current conflict is no exaggeration, as she was actively promoting  regime change  by any means in Europe and the Middle East in 2011 and 2012 with her cynically titled  Friends of Syria  controlled opposition tour. FRONT: Hillary Clinton fronted the  Friends of Syria  tour through 2011-2012, in order consolidate Gulf and other support for  regime change  and the present dirty war in Syria.To those who have been reading between the western spin on Syria over the last 4 years, the truth about this Washington-led Dirty War in Syria should come as no surprise: that the Obama Administration s policy of supporting extremist armed terrorist  opposition  groups in Syria was part of a deliberate strategy explicitly designed to topple the government in Damascus and its elected president Bashar al-Assad. By doing this, Washington and its allies have facilitated the creation of Islamic State (ISIS, ISIL, IS or  Daesh )  caliphate  in Syria and Iraq.A recent Sputnik article confirms how Hillary Clinton pressed through the policy of backing the myriad of known extremist terrorist groups by just referring to them as  moderate rebels :In December 2012, only months after the defense intelligence report, President Obama caved to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the more hawkish wing of the national security establishment saying the United States considered the opposition to be  the legitimate representative of the Syrian people. By maintaining a strict policy of media deception regarding Syria, the US State Department believed that it could avoid any responsibility and obfuscate its own sponsorship audit trail by playing a sophomoric and highly cynical name game between  moderate rebels  and known terrorist organizations like Jabhat al-Nusra Front (Al Qaeda in Syria), Jaysh al-Islam, Ahrar al-Sham, Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki, the Turkmen Brigades and many more. Aside from those living in the reality bubble that is Washington and its media stable, most people are now well aware that there are no  moderate rebels  in Syria   and no matter how many name changes are announced by operatives at CNN or SITE Intelligence   they are still all terrorists and they are all fighting (including ISIS) together to overthrow the government in Syria. 21WIRE previously covered CNN s sordid role in running PR for the jihadist terrorists groups in Syria, led by CNN s star  journalist , Clarissa Ward (pictured above, in her  Undercover Muslim  costume), who has become one of the corporate media s leading apologists for US-NATO and GCC-sponsored violent militant extremists presently running amok in Syria, as CNN and Ward have gone out of their way to try and rehabilitate US-NATO and GCC-backed terrorist suicide bombers in Syria.Interestingly, CNN s media operative Ward even took the PR roadshow to the UN, using her CNN-Pentagon profile to push out Washington s new pro-Al Nusra (Al Qaeda) PR campaign. Sputnik added here: Perhaps embodying the confusing about face of America s foreign policy in Syria was when a member of the press, CNN s senior international correspondent Clarissa Ward, testified before the UN Security Council on the situation in Aleppo that  the only ones who have emerged as heroes on the ground  are the Islamist factions, even to those who hate fundamentalism.  LEADING FROM BEHIND: Obama kept insisting that,  Assad Must Go. For years now, US President Obama, Secretaries of State John Kerry and Hillary Clinton et all have been clamouring in unison that,  Assad Must Go . Now it looks as if Assad might outlast all of them.While the blatant distortion of reality continues by the US State Department and its media functionaries like Clarissa Ward and CNN, the West s dirty war in Syria rages on   and with Washington, NATO and Saudi-Qatari money and arms still flowing   there is no end in sight . SputnikThe Obama administration s policy in Syria of opposing Assad at all costs has led the United States to make strange bedfellows arming non-Jihadist Salafist groups who are unfortunately led by a cadre of fighters from the former al-Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra Front.This week Republican nominee Donald Trump caused an uproar by insisting that his Democratic rival former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her former boss President Barack Obama  founded ISIS    a charge that led to an counter assault by Hillary surrogate Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO) on Sunday who levelled a mirror accusation against Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.While a Pentagon memo supports the allegation that in 2012 the United States was willingly aiding al-Qaeda in Iraq and the Islamic State of Iraq (ISI) that subsequently metastasized into Daesh, the more immediate conflict of interest in Washington s foreign policy in the Middle East is the support of the current so-called  moderate rebels  opposing Assad who, by their own admission on social media, are led by al-Nusra Front.Al-Nusra Front, who just changed their name to the Syrian Conquest Front and renounced affiliation with al-Qaeda, with the open acceptance of the terror network, in a bid to garner new support from the West were the leading force in the surprise bid to break the Syrian government s siege in Aleppo Continue this article at SputnikREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22506,"CULT CRIMES, MASS SHOOTINGS & MEDIA MIND CONTROL: Natural Born Killers (1994)","Shawn Helton 21st Century WireThe 1994 cult film Natural Born Killers, is an examination of media manipulation, archetypal psychology and the violence embedded within American pop culture.Although it s been more than two decades since Natural Born Killers (NBK) first shocked viewers with its adrenaline fueled brutality, biting satire and darkly ironic media montages, the enigmatic picture s overall depiction of the American media complex is just as effective today.  CHAOS ROAD    Mickey and Mallory Knox are depraved icons in the twisted world of NBK. (Photo illustration: Shawn Helton)On the film s jarring surface, we see Micky (portrayed by Woody Harrelson) and Mallory Knox (Juliet Lewis) metaphorically reborn (from their violent past) as outlaw-lovers embarking on a psychopathic cross country murder spree   but as well come to find out, there s much more to this psychologically challenging piece of cinema.Over the years, NBK has seen comparisons to Hollywood crime classics such as the Badlands (1973), Bonnie and Clyde (1967), the serial killer  mockumentary , Man Bites Dog (1992), as well as the dystopian mind-bender, A Clockwork Orange (1971). NBK has also been thematically linked to Network (1976), another motion picture with a scathing appraisal of mass media, as well as the 1960 s road-film Easy Rider (1969), and the strikingly similar dark thriller Kalifornia (1993), which also starred Juliet Lewis playing a near identical role.In many ways, much of the media driven subtext of NBK has never seemed more relevant than now, as the film recognized mass media s growing obsession with violence and trashy entertainment all at once. The film also acknowledged the public s fixation with reality TV in all of its incarnations, perhaps envisaging the multi platform information craze in the age of social media.To this day, the Oliver Stone directed controversial feature Natural Born Killers (Based on a story by Quentin Tarantino) remains a harsh critique of American media and pop culture, as it casts a spotlight on the lurid agitprop used to steer public perception through various forms of infotainment.Over the course of this analysis, we ll explore some of the underlying aspects of Natural Born Killers, as well as contextualize its relation to real-life violence seen in the modern era   CULT OF PERSONALITY    Natural Born Killers reflects the heartless transformation of mass media.On The Road: Tragedy & SatireFrom the outset, sight, sound and mood take precedence over a traditional narrative structure throughout NBK. The film begins with a roadside montage of predatory animals (coyote, eagle rattlesnake) struggling to survive while Leonard Cohen s classic song  Waiting for the Miracle  slowly fades in creeping along to the foreboding imagery. The sequence subliminally conjures the all too familiar eugenics based  survival of the fittest  axiom   something which reflects the ruinous and fractured socio-political environment that has become so pervasive in modern America.All the while, the action shifts dramatically from grainy black-and-white footage of America s Southwest, to a red filtered glow, then back to full color, as elliptical-style editing (as well as cross-cutting and parallel) sets the tone for the illusory motion picture magnified by its tension inducing dutch-style camera angles.18 different film formats were used to create NBK in addition to many unusual lighting techniques   everything from black-and-white to dusty old 8mm, to 16mm, to 35mm stock, to CCTV video and animation.  DINE & DASH    NBK sees Mickey Knox on a quest to become Nietzsche s  Overman. When the establishing sequence of NBK finally settles inside the 5 to 2 Cafe, we see a television rapidly changing channel to channel   going from the all-american series Leave It to Beaver, to 77 Sunset Strip, a late 1950 s secret agent crime drama, to the resignation speech of President Richard Nixon, which is juxtaposed against an old horror film relic featuring Boris Karloff.The short panning shot is emblematic of America s dark evolution during the 20th century and serves as a stark bell weather for the rest the high paced surreal picture. In fact, strategically placed images, products and objects are seen throughout the entirety of NBK, evoking a strong emotional response in the viewer   bringing to mind the psychology behind propaganda.   DAEMON    Subliminal dissolves bring a mystical depth to NBK.In the movie s first scene, the camera slips across the cafe, sliding past a character later revealed to be Owen Traft (Arliss Howard), who is a guardian angel or daemon, linked to the Knox pair. Traft vanishes before our eyes (Traft is later seen in the film s prison break sequence) while reading a newspaper about the highway  666  murders, prefiguring the dark media frenzy soon to envelop the Knox outlaws.Celebrating after a fresh deer kill, a pack of foul-mouthed cowboys file into the 5 to 2 Cafe. We then see Mickey order a key lime pie, as his partner in crime Mallory, looking part prostitute, part Pocahontas, seductively dances to the jukebox. Mickey surveys the room and a bright toxic green is contrasted against some of the action within the scene. While some green tones traditionally have a calming restorative quality, the kind used in NBK denotes a sickness inside the mind.  SPIRIT ANIMAL    NBK s cafe cowboys run over a scorpion on the road, impacting their  fate  when facing Mallory and her quasi-totem.Shortly thereafter, Mallory challenges one of the boozed-up misogynistic buckaroos to hand to hand combat just as L7 s Shit List kicks in on the jukebox. The cafe scene erupts into chaos as the soon-to-be famous fugitives dispatch all but one person (the pinball cowboy) in the roadside cafe. The pinball cowboy is kept alive to tell the tale of Mickey and Mallory, in a twisted version of the counting game Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.Following the murderous cafe ruckus, the Knoxes ride out into the desert as wild dissolves intertwine with projected news clippings, images of past crimes and the Hydra myth in the form of a monster flick clip. Additionally, there s a musical schizophrenia to NBK, with a collection of modern and classic songs intermixed with fragmented and atmospheric snippets, signifying a faded, yet stitched together memory in the Trent Reznor/Jane Hamsher selected soundtrack.Later on during a roadside pit stop, Mallory invokes the Book of Revelations and the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, as she describes seeing a vision of Mickey riding a red (war) horse, while suggesting the star-crossed lovers might be fallen angels. At that same moment, a floating image of a multi-armed Mallory is seen in the sky, bringing to mind the devouring Hindu goddess Kali.  CUPID S REVENGE    NBK s dingy satire of TV sitcoms of old in  I Love Mallory  serves as a dysfunctional backdrop to Mickey and Mallory s hard-edged romance.Oedipal, Electra & the Hidden OrderContinuing by the roadside, the scene drifts into a dream sequence/flashback in the form of a 1950 s style sitcom parody entitled  I Love Mallory.  Here we see Mallory s dysfunctional family completely controlled by her abusive and incestuous father Ed Wilson (Rodney Dangerfield). The scene is an inversion of the soft TV sitcoms dominating the airwaves in real-life, as the lecherous Wilson unleashes a disturbing diatribe amid a background laugh-track.During the same scene, a deliveryman named Mickey enters the frame, falling in love with Mallory at first sight. Mickey leaves with Mallory and in the process steals Ed s car. Later, Mickey is arrested and imprisoned, managing to escape from a prison work farm during a tornado. NBK s tornado prison break, may be seen as a reference to the classic film The Wizard of Oz  a storm system which forever alters Mickey s future world.Mickey and Mallory return to the Wilson residence, seeking revenge on Mallory s father and mother, in what could be seen as a loose interpretation of the dark lyrical finish to the enigmatic song The End by The Doors. The Wilson s are murdered in a shocking home invasion scene and the house is set ablaze, while Mallory s brother Kevin (Sean Stone) is set free during the inferno.With each new set of kills, Mickey and Mallory grow closer and after their demented Oedipal/Electra complex resolution at the Wilson residence, the two get hitched in a blood ritual ceremony filmed on the scenic Rio Grande Gorge Bridge in Taos, New Mexico. Here Mickey proclaims the couple s  marriage  is sanctified because he is the god of his world, conjuring Friedrich Nietzsche s Overman concept, as well as a Apollonian/Dionysian influence within the killer s process.In an analysis entitled,  The Dionysian and the Apollonian in Nietzsche: The Birth of Tragedy,  by Alexander Gatherer of Cardiff University, we are provided a more detailed look at both the Apollonian and Dionysian philosophical concepts: The opposing concepts of the Dionysian (hereon DI) and Apollonian (hereon AP) are central themes within Nietzsche s first major work, The Birth of Tragedy (hereon BT). His contemplation of such opposing forces of nature are primarily used to analyse Greek culture in general, and Greek art in particular, stating that its role in Greek attic tragedy places these plays at Greece s cultural pinnacle. Continuing, Gatherer s essay analyzes critical aspects of AP and DI: Nietzsche s concepts of the AP and DI, along with the entirety of BT, were not well received initially: the author himself called the book  badly written, ponderous, embarrassing, image-mad and image-confused  (Sweet, 1999, p.49). However, the ideas have left a notable legacy and are still discussed in matters of ethics, politics and art. Indeed, Michael Motta (1991) likens the opposing forces to mental illness, stating how stages of mania in bipolar artists can be likened to that of the DI ( The urge to create is great, but the ability to step back, to control the process is reduced ), with depressive phases linked to the AP ( Critique and reflection take precedence over impulsivity, inhibition holds sway over exhibitionism ). With this in mind, we can interpret Mickey and Mallory s unresolved tension between AP and DI, as a philosophical reason for their dissent into madness.Although in Stone s view, Mickey and Mallory are tragically flawed because of a failed system, which frames the prison system, the police system and mass media, as the true American criminals. However, this ideological stance of the film is itself a false paradigm stuck in a social justice vortex, while masked in Carl Jung s rebel archetype   pointing to Stone s sometimes radical political perspective.Returning to NBK, we see Mickey and Mallory make a blood pact and exchange snake rings presented by Mickey, who is connected to the reptilian realm via his Caduceus chest tattoo. At significant points during NBK, snake imagery is observed, recalling the occult and mythological associations of the serpent. Additionally, there seems to be a Shiva/serpent attachment linked to Mickey as a counterpart to Mallory s Kali connection, with an underlying current of the symbol of immortality, Ouroboros. Other distorted biblical themes are also echoed during NBK, such as the Book of Genesis and the Garden of Eden  exemplified by Mickey s assisted escape from prison by a rattlesnake.Many associations are often seen throughout NBK, which reflect a deeper archetypal presence contained within the film.In Anton Ehrenzweig s The Hidden Order of Art, we can explore a deeper analysis of the unconscious mind   many elements that relate to the main characters in NBK: Some evidence of creative work and poemagogic phantasy points to incomplete superego maturation as an important source of mental illness. The ego has not absorbed the death instinct into the mute workings of the creative process so that self-destruction goes rampant to destroy entire itself. In other words, Mickey and Mallory lack any mature ethical component, which leads to their shared self-destructive psychosis, which in turn, is acted out in their murderous rage. Ehrenzweig, coined the phrase poemagogic, which is interpreted as an aspect emblematic of inducing the ego s creativity in a layered dream state. The nightmare/dream state of Mickey and Mallory visually comes to life in the strewn together time-worn scenes of NBK, like fragmented vitriolic memories.  BLOOD BOND    A ritualistic roadside marriage filmed on the Rio Grande Gorge Bridge.Media Made Political AgitatorsWhen NBK continues, all of the berserker-like chaos is captured by Wayne Gale (Robert Downey Jr.), a ratings consumed tabloid host on the fictitious television series American Maniacs. A show which obsessively covers the violent action of Mickey and Mallory at any cost. Gale is an amalgam of Australian TV s investigative host Steve Dunleavy and the long time reporter and talk show host Geraldo Rivera.American Maniacs uses the image of cult leader Charles Manson, University of Texas shooter Charles Whitman, and the sadistic killer Richard Ramirez during its credits, setting the tone for a sordid crime show reminiscent of The Current Affair and Hard Copy. NBK s representation of popular true crime programming, gives the film another disturbing art imitates life layer. In one scene, Gale describes the targeted killing of several law enforcement officers at the hands of the Knoxes   which ironically, reflects many real-life crimes we see plastered across today s headlines in America.All in all, American Maniacs very well could have been a template for the seedy video-stringer film Night Crawler, while packaged in the marketing gloss of American Gladiators. In a world of news makers, Gale says  repetition works,  and when questioned over reusing reenacted death scenes by producers, he callously exclaims do you think those nitwits out there in zombieland remember anything.  This is where we see Gale s mind warping programming taking shape for maximum psychological impact.This is what Stone s film is truly about, showcasing the often cold-hearted and calculating nature of mass media s carefully engineered narrative.With media analysis in mind, we might also consider this passage from Cult of Distraction in The Mass Ornament by film theorist, sociologist and writer, Siegfried Kracauer: Here, in pure externality, the audience encounters itself; its own reality is revealed in the fragmented sequence of splendid sense impressions. Were this reality to remain hidden from the viewers, they could neither attack nor change it; its disclosure in distraction is therefore of moral significance. Whether its banal programming intermixed with mass media s terror lens, the viewer has a choice to accept the media manipulated distractions at wholesale or attempt to unpack them through critical thinking, questioning the very nature of reportage.   AMERICAN MANIAC    Gale s American Maniacs glorifies tragedy for ratings.As NBK moves forward, we see the media trail and trial of Mickey and Mallory after the duo has been taken into custody. In a mockumentary style scene centered around super-fans and tacit supporters of the Knoxes, there s a decidedly social justice flair to a series of fictitious man on the street interviews.The whole segment relates to various political agitator groups that we see today   like Occupy Wall Street (OWS) and the controversial identity focused activism of Black Lives Matter (BLM), as well as the FBI and the CIA s various counter-intelligence programs from the 1960 s and 1970 s. Both OWS and BLM alliances, are neo-liberal think-tank/NGO designed gatherings, meant to divide and control participants over class, identity and other socio-political concerns.NBK s court house scene featuring fervid  group-think  supporters, could be seen as another signal of social strife in America at the turn of the century   marked pointedly by the polarizing corruption of the 1992 L.A. riots, the gross federal negligence of both the Ruby Ridge incident and the Waco siege, as well as the heavily publicized Menendez murder case (the strange and salacious trials of Lorena Bobbit and Tonya Harding) and the show trial of O.J. Simpson, an all-time ratings bonanza   not counting the 95 million who watched Simpson s car chase on live TV.Interestingly though, the choreographed bombing of the World Trade Center (1993) carried out by FBI handlers and federal informants, was a curiously under reported event at the time. Which could be a reason for its absence from the media montages seen throughout NBK.The volatility of the 1990 s, proved to be an ideal backdrop for NBK, a picture made during a wave of high-profile sensationalized crime. MOTEL MAYHEM    The murderous  bride and groom  conjuring the death of Mickey s innocence at the Lodge. Later on in NBK, with symbols fully on display, we see close camera shots of the pair s tattoos   Mickey s light and dark Yin and Yang symbol and crudely drawn Christ-like tattoo are contrasted against Mallory s scorpion ink, as they ride along to abduct a hostage. As they make their way to the neon-lit Log Cabin Lodge, there very well could be a subtle reference to Freemasonary, when we witness the ritualistic behaviour shown at the  Lodge.  Stylistically, the motel resembles something out of the macabre cinematic world of David Lynch.In the background while Mickey and Mallory are on the motel bed, projected images on a window pane range from clips of raging dictatorships, to a young Mickey haunted by his father s suicide and a pale horse   recalling the book of revelations once again. All of this takes place while a violent torture scene from the Hollywood film Scarface (written by Oliver Stone) plays out on the TV in front of their hostage.When love turns dark, Mickey and Mallory argue as time-lapse imagery of a Pray Mantis is seen   symbolizing the need for contemplation during their chaos. The two separate briefly, as shamanic chanting cascades over their turbulent night crimes with visions of terror projected onto the sides of buildings.Whether its quick cut edits of opposing and often disturbing montages mixing vitriolic live action, clever special effects, absurdly horror filled projections or startling animated graphics reminiscent of Pink Floyd s The Wall  NBK is a conceptual master work.As the hallucinogenic and often kinetic film progresses, a massive manhunt for the deranged Knoxes is launched by Detective Jack  Super Cop  Scagnetti, a masochistic vigilante law-man (Tom Sizemore) who has his own repressed demons to contend with, which manifest in his psychotic behavior towards prostitutes.We later learn that Scagnetti s mother was gunned down by the infamous shooter Charles Whitman at the University of Texas in 1966.  ROADSIDE SHAMAN    The Knoxes come face to face with themselves during Red Cloud s vision.Shifting mood once again, we hear the haunting piano-driven History Repeats Itself  by A.O.S, (named after the 60 s counterculture chemist and sound engineer, Augustus Owsley Stanley III) which atmospherically plays in the background as Mickey and Mallory high on hallucinogens, are lost, out of gas and at odds with one another. This is the first time Mallory questions Mickey and nature of events that led to her becoming a spree killer.While looking for gas, the Knoxes approach Red Cloud and his grandson, first passing by Jacob (four-horned) sheep, revealing another biblical reference with the presence of the rare breed of sheep guardians. This is another significant scene in NBK, as the sovereign Oglala Lakota activist Russell Means, adds unique depth to the sequence playing the Navajo, Warren Red Cloud (perhaps a reference to US Marine Mitchell Red Cloud).Once inside Red Cloud s hut, the inner turmoil of the Knoxes is exposed. We then learn that Red Cloud served in the Vietnam War, reminding one of the staged Gulf of Tonkin false flag that led to the war. The Gulf of Tonkin Resolution, which granted President Lyndon B. Johnson the ability to militarily engage in a full-scale conflict with North Vietnam, was made possible due to the fabrication of a crime.During the latter half of the Vietnam War, the development of controversial counter-terrorism techniques was at the utmost importance for then Director of the CIA, William Colby. One such program materialized named The Phoenix Program (Operation Phoenix), which employed various terror tactics to destabilize the North Vietnamese leadership, claiming to have eradicated the Vietcong through the use of psy-ops, extortion, the release of criminals and random targeting of civilians to achieve its aims. Some geopolitical critics believe that this template for destabilization has been used in Afganistan, Iraq, Libya and Syria in recent years.Given that Stone himself was a Vietnam veteran in the US Army, we can view that the deliberate inclusion of Red Cloud s service record was a significant aspect to the story, perhaps reflecting the false premise that the Vietnam War was based upon.  SKIN-WALKER    Mickey s inner demons come to the surface prior to killing Red Cloud.The pivotal scene with Red Cloud dramatically altered the emotionally unhinged killers, who were taken on a shamanic journey and forced to face their own reality during a cleansing ritual involving chanting, fire and snakes. Here Mickey s torment and abuse comes to the surface with vivid drug induced flashbacks and after being haunted by his past, he awakens and shoots Red Cloud. The tragic death of Red Cloud, is the first time both Mickey and Mallory feel the weight of their actions.With an axe to grind against mass murders Mickey and Mallory, Scagnetti, manages to apprehend the pair in a dramatic shootout at the Drug Zone pharmacy after they were bitten by rattlesnakes following their quasi-spiritual pilgrimage conducted by Red Cloud. While observing the Drug Zone s logo we see the Caduceus image (winged staff wrapped with two snakes) often inappropriately used in medicine, as it is said to be the conductor of the dead.  DRUG ZONE    subconscious slogans envelop Mickey in the Drug Zone shootout with police. This neon green filtered scene also represents the poisonous consumer culture, as Mickey and Mallory, drugged and snake bitten, stalk to store for anti-venom like the walking dead. Mike Smith s energetic cartoon animation is also featured, as the pharmacist ID s the pair while watching Gale s American Maniacs. Mickey revels in his newfound celebrity catching himself on TV, before he and Mallory are taken in by Scagnetti.  WATCHTOWER   Charles Whitman opened fire on the 27th story of the University of Texas clock tower on August 1st, 1966 in one of the most well-known mass shootings in American history. (Image Source: hartford courant)Scagnetti later hatches a scheme to kill Mickey and Mallory with the fast-talking neurotic Warden Dwight McClusky (Tommy Lee Jones), who plans his own twisted brand of justice inside the riotous Batonga Penitentiary. When Scagnetti s plot fails during NBK s prison riot scene, Mallory executes him in her cell.Scagnetti s fictitious link to a well-known true crime, merges the illusory world of NBK with the UT shooting, subconsciously grafting fantasy onto a traumatic event. In effect, the concept mimics the way news stories sometimes strangely and unexpectedly overlap within a blended hyper-reality of fact and fiction.In recent years, there has been a series of surreal and unreal news stories since the Smith-Mundt Act was effectively rendered obsolete by US lawmakers on July 2nd 2013, as confirmed by RT below: Until earlier this month, a longstanding federal law made it illegal for the US Department of State to share domestically the internally-authored news stories sent to American-operated outlets broadcasting around the globe. All of that changed effective July 2, when the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG) was given permission to let US households tune-in to hear the type of programming that has previously only been allowed in outside nations. The Smith-Mundt Act has ensured for decades that government-made media intended for foreign audiences doesn t end up on radio networks broadcast within the US. An amendment tagged onto the National Defense Authorization Act removed that prohibition this year. There has been an unprecedented increase in propaganda over the years, despite claims that the NDAA provision offered more transparency to the American public.On another note, there are other uncanny historical elements associated with NBK Fresh off his fame from the hit sitcom Cheers, Woody Harrelson was an intriguing choice to play the character Mickey Knox, as it emerged that his father Charles Harrelson, was a contract killer linked to organized crime. Charles was convicted in the murder of a grain dealer named Sam Degelia Jr in 1968. Later in 1981, he received two life sentences for the murder of US District Judge John H Wood.   THREE TRAMPS    Charles Harrelson (ID d by forensic experts on the left) is believed to be one of three arrested in Dealey Plaza after JFK s assassination in 1963. (Image Source: jfkmurdersolved)It has been stated that after a six-hour  suicidal  standoff with police in 1980, Charles, apparently  high on cocaine  admitted to killing Judge Wood, while also claiming to be involved in President John F. Kennedy s assassination.When considering the Harrelson-Kennedy connection, the 1989 book Crossfire comes to mind.Crossfire, written by the well-known researcher Jim Marrs, was also adapted for the highly controversial and successful Oliver Stone film JFK. Below is a passage from Crossfire, as it relates to the apparent Harrelson-Kennedy link: Aside from being twice convicted of murder for hire, Harrelson   the father of actor Woody Harrelson   had a long history of involvement with Dallas underworld characters linked directly to Jack Ruby. Continuing, the Crossfire also stated: The late Fort Worth graphics expert Jack White, who testified before the House Select Committee on Assassinations, already had noticed the resemblance of Harrelson to the youngest tramp. In a 1981 interview with Chuck Cook, Harrelson claimed to have the  biggest story  the reporter would ever have, when questioned about Kennedy s death. Additionally, Jo Ann Harrelson noted the  similarities  between the tramp photos and her husband. All this coupled with the fact Diane Lou Oswald (the mother of Woody), who had also been married to Charles Harrelson in Midland, Texas, made for a strange background concerning the JFK saga.Throughout 1981, more questions materialized regarding the assassination of Judge Wood in a UPI article, as Defense lawyers maintained [Charles] Harrelson was framed by police and the informant.  Charles an ex-felon, said a friend, Hampton Robinson III, who failed to show up to testify, had driven the car. He suggested someone, possibly federal agents, had planted the guns so he could be arrested. He denied telling [Department of Public Safety agent] Pagel he carried a gun. Below, in a KDFW-TV interview in 1982, Charles Harrelson back tracks somewhat on his claims of killing Kennedy   but does point directly to a larger conspiracy concerning the US government s involvement in the death of Kennedy as well as their alleged link to drug trade in America.The interview is a startling revelation, adding to the enigmatic JFK mystery and in the process   provides another strange backdrop to NBK Do you believe Lee Harvey Oswald killed President Kennedy alone   We ll get back to that   alone, without any aid from a rogue agency of the US government or at least a portion of that agency? I believe your very naive if you do.    Charles HarrelsonOn Independence Day in 1995, Charles along with two other inmates, Gary Settle and Michael Rivers, tried to escape from Atlanta Federal Penitentiary   later surrendering after warning shots were fired by guards.  ENTROPY & ECSTASY  - NBK s mass murder mayhem hits prime time TV.Fragmented Psyche, the Death Drive & Mind ControlWhen exploring the concept of Sigmund Freud s Death Drive and its relation to NBK, we should consider a thoughtful essay by Jon Mills entitled  Reflections on the Death Drive.  Here we can gain a better understanding of the tension at play within the psyche of Mickey and Mallory: Freud did not argue that death [thantos] was the only aim of life, only that it maintained a dialectical tension in juxtaposition to a life principle under the ancient command of Eros, yet the two forces of mind remained ontologically inseparable. In this relational age, the death drive appears to be a drowning man. Through this analysis, we can see the tug of war within the main characters of NBK   caught within a life and death cycle.Also observed throughout the nonlinear narrative of NBK, are the media mobs and throngs of onlookers mesmerized by the murderous duo s violent deeds during the course of the film, arguably revealing a Schadenfreude (joy derived from the misfortune of others).In essence, the abused become the abusers within the fragmented framework of NBK. This twist to the story pushes the observer into accepting and perhaps identifying with the malevolent turn of the Knoxes because of their own flawed and tragic upbringing. This reality is recognized in the rise against perceived corruption (particularly law enforcement) in the form of social justice group think.However, this is where the film purposely presents a false paradigm to those subconsciously seeking their own radical retribution   something which further fractures the viewer s perception by utilizing stereotypical patterns or in this case violent molds to excuse the rampage carried out by Mickey and Mallory Knox.This type of false paradigm forms a preconditioned response in favor of vigilantism; preventing the viewer s ability to see things in an unbiased way, which induces a type of cognitive dissonance in passive audiences, blocking one from considering a rational outlook in the aftermath of trauma.These concepts are central to understanding the nature of NBK, as it stirs questions about morality, societal behavior and the role played by both media and the public in an ongoing celebration of violence. In this sense, we can view NBK s excessive use of trauma-based imagery as statement about the modern age, a culture perpetually inundated by destructive media programming.In many ways, mind control abuse is heavily present within the topsy-turvy world of NBK. However, its presence in the film should be seen not necessarily as an indoctrination of the viewer but perhaps as a warning to those unaware of the psychic assault on their senses from all kinds of media.The film is laced with references to Dissociative Identity Disorder (DID), conjuring the CIA s mind-warping military backed program, MK-Ultra, an illegal project that used hypnosis, sensory deprivation and other forms of torture to coerce an individual psychologically. This is represented in the film s main characters, as they vacillate between periods of ultra-violent behaviour and delusional wishful daydreaming, something which reflects a complex background of abuse.Here s an in-depth ABC news documentary examining Project MK-Ultra and the role played by Scottish-American psychiatrist Donald Ewen Cameron The heart of MK-Ultra is also seen in the controversial paper entitled From PSYOP to MindWar: The Psychology of Victory , written in part by the avowed satanist Michael Aquino, a high ranking security official, who was stated to have been inspired by Lieutenant Colonel John Alexander s article on  pyschotronics,  the employment of extrasensory perception, the transmission and reception of information via the mind.NBK s use of disturbing content might be best understood through its critique of mass media and the larger role that media has played in forcing trauma-based imagery on the public in a manner similar to that of covert military projects. In other words, NBK s volatile imagery is meant to be a savage attack on media itself and should be observed as a critique on media abuse as a whole   not something that overtly supports cruelty.Other aspects of abuse are also present in NBK, whether it s Mallory s unseen abuse by her father Ed, the hostage held captive by the psychotic pair at the  Lodge  motel or Scagnetti s deranged and vile coping mechanism for his own tragic upbringing.Towards the end of the film, under a Stockholm Syndrome spell, crack reporter Gale, attempts to transform himself for the sake of Mickey and Mallory. This later leads to his demise, when he discovers he s not truly a natural born killer. We see the camera capture the action  to tell the tale  of Mickey and Mallory one more time. In the film s final surreal sequence, we see Mickey and Mallory driving in an RV as parents. The idea here is that the Knoxes represent a future society, a future nuclear family, one without traditional moral values, transformed by the death of American culture. This is something which is echoed by Leonard Cohen s song The Future at the end of the film.  PRISON BREAK    Mickey waxes poetic until a prison riot is sparked after talking to Gale. During the prison scene, Stone enlisted some 200 hardened criminals for the realistic riot scene.Cult Crimes & The Daily ShooterWhen concerning America s cult crimes, investigative journalist Maury Terry, and his book The Ultimate Evil, comes to mind. Winding down a dark and treacherous path, Terry s research uncovered the dark details about the so-called Helter Skelter killings, also known as the Tate-LaBianca murders, the  Son of Sam  shootings and other bizarre ritually crafted murders cascading across America from the 1960 s throughout the 1980 s.In an article published by Los Angeles Magazine, writer Michael Bendrix, discussed Terry s controversial book and the  web of terror  surrounding the apparent satanic ritual abuse (SRA) cult cases connected from coast to coast: Although Manson and David Berkowitz never knew each other, they both belonged at different times and on different coasts to the same umbrella satanic-cult organization, called the Process. The Process Church s dark history (splintered off from Scientology), also recalls the Temple of Set church, a reboot of Anton Levay s Church of Satan, as well as Jim Jones and the People s Temple. Interestingly, Jones  friend Dan Mitrione, was an operative trained in  advanced counterinsurgency techniques,  working with both the FBI and CIA, adding to the prevailing mystery of the Brian Jonestown massacre.According to the researcher John Judge, Jones, once a poor preacher, started People s Temple after meeting Mitrione. Judge uncovered much of the media manipulation in the aftermath of the Brian Jonestown massacre. Much of which, was used to besiege the American public through a distortion of facts   something that we see reflected in many high profile cases today.In the arresting book Programmed to Kill by writer and researcher David McGowan, we see an examination of the American media and government agency propelled serial killer saga in a chapter entitled The Myth of the Serial Killer. Here is a passage that directly relates to the narrative of NBK and in some cases, crimes occurring in America today: Most Americans are probably familiar with what is considered the classic serial killer  profile.  This was a notion first put forth by the venerable FBI, which coined the term  serial killer,  and pioneered the concept of  profiling,  in an alleged attempt to understand the phenomenon of mass murder. It appears to be the case though the concept of the  serial killer profile  was put forth largely to misinform the public. In the case of Henry Lee Lucas, few if any of the elements of the serial killer profile apply. For instance, serial killers are said to act alone, driven to do so only by their own private demons. So far removed from ordinary behavior are their actions that they would not, indeed could not, share their private passions with others. In Henry s case, this is a patently false notion. It has been officially acknowledged that Lucas worked with not just one, but at times as many as three accomplices Later, McGowan links the CIA s politically motivated counter-insurgency campaign within Vietnam (Operation Phoenix) to a domestic version (Operation CHAOS) of terror, featuring serial killings throughout the 1960 s, in order to create a climate of fear to push for a police state crackdown.The CIA s Operation CHAOS  collected substantial amounts of information on domestic dissidents from 1967 to 1973,  as admitted by the CIA.Over 40 years ago, a horrific crime spree took place sometime between 1972 -1974 that was dubbed the Zebra Murders. It was a shocking crime spree that shook the San Francisco area to the core.The murders were supposedly refered to as  Zebra , because the radio communications channel that police talked over was channel Z. Reportedly, four Black Muslim men calling themselves the  Death Angels were spawned from a known cointelpro hangout, Nation of Islam.The Death Angels were said to have shot future Mayor of San Francisco Art Angos. Some researchers on the subject have suggested that the Death Angels were trained counter-intelligence assassins tasked with fomenting a race war in America.In the 1990 s the idea of the  lone  serial killer phenomena faded into the background, exploding with the revamped media-driven image of the mass murder around every tabloid corner. When the decade came to a close, tabloid news produced the ratings that networks like ABC, CBS and NBC were starving for. The news world changed after the O. J. Simpson trial, opening the door for larger outlets to run the type of sensational TV programming previously reserved for popular shows like A Current Affair, Hard Copy and Inside Edition   everything from salacious  soft feature  celebrity pieces, to murder stories and courtroom dramas such as Divorce Court and Judge Judy seeped into regular television fair.Similarly in the world today, the public has become reprogrammed by the fear-based odyssey of the  War On Terror  era and in more recent happenings such as the barrage of Daily Shooter mass casualty incidents rippling across America and Europe in the form of Gladio-style operations, we see another phase in the assault on reality. These cases have risen to the forefront in media as there is only a passing footnote concerned about serial killings, largely due to the public s desensitization.This new kind of  crimescape  injects the collective hive mind with a host of socio-political concerns over race, religion, reform and security, while obscuring the forensic synopsis of a crime itself.The notion that serial killers have in fact not acted alone under the  lone wolf  banner, coincides with findings about many of today s mass-shooters, who in a number of cases covered here at 21WIRE, have involved multiple suspects, actors and drills. Most recently in America, the events surrounding the Orlando Pulse night club were called into question, as eye-witness accounts suggested multiple suspects in the alleged lone wolf attack and that the authorities themselves may be to blame for some of the apparent deaths.Additionally, back in 2013, the alleged Pulse nightclub shooter Omar Mateen, was placed under a terror watch list for 10 months (interviewed three times by the FBI between 2013-14) having worked for one of the largest security firms (G4S Secure Solutions, headquartered in Jupiter, Florida) in the US and around the world since 2007. The firm was formerly part of a CIA-linked government contractor and security firm, Wackenhut Corporation. Mateen s extensive background with G4S, reveals another yet another curious connection between security and terror.When discussing the mass shooter phenomena as it relates to terror and security, writer and researcher Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis, stated the following: The purpose of organized black op events is the psychological warfare effect of mass shootings.  All warfare is psychological warfare, as the intent of the attacking party or army desires to bring about the acquiescence of the enemy. Warfare itself is merely a tool to bring about the psychological submission of the other side, while the intention of wiping out the enemy forces are secondary.  Why deplete one s own forces and resources if the enemy can be molded to think accordingly? In this sense, terrorism is the purposeful display of chaos and fear that arises from the radical disturbance of the normal, daily patterns and social routines of the enemy with the intent of achieving an alteration in the psyche of the target populace. Indeed, as critical pieces of Daily Shooter events come together  evidence often suggests a highly organized and coordinated event involving many players. Those players then craft the three dimensions of how we are to view the event   carrying out the event are as follows: members of the police and security services, and most crucially, members of the global media. The last and most important group provides the fourth dimension of this reality, and that is you the public.How you view any questionable event   is the pinnacle for the architects of any impressive psy-op.A fifth dimension is based on the fourth, which is how the architects and social engineers observe your reactions to the event. From this, data is collected, social media is monitored, then metered, opinions are analyzed, and public reactions are measured. The conclusions will be used to form the baseline and design of future  shock and awe  operations reacting directly to the public s response.  CASTING CRISIS    Media fed madness hits the front page.Reality RebornIn an exploratory essay entitled  Critical Theories of Mass Media: Then and Now,  written by Paul A. Taylor and Jan Ll. Harris, we can see clearer role of NBK and how it relates to the modern era: The  shock  of the modern urban environment is figured in terms of a welter of new micro-perceptions, disorientating cuts and contingent images a realm of experience that also characterizes the cinematic experience. Cinema thus trains the sensorium and helps the subject adapt to this new technological social reality. While NBK covers some dark and sometimes philosophical territory, it often hints at something much darker than our imaginations can comprehend. In this sense, the viewer feels like a guilty voyeur in a culture of violence, reliving trauma gratuitously through the callous and obsessive lens of mass media.In the past critics and media have accused NBK itself of giving rise to  copycat  crimes as well as the Columbine High School massacre, and the Dunblane massacre. But interestingly, these two high profile shootings from the 1990 s have a number of questionable elements forensically, such as conflicting eyewitness testimony and how they were apparently carried out.NBK can be thought of as an ultra or hyper-reality, an unreality more real than reality. While critics of the film cite NBK s dangerous content and presentation, it employs a heavy dose of artificial reality in order to inject certain universal truths about the nature of man and media. In an article for Ceasefire magazine, Andrew Robinson deconstructs Jean Baudrillard s hyper-reality. A concept prominently observed while watching NBK: Hyperreality is a special kind of social reality in which a reality is created or simulated from models, or defined by reference to models   a reality generated from ideas. The term has implications of  too much reality    everything being on the surface, without mystery;  more real than reality    too perfect and schematic to be true, like special effects; and  para-reality , an extra layer laid over, or instead of, reality. It is experienced as more real than the real, because of its effect of breaking down the boundary between real and imaginary. It is a  real  without  origin or reality , a reality to which we cannot connect. In an informative piece by Randy Laist, Ph. D., entitled,  Murder and Montage: Oliver Stone s Hyperreal Period,  we see a complex blended reality at play during NBK: Mickey and Mallory are the icons of the new reality: the image ripped out of its context, the innocent killer, the fictional character roaming free across the video prairies of the new manmade nature.  Natural Born Killers elicits our own complicity with the cultural tendency it satirizes, blending critique with enactment in a way that collapses the border between character and audience as well as between moralistic valuations of guilt and innocence. In this perpetual age of terror, highly sophisticated methods are used to alter, distort and reform the public mind. NBK was able to pull back the curtain on mass media s scripted reign READ MORE ALTERNATIVE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood Files",0
22507,Boiler Room EP #68 – 4 Non-Binary Blondes & Social Justice Triggly Convulsions,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki of Alt Right Blogspot, Jay Dyer from jaysanalysis.com, Jamie Hanshaw (author of Weird Stuff: Hollywood Mind Control)  Randy J, and hopefully Daniel Spaulding. Tonight the Boiler Gang is talking about  Birlfriends  and  Bothfriends , Spore takes Red Hot Chilli Pepper s Flea to task for his SJW oriented remarks against Clint Eastwood, Daniel Spaulding brings a clip of former CIA Director, Michael Morell, saying that  We need to Kill Russians and Iranians  to a smug Charlie Rose, the absurdity of the main stream media and left wing establishment kettle calling pot black with regards to Trumps supposed connections to Russia and much more on this August 11th edition of Boiler Room.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Reference Links:",0
22508,Daily Shooter Academy: Florida Woman Shot Dead by Police During ‘Roleplay’ Drill,"21st Century Wire says This is something which 21WIRE has been warning about for years, ever since the  regional  police confabs and DHS fusion centers began the new national obsession with  Active Shooter  drills. In this latest episode of the Daily Shooter, local law enforcement in Punta Gorda, Florida, accidentally use live rounds and fatally shoot an innocent woman participating in a so-called  shoot/don t shoot  scenario   where a police officer plays the role of the  bad guy  and the unsuspecting woman the victim. Punta Gorda Police Department (Facebook)Mary Knowlton, 73, was shot by at least one live round, possibly more, during the exercise. She later died at the local hospital.Fatal  Fusion  DrillAccording to the City of Punta Gorda s website, the decedent and 34 other people were attending a  free, eight session course of interactive classes designed to provide insight into City government and to develop future leaders through well informed and civically engaged residents. The program is officially called  Citizens Academy  and gives citizens  an up-close and personal look at how City government functions and helps shape our community. Woman killed in Punta Gorda PD gun demonstration   https://t.co/jZR6f8eYtv #winknews pic.twitter.com/UQqPchucZb  WINK News (@winknews) August 10, 2016At press time, no media outlets are questioning why Punta Gorda s citizens are being subjected to this level of simulated violence during a government funded civics  class. What have we learned? Nothing.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter Files",0
22509,PROPAGANDA: Star Trek Beyond – Social Justice Warriors in Space,"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireThe last Star Trek reboot saw Benedict Cumberbatch as Kahn, the berserk super soldier who was angry about the  Federation  doing some such nefarious thing to his people group.  This installment  included curious references to false flags which I detailed here.Before that, in the initial reboot, there was an angry alien who attacked the Federation over his tribal group being shat upon (or, Shatnered upon!).  So, for the third time in a row, we have roughly the same plot of dispossessed discontent tribalists and unique people groups who become terrorists when their way of life is encroached upon by the United Nations, er, NATO, er, New World Order, er Federation.We have seen this pattern often in the Star Trek, but in the recent installment, it s even more pronounced as we discover the character Sulu is gay.  Indeed, trans-specism and the destruction of people groups under liberal tyranny has always been the worldview of Star Trek   Gene Roddenberry was a rabidly atheistic globalist (or, as an even darker possibility, was Roddenberry a member of an occultic group known as  The Nine, ?).There is some interesting evidence connecting Roddenberry (connected to the Esalen Institute  which I covered here) to esoteric groups, mind control and the Rand Corporation.  This would explain the many gnostic, scientistic, platonic and at times interestingly philosophical episodes, in the original series and its Next Generation successor.Secret Sun blog explains: So if you were hawking a sci-fi religion, who better to approach than the creator of the sci-fi sensation of the early/mid 70s? From 2008:In early 1975, a broke and depressed Roddenberry was approached by a British former race car driver named Sir John Whitmore, who was associated with a strange organization called  Lab-9.  Though unknown to the public, Lab-9 were ostensibly a sort of an independent version of the X-Files, dedicated to the research of paranormal phenomena. However, Lab-9 had another, more complex agenda- they later claimed to be in contact with a group of extraterrestrials called the  Council of Nine Lab-9 had wanted to hire Roddenberry to write a screenplay based on the Council of Nine s imminent return .Lab-9 flew him out to their headquarters, located on a large estate in Ossining, NY. There, Roddenberry met and interviewed several psychics, and prepared the groundwork for his script.Roddenberry wrote a script called The Nine, in which he fictionalized his experiences at Lab-9 and the message for humanity that the Council of Nine wished to convey Beam me up, RAND!(T)his was no ragtag bunch of hippie phreaks that Roddenberry was dealing with Roddenberry biographer Joel Engel noted that Whitmore introduced Roddenberry to several key figures in the British Broadcasting Corp. as well.  In regard to the connection to RAND, Opsecnews states:According to the TrekPlace website Harvey P. Lynn, Jr. (?-1987), a member of the prestigious RAND Corporation, provided Star Trek original series creator Gene Roddenberry with scientific and technical advice during preproduction of the series.On the Rand Corporation s website the question is asked whether a RAND researcher designed the initial bridge of the Enterprise. The answer given is,  A Rand researcher, Harvey Lynn, was consulted, but as a private citizen, not as part of a RAND project. However in an interview from 1965 Jeffrey Hunter, who played captain Christopher Pike in the Star Trek pilot  The Cage  and preceded William Shatner as first captain of the Enterprise stated,  The things that intrigues me the most is that it is actually based on the Rand Corporation s projection of things to come. Except for the fictional characters, it will be like getting a look into the future and some of the predictions will surely come true in our lifetime. The inherent contradiction that Star Trek continually demonstrates is the contradiction of the liberal philosophy   and I mean in this in the classically liberal sense, that radical egalitarianism and atomistic individualism creates a horrid collective gathered around nothing more than liberalism itself.  In this way, liberalism and its epistemic and cultural relativism can only allow for itself, and must destroy and exclude all other options, including even non-liberal democracy.In numerous Star Trek episodes, we even see the  Prime Directive  of the Federation s commitment to not violating an existing culture violated under the pretended facade of liberal  rights  and values.   Western NGOs and foundations fulfill this very role today, with a cover of aiding the downtrodden, while secretly working for western political ends, as we see in the Soros-funded  White Helmets scam. (If anyone doubts RAND connections to Hollywood, let s not forget the 2014 faux scandal of The Interview). Ironically, the new film demonstrates this toxic cultural imperialism explicitly.  GlobalResearch explains: Aside from not addressing the darker side of US foreign policy, Hollywood movies like Forrest Gump carry subliminal messages. In the words of the US culture and entertainment magazine Rolling Stone:  The message of Forrest Gump was that if you think about the hard stuff too much, you ll either get AIDS or lose your legs. Meanwhile, the hero is the idiot who just shrugs and says  Whatever! whenever his country asks him to do something crazy.  What Rolling Stone is saying that listen to what you are commanded to do.Then there are movies like American Sniper that collapse US foreign policy into the simplistic notion of individual characters. What this does is collapse the event and the soldiers into one, which means that if ones criticize a US war that you are attacking the soldiers and their convictions. This is hiding behind the soldiers and detracting from the real issue of an illegal invasion and occupation. Nor is there any mention of Abu Ghraib or the false weapons of mass destruction lies. Rolling Stone had this to say about American Sniper:  Sniper is a movie whose politics are so ludicrous and idiotic that under normal circumstances it would be beneath criticism. The only thing that forces us to take it seriously is the extraordinary fact that an almost exactly similar worldview consumed the walnut-sized mind of the president who got us into the war in question. It s the fact that the movie is popular, and actually makes sense to so many people, that s the problem,  it also adds. In fact, as a result of the movie there was an increase in hate crimes in the US and negative feelings towards Arabs and Muslims. I was tempted to draw up an elaborate analysis of symbols and deeper meanings, but depth was absent in this film.  Other than an odd similarity between the  terrorist  character as a former soldier who went mad from radicalism (traditionalism!) being similar to the D.C.  sniper  event, Admiral Krall is merely a representation of any cultures or people groups who want a more traditional, organic existence and reject the Federation s globalism.  As such, they are  terrorists  who are impelled by their fury and insanity to bomb the glorious, multi-cultural megalopolis space city Yorktown.  In other words, all groups that aren t on board with globalism and liberal, inverted monoculture are terrists destined to attack New York.Krall thus represents the life-extension inherent in the damned traditionalism that will not die in the face of globalism.  Krall is a grotesque icon of the film s view of patriarchal, honor-based societies as a perpetual reptilian madness that humans must evolve beyond.  If you don t accept homo-mono-globo-liberalism, you are a terrorist that will unleash bioweapons in New York.The Holy United Nations and the space brothers have told the Pentagon humanity must evolve beyond distinctions and borders, and Gene and the pope are is its prophets. By the way   if the citizens of the multi cultural Yorktown space station can beam about at will, why didn t they just beam Admiral Krall into space when he had the bio weapon?Oops! #StarCuck #captainJamesTKuckREAD MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood FilesTo hear Jay s full podcasts, see more information and learn how you can become a subscriber to JaysAnalysis.Jay Dyer is the author of the forthcoming title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day.  Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast, Esoteric Hollywood, investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.",0
22510,"PAY 2 PLAY: Democratic Convention Ends Amid Controversy, Empty Seats & White Noise","Shawn Helton 21st Century WireThe 2016 Democratic National Convention was the latest in a long line of sordid political productions  It was a tough week for the Clinton  change makers  as Bernie Sanders delegates staged a mass walkout after a series of email leaks disclosed that a Clinton lawyer gave the DNC strategy advice on how to sideline the Sanders campaign.There were also claims of white noise machines used to quell any anti-Clinton dissent inside the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia. Help Wanted: Actors Needed Putting aside the fact that today s US presidential conventions have turned into celebrity show business promotional events (pop star Katie Perry, Ted Danson, and even British actor Orlando Bloom et all), there s another more disturbing controversy emerging   this time over a Craigslist ad stating that,  actors were needed for a national convention    prompting critics to suggest empty seats had to be filled prior to the end of the convention and that the July 27th ad was at the behest of the DNC.Whether or not all or some of the claims above are fully accurate, 2016 s DNC was unquestionably a contentious affair filled with a heavy dose of identity politics.In fact, the star-studded event conjured the bizarre Orlando Pulse nightclub shooting from just over a month ago by having Christine Leinonen speak at the convention, a former Michigan State Police trooper/Florida Attorney turned Wheel of Fortune hopeful, and mother of Christopher (Drew) Leinonen, an apparent victim of America s largest mass shooting. Here s Australia s Peekay Truth on YouTube examining the phenomena surrounding Christine Leinonen Interestingly, Chris Leinonen s pro gun father Mark Bando, a former patrol officer for the city of Detroit PD from 1974-99, did not speak at the convention on behalf of his son.Additionally at Leinonen s speech at the DNC, she was accompanied by Pulse nightclub shooting survivor Brandon Wolf, who just happens to be a former runner-up on Bravo TV s The Kandi Factory. We ve noted before, the many strange Hollywood links to the Pulse shooting, including the apparent actor-cum-shooter Omar Mateen.Below is a YouTube video from the user Run2Christ HD, which investigates the many casting connections linked to Brandon Wolf, while also disclosing that one of the Pulse nightclub founders, Ron Legler, is the president of the Florida Theatrical Association and a booking agent for national touring broadway productions. Some of FTA s productions include The Lion King, Chicago and The Phantom of the Opera.Here s Brandon Wolf ready for his close-up Here s a screen shot of Ron Legler s professional background Here at 21WIRE, we examined much of the anomalies associated with the Orlando shooting, an event that failed to account for any shootings said to have taken place within the nightclub, as the FBI s own transcript made no mention of individuals being shot inside the club.If you remember, according to FOX analyst, Judge Andrew Napolitano plainly states that all of the Pulse nightclub victims met their fate when Orlando police entered the building Here s a You Tube video montage from Educate Yourself, that displays some of the strange behaviour exhibited by Christine Leinonen More DNC discussion from Zero Hedge below DNC NIGHTMARE?    Empty seats observed during roll call at the DNC. (Image Source: fellowshipofminds)Zero HedgeDid The DNC Hire Actors (At Below Minimum Wage) To Work At The Convention?Following the exposure of a fake Trump job advertisement designed by The DNC to embarrass Trump, it is interesting that a Craigslist ad calling for  Actors Needed for National Convention  has surfaced Whether the ad is real or fake is unclear, but the text suggests below minimum wage compensation (7-plus hours work for $50) and the number of walkouts from the Convention indicates perhaps a need for cheering happy seat-fillers SNOOZEFEST    Bill Clinton nods off during Hillary s vacuous speech. (Image Source: YouTube)Actors Needed For National Convention (Philadelphia) compensation: $50.00 Looking for 700 people to be utilized as actors during the National Convention. We currently have a number of empty seats that will need to be filled as we are currently removing a number of people and need to refill their seats for the remainder of the conference. You will be paid $50.00 each night for the remainder of the convention. You will be required to cheer at all times and will be asked to dress properly and possibly wear some promotional material.Which makes sense if one looks at the following shocking video from film director, Josh Fox, best known for his Oscar-nominated anti-fracking documentary Gasland, captured inside the DNC As DailyWire.com reports, Fox tells the camera   This is amazing, this place is empty. There is nobody left in here. I mean this whole stadium, look at this,  as he pans his cellphone to show the lack of cheering Dems.He continues in disbelief, adding,  This is not voter enthusiasm . I can t believe my eyes. I ve never seen anything like this. This is the primetime of the Democratic National Convention right after the nomination of Hillary Clinton and this place is emptied out like crazy. I m stunned. This is insane. The whole California delegation is pretty much gone,  he adds.  I mean this has got to be something very worrisome for the Democrats. Voter enthusiasm wins elections. More from Zero Hedge .READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSEE ALSO: CASTING CRISIS: Orlando s Actors, Agents and Casualty Role PlayersREAD MORE ORLANDO SHOOTING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Orlando FilesHelp support us by becoming a 21WIRE Member at: 21WIRE.TV",0
22511,VIDEO: Top 10 Most Embarrassing Presidential Family Members,"21st Century Wire says These family members made the president s life miserable, and a few just might continue for years to come Three members of our Top 10 actually managed to get stage time for the balloon drop at the closing of this week s Democratic National Convention.Notably, #3 on our list, Roger  Headache  Clinton moshed to the DNC s new pop anthem  Stronger Together  but it appears this has already been cut out of most mainstream video footage.As #8 on our list, Jeb would say,  Please clap  Not to be outdone: BROTHERLY LOVE: Hillary Clinton s brother, Hugh Rodham (center), seen lurking about the convention stage. THE BROTHERS RODHAM: Tony (left) and Hugh Rodham make #6 on our list of most embarrassing presidential family members   as brothers-in-law of ex-President Bill Clinton.Certainly, these men may have just edged Billy Carter right off all master lists.WATCH THIS VIDEO AND MORE HEREREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22512,Boiler Room EP #67 – The Choice of a Screwed Generation,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki of Alt Right Blogspot, Jay Dyer from jaysanalysis.com and ACR s big wave surfer, Stewart Howe. Tonight the Boiler Gang is talking about the Liberal Left feeling BURNT by the way Bernie flopped over to endorse Hillary after having his nomination stolen by hook and crook as revealed by the wikileaks hacks. We unfortunately, once again, as though forced by a week of news happenings, dive deep into project Mockingbird/Gladio style stage managed terror events. We discuss a growing swath of bought and paid for FAKE news, the repealing of the Smith Mundt Act effectively legalizing LYING to the public at the behest of the crime syndicates that own and run the mainstream media. A candid chat about the ugly effects of the divide and rule tyranny imposed upon us by the propagandists and social engineers with lines drawn in the sand based on identity politics is rounded out by a scathing review of Michelle Obamas comments at the DNC by E.T. Williams. We d be remiss if we didn t cover some highlights and lowlights from the RNC/DNC, as well, on this very special 67th edition of Boiler Room.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!Reference Links:",0
22513,‘STRANGER THINGS’ – Hollywood MK Ultra Goes Full Occult,"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireThe popular 80s pastiche series Stranger Things begins with a familiar scene of E.T. nostalgia, centering around Dungeons & Dragons. The scene is particularly familiar to me, since I played D&D back in the day, but learned very quickly this nefarious practice was like kryptonite to all things female.  Oddly enough, the series appears to reflect a new trend amongst Hollywood A-listers, where nerd culture has revived the ancient 80s practice of playing D&D.  The Hollywood Reporter explains the trend and its connection to acting and role-playing: Vin Diesel plays it. So do Dwayne Johnson, Drew Barrymore, Stephen Colbert, Mike Myers and Jon Favreau, among other bold-face names. Some even built their careers by playing it The decades-old role-playing game   in which participants roll multisided dice while pretending to be mystical creatures such as elves and dwarves   finally is coming out of the closet (or, in this case, Mom s basement).  There s a huge resurgence of nerd culture, especially with the tech boom,  says Silicon Valley s Martin Starr, a longtime D&D enthusiast.  If nerds were still poor and living at their mothers , nobody would be paying any attention to Dungeons & Dragons. But nerds rule the world, and D&D is making a big comeback   and I m excited about it. While this certainly relates to a furtherance of one s improv skills, it also relates to the occult side of Hollywood, though I don t take the ridiculous evangelical view that D&D is inherently evil.  Rather, the notion of role-playing is synonymous with the ancient view of acting as dramaturgy, or ritual invocation of the gods.  Comparative religion scholar Dudley Young writes: The earliest gods were invoked by ritual act (dromenon = the thing done) such as a sacrificial dance, commemorating the fact that our life begins and ends when they call upon us.  Subsequently the thing was said (legomenon) as well as done, and the dromenon was on its way to becoming the drama.  Once speech within the temple precincts has been endowed with the power of word-magic, we have  the invocation  properly so called.  (Dudley Young, Origins of the Sacred: The Ecstasies of Love and War, pg. 413)Set in the fictional small town of Hawkins, Indiana in 1983, we will see the accidental dramaturgical invocation where the D&D simulacrum appears to actually be related on a deeper level to the occult phenomena that begin to occur.  The disappearance of young Will Byers sparks a series of events that take Hawkins down a black rabbit hole of every conspiracy theory ever, melded with the opening of the inter-dimensional gates from every John Carpenter film. Originally slated to be titled  Montauk,  the series echoes the dubious accounts of Project Montauk, where purportedly time and space were altered in government-sponsored PsyOps and time travel  experiments with famed UFO researcher Jacques Vallee commenting the experiments were related to the Philadelphia Experiment.  For more information and speculation on this topic, I interviewed Dr. Farrell on his views here.D & D invokes the entities in E.T.. The stories of Montauk appear to originate in a book series by Preston Nichols, who claims to have discovered  repressed memories  of the event.  This laughable scenario immediately smacks of PsyOps, making the original connection to large-scale deception all the more appropriate.  Even Vallee alleges the  experiment is a hoax, suggesting an experiment in seeing what you can get people to believe, as opposed to some real space-time warping experiment. Vallee writes: I hypothesized that the experiments had to do with a radar countermeasures test. Indeed a Raytheon advertisement published thirteen years ago suggested that the corresponding technology was now out in the open (Raytheon, 1980). This hypothesis, however, failed to explain a few of the facts that highlighted the story. In particular it did not account for the observed disappearance of the destroyer from the harbor, for the mysterious devices brought on board under extreme security precautions, or for the alleged disappearance of two sailors from a nearby tavern. While it may be the case that the Navy altered space-time, does Vallee not consider the possibility this is all bullshit, as so many  military whistleblowers  and  generals  so often  leak ?  Rather, as is so often the case, all the  evidence  for these events relies on some retired Navy man with all the credentials of the Navy man from the Village People. This is also why the Montauk tale mixes aliens and other nonsense in with the notion of the Apollo Mission being staged   disinformation.  Vallee himself was a high up government operator with an interest in occultism and Rosicrucianism, and is represented in Spielberg s Close Encounters by the character of Claude Lacombe (played by Francois Truffaut).Through the dimensional gate: the Demogorgon saps energy and hatches incubus style demon-babies in Ridley Scott form. .Thus, all of this functions as the spirit behind Stranger Things, as well as myriad other influences, such as Star Wars, Alien, Goonies, H.P. Lovecraft, Evil Dead, X-Men, Stephen King, and John Carpenter.  That said, I consider the series as accurately showing some aspects of the spiritual realm, couched in scientistic mysticism, where our initial suspicion of extra-terrestrial alien manipulation is revealed to be both terrestrial and demonic.  The Demogorgon inhabits a realm that is the  upside down,  the negative or demonic dark side of our world, which matches up to the Kabbalistic notion of the Qilphoth or the Abyss of Da at at times, as Crowley claims: This doctrine is extremely difficult to explain; but it corresponds more or less to the gap in thought between the Real, which is ideal, and the Unreal, which is actual. In the Abyss all things exist, indeed, at least in posse, but are without any possible meaning; for they lack the substratum of spiritual Reality. They are appearances without Law. They are thus Insane Delusions  Now the Abyss being thus the great storehouse of Phenomena, it is the source of all impressions. Spoiler alert, but the missing children are not only part of MK Ultra, but are being used in top-secret testing that includes LSD, sensory deprivation and the development of Men Who Stare at Goats (or Kids Who Stare at Kittens)-type mental powers.  Interestingly, the abducted super-soldier kid named  11  and  El  is specifically told to kill a kitten which is rumored to be an aspect of trauma-based mind control.  Basically, all the rumors of hardcore child abuse and mind control are rolled into the series with the character  El,  who is able to remote view the spiritual realm and spy on Soviets (as well as Demogorgons).Like the simulacrum in Spielberg films, the spirits communicate across the void through the Kabbalistic principle of esoteric symbology and linguistics, as I showed in my Close Encounters analysis.. Oblivious to the dangers of such programs, Mr. Man in Black Shadow Government from the Dept. of Energy persists in hunting down his escaped  daughter  El (hinting at sexual abuse), who finds her way into the Goonies gang of Mike, Will and Lucas (I m assuming you ve seen it).  Most interesting is the biblical and occult notion of the opening of  gates  through such  scientific  experiments, which are in fact occult rituals involving child adduction and sacrifice under the guise of  cancer  research (MK Ultra).  Could this be a hint at what the cancer complex is really involved in?  Genetic and psychological experimentation with children for the  greater good ?  Certainly there have been numerous cases of missing children in the US, as well as small towns experimented on by the shadow government.  It would seem that Stanger Things is obliquely referencing these themes, as well as the possibility of actual murders and abductions, as author William Ramsey argues here.Given blood and sacrifice bring the demon and open the gate, we can assume the references are to the goetia, where demons are invoked through sigils. . Two notions that occurred to me I have not seen tacked yet in the series is the strange reference to the loss of  father  and  God,  as we see no strong male figures.  Hop the cop, like a horny rabbit, hops from girl to girl having lost his daughter, while Will s father is a deadbeat.  In Mike and Nancy s household, the ineffectual, sterile father character of Mr. Wheeler remains ever clueless while arguing to Mrs. Wheeler the  government is on our side,  and would never lie.Set in the Cold War, the fear and panic of the ridiculous  Russian Threat  in the background of the series allows the shadow state to develop the explicitly-named Star Wars Defense Program, where  lasers and space weapons  are being made to destroy the  Russkies.  Amazingly accurate in this insight, this is a point JaysAnalysis has been highlighting the last few years with the hype of the Cold War deception allowing for the rise of the dark military industrial complex which seems to have a penchant for human sacrifice.  Note that I have argued many times that Mk Ultra was not merely a mind control experiment, but was about the entire biosphere, under the Department of Energy.Cop Hop discovers the advanced weapons lab facility is involved in MK Ultra   something I have discussed many times. . The sacrifice of the youth for the dark designs of the shadow government is the ultimate conspiracy in the series, but what is more remarkable than this is the explanation by the Man in Black Dr. Brenner (Matthew Modine) that the sacrifice of sons and daughters for the gorgodemon is for the good of America.  In other words, we are given the impression our villain knows the real source of the dark power in Hawkins, the demonic, and that the sacrifice of humans and blood draws it nearer and nearer.  Foolishly assuming this dark energy can be harnessed for U.S. supremacy, Dr. Brenner is behind both MK Ultra and the SDI program that requires the sacrifice of America s  sons and daughters !  This spiritual dimension is the accurate and insightful aspect of the series, but the message is not all good.Dr. Brenner demands more demonic channeling from El. Note her similarity of appearance to the Princess in The Never Ending Story..  The flip side, as mentioned, is that El as an androgynous, yet dominantly feminine archetype, is a form of the incarnation of the goddess.  We have seen this of late in pop fiction more times than I can count, in examples like Hanna, Hunger Games, Lucy, Ex Machina and Jupiter Ascending, where the gnostic perspective of exalting the opposing force to the male is assumed to bring a cosmically needed  balance to the war hawk patriarchy.  A perennial myth of liberal fantasies, the feminist archetype will in no way bring peace and balance, only more destruction as gender roles continue to be confused.  Feminism is part of that very destruction, and the fact that El shouts out in the aether  God,   Dad  and  Gone,  suggests her association with Dr. Brenner as her  dad  and Father God s lack of answer to her call, means the solution to the spiritual problems of man can be found in a Luciferian evolution of humans beyond the  traps  of gender and evil patriarchal deities.  In occultist Edmund Spenser s Faerie Queen, we read:Downe in the bottome of the deepe Abysse Where Demogorgon in dull darknesse pent, Farre from the view of Gods and heauens blis, The hideous Chaos keepes, their dreadfull dwelling is.   (Book IV, Canto ii, stanza 47)In the process of becoming cruciform, the sacred feminine pistis Sophia incarnate destroys the patriarchal  non-God. .  Indeed, El annihilates the cruciform Demogorgon as if it were a demiurge that has imprisoned the town spiritually.  This is precisely the Luciferian view   Jesus and/or God the Father are demiurges who have imprisoned humans in this dimension and sap their energy as vampires, requiring blood sacrifice.  Of course, none of that is true, as the Logos is the salvation of the human race, reconciling them to God by becoming Incarnate and destroying Death.  In the gnostic scheme the roles are reversed, where El becomes the Luciferian dark hero rescuing the town through her sacrifice to destroy the cruciform demon-god.  And, as you probably guessed, that is why her name is  El,  recalling the old Canaanite term for the gods who warred against Jehovah in the Bible.  In fact, the Demogorgon is generally traced back to the demiurge.The series also uses numerology frequently, such as  11  and  77  suggesting the demonology of Crowley and references to 9/11 as a ritual initiation.  Interestingly, light is mentioned several times in the series as both a means of communication and symbol of enlightenment.  As you can see in the above image,  photosynthesis  is placed behind El as she dissolves the Demogorgon, suggesting the dissolution of Traditional Religion by  enlightenment,  perfectly consonant with the message of Gnosticism and Luciferianism.The gateways have been opened through mass human sacrifice of America s sons and daughters   the  new man  is a dark, half-androgynous goddess who will destroy the  genocidal  patriarchal religions and bring a new Amerikan aeon of the crowned and conquering girl-child, a Luciferian world order.READ MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood FilesTo hear Jay s full podcasts, see more information and learn how you can become a subscriber to JaysAnalysis.Jay Dyer is the author of the forthcoming title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day.  Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric,JaysAnalysis and his podcast, Esoteric Hollywood, investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.",0
22514,Michelle Obama DNC speech: ‘I wake up every morning in a house built by slaves’,"21st Century Wire says The Democratic Party National Convention hit full swing in Philadelphia yesterday, as fashion and celebrity politics dominated the the presentation. The First Lady also took to the podium and invoked slavery in order to to stir delegates, and to try and propel DNC nominee Hillary Clinton forward for November s election. I wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves,  she said. Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuqu61b3YVE . See more celebrity and fashion highlights here.  Watch as Texas-based, black/Afro-American author and pundit E.T. Williams breaks down the psychological messaging behind Michelle Obama s slavery comments, as well as what he believes is her party s over-reliance on identity politics as its primary strategy. ",0
22515,Oliver Stone: Pokémon Go is ‘Surveillance Capitalism’ for a Robotic Society," Press Association The GuardianFilm director Oliver Stone has branded the popular gaming app Pok mon Go a  new level of invasion  of privacy that could lead to  totalitarianism .The American reportedly voiced concerns over the game as he promoted his new movie about NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden at Comic-Con International.After he was asked about security concerns associated with Pok mon Go, Stone said companies were carrying out  surveillance capitalism  by monitoring people s behaviour.According to Time magazine, he told the Comic-Con audience in San Diego:  It s not funny. What s happening is a new level of invasion.  The profits are enormous here for places like Google. They ve invested a huge amount of money in data mining what you are buying, what you like, your behaviour. It s what some people call surveillance capitalism. He added:  You ll see a new form of, frankly, a robot society. It s what they call totalitarianism. Pok mon Go, which is free to download, has faced criticism over claims it could access a player s entire Google account, including email and passwords.The app s makers, Niantic, insisted the move was unintentional and reassured users it was not collecting any exceptional data Continue this story at The GuardianREAD MORE POKEMON GO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Pokemon Go Files",0
22516,"Jay Dyer on Tragedy & Hope – Part 4: Rothschilds, Central Banks, FDR & the US Imperium","Jay Dyer 21st Century WirePicking up where we left off in Part 3, we look at Quigley s analysis of Germany prior to World War II and the rise of Nazism, the situation in France with the dominance of the Catholic, Protestant and Jewish banking houses, and how Rothschild came out on top. We also look at how all three of these colluded to establish a fake front known as the Bank of France at the behest of their agent, Napoleon. (Hour 2) Revolutions lead to consolidation and the establishment of a central bank, where the  Great Leader  hands the nation s assets and future capital over to the bankers. Sound familiar? You re correct   FDR does the same thing, as Caroll Quigley explains. From there, we look at the sections where Quigley details the third way convergence and the coming technocratic global state and how the revolutions, from Protestantism to Darwinism, prepared the way for the Liberal U.S. Imperium. READ MORE SHADOW GOVERNMENT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Shadow Government FilesTo hear Jay s full podcasts, see more information and learn how you can become a subscriber to JaysAnalysis.Jay Dyer is the author of the forthcoming title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day.  Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric,JaysAnalysis and his podcast, Esoteric Hollywood, investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.",0
22517,Boiler Room #66 – Globo-Terror & The PokeGo-pocalypse,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals. Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki of Alt Right Blogspot and Stewart Howe. Tonight the Boiler sees the triumphant return of both Stewart Howe and Andy Nowicki for a lively discussion on the phenomenon of  PokemonGo  and it s nefarious connections to Google and the CIA. We also cover the forces funding the Black Lives Matter movement from behind the scenes, a continuing analysis of the barrage Gladio style terror as portrayed by the Main Stream Media and whatever else crosses our radar in the live setting.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!  Reference Links:READ MORE POKEMON GO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Pokemon Go Files",0
22518,US Police Dept Uses ‘Pokémon Go’ to Lure Fugitives to Police Station,"21st Century Wire says Another harbinger of the end of civilization as we once knew it. If you are considering downloading this app and getting into this new apocalyptic pastime, we urge you to stop and check yourself. Mindless lemmings chasing after digital illusions. This is the true dystopia The Guardian/ AP Police in New Hampshire s largest city are using Pok mon Go in an attempt to lure fugitives into their clutches. A post on the Manchester police department Facebook page announced that officers recently detected one of the more rare Pokemon characters   a Charizard   in the booking area of police headquarters.The post invited those whose names appeared on a list linked to the post to be  one of the lucky ones  to come and capture the creature. The list included the names of the more than 500 fugitives on the department s wanted persons roundup.Appearances of rare Pok mon characters have drawn huge crowds in cities around the globe. This week, the appearance of a super-rare Vaporeon in New York City caused players to swarm to Central Park.The crazed scene was captured on video and posted to Twitter on Friday, causing one appalled used to write:  I honestly am wondering if we re on the verge of a global breakdown. Read more at The GuardianREAD MORE POKEMON GO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Pokemon Files",0
22519,US-UK DIRTY WAR: ‘Latin American-style’ Death Squads in Iraq Revealed Through Chilcot," Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireThis week another toxic revelation dripped from the Chilcot Report.According to top British SAS officers, US commander Stanley McChrystal s counter-insurgency  black-ops  featured a program of relentless violence designed to  speed up  the process of political cleansing and the so-called  reconstruction  of Iraq.What is so interesting here, is the Chilcot s choice of language, including the term  Latin American-style death squads , which by default implies the United States government was party to war crimes in Central America during the 1980 s   a claim which has always been strenuously denied in public, even though the general public and academia recognizes this to be a self-evident fact of America s long-running ugly history of intervention in that region.The Independent report reveals the level of sheer depravity by US command: The mission was an extraordinary set-up: inside the command centre    The Machine    was the  Death Star , on the walls of which were banks of television screens,  Kill TV , running live pictures of action taking place and surveillance footage in real time from which suspects could be picked out for future arrest or elimination. The Independent also detailed how reckless and violent practices by the US military caused noticeable divisions and splits between joint US-UK command structures and operations, including political tension between British military command.Through the newly created  Office of Special Plans , neoconservatives Paul Wolfowitz and Douglas Feith rolled out their own sub-layer to the US controlled shadow government in Iraq, including the establishment of the  Iraqi De Baathification Council  which, under the supervision of then US Viceroy Paul Bremer, began dismantling the Iraqi military, security and intelligence agency infrastructures of President Saddam Hussein. And so began the process of the Pentagon s  de-Baathification  process in Iraq, immediately followed by a hive of violent  Gangs and Counter-gangs  created by the US and UK covert military and intelligence apparatuses. Front and center in this effort were US operatives John Negroponte and his understudy at the time, Robert Ford, who was later dispatched as US Ambassador to Syria in the run-up to the Syrian Conflict which began in 2011.The legacy of this destructive policy still lingers in Iraq and now in Syria. This unquestionably spawned ISIS and many other terrorist factions in both Iraq and Syria. Only last week, Iraq saw its most deadly car bomb ever, a questionable  sectarian attack  (a narrative not challenged by the western and international press) which killed 200 innocent civilians, and injured many more. GLADIO REDUX: A map of every car bomb in Baghdad since the US-UK invasion in 2003 (Source: Twitter)Prof Michel Chossudovsky explains this same highly disturbing pattern that generally follows every US intervention overseas, be it overt or covert: The recruitment of death squads is part of a well established US military-intelligence agenda. There is a long and gruesome US history of covert funding and support of  terror brigades and targeted assassinations going back to the Vietnam war.   As government forces continue to confront the self-proclaimed  Free Syrian Army  (FSA),  the historical roots of  the West s covert war on Syria  which has resulted in countless atrocities  must be fully revealed.  Once again, we can see the revelation of the US-UK method of not simply instigating wars, but facilitating dirty wars not only overseas, but also at home, as in the case of Operation GLADIO and numerous other false flag events admittedly staged in North America.As 21WIRE will demonstrate in subsequent reports, this latest Chilcot revelation is only the tip of a much larger, covert iceberg RTHowever, kill or capture operations in and around Baghdad, launched from the Balad base 50 miles (80km) north of the city, were a key if little known chapter in Britain s shadow war, the Independent reports.Despite killing or taking as prisoner up to 3,500 insurgents, the mission against the Sunni insurgency caused deep rifts to the point where a senior commander, himself ex-SAS, demanded to know why the UK Special Forces were  helping to run Latin American-style death squads? The mission, under now-famed US General Stanley McChrystal, involved a shift from searching for apparently non-existent weapons of mass destruction (WMD) to man-hunting.Antagonism over the tactics led to UK troops being banned from some operations and a UK SAS commander lodging a complaint with US authorities for talking about British involvement in operations. Another SAS colonel was also ostracized from his regiment after serving under McCrystal.Chilcot does sketch out some of the details of the growing rift, though his report appears to leave out direct references to Special Forces operations. US and UK strategies had, in effect, been on different courses since the UK decision to focus its attention on MND (SE) [Multi-National Division South East, the British run zone] in 2003.As result of this decision, the UK had acquired distinctly different priorities from the US,  the 2.6-million-word report argues.It says the UK was then only  marginally involved in the central tasks of stabilizing the Iraqi government in Baghdad and managing sectarian divisions, while it had come to see its main task in Basra as one of keeping the situation calm while building the case for withdrawal. From that point on, it appears, the US became increasingly concerned that a wavering UK was chiefly focused on getting out of the unpopular war in the best order it could and as soon as possible.In 2006, a former SAS soldier blew the whistle on some of the tactics used in and around Baghdad. Ben Griffin was later gagged by the UK courts for talking about his experiences, but before he was silenced told the Telegraph,  The Americans had this catch-all approach to lifting suspects. The tactics were draconian and completely ineffective. The Americans were doing things like chucking farmers into Abu Ghraib [the notorious prison in Baghdad where US troops abused and tortured Iraqi detainees] or handing them over to the Iraqi authorities, knowing full well they were going to be tortured,  he said at the time.It may be of note that the SAS commander s reference to  Latin American-style deaths squads  appears to ignore the fact that at time of the Iraq war, in July 2003, the UK was itself stepping up training of Colombian paramilitary forces.Commenting on the revelations at the time, human rights NGO Amnesty International warned  the Colombian government has not implemented the UN human rights recommendations and military assistance only gives a green light to the army to carry on as before.  Support our work by Subscribing and becoming a Member @21WIRE.TV",0
22520,Boiler Room #65 – Bernie Says Vote Neocon – Pokemon No!,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 11 AM PST | 2 PM EST for this special Saturday broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along withDaniel Spaulding of Soul of the East and Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis. Tonight on the plate the Boiler gang are discussing the Dallas shooting, Bernie Sanders endorsing Hillary Clinton, a long list of false flag stagecraft, government provocateurs, Oregon standoff and the ups and downs of Pokemon Go!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! Reference Links:",0
22521,VIDEO: The Dallas Shooting Agenda,"Daily Shooter 21st Century WireThe Dallas Sniper Production. What was it really about?Dallas, like so many other  mass shooting  events, coincidentally triggers a familiar pattern of convenient political and social conditioning effects.Brasscheck TV says: It is odd, isn t it?High profile school shooting, followed by high profile church shooting, followed high profile gay nightclub shooting  now this. It s as if they re checking off all the demographic boxes and the conclusion is always the same:1. Guns are the problem  2. Domestic terrorism is  out of control   3.  We need to assemble a list of  risky people    and take away their guns   4. Who do they want to put on these lists? Veterans, blacks, anyone with political opinions, anyone deemed mentally unstableWe  need  to do all this to protect school children, church goers, gays, and cops. What  reasonable  person can say no to this, right ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuBgcYWL6sQ . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctDIWrFN3q8 . READ MORE DALLAS SHOOTING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Dallas Files",0
22522,"SCARS & STRIFE: ‘The Purge Election Year’ Agitprop, Change Agents & False Left–Right Statecraft"," Your government thanks you for your participation.    PSA from  The Purge: Election Year Shawn Helton  21st Century Wire A hyper-real vision of America serves as a stark backdrop for Hollywood s social science fiction horror film, The Purge: Election Year.The Purge: Election Year (2016) is the third installment of the  Purge  film franchise, arriving on screen just in time for the hotly contested 2016 presidential election between presumptive nominees Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.The film s recent release also hit theaters prior to a wave of bizarre shootings and street protests now gripping the nation, something which we ll discuss in greater detail later on in this article.The timing of this film s release in relation to current events cannot be overstated, and readers would not be amiss in questioning whether this is merely a coincidence, or if there is a deeper social engineering agenda at play here.  DIVIDE & RULE    Gangs and counter gangs take center stage in  The Purge: Election Year. Election Year s action picks up in 2028, on the eve of the  25th sanctioned purge , where from dusk til dawn (for one day a year on March 21st   22nd), America  purges  itself   suspending state emergency response and police protection as all crime is legalized   including murder.The 12 hour  civic duty  instituted by the cloaked governmental cabal known as the New Founding Fathers of America (NFFA) is an event enacted after the country plunged into economic ruin and soaring round-the-clock crime rates. The purge is a type of pressure release valve and the NFFA s answer to America s growing desire for class warfare and social decay.Though a more complete background about the true origins of NFFA are scant, there s no doubt the group represents a right-wing political faction on the surface (think neoconservatives on steroids). However, as we ll discover in this often strongly violent, sometimes campy, if not revelatory creation, not everything is entirely as it seems in the powder-keg of this seemingly alternate reality set in a not-too-distant future.Over the course of this analysis, we ll touch on key political aspects observed in the film, while also examining the violent fiction that often bleeds over into reality   NIGHT OF RAGE    A subliminal purging of American history. Understanding The Purge: Election YearThe Purge: Election Year, was written and directed by James DeMonaco, and is full of contradictions.On one hand, the film artificially critiques the violent world cast by NFFA head Caleb Warren (played by actor Raymond J. Barry), while at the same time overlooking the mayhem caused by  anti-purge  revolutionaries seeking social change.In essence, Election Year creates a duplicitous platform which carefully presents only two sides, or choices, for the audience   fascist savagery which is not excused, and social justice savagery which is excusable.This is where Election Year seems to subtly direct the viewer to believe that the  activist  violence depicted in the film is a necessary evil in the pursuit of social justice, when in reality the anti-purge resistance group of leftist radicals (resembling Black Lives Matter and the Black Panthers) led by Dante Bishop (Edwin Hodge), in many ways functions similarly to that of the far-right NFFA   using brute force to carry out its own political and social reform agenda.It should also be noted here that both opposing sides of this political divide will happily deploy (cynically of otherwise) their own violent street mobs to enforce their particular political agenda.Within the framework of this story s rigid political dialectic, and with irreconcilable polar opposite sides at odds, the film appears to be making another point: that civil war is not only inevitable, it s necessary in order for the political and social  evolution  to take place.   ANTI-PURGE-PANTHERS    A pivotal scene where anti-purge leader Dante Bishop seeks to assassinate NFFA rulers. Although the film appears to reflect some emerging aspects of today s real politik, there is an underlying political perspective that isn t often discussed present in the film. Think of the merging neoliberal and neoconservative factions in real-life politics, where many fascist views and radical ideologies have become blurred, with the popular 20th century left-wing ideology rooted in its connection to Leon Trotsky s theory of Marxism called Trotskyism   a theory where world-wide socialism is achieved only through ongoing revolution.Going back to Election Year, we know that the NFFA s  evolution/revolution  overthrew the United States government as an answer to many social ills and in a similar way  anti-purge  rebels are seeking to disband the NFFA in favor of their own system of social justice.Although not addressed by the film s writers, acknowledging political reality should leave viewers with another fundamental question: how long before the anti-purge rebels take the place of the NFFA as the next Junta?Let s rewind for a moment, and briefly review Election Year s plot, before returning to the political analysis  CASTING: Blonde, middle aged Charlie Roan is running for president in The Purge.Election Year s main plot sees the return of Leo Barnes (Frank Grillo) from The Purge: Anarchy, and this time he s heading security for fictional woman (with more than a passing resemblance to US presidential Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, Senator Charlie Roan (Elizabeth Mitchell), who is running for president against NFFA rival Minister Edwidge Owen (Kyle Secor). We learn the Roan herself was once a victim of a purge eighteen years earlier, resulting in the death of her family. The Purge itself, was the impetus for Roan s political evolution.Flash forward to the presidential primaries, as Roan lays out a plan to eradicate America s new brutal pastime, much to the chagrin of the filmmaker s preferred villains, the NFFA. This then caused the NFFA to lift a purge ban on targeting politicians, putting Roan on the NFFA s proxy hit-list.Roan attempts to wait out the 25th purge under a 12 hour watch at home. Barnes quickly realizes that the Senator has been betrayed by her staff and an assassination attempt is carried out by the NFFA directed  Neo-Nazi mercenaries led by Earl Danzinger (Terry Serpico) who is seen with a Confederate flag patch, while also sporting nazi symbols.The mercenaries in the film immediately remind one of the 2014 Odessa clashes and subsequent Massacre there which was exacerbated by US-backed paramilitary Neo-Nazi thugs who were also used in Kiev s color revolution coup d etat centered in Maidan Square. It was later revealed that the political turmoil was being run by Hillary Clinton s Asst. Secretary of State Victoria Nuland who effectively engineered  regime change  in the Ukraine.  RADICAL REWRITE    Hellish images of murdering tourists dressed like original  Founding Fathers  comes across as heavy-handed politics. After surviving the attempt on their lives, Barnes and Roan escape the coup and take to the streets in a quasi eugenics-themed  survival of the fittest  chase-filled scene, where the heroes are fighting off murdering tourists who ve traveled to America for a murder vacation, along with fascist mercenary contractors, and also dealing with a pack of devilishly dolled up teenagers.  GLITTER & DEATH    A teenage brigade of banshees target a shop owner on purge night after not being able to steal from him.While Barnes and Roan race through the streets of downtown DC they get help from a spirited deli shop owner Joe Dixon (Mykelti Williamson) who has been forced to protect what he owns because his insurance coverage was dropped (a nod to Obamacare?), alongside his shop assistant Marcos (Joseph Julian Soria) who immigrated to America.  AMERICAN TERROR :  Bill Ayers was the brain-child of 1960 s domestic radical group the Weather Underground. (Image Source: 21WIRE)Agitprop & Government ControlHollywood often twists real world chaos into a muddled cocktail for audiences to consume.As Election Year pits a leftist radical activist group against the neocon-like NFFA (along with their fascist paramilitary thugs) we see perhaps the film s true intentions, as it presents a false left-right paradigm from which to choose from.When Election Year progresses, issues over race and immigration weave their way into the film s character development. This, along with other indicators mentioned previously, reveals a communitarian ethos as part of the film s core narrative.Although subtle, the film s most shocking mission seems to be a rather preposterous attempt to present a rigid dialectic, where ultra-violence is used to implement the anti-violent political narrative dispensed by Senator Roan and her supporters. The implied conclusion: violence is not only inevitable, it s necessary in order to achieve political and social evolution, also referred to as change. Incredulously, Roan and those closest to her, later employ the notorious CRIPs street gang to fend off the NFFA s fascist Gladio-like operators to survive the final hours of Election Year s purge.The film s use of known street gangs in this story brings up some interesting points. Historically speaking, the CRIPs were spawned in 1969, a few years after the militant black rights group the Black Panthers Party (BBP) was built up and steered into armed militancy by the FBI through the use of a confidential informant Richard Aoki. In this way, the FBI, aided by the media, helped to stir-up racial tension in America. It is also widely known that the FBI created the counter-intelligence program (COINTELPRO) to influence and disrupt political factions from the inside out. Between 1956 and 1971 (including the Socialist Workers party in 1973), the FBI s controversial program infiltrated and radicalized hundreds of left-wing and right-wing groups to control and neutralize political dissidents across America. Moreover, during the Days of Rage in 1969, the FBI was said to have been  tracking specific members  of the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS). The SDS was heavily connected to 60 s political agitators turned domestic terrorists,  The Weather Underground . Many concluded that the group s leader, Bill Ayers, was also an interloper looking for new recruits who could be easily manipulated into hostile action.Election Year s use of the CRIPs gang seems ironic, considering how police are on record as having also infiltrated gangs like the CRIPs, as well as likely having had direct influence on the group since the 1960 s. So what appears to be a street gang rising up against a group of paramilitary mercenaries in the film   in reality would really be a form of controlled opposition directed and steered by government infiltrators on either side. This is a reality which is routinely omitted from most TV and film narratives pretending to depict real world gangs and terrorist organizations.Similarly, the  anti-purge rebels,  led by Bishop, resemble an amalgam of the George Soros funded Black Lives Matter  movement , as well as other 1960 s radical militant organizations.Operation CHAOSAlso during the 1960 s and the 1970 s the CIA s Operation CHAOS  collected substantial amounts of information on domestic dissidents from 1967 to 1973,  as admitted by the CIA.Over 40 years ago, a horrific crime spree took place sometime between 1972 -1974 that was dubbed the Zebra Murders. It was a shocking crime spree that shook the San Francisco area to the core.The murders were supposedly refered to as Zebra, because the radio communications channel that police talked over was channel Z. Reportedly, four Black Muslim men calling themselves the  Death Angels were spawned from a known cointelpro hangout, Nation of Islam.The Death Angels were said to have shot future Mayor of San Francisco Art Angos. Some researchers on the subject have suggested that the Death Angels were trained counter-intelligence assassins tasked with fomenting a race war in America.Predictive Programming & Agent ProvocateursThere are many overlapping political memes present in The Purge: Election Year  you have the idea of a political assassination, disenfranchised militant groups, a faux anti-violent message masked as gun control, and fascist overlords. So while Election Year, comes across as a sometimes silly socio-political horror action film, its purpose may be to condition the public in accepting certain ideas and perhaps even certain political outcomes domestically in the US   something which already seems to be happening.Election Year echoes the apparent  strategy of tension  we are seeing today during America s present 2016 presidential election campaign. Earlier this year, we outlined how certain political game changers were targeting the Trump campaign, as the George Soros-funded Democrat Party-oriented advocacy group MoveOn.org and host of other splinter groups associated with Black Lives Matter, played a large role in the Chicago University student-organized shutdown at a Trump campaign rally. Since then, numerous protests and violent confrontations have been organized, serving as a disruptive force in what would normally be normal US election cycle. Left-wing critics routinely cite Donald Trump as the reason for the all the high-profile confrontations, trying to rationalize how he is somehow attracting the flash mob   when in reality the flash mobs are being organized via a few foundation-funded  community organizing  portals like MoveOn.org.  BLACK BLOC   Black bloc provocateurs, have violently escalated protest movements since the 1980 s, including 2011 s Occupy Wall Street Movement (Image Source: examiner)The echoes have still been felt from the partly Soros-funded protests in Ferguson, Missouri in 2014, and the Baltimore Riots of 2015, something which immediately recalls the misguided machinations of The Occupy Movement (aka OWS) in 2011, an event that turned out to be a think-tank-spun divide and conquer stratagem designed to push naive participants into violent action.  CHICAGO CHAOS    Bernie Sanders supporters join Black Lives Matter linked groups to shutdown Trump rally (Image Source: twitter)The Dallas AgendaJust days after the release of Election Year, two controversial officer involved shootings in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and also in St. Paul, Minnesota, led to a highly coordinated protest march in downtown Dallas that erupted into chaos after a  sniper  ambush targeted police.Shortly after the attacks, The Daily Star first reported a group claiming responsibility,  A group named  Black Power Political Organization   BPPO  posted to its Facebook page this morning claiming there would be more attacks in the coming days,  but this narrative quickly shifted after the report connected the Black Men Entrepreneurship Foundation as being linked to BPPO through the same number, as reporters reached an unidentified Jamaican,  When asked if he was directly involved in the attack, he responded saying:  maybe. The overtly conspiracy-tinged aspect witnessed in mainstream media is one that conjures many Hollywood or government tales of murder, deception and intrigue throughout history. The introduction of any new  hate group  on the scene only enhances the drive by media voyeurism and fear seen after many Daily Shooter events.  MEDIA MISDIRECTION    Is BPPO a real entity   or a social media invention to stir the masses? (Image Source: rt)According to Dallas officials, 5 police officers were shot and killed with another 7 wounded (injured only two civilians). Initially, it believed that 3 or 4 other armed militants were involved   but in less than 24 hours, authorities stated it was a lone gunman, Micah Xavier Johnson.Here at 21WIRE, we ve outlined many of the main anomalies supporters concerning the recent Dallas Sniper shooting, while also examining the Gladio-style aspects of the event and so far, it appears that the heavily choreographed and emotionally driven incident has left another problem, reaction, solution in its wake.Notice the Dallas Police Department tweet (left side) where members of the DPD are seen smiling beside a  No justice, No Peace,  supporter, just hours before the sniper ambush.Here s an interesting analysis from YouTube Redsilverj, who makes many historical comparisons while breaking down the so-called Dallas  sniper  shooting Recently, 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen outlined the political fallout seen after The Dallas Deception. Something which perpetuates the established narrative concerning socio-political concerns: The Dallas Shooting is significant on a number of levels.Firstly, Dallas will further accentuate the artificial divide between what Americans perceive as the  Left  or liberal wing of political society, and the what is sold as America s  Right  or conservative wing. In this dialectic, Democrat is set against Republican, young against old, black is pitted against white, wealthy against poor, upper class against middle class, and even middle class against lower class. In the run-up to the Presidential election in November, this division will be important in order to polarize America along a prefabricated dialectical line and thus keeping the national discourse down at a base, or emotional level   and through this binary process avoid any real examination of America s fundamental issues, policy flaws and the federal government s unsustainable bloated borrow & spend habit   effectively kicking the can down the road another 4 years (which seems to be the norm). Ultimately, this serves the state, its bureaucratic stakeholders and the power structure as a whole. Gangs, Counter Gangs & DupesIt should also be noted again that the FBI have a long record of inventing terror plots which are then used by western media outlets to promote the public terror theater, including but not limited to  would be suicide bomber on his way to Washington DC, a plot to bomb synagogues in New Jersey, a stinger missile-airliner plot, and a toy drone explosives plot against the Pentagon   all contrived through FBI cointel pro operations in the US. Said one expert:  all these dramas were facilitated by the F.B.I., whose undercover agents and informers posed as terrorists offering a dummy missile, fake C-4 explosives, a disarmed suicide vest and rudimentary training. Suspects na vely played their parts until they were arrested.  (see full report here)In a 2007 article by Nafeez Ahmed, entitled  The Strategy of Tension,  we discover the existence of many stay-behind operations under the Gladio umbrella setup by the CIA and other Western intelligence agencies: The existence of this secret operation exploded into public controversy when in August 1990 upon the admissions in parliament by Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti, the existence of  Gladio  was exposed as a secret sub-section of Italian military-intelligence services, responsible for domestic bombings blamed on Italian Communists. Jay Dyer of Jay s analysis (21WIRE contributor) delves into the Gladio phenomena in the passage below: Like Operation Gladio where from the 50s to the 80s, left-wing  radicals  were blamed for Euro-terror completely engineered and staged by a covert branch of NATO intelligence and P-2 affiliated masonry lodge, similar patterns are seen in today s  terror cells  and  lone wolf shooters. Continuing, Dyer states: Indeed, it is the same pattern mentioned above domestically, with the FBI-hatched terror plots. Terror in these instances functions to exacerbate a  strategy of tension  to smear opposition, promote undue fear, and cajole the populace into accepting more surveillance and security theater.  Dallas saw a similarly implausible story last year of  conspiracy theorist  James Boulware, a  lone wolf shooter  who purportedly shot at police after incoherent online ramblings (which are quite clearly manufactured), and now we are told Micah X has a  manifesto    a must have for your daily shooter starter pack. Here s another look at an engaging and insightful interview with author Daniele Ganser, who has painstakingly documented the terror activities of security services through operation GLADIO in his book,  NATO s Secret Armies: Operation Gladio and Terrorism in Western Europe. Watch Ganser examine the historical evidence of  stay-behind  armies that appear to mirror much of the terror atrocities occurring today  In the propaganda war, the government has certain objectives   including movement and maneuver, utilizing intelligence and firing against an enemy   which is the new  Inform and Influence Activities  (IIA). As their manual states, IIA  is critical to understanding, visualizing, describing, directing, assessing, and leading operations toward attaining the desired end state. It is important to note that psyops are designed to proffer widespread disappointment and fatigue by design, to deliberately cause apathy. They can also be used in other more nefarious ways.  Gabriel Over the White House     An 1933 American film that also blends fascism and socialism.The Purge s Social ProblemThough Election Year s darkly satirical content is largely geared for a base emotional reaction, it cannot be denied that certain political groups represented in the film appear to reference much of what we ve outlined above, including a NATO-like stay-behind-army, as discussed in Daniele Ganser s research.Election Year s climatic scene depicts a devout group of NFFA faithful within a church, all of the congregation appear to be white caucasian supporters decked out in a Egyptian winged sun emblem that reminds one of the Freemasons square and compass symbol. Here, the NFFA attempt to kill Senator Roan in a ritual sacrifice but anti-purge rebels intervene, storming the church, killing nearly everyone except Roan s political rival Minister Edwidge Owen   who she wants spared for their election match-up. The scene is obviously over-the-top, conjuring the tragic and suspicious shooting in Charleston last summer through racially and emotionally charged imagery. Interestingly, what appears to be absent from Election Year, is the existence of  black-on-black  crime in America   it s as if every death is meant to polarize the viewer over race.Months after the 25th purge, the sound of fictional news reports are heard declaring mass riots across the nation following Roan s victory as president.Election Year, like other ghoulish Hollywood imaginings, emerges to distort public perception over race, guns, immigration and other socio-political concerns   while tapping into the cultural zeitgeist of America.Is this a case of Hollywood playing the role of socio-political provocateur in a real American election year?READ MORE ALTERNATIVE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood FilesSupport our work by subscribing and becoming a member @21WIRE.TV",0
22523,DALLAS “ATTACK” DIALECTICS: Summer of Uncle Sam,"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireAs the recent events (and subsequent incoherent media narratives) in Dallas continue to unravel, familiar patterns have already emerged that once again paint a now familiar picture of large-scale planning. We are now expected to believe this highly coordinated, professional  sniper  operation, whose numbers and details have now significantly changed, were conducted by the likes of a former vet and unknown accomplices for the purposes of targeting  white people,  and in particular, police.The new Judge Dredd-style execution by Robot! Doesn t this all sound like a scripted move?Immediately given the symbolic title  Michael X to affiliate the suspect with Malcolm X, the entire scenario, from the revised proclamation of cell terrorist to  lone wolf,  now smells of sub-par Hollywood script-writing   especially the ludicrous climax of  hidden IEDs  followed by police deploying a bomb-carrying Robocop R2D2-like executioner as the only rational means of finally halting the crazed assassin.As we will see, the event also echoes prior known false flags and staged scenarios, as well as fitting a general pattern of Soros-style color revolutions and agitation propaganda, on top of the fact that the evolving official story is preposterous.While it may appear contradictory at first glance, the notion that such an event could fit the  progressive  mold of a color revolution is not far-fetched.Consortium News details numerous Soros-funded groups that have called for soft-power coups and regime changes through numerous fronts that include  social justice  causes, as well as right-wing groups like  Right Sektor  in the Ukraine. 21stCenturyWire comments: Amazingly, by late last night and early this morning, police Chief David Brown reported that at least 3 of suspected snipers were already in custody.Brown stated early on that he believed the four suspects were working as a unit, using long-range rifles,  triangulated at elevated positions at difference places in the downtown area. The fourth suspect, Micah Xavier Johnson (the media referred to him as Micah X to intentionally prompt a Malcolm X tone to the event) a military-trained marksman and US Army veteran was said to be caught in a shoot-out with police from the second floor of the El Centro parking garage. He was upset about Black Lives Matter, the recent police shootings, he was upset at white people. He wanted to kill white people, especially police officers,  Brown said. (NY Post)  Bizarrely, according to police, Johnson (photo, above) was finally summarily executed by police after an unprecedented  risk assessment  by the Dallas police   who deployed a robot carrying a bomb. Chief Brown claimed that his officers  had no choice  but to use the bomb to kill the suspect:  Other options would have exposed our officers to grave danger. The political ripple effects of this unlikely and highly improbable event were felt immediately, as the mainstream media siege was underway, and the politicians began lining up to weigh-in and jockey for political position on any number of issue ranging from gun control, to race relations, and police brutality, but also debating the whether or not public marches and demonstrations are indeed safe for the public to attend in the face of this latest  security threat. On the police side of this dialectic, law enforcement are also queuing up to decry the violence against police and calls are omnipresent for increased police powers and security measure in order to  combat the rising threat of domestic extremism. Coincidentally, yesterday s event just happened to all on July 7th, or  7/7 ala London 7/7.  Following on that theme, the media and law enforcement began floating the term  terrorist attack  and CNN leading the pack by claiming that Dallas 7/7 was the police s  worst loss since  9/11  (Sept 11, 2001). So one can see how the spin is already being applied to this media event. Hollywood dramas that go live!Ukraine is of particular significance given the similarities between the false flag scenario of the Maidan sniper and the 7/7 purported racially-motivated event in Dallas. For both Right Sektor s Ukrainian Nationalists and Black Lives Matter s Alinsky-style Revolutionary there is a similar modus operandi of background financing and manipulation. In a piece I authored last year, I compared these similar tactics and discussed the think tank and  soft power  meta-strategy involved in geopolitical re-engineering, both domestically and abroad.Keep in mind that according to even mainstream fixture The New York Times most  terror plots  are hatched and aided by the FBI. The Soros-style NGO and soft power approach has seen the aiding of both far left and far right with the overall intent of duping progressives into war.  I wrote concerning NGOs and think tanks identity politics  and radicalization, an international operation for  change  being engineered out of New York: In the case of black youth, the Occupy-style thug culture of hip hop and rap easily combines with the radical Jihadism of intelligence agency creations like ISIS.  Both groups share a similar sense of being oppressed minorities, and both are utilized as foolish dupes of the same western establishment, dancing according to the whims of their foundation puppeteer masters.In case you were wondering, this is how the foundations and think tanks provoke minority groups with similar, but rebranded ideologies of invented revolution, particularly through the mainstream (and alternative) news cycle s scientifically precise emotionally manipulative stories that are intentionally chosen, crafted, cropped and created for the foundation/think tank revolutionary agenda.Patsies and provocateurs.This same technique is now being used for gender as a whole, as feminism,  women s rights,   gender rights,  equality, etc., now make up a large portion of the total news feed.  Increasingly taking on a clickbait style, the endless gender oppression articles are another technology for social re-engineering under the guise of appealing to the female populace.Females are undeniably more susceptible to emotional appeals and advertising deception, the same marketing styles of ad campaigns for endless hygiene products now mirrors the mindless, gender-based  stories  of oppressed trans teens and eternally victimized and  oppressed  western women (who have the highest living standards in the world).  While western women conduct their war on the patriarchal power by sharing these retarded stories on their iPads, they are just as much the dupes of the same foundation/think tank techniques as the low IQ ISIS  recruits  and the ghetto mobs.On the other side of the dialectic are the equally duped  right wingers  who still champion the Bush Dynasty and so-called American  freedoms,  the great envy of all the world that must be protected at all costs from an absolutely impossible, fabricated foreign invasion by ISIS. Constituting the new boogey-man in the patriot/tea party mythos, the invasion of the western intelligence created and backed  ISIS  is the phony  bad man  parallels the phony bad man  of the thugs (the 1%, which is actually anyone middle class), and the bad man  of the narcissistic American female, the patriarchy.All of these  bad men  are invented bad men, manufactured and created by the foundations and think tanks to manipulate your specific population niche.  The establishment has recruited and used dumb, low IQ, prison-convert, Muslim mind-controlled bots for decades, just as the system has used dumb, low IQ females as poster children for  gender revolution. The  Sniper  Effect Unknown Snipers  are a classic tactic of Western-influenced regime changes, including Romania in 1989 in regard to Ceaucescu, which is particularly relevant to our situation, as the coup there involved a revolt against police.  Sniper death squads in Romania aided by western intelligence would thus be a perfect parallel to anti-police engineered  sniping  in Dallas.Other events where snipers were involved in regime change and staged agitprop include the  Arab Spring,  Yeltsin s counter-government in 1993, Venezuela in 2002, Thailand in 2010, and more recently, Kyrgyzstan, Egypt, Libya and Syria.  Supposed unknown snipers, like terrorists, provide a useful function for existing regimes or foreign powers to conveniently concoct and steer events by pinning blame on patsies.Same strategy of controlled, radical opposition in a game of obvious dialectics.Like Operation Gladio where from the 50s to the 80s, left-wing  radicals  were blamed for Euro-terror completely engineered and staged by a covert branch of NATO intelligence and P-2 affiliated masonry lodge, similar patterns are seen in today s  terror cells  and  lone wolf shooters.  Some wondered why I originally mentioned the masonic apparel in the original post, but this is because Gladio used P-2 and secret societies can function as networks for organizing and arranging provocateurs, much like the Muslim Brotherhood or ISIS.  In short, sniping events, just like  false flags,  are run by and advantageous to the state, not lone wolves and terror cells.Indeed, it is the same pattern mentioned above domestically, with the FBI-hatched terror plots. Terror in these instances functions to exacerbate a  strategy of tension  to smear opposition, promote undue fear, and cajole the populace into accepting more surveillance and security theater.  Dallas saw a similarly implausible story last year of  conspiracy theorist  James Boulware, a  lone wolf shooter  who purportedly shot at police after incoherent online ramblings (which are quite clearly manufactured), and now we are told Micah X has a  manifesto    a must have for your daily shooter starter pack.Highly dubious James Boulware Dallas  Shooting Fusion  DrillsAs noted in my original video, at least two large-scale, multi-agency DHS supervised  fusion  drills in the Dallas-Ft. Worth area preceded the 7/7 event by only a week.  One drill even included  three shooters and bombs,  a narrative now fed into the mainstream media concerning the Dallas sniping event. Given every major terror event of recent recollection has been preceded by a drill of the same scenario, it should be obvious to question the Dallas event, as it fits the same patterns as prior  terror. The familiar narrative of Dallas now includes  IEDs  hidden in mysterious locales, a dubious claim inserted into the narrative of James Holmes   booby-trapped  apartment, for example.  The date and locale for the event is also suspicious, being in the vicinity of the JFK assassination as well as on the anniversary of the London 7/7 bombing, another staged event.We are supposed to believe  Micah X  learned his sniping and IED skills in the military and subsequently coordinated a professional hit man operation to target random white police over the shootings of Philando Castile and Alton Sterling that occurred that day!  Mass media claimed the supposed shooter was angry about events that transpired that day, and subsequently had time to perform reconnaissance and establish sniper spots for that day s Black Lives Matter Protest.Lunacy does not end there, as the standoff with police then involved the preposterous claim of utilizing and  bomb-bot  to blow the suspect up, as he supposedly refused to cooperate.  Are bomb-bots now standard procedure?  Were the mainstream narrative of this event true (and it certainly is not), wouldn t law enforcement choose to gas the subject or subdue him, to gather information about his so-called terror cell?  Instead, the public was fed a fantastical Robocop storyline to add tabloid juice to this manufactured event, as we have seen in so many.Patsies, dupes and provocateurs. Black power  groups are notorious for being infiltrated by federal agents and provocateurs, and the New Black Panther Party is a shining example.  Allowed to consistently call for the death of all whites (which is illegal), this fake front group is allowed to continue to agitate and play on public fears, like other  terror groups  and racial identity movements.  Like the KKK or Elohim City and McVeigh, the black power and Nation of Islam movements have been exposed as phony government fronts many times, often identified by their outlandish and outrageous calls for violence.Most famously, this was seen in the COINTELPRO operation, with FBI informant Richard Aoki arming the Black Panthers to make them appear distastefully radical.Photo-op. Patty Hearst and the theatrical SLA  abduction. The Saul Alinsky-style approach of manufacturing radicals for self-destructive social  change  that marks this event also has precedent in two other previously contrived  terror  attacks: The Alinsky-inspired Bill Ayers Weather Underground event, and Patty Hearst SLA staging.  Both events were manufactured operations that served to solidify mass opinion against anti-war movements, while the SLA event (in which reportedly 6 died, while Patty Hearst was not even in the building) became the basis for America s adoption of SWAT teams   the Hearst soap opera kidnapping was even followed by a television show called  SWAT  that aided in the rise of America s acceptance of the  Warrior Cop. This fact, as well as the long-term federalization of local police refutes the faux right-wing narrative that Obama and company are  anti-cop. Seen in this light, the Dallas event is ably summed up in its effectiveness for the establishment by Patrick Henningsen: The Dallas Shooting is significant on a number of levels.Firstly, Dallas will further accentuate the artificial divide between what Americans perceive as the  Left  or liberal wing of political society, and the what is sold as America s  Right  or conservative wing. In this dialectic, Democrat is set against Republican, young against old, black is pitted against white, wealthy against poor, upper class against middle class, and even middle class against lower class. In the run-up to the Presidential election in November, this division will be important in order to polarize America along a prefabricated dialectical line and thus keeping the national discourse down at a base, or emotional level   and through this binary process avoid any real examination of America s fundamental issues, policy flaws and the federal government s unsustainable bloated borrow & spend habit   effectively kicking the can down the road another 4 years (which seems to be the norm). Ultimately, this serves the state, its bureaucratic stakeholders and the power structure as a whole. Secondly, this event can be used to nudge the  left-wing  and Democrat party s own gun control agenda, which is being aggressively pursued at the moment. This wing of the political establishment has already demonstrated that it has no qualms about using a national incident or tragedy, like the Orlando Shooting, as warm PR leverage to push their  emergency  legislative agenda. Ironically,  left-wing  and black activists will be blamed for this latest act of political violence and will be used in this case to further advance the political left s own bespoke gun control agenda   much to the dismay of  Conservative America. As a result of this staged event carried out by agent provocateurs,  anti-police  or  anti-government  African-American  militant , or  Black Power  activists will be painted a poor light, and effectively marginalized. Once this process is complete, the state can then move in to extend that marginalization to any anti-government  protests   further neutering any real grass-roots opposition for what is obviously a rapidly growing police state in the US.Thirdly, this event is being used to increase tension between the public and law enforcement. Note the differences between the short and the long-term narratives at play here. In the short-term, this Dallas Sniper event is originally designed as a  reaction  to US police killing poor unarmed black men on the streets of America, but in the long-term the pendulum will swing back to the state in order to  restore law and order , thus further consolidating power into a more concentrated police state. This is evidenced already by US law enforcement are already rallying in solidarity, in an us against them dialectic by placing the nation s police as the protagonist and the public as the antagonist. Pop culture promotion of supposed anti-establishment agitation and  revolution.  In reality, it is top-down social engineering and psychological warfare.Given the government admission that much of modern history has been manipulated and contrived through false flags and staged events, is it sensible to take the Dallas event at face value?  We are constantly reminded in every terror  event to  never forget  9/11, but a much more apt recollection would be to never forget the admissions and examples of fake and staged news, as well as individuals who supposedly die in three separate  terror  events being still alive show the lunacy of the fact there is no law or regulation upon the government and private infotainment news agencies barring them from manufacturing events.  Rather, the pattern 21Wire recognized and exposed in the recent Andrews Air Force Base s phony  live shooter  drill-gone-live scenario serves as the exemplary form of how these events are engineered   especially given the drills preceding the 7/7 Dallas event.Naturally, the  alt right  will seize upon the event as proof of a racial attack, but this simply plays into the establishment s desire for a helter skelter  race war and a  summer of chaos,  all of which was prepared for symbolically through Beyonc s militant  Black Panther  Super Bowl Halftime Show back in February.  The  race war  is not fought with bats and maces in the streets, but through the toxic culture itself with its insidious programming for each racial group.As we have seen in past events,  gun control  is once again the unanimous cacophony, while the labeling of  Black Lives Matter  as a  terrorist  group only serves to set further precedence for anyone critical of the establishment as an  extremist  or  terrorist. To hear Jay s full podcasts, see more information and learn how you can become a subscriber to JaysAnalysis.Jay Dyer is the author of the forthcoming title,Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day.  Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric,JaysAnalysis and his podcast, Esoteric Hollywood, investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSupport our work by subscribing and becoming a member at 21WIRE.TV",0
22524,Boiler Room #64 – GLADIO! Come Out and Play!,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 11 AM PST | 2 PM EST this Saturday July 9th. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J and Patrick Henningsen of 21Wire and Branko Mali from Kali Tribune. Tonight the Boiler Gang discusses the Clinton FBI results, CA legislature s war against the people on behalf of a tyrannical government gone mad and whatever else floats into our air space during the show!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!  Reference Links:",0
22525,DALLAS MAIDAN: Staged Snipers Designed to Inflict 7/7 ‘Strategy of Tension’,"Daily Shooter 21st Century WireLast night, a highly emotive and politicized GLADIO-style event unfolded in America. Still, after so many other similar events recorded throughout recent history   all followed by similarly predictable political fall-outs and effects   the general public are still slow to grasp what is really happening before their eyes. The event in Dallas falls into a similar pattern of other high-profile  sniper  attacks, all of which were stage false flag events designed with a particular political, or geopolitical purpose in mind.Regarding last night, here s what we know so far The plot: According to law enforcement officials, at least 5 police officers were shot and killed with another 7 wounded, after 3 or 4 alleged snipers described as  radical left-wing  and armed  militant black activists , fired from surrounding buildings into an 800-strong  Black Lives Matter  protest crowd who were marching in downtown Dallas, Texas. Amazingly, we re told that only one civilian was reportedly injured. IMAGE: #BlackLivesMatter protesters rally around recent victims Philando Castile and Alton Sterling (Photo: Indian Express/ Reuters).Protesters are said to have been marching against the recent police shootings of two black men in the cities of Baton Rouge, Louisiana and also in St. Paul, Minnesota.The following onlookers  videos were released from the Dallas incident. Watch: Amazingly, by late last night and early this morning, police Chief David Brown reported that at least 3 of suspected snipers were already in custody.Brown stated early on that he believed the four suspects were working as a unit, using long-range rifles,  triangulated at elevated positions at difference places in the downtown area. The fourth suspect, Micah Xavier Johnson (the media referred to him as  Micah X  to intentionally prompt a Malcolm X tone to the event), we are told was a  military-trained  US Army veteran, who was said to be caught in a shoot-out with police from the second floor of the El Centro parking garage. He was upset about Black Lives Matter, the recent police shootings, he was upset at white people. He wanted to kill white people, especially police officers,  Brown said. (NY Post)  Bizarrely, according to police, Johnson (photo, above) was finally summarily executed by police after an unprecedented  risk assessment  by the Dallas police   who deployed a  robot carrying a bomb.  Chief Brown claimed that his officers  had no choice  but to use the bomb to kill the suspect:  Other options would have exposed our officers to grave danger. The political ripple effects of this unlikely and highly improbable event were felt immediately, as the mainstream media siege was underway, and the politicians began lining up to weigh-in and jockey for political position on any number of issue ranging from gun control, to race relations, and police brutality, but also debating the whether or not public marches and demonstrations are indeed  safe for the public  to attend in the face of this latest  security threat. On the police side of this dialectic, law enforcement are also queuing up to decry the violence against police and calls are omnipresent for increased police powers and security measure in order to  combat the rising threat of domestic extremism. Coincidentally, yesterday s event just happened to all on July 7th, or  7/7  ala London 7/7.  Following on that theme, the media and law enforcement began floating the term  terrorist attack  and CNN leading the pack by claiming that Dallas 7/7 was the police s  worst loss since  9/11  (Sept 11, 2001). So one can see how the spin is already being applied to this media event.The Maidan MassacreBack February 2014, events transpired in Kiev, Ukraine which sparked international outrage and calls for  regime change  in Kiev, and served as the key catalyst for a coup d etat and the ouster of Ukraine s democratically elected president Viktor Yanukovych.  A leaked phone call between EU foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton and Estonian foreign affairs minister showed how there was knowledge at the highest levels of European government, but western leaders opted to maintain a disinterested stance in the face of this new evidence. Listen to the phone call here: Earlier this year, in January 2016, one such academic investigation concluded that the sniper event at Maidan Square was in fact a  false flag  event which was used to create a false public perception of events and usher in a shift in political power in that country. Canadian political science professor Dr. Ivan Katchanovski of Ottawa University concluded that This academic investigation concludes that the massacre was a false flag operation, which was rationally planned and carried out with a goal of the overthrow of the government and seizure of power,  wrote Katchanovski in his study, called  The  Snipers  Massacre  on the Maidan in Ukraine. Despite all these revelations, the US, UK and the EU are still standing by their earlier narrative of the sniper massacre as a,   Euromaidan democratic, peaceful mass-protest movement and a  color  revolution led by pro-Western parties. Ukraine s own internal investigation into the matter has been shown to be a highly political exercise, which appears to have resulted in a comprehensive cover-up of what really happened on the day.Snipers in Homs, SyriaIn the early days of what western governments and media were portraying as an  Arab Spring  color uprising in Syria in 2010 and 2011, unknown snipers played a crucial role in advancing a  strategy of tension  and fomenting civil unrest, particularly in the city of Homs. Snipers were reported as firing on citizens and also shooting at police indiscriminately. The western media s policy was not to report on this, but only to report on the state security reaction and crack-down triggered by these mysterious and seemingly random acts of violence.Some independent writers and researchers have reported on the anomalies of the Homs shootings, but as yet, no in-depth investigation has taken place.However, the testimony of Father Frans Van der Lugt in Homs, provided a look into what was happening during this ugly phase of a western and GCC-backed rebellion being waged in Syria: From the start, the protest movements were not purely peaceful. From the start I saw armed demonstrators marching along in the protests, who began to shoot at the police first. Very often the violence of the security forces has been a reaction to the brutal violence of the armed rebels. It s clear now after looking back at numerous reports about these incidents, that they were designed to instigate a crisis, which would ultimately lead to either a political instability and civil unrest.The other aspect of these false flag  events, is that they have the potential to also redefine the relationship between the public and the state and its security apparatus.In each instance, a  regime change  was expected, although this was not completely successful in the case of Syria.The Dallas DeceptionThe Dallas Shooting is significant on a number of levels.Firstly, Dallas will further accentuate the artificial divide between what Americans perceive as the  Left  or liberal wing of political society, and the what is sold as America s  Right  or conservative wing. In this dialectic, Democrat is set against Republican, young against old, black is pitted against white, wealthy against poor, upper class against middle class, and even middle class against lower class. In the run-up to the Presidential election in November, this division will be important in order to polarize America along a prefabricated dialectical line and thus keeping the national discourse down at a base, or emotional level   and through this binary process avoid any real examination of America s fundamental issues, policy flaws and the federal government s unsustainable bloated borrow & spend habit   effectively kicking the can down the road another 4 years (which seems to be the norm). Ultimately, this serves the state, its bureaucratic stakeholders and the power structure as a whole. Secondly, this event can be used to nudge the  left-wing  and Democrat party s own gun control agenda, which is being aggressively pursued at the moment. This wing of the political establishment has already demonstrated that it has no qualms about using a national incident or tragedy, like the Orlando Shooting, as warm PR leverage to push their  emergency  legislative agenda. Ironically,  left-wing  and black activists will be blamed for this latest act of political violence and will be used in this case to further advance the political left s own bespoke gun control agenda   much to the dismay of  Conservative America. As a result of this staged event carried out by agent provocateurs,  anti-police  or  anti-government  African-American  militant , or  Black Power  activists will be painted a poor light, and effectively marginalized. Once this process is complete, the state can then move in to extend that marginalization to any  anti-government  protests   further neutering any real grass-roots opposition for what is obviously a rapidly growing police state in the US.Thirdly, this event is being used to increase tension between the public and law enforcement. Note the differences between the short and the long-term narratives at play here. In the short-term, this Dallas Sniper event is originally designed as a  reaction  to US police killing poor unarmed black men on the streets of America, but in the long-term the pendulum will swing back to the state in order to  restore law and order , thus further consolidating power into a more concentrated police state. This is evidenced already by US law enforcement are already rallying in solidarity, in an  us against them  dialectic by placing the nation s police as the protagonist and the public as the antagonist.This obvious dialectical theme is already being echoed internationally on Twitter, as police in the US and the UK advance the term  Thin Blue Line :The Thin Blue Line stretches across the country tonight. We stand by you @DallasPD #Dallas #ThinBlueLine pic.twitter.com/zyiFJWYFDh  NYPD 108th Precinct (@NYPD108Pct) July 8, 2016It should be noted here that the colloquial policing term Thin Blue Line is derived from the term Thin Red Line , which describes as an inferior, outnumbered force holding back the hordes. The original reference of this comes from a Battle of Balaclava   fought by the Highland Infantry Brigade for the British Army during the 19th century Crimean War. Explained: The Thin Red Line has become an English language figure of speech for any thinly spread military unit holding firm against attack. The phrase has also taken on the metaphorical meaning of the barrier which the relatively limited armed forces of a country present to potential attackers.  (Wiki)It s important to understand the symbolism behind this term  Thin Blue Line  which is currently being invoked by law enforcement. It implies an  us against them  dialectical narrative, arguably, quite far and remote from the familiar peace officer-oriented slogan  Protect and Serve.   Finally, this event will be used to reinforce and heighten the ever-increasing profile of America s bizarre new post-9/11 Cult of the First Responder, which appears to be an extension of the  Cult of Our Boys , a lionization campaign which was developed by the Pentagon over years of mass US troop deployment in two highly unpopular wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. The main thrust of the effort to glorify and assert to preeminence of the First Responder is part and parcel of a wider US agenda to fully militarize US domestic society, and to characterize US public life as a combat zone, or domestic war zone which society devolves its authority and constant crisis management over to America s new unified command structure and Gendarmerie   the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and the FBI.Between the 1960 s and 1990 s, Operation GLADIO saw numerous staged terror events carried out in Europe in order to advance a  strategy of tension . All of the alleged  terrorist  attacks during this time were later proven to be the work not of terrorists, but of the security and intelligence services. Many innocent civilians died, and still to date, no one has been convicted, much less brought before a court or public hearing on a dirty state-sponsored program which many believe is still running to this day, albeit in one form or another.Expect the political rhetoric to spin out of control with each media cycle over the next 72 hours, before fading into Monday. Such is the nature of the Daily Shooter in these troubled and fleetingly real times.Stay tuned here for more stories and updates on the Dallas Deception.READ MORE DALLAS SHOOTING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Dallas Shooting FilesSupport our work by subscribing and becoming a member @21WIRE.TV",0
22526,Boiler Room #63 – Us and THEM!,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Daniel Spaulding from Soul of the East and Jay Dyer of jaysanalysis.com. Tonight the Boiler Gang discusses the Clinton FBI results, CA legislature s war against the people on behalf of a tyrannical government gone mad and whatever else floats into our air space during the show!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! Reference Links:",0
22527,July 4th Schoolhouse Rock: ‘Preamble to the US Constitution’,"21st Century Wire says We re told that American Independence Day is a day for Stars & Stripes, hotdogs and patriotism   but does today s American public really know both the letter and the spirit of their founding document? In advance of the US Bicentennial celebrations in 1976, a series of educational TV intermission segments were produced for placement in between Saturday morning children s programming. How much currency do today s  constitutional scholars  (including the current US president) really put in the Preamble, considering the deep state NSA spying, the endless wars overseas, and licensing private central bankers the right to create our money and lend it back to us   therefore plunging  ourselves and our posterity  into historic debt?    Preamble  is a Schoolhouse Rock! segment, featuring a song of the same title written (and performed) by Lynn Ahrens. The segment debuted in 1975 as part of  America Rock,  the third season of the Schoolhouse Rock series  The lyrics here have a slightly abridged wording of the Preamble to the United States Constitution. The actual document starts,  We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union  Support our work and Become a Member @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22528,SUNDAY SCREENING: PSYWAR (2010),"21st Century Wire says Our weekly documentary screening curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE.NOTE: Although this film focuses a lot on the Clinton and Bush presidencies,  this same system has continued and taken to an even higher level of dark arts by the Obama Administration, and the both UK s Blair and Cameron governments. This film explores the evolution of propaganda and public relations in the United States, with an emphasis on the  elitist theory of democracy  and the relationship between war, propaganda and class. Includes original interviews with a number of dissident scholars including Noam Chomsky, Howard Zinn, Michael Parenti, Peter Phillips ( Project Censored ), John Stauber ( PR Watch ), Christopher Simpson ( The Science of Coercion ) and others.  SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENING HERESupport our work and Become a Member @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22529,US Media Hyped ‘Active Shooter’ Drill at Andrews Base As Real Event,"21st Century Wire says Yesterday, we were told by US media that one of the country s key military installations, Joint Base Andrews in Maryland, home of the president s Air Force One airliner, was in lockdown following reports of an  Active Shooter  situation.While the entire US media went into orange alert mode for over 2 and a half hours, 21WIRE recognized exactly what it was, a drill, and called it correctly while the news was breaking. We re told that initial reports of a  active shooter  were prompted by an emergency 911 call to outside law enforcement about a gunman seen on the base. The fact that this alleged  distress call  came from a  staff member  at the Malcolm Grow Medical Facility located inside Andrews (one of the country s most secure closed military facilities) should have raised some pertinent questions   like why base security were not informed first, as one would expect. Furthermore, any reports by the US mainstream media characterizing the event as a genuine  active shooter  crisis should have been immediately squashed by the fact that Joint Base Andrews was also running a no-notice  Active Shooter Exercise scheduled for 9 am that morning. Sadly, this did not happen, and all US media outlets began their crisis reporting   complete with the usual panel of security  experts  and  justice correspondents on CNN and other mainstream networks.21WIRE Calls it CorrectlyWhile the US media was reporting the base was in full lockdown and appeared  confused  about what to make of the situation, 21WIRE analyst Patrick Henningsen appeared on RT International while the story was breaking, offering a very different take on the event than what was being reported at the time throughout the US media. Here s what he said:PART 1: PART 2: Finally, 1 hour later, US authorities finally admitted that  it was only a drill  and that the dramatic lockdown had been lifted.Some might say this was not a hard event to call, and in fact was a  no-brainer    and in this case they would be correct. For any keen student of false flags and high-profile mass shootings in recent years, it was overtly obvious what kind of drama was playing out.The real story however, is how the entire US media transformed into one giant web of media disinformation amplification from the moment the false media reports and  official Tweets  from the US military hit the news wires   without even pausing to consider that they were all knowing, or unknowing (but certainly willing) participants within their media/press compartment of the so-called  Active Shooter  drill.JBA is currently on lockdown due to a report of an active shooter. All personnel are directed to shelter in place. More info as it comes.  Joint Base Andrews (@JBA_NAFW) June 30, 2016The mainstream media did their level best to use this falsely presented nonevent in order to reinforce the federal government s prime PR compliance directives; a running list of mindless Orwellian police state throw away slogans like,  See something, say something,  and  Shelter in place. The end result of all this is a public who are unnecessarily traumatized, or subjected to psychological stress, in effect terrorizing the public, as a result of poor media reporting and dereliction of journalism by a media profession who are all too happy to go along with a high TV ratings draw of a  Active Shooter  narrative.Rather amazingly, one reporter from CBS News even admitted that the national  lockdown  scare did not even interrupt that day s drill and that their on-base Active Shooter exercise would continue throughout the day. This should provide as much evidence as one would need to deduce that the media scare was indeed part of the drill itself, although this concept might prove just too difficult to grasp for any US mainstream news anchor or reporter. Watch the CBS report here:  What happened is a common thing, it s just, you know, it s sort of the times we live in  there were two personnel carrying rifles, long guns, someone in the medical center saw that and phoned in there was a shooter on the base Williams then brushed the misreporting off as  normal,  before also parroting the tired mantra,  When you see something, say something.  Watch as a confused Williams tries to rationalize the day s over-the-top media debacle: Luckily, it did not, but yesterdays event does raise some very crucial questions about the highly reactionary and irrational nature of our security-obsessed media, and a police state  fusion  apparatus which spends hundreds of millions of taxpayer funds each year in order prepare for some ubiquitous  threat  which statistically does not actually threaten very many Americans and yet   seems to overly-dominate media coverage, as well the operating budgets government agencies and first responder cohorts nationwide.The following is a short video which every American should watch, which explains some of the more worrying aspects of America s new obsession with domestic hyper militarized responses   in preparation for what seems like an endless stream of  mass shooting  and  domestic terror  events: Support our work and Become a Member @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22530,Brief Overview: US Military Sales to Lebanon,"21st Century Wire says The business of defense.In order to sustain mammoth defense sector based in North America, the U.S. relies on international procurement and sales of both new and close-out military industrial goods.Although a relatively small country in size, Lebanon is a key position on the Middle East chessboard, and could one day become an emerging military market for US defense corporations. In Washington DC, however, the topic of US military aid the Lebanon is a relatively hushed affair because of the Israeli Lobby s influence over US lawmakers. Technically, Israel and its neighbor Lebanon aew still at war, so any US funds allocated to the Lebanese Armed Forces is seen as an affront to Tel Aviv.In 2014, the US awarded $156 million in aid to Lebanon   which is money that Lebanon would be required to spend exclusively with US corportions, as per the usual arrange with all  tied  US aid (except for Israel, who seems to enjoy a more flexible arrangement with some special dispensation to spend its annual $3.2 billion in US military aid where it wants).Here are the specs of Lebanon s defense orders from US firms Boiling Frogs Post   Researcher Christian Sorensen analyzes weapon sales from the U.S. war industry to the Lebanese armed forces. U.S. Foreign Military Sales to Lebanon are publicly available on the U.S. Department of Defense website. FMS to Lebanon involve: aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles, communications, small arms & light weapons, ground vehicles, water craft, and foreign liaison administration. Orbital ATK: 28 May 2015, 13 Jan 2012 ATSC: 20 Dec 2012, 31 July 2013 Textron: 15 March 2016 Northrop Grumman (Litton Industries): 30 July 1996 Sierra Nevada: 30 October 2015 Boeing (Insitu): 30 Sept 2015 Harris Corporation: 25 Sept 2015 Colt: 21 May 2015, 8 Aug 1995 Hellfire Systems (Lockheed Martin & Boeing JV): 17 Dec 2014 Raytheon: 30 Sept 2014 Corporations providing crew served weapon gear: 17 May 2011 Medico Industries: 17 March 2011 AM General: 6 July 2015, 23 Sept 2015 Maritime Security Strategies: 14 Jan 2011 Corporations providing liaison tech/admin support: 25 July 2014  READ MORE LEBANON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Lebanon Files",0
22531,Active Shooter Drill Suddenly ‘Goes Live’ at Joint Base Andrews in Maryland,"SEE ALSO: 21WIRE calls out US media for hyping fake  Active Shooter  event at Andrews BaseDaily Shooter 21st Century WireWashington DC area was put on high alert today following reports of an  Active Shooter  a Joint Base Andrews in Maryland, home of the president s Air Force One private jet.The base has been placed on lock-down and first responders are on-scene following a report of an active shooter at the Malcolm Grow Medical Facility located on Andrews.Authorities have instructed all personnel continue to  shelter in place. JBA is currently on lockdown due to a report of an active shooter. All personnel are directed to shelter in place. More info as it comes.  Joint Base Andrews (@JBA_NAFW) June 30, 2016There s only one problem with this story: we also learned that the base had planned a no-notice  Active Shooter Exercise scheduled for 9 am this morning, and as if by some amazing coincidence, during exercise, local first responders received emergency calls about a  real world  active shooter on the base. Still, this hasn t stopped flippant news anchors and  expert  analysts from US media outlets like CNN and FOX News from going into media-siege mode, and treating the event as if it were a real  active shooter  event   and injecting addition, unnecessary fear in the public discourse this morning.If one follows the inter-agency security protocols for a security exercise such as this, it would play out more or less exactly as it has today thus far, as evidenced by announcements by what other law enforcement and emergency services are saying.NBC News local affiliate adds here: Fort Belvoir in Virginia says it is increasing its  security posture  in response to the incident at Joint Base Andrews. It has advised its personnel to stay clear of Joint Base Andrews.  Last month Andrews had another  active  event, in what apparently turned-out to be a non-threat. Last month, Joint Base Andrews was placed on lockdown after a woman walked onto the base and claimed she had a bomb. An Explosive Ordinance Disposal team found the woman had no explosives, and she was apprehended.  The only question left now is: is this a real  active shooter  situation, or is this merely another example of a  drill gone live ?UPDATE 11:15AM ET: [Yes, we called it before authorities finally admitted  it was only drill ] JOINT BASE ANDREWS, Md.  Andrews Air Force Base is  all clear  after a lock-down Thursday morning, amid confusion during an active shooter drill, according to a law enforcement official. According to a public information officer in the Washington office, the reason for this is because of the confusion over reports of a drill or an actual incident. The FBI field offices let security on Joint Base Andrews sort out the confusion.  (FOX6 NOW) Joint Base Andrews was locked down just after 9 a.m. after someone mistook an active shooter drill for the real thing, senior law enforcement officials told NBC News. All personnel were directed to shelter in place,  said NBC News.""All Clear."" The lock down on base has been lifted  Joint Base Andrews (@JBA_NAFW) June 30, 2016SEE ALSO: TROUBLE IN THE HOMELAND: Chattanooga s Made-for-TV PsychodramaREAD MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSupport our work and Become a Member @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22532,Boiler Room #62 – Fatal Illusions,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blog Spot and Jay Dyer of jaysanalysis.com. Tonight the Boiler Gang discusses Brexit, Orlando Shooting, Istanbul Airport Bombing, gang vs counter-gang political shenanigans in Sacramento CA and whatever else floats into our air space during the show!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! Reference Links: ",0
22533,"THOUGHT POLICE: US Border Control Wants to Study Your Facebook, Twitter Accounts","Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireIf this latest proposal from the US becomes policy, it could be a major watershed point for the globalized police state, allowing governments to not only to profile you, but also to target and even exclude individuals based on their online speech and activity. This week we learned that US border control have been running a shadow  test  program behind the scenes, where travelers into the US are asked to declare their  online presence , including any social media accounts and associated blogs.The US Federal Register states,  Collecting social media data will enhance the existing investigative process and provide Department of Homeland Security (DHS) greater clarity and visibility to possible nefarious activity and connections by providing an additional tool set which analysts and investigators may use to better analyze and investigate the case. In the hive mind of the state, the term nefarious is proven to be a flexible one, and could encompass persons of any political or intellectual persuasion who travel internationally. Where does it end?So who are these arbiters of political thought and social discourse?According to this recent report by The Guardian, the  deciders  are likely to be hourly wage earners working for the TSA, or contractors working under the banner of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). Initially, these workers would be tasked with analyzing your  online presence : US Customs and Border Protection s proposed change would add a line on both the online and paper forms of the visa application form that visitors to the US must fill out if they do not have a visa and are planning on staying for up to 90 days.The following question would be added to both the Electronic System for Travel Authorization (Esta) and I-94W forms:  Please enter information associated with your online presence Provider/Platform Social media identifier. Thus far, the DHS claim they are only running a limited  pilot program , one which the agency is keeping confidential and out of the public eye. Officials claim that the secrecy surrounding this controversial program is because they don t want to reveal their methods for identifying a potential  terror threat.  Millions of visitors disembark in US each week (Photo: Flickr user Tom May via Fast Company)In practical terms, with 10 million visa applications and over 77 million visitors annually   what we are really seeing here is a giant  big data  capturing exercise that will quickly generate an additional column on your personal database   sitting alongside your standard personal, facial recognition and other biometric ID information, as well as your travel history, and anchored by the RFID chip already embedded in most international passports.How the DHS expects its border control staff to properly vet and verify the information in question before a traveler passes through border security is hard to ascertain. The potential for misinformation is ever present.Eventually, processing this amount of data will probably be farmed out to high speed intelligent, or A.I. computer systems. Similar high-end, algorithm-based analytical surveillance programs like PRISM is already being used by US and UK government agencies to trawl through masses of public online activity, so it only stands to reason that A.I. will eventually perform the job of flagging-up any undesirables.If you went by the US media rhetoric you d think that Facebook and Twitter were the number one causes of global terrorism. No surprise then, that the battle cry for this latest DHS program has to be last December s apparent  ISIS-inspired terrorist event  in San Bernardino, and the subsequent controversy over the FBI s ability access to one of the suspect s encrypted iPhone 5C.What s more likely to be driving this grand security directive is not necessarily some effective plan to  keep people safe , but rather, highly lucrative commercial interests.CIA is investing in firms that specialize in sifting through social media postshttps://t.co/nDVBvKt0bz pic.twitter.com/jiWZgQhYDX  RT America (@RT_America) April 15, 2016No Private SpacesPerhaps the most troubling aspect of this story has to do with assessing the relationship between the individual and the government and the expectation of privacy in a so-called democratic or  free  society.In this instance, the government is adopting a blanket policy of judging a person as  guilty until proven innocent.  By ceding this expectation to the government, an individual consenting to this arrangement by forgoing his or her right to privacy and due process. As history shows us time and time again, once you give this away, it s very difficult to get back.In a BBC interview this week, Joseph Lorenzo Hall, chief technologist at the Centre for Democracy and Technology points out one of the fundamental flaws in the government s new regime, as he explains: It s very hard to see travellers not filling out this item   even though it s optional   as they may fear not getting entry into the country. Democracy in general requires having spaces free from government scrutiny and increasingly social life happens online.   We would have a poor society if people were chilled from participating in social activity online so I really hope they rethink this. Now many Americans might look at this story and think,  This doesn t affect me, it s only for foreigners.  While that may seem true on the surface, the reality is that this DHS system is designed for Americans too. Consider it phase one. Besides this, do not be surprised if whatever rights you deny your neighbor, will eventually be denied of you too.This is what technocracy looks like   it s brutal, unforgiving, and ultimately unresponsive to common sense and reason. Worst of all, it pretends to be driven by a perceived public interest in safety and security, but in reality the only security that s ever achieved through such measures   are secure profits for a select number of corporate firms fortunate enough to win corporate contracts in the ever-expanding security theatre that is Homeland Security. Author Patrick Henningsen is also founder and editor at 21st Century Wire, and an independent foreign and political affairs analyst for RT News International. He is also the host of the SUNDAY WIRE talk radio program which airs live every Sunday on the Alternate Current Radio Network. Support our work and Become a Member at 21WIRE.TVREAD MORE WAR ON TERROR NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire War on Terror Files",0
22534,Clinton and Associates’ Education Ponzi Scheme," Dady Chery News Junkie Post Let me tell you about the very rich. They are different from you and me.    F. Scott FitzgeraldEducation is the latest public commons that is being turned into a commodity by a group of the world s arrivistes, including Douglas Becker, Donald Trump, and Bill and Hillary Clinton. Money brings, in those who obsessively accumulate it, a transformation of thought and deed that is most discernible in the nouveaux riches.To give meaning to their purchasing power, they commodify all they can. As part of this process, and almost as a celestial joke, they also become persuaded that anything can be bought. Gradually, they come to believe that money will guarantee access to anything, the acquiescence or corruption of anyone, the evasion of any law or ailment, and the repair of any deficiency including, in many cases, a spotty education.Consider 49-year old Douglas Becker, the founder, Chairman, and CEO of a network of 88 for-profit institutions in 28 countries that offer  undergraduate, master s and doctoral  degrees and enroll more than a million students. Becker s for-profit institutions, which are mainly in South America and Europe, although also in the United States and quickly branching out through Asia and the Middle East, cynically exploit the deeply held belief by many people that an education is a passport out of poverty, to in-debt, ambitious working-class people.Laureate has especially targeted as a market Latin America, where in many countries only about 20 percent of college-age people manage to gain admission to the public universities. Such institutions are free, but they require passing grades on difficult entrance exams and are the most prestigious schools in these countries.Becker did not reach his status by attending college. Possibly he regards as a fool anyone who does, although he claims that his mission is to make a college education more accessible. According to Bloomberg Markets, Becker worked at a Computer Land store while he was in high school, and he got his first taste of money by selling to Blue Cross Blue Shield the idea of a swipe card with patient information. He then built on this wealth by buying a stake in a chain of tutoring services called Sylvan Learning Systems, taking Sylvan public in 1993, and targeting universities on the verge of bankruptcy for purchase by Sylvan.The first such acquisition was Universidad Europea de Madrid (UEM) in 1999. UEM now boasts of 15,600 students and claims that 90 percent  attain employment within 12 months of completing their studies,  but it mentions nothing whatever about its faculty, which is known to have dropped by more than 40 percent within its first five years under Laureate.As UEM has cut its teaching staff, it has increased its cachet by inviting famous people to its campus to accept honorary degrees and large speaking fees. Like the Wizard of Oz, Becker confers degrees on anyone he wishes, including honorary doctorates from UEM on South Africa s Nelson Mandela and Turkey s Recep Tayyip Erdogan.Istanbul Bilgi University, where the faculty was cut and prevented from unionizing even as the enrollment grew by more than 40 percent and the tuition climbed to $14,000 per year, was among about 20 institutions that Sylvan controlled by 2007. That year, Becker renamed his operation Laureate Education and took it private in a $3.4 billion deal that might have been conceived to prevent the scrutiny of shareholders.The main backers included Henry Kravis, of the New York based equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR); Steven Cohen of Point 72 Asset Management (formerly SAC Capital Management); and Citigroup Private Equity. Within three years of Kravis  investment of $487 million, his portion of the business grew to $711 million.Financial analyst and whistleblower Charles Ortel points out that the buyout involved unnecessary risks, and one of the main players, Steven Cohen, had to make a $1.2 billion settlement with the US Justice Department in 2014 for allegations of insider trading regarding another business deal. Ortel explains: When the management of a publicly traded company wants to take the company private, there is an inherent conflict of interest because the management knows more than the public as it raises the money to buy up the public shares. In this case, the process of negotiating among multiple parties with aligned and with competing financial interests took about 15 months from start to finish: a quite long time. The buyout transaction was completed on August 17, 2007, just as strains on the global economy and financial system began to accentuate. Given the financial performance of Laureate since August 2007 and the risks that are materializing now, the price paid to other public shareholders of Laureate by Douglas Becker and members of the buying group may seem attractive, in hindsight. Regulators might choose to re-examine more carefully the process by which Mr. Becker secured financing to buy out public shareholders, concentrating on the variances, if any, between representations made to investors and lenders to the buying group, with disclosures made to the selling shareholder. Details of another profitable move by Becker became known just before Hillary Clinton s announcement of her latest presidential bid, when she and Bill Clinton made public their federal income tax information. In their tax returns, $16.5 million of payments from Laureate to Bill Clinton were disclosed that purportedly were made for his role as the Honorary Chancellor of Laureate International University. Recall that Hillary Clinton had become the US Secretary of State in 2009 and that Bill Clinton was, at all times in position to exercise significant influence over the affairs of the Clinton Foundation and all its affiliates, including Clinton Global Initiative, Inc. (New CGI), which had been involved with Laureate in a venture known as Clinton Global Initiative-University or  CGI-U  Charles Ortel said.Indeed, during the same period, the State Department initially granted $55 million to International Youth Foundation, a charity in which Becker has been actively involved for years and that is based in Maryland. The US government later organized for Laureate to receive $100 million from the World Bank s International Finance Corporation (IFC); in this transaction, a fund managed by the IFC provided $50 million and the sovereign wealth fund of Korea provided $50 million.Ortel has verified the Clintons  taxes and says they are a huge mess. He notes that: Bill and Hillary Clinton each earned substantial sums for speeches rendered in numerous states other than New York and Washington, DC, and many countries other than the US, yet they have not supplied information concerning such state and foreign tax filings. Furthermore the Clintons did not disclose their transactions with Laureate as Related-Party Transactions in their IRS Form 990s for the Clinton Foundation and New CGI, not only in their original filings for 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013, but also in their corrected filings. It is not even clear how CGI-U is controlled, whether it is registered in all legal jurisdictions where it operates, or what its financial results may have been. In an interview with Richard Johnson of the New York Post, Trump advisor Roger Stone wondered if the Clintons got rich from State Department funds. Further, he accused the Clintons of helping Laureate to eliminate its competition. Stone argued that the payments to Bill Clinton have protected Laureate from government attacks on their accreditation and fitness for student loans even as much smaller operations like Corinthian and Trump University have been severely hit.Corinthian went bankrupt in 2015 after a federal district court in Illinois found it to be liable for $530 million in predatory loans for promising its students jobs that did not materialize and getting them heavily indebted. Trump University was recently hit by fraud lawsuits from New York and California for calling itself a university, although it had been doing so since its inception in 2005. By contrast, no lawsuit so far has stuck to Laureate.Possibly the main mistake of Trump U. and Corinthian has been to grow on US citizens, unlike Laureate, which has taken care to parasitize foreign nationals first, particularly working-class people from emerging powers.Bill Clinton s greatest help to Laureate has likely come as introductions to foreign politicians, most of them probably corrupt, who could influence their governments  student loan programs. The highest number of campuses in any single country so far is in Brazil, where Laureate owns 12 institutions. There Dilma Rousseff s seven-fold increase of government-backed student loans has been a great boon. The Centro Universario IBMR of Rio de Janeiro is a typical campus. Enrollment there has more than tripled because of a Ponzi scheme in which, to pay their loans, students become employed as telemarketers who recruit new students and are paid by the head.The school remains open although Rio s legislature has criticized it for firing faculty while it achieved its extraordinary expansion. In Chile, where President Sebastian Pinera raised taxes around 2012 to fund student loans, Laureate owns five institutions. At Santiago s Universidad de Las Am ricas (UDLA), accreditation was withdrawn in 2013 because graduation rates had dived, and 10,000 new students had been added as the number of teachers had dropped. UDLA accepts students with scores as low as 20 percent on its entrance exam and has been described as the place where  you go when no one else will accept you.  The list of campuses goes on. You may inspect them here.Laureate decided to go public again in fall 2015. It filed to convert to a Delaware-based public benefit corporation for an initial public offering (IPO) in which it disclosed $4.7 billion in debt, probably hoping that the IPO would erase some of this crushing debt burden. With friends like the Clintons, how can it lose? If Laureate continues to grow, it will expand to the US market, and there will be no way to stop it when it does.Imagine, if you will, a Laureate bid for Brandeis University (which was in the red after Bernie Madoff squandered its endowment) or Wayne State University (where a city such as Detroit has gone bankrupt); imagine further the devaluation of every degree that these universities have granted. Now think of your school, suddenly insolvent, or your children s schools becoming parodies of educational institutions.Clinton has packed Laureate s board with people from his 1993-2001 administration, including his former Secretary of Education, Richard W. Riley; his former Secretary of Housing and development, Henry Cisneros; and his former head of the US Information Agency, Joseph Duffey.Quite apart from the fact that the Clintons and their associates appear to have set up a for-profit education scam to dwarf all others, they also seem to have established an entity that can grow their wealth, finance their political campaigns on the sly, grease the wheels wherever needed, and indefinitely keep them in power regardless of voter choice.All of it has been done so far on the backs of the world s aspiring poor, with the collusion of their governments and pretext of improving their lot. This is the way of the Clintons and their rich friends.*** Dady Chery is the author of We Have Dared to Be Free. Photographs one by Joe Brusky; two by Joi Ito; three and four from the archives of Universidad Europea de Madrid; six from Quinn Dombrowski; seven from the archives of the World Bank; and nine from Mike Licht.READ MORE ON THE PONZI SCHEME: 21st Century Wire Ponzi FilesSupport our work and Become a Member @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22535,The Genealogy of Trump’s U-Turn on Palestine,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireHas political reality finally set in for the GOP presumptive nominee Donald Trump?With only days before the Republican Party s National Convention at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio, presidential candidate Donald J. Trump finally abandoned any pretence of  neutrality  on the Israel-Palestine issue, and is now firmly  committed  to supporting Israeli settlement expansion on territories it has seized illegally, and also not recognizing a Palestinian State.After all the promising rhetoric and previous displays of good will on this crucial foreign policy issue, exactly how did he finally arrive back at the status quo?What started off as interesting, became promising, before eventually settling into Washington s default position. On numerous past occasions during the GOP debate cycle and along the campaign trail, Trump had stated his feelings (which appeared to have an air of passion at the time) and intentions to secure a peace deal for the open-ended Israel-Palestine conflict.The Israeli Lobby started to get very interested in the beginning of December 2015, when during an interview with the AP, Trump seemed to blame Israel for not securing a lasting peace agreement. I have a real question as to whether or not both sides want to make it,  Trump said, before explaining that his concerns predominantly reside with  one side in particular [Israel].  He also hinted that he wasn t interested in any Jewish Republican money, to a chorus of boos he crowed,  I can t be bought . The same for any outside money too. Later, it slipped out again during a nationally televised GOP debate, with Trump making sounds about  negotiating a peace deal. Now here was a true maverick, giving chase to the forbidden cow. Amid all of Trump s wild gaffes and ad hominem attacks, this was an epiphany. At this moment Trump really stood out, and caught the attention   and support   of a whole new legion of disaffected, disenfranchised moderates paddling on the fringe of the Trump wave.That was it. Soon after the phone rang. It was Sheldon.The Donald had been summoned to a one-on-one in Las Vegas with the capo de capo himself, the George Soros of American right-wing politics, the kingmaker, Lord of the Slots and Supreme Master of Macau, billionaire property, casino tycoon and CEO of Las Vegas Sands Corporation, 82 yr old Sheldon Adelson. It was after this time that Trump began to shape-shift on the issue, and not in favor of the Palestinians either.  CAPO de CAPO? Donald Trump and Sheldon AdelsonAdelson, a committed Zionist who has backed numerous successful political careers, including that of Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu, commented on his meeting with the Republican candidate,  He [Trump] had talked about potentially dividing about Jerusalem and Israel, so I talked about Israel because with our newspaper, my wife being Israeli, we are the few who know more about Israel than people who don t. From that point on, began the process of Trump s  rehabilitation  on the Israel-Palestine.On March 10, 2016, there stood Trump, still as the presumptive underdog, at CNN s GOP Debate in Miami   alongside a wall of Republicans candidates who were all firmly in the pockets of the Israel lobby including their emissaries in the US Senate   Lindsey Graham, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, Trump s remarks on the illusive peace process could have been considered seminal way back then: I would like to at least have the other side think I m somewhat neutral as to them, so that we can maybe get a deal done. Campaign rival Cruz hit back, questioning Trump s support for Israel saying,  I don t think we need a commander in chief who is neutral between the Palestinian terrorists and one of our strongest allies in the world, the nation of Israel. Everyone, including the media, seemed so shocked by Trump s unorthodox comments that they went near catatonic on this issue afterwords. It was as if Trump had pole-vaulted over the perennial swamp that is the GOP foreign policy platform. The Lobby didn t waste any time however. In the eyes of the wider Israeli Lobby, taking a  neutral  stance or daring to recognize Palestine or Palestinians, is synonymous with attacking Israel and Jews. This is a simple law of political physics in America at the moment and will remain so as long as the lobbyists continue shoveling millions of dollars per month into the pockets of both prospective candidates and elected officials nationwide.Predictably, he was attacked viciously by his opponents, especially Cruz. It seemed as if Trump has broken ranks in a way that was unfathomable for any Republican politician seeking office in the United States of America.Of course, the Israeli press didn t take kindly to Trump s vision of peace and harmony, and from this point onward, pressure began to mount on Trump to conform to the American political orthodoxy on this issue.Soon, Trump was summoned on March 21st, to AIPAC, the American-Israel Public Affairs Committee, where he delivered a resounding speech which seemed good enough for the lobby that night, but the job wasn t finished just yet.Later on in May, Trump continued to evolve, now employing doublespeak on the issue, saying he would still like to negotiate  a deal  but that Israel should keep building illegal settlements in the West Bank of Palestine, and that Israel needs to  keep going  and  keep moving forward.  He stated: I d love to negotiate peace. I think that, to me, is the all-time negotiation I would love to see if peace could be negotiated. A lot of people say that s not a deal that s possible. But I mean lasting peace, not a peace that lasts for two weeks and they start launching missiles again. So we ll see what happens. I think Israel should have   they really have to keep going. They have to keep moving forward [with constructing illegal settlements]. Finally, the penny ultimately dropped. With the GOP s Big Tent event rapidly approaching, Trump s platform on Israel has been fully baked. Sputnik News reports: David M. Friedman, a real-estate attorney serving as Trump s main advisor on Israel, said the Republican presidential candidate and reality television star would not support the recognition of the Palestinian state without  the approval of the Israelis.  Friedman also remarked that Trump was unconcerned with the inhabitants of the West Bank, because  nobody really knows how many Palestinians live there. Trump made Friedman a part of his campaign staff in April, at a meeting with Orthodox Jews, naming him and Jason Greenblatt, another real-estate lawyer and Trump s chief attorney, as his advisors on Israel. Friedman said at the time,  Mr. Trump s confidence is very flattering. My views on Israel are well known, and I would advise him in a manner consistent with those views. America s geopolitical interests are best served by a strong and secure Israel, with Jerusalem as its undivided capital.  Friedman has made no secret of his feelings about a two-state solution with Palestine, writing that,  It was never a solution, just an illusion that served both the US and the Arabs. Another devastating blow to the native Palestinians, currently under military occupation   and backed by the US to the tune of $3 billion per year in direct military aid (free money for weapons and equipment).Against his former declarations to the contrary, Trump is also now accepting outside money, from multiple sources. Funny how the political poles shift. How quickly a raging populist becomes a cynical realist. Even for a self-made billionaire, money still buys friends and influence.With that out of the way, it s finally safe for the lobby to get behind Donald in a general election, should they wish to.There it is. The genealogy of Donald Trump s evolving stance on Israel.*** Author Patrick Henningsen is an American writer and global affairs analyst and founder of independent news and analysis site 21st Century Wire, and is host of the SUNDAY WIRE weekly radio show broadcast globally over the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR). He has written for a number of international publications and has done extensive on-the-ground reporting of the conflict Syria, Iraq and the Middle East.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22536,"MISSING DETAILS: Orlando Shooting 911 Transcripts Questioned, Survivor’s Story Challenged","Shawn Helton 21st Century Wire The FBI have finally released the written transcripts from shooter Omar Mateen s supposed 911 call   and now apparently unredacted. Meanwhile, another story of survival at Pulse nightclub is called into question.Will this tell us anything new about this event, or will it just prompt even more questions? NIGHT OF TERROR?   A serene setting following the Orlando shooting attack on June 11th (Image Source: twitter)Shaky Storyline, Missing DetailsWhile the focus on Orlando shooter Omar Mateen s 911 transcripts is over what was included and what was not, and while the national media argue endlessly over the need for more gun control in the US   the most important aspect of the FBI supplied transcript seems to have gone virtually unnoticed. There s no discussion of an actual shooting occurring inside of the Pulse nightclub.While the report has a basic outline of  America s largest mass shooting  it fails to account for any of the shootings said to have occurred within the Pulse nightclub, with no mention of individuals being shot at or reportedly shot at in the FBI s official narrative. It s as if they just left out the biggest piece of the puzzle.This has become an all to common theme, as media press conference rituals shape a narrative within the first hours of a mass casualty event and even if that story turns out to be mostly false, the media runs with it anyway, whether or not law enforcement information and crime scene analysis belies the original narrative pushed by media. The most clear example of this happened during the aftermath of the WTC 1993 bombing, where major media outlets exposed it as an FBI run sting with their operators in control   yet still, media anchors called it an al-Qaeda led attack.So when you consider what happened in Orlando, one should question the lack of shooting details- why is this aspect of the story left open for interpretation when every other part of the official timeline appears to be accounted for?While the media conveniently overlook this important detail, the implications of this could be very significant in determining who shot who, and when.Interestingly, the description of the Orlando shooting even includes mention of the Orlando Police Department pulling an air conditioning unit out of a Pulse  dressing room  to evacuate victims, a multi-call crisis negotiation, the alleged shooter s outrageous claims of a  bomb-laced vest  and authorities breaching the back wall of the nightclub with an explosive charge   and yet, no mention of additional shots fired at patrons inside the club?Here s a portion of the FBI s summary of events that excludes any mention of shots fired within the interior of the club itself: Based on OPD radio communications, there were no reports of shots being fired inside Pulse between the initial exchange of gunfire between responding officers and shooter, and the time of the final breach. During this time, the shooter communicated with an OPD 911 operator and an OPD crisis negotiator, and OPD radio communications reported that victims were being rescued. Here s a more basic chronology of the Orlando shooting, as told by the FBI: 2:02 a.m.: OPD call transmitted multiple shots fired at Pulse nightclub. 2:04 a.m.: Additional OPD officers arrived on scene. 2:08 a.m.: Officers from various law enforcement agencies made entrance to Pulse and engaged the shooter. 2:18 a.m.: OPD SWAT (Special Weapons and Tactics) initiated a full call-out. 2:35 a.m.: Shooter contacted a 911 operator from inside Pulse.3:03 a.m.: Second crisis negotiation call occurred lasting approximately 16 minutes. 3:24 a.m.: Third crisis negotiation call occurred lasting approximately three minutes.4:21 a.m.: OPD pulled an air conditioning unit out of a Pulse dressing room window for victims to evacuate.4:29 a.m.: As victims were being rescued, they told OPD the shooter said he was going to put four vests with bombs on victims within 15 minutes.5:02 a.m.: OPD SWAT and OCSO Hazardous Device Team began to breach wall with explosive charge and armored vehicle to make entry.5:14 a.m.: OPD radio communication stated that shots were fired. 5:15 a.m.: OPD radio communication stated that OPD engaged the suspect and the suspect was reported down. The Orlando shooting details state multiple shots [were] fired at Pulse nightclub at 2:02 am, as Additional OPD officers arrived on scene,  at 2:04 am, with law enforcement engaging the shooter at 2:08 am   there is no other mention of shots fired until police exchange fire with the alleged suspect after breaching the wall at 5:15 am.Question: Would it really be possible for Mateen to have accurately shot over 100 people, take hostages and engage in a fire fight with officers in just a 6 minute time frame?This scenario is hardly likely, if not impossible.Additionally, what happened during the apparent crisis negotiation from 3:24 am to 4:21 am, why have the FBI chosen not to elaborate on those details?Matten s weapons of choice during the apparent attack were a Sig Sauer MCX .223 caliber rifle and a Glock 17 9mm semi-auto pistol    and according to the official story, was far more accurate than most well-trained law enforcement agents, defying statistical averages as examined by the Rand Corporation.Let s take another look at the extensive Rand study involving the NYPD, here are the following statistics as it relates they firearm accuracy: According to a 2008 Rand Corporation study evaluating the New York Police Department s firearm training, between 1998 and 2006, the average hit rate during gunfights was just 18 percent . When suspects did not return fire, police officers hit their targets 30 percent of the time.Another aspect of the Orlando shooting attack was the possibility that many club goers could have been injured by authorities, something that also seemed to be absent from the official story. Here s a passage from WFAA8, an ABC affiliate discussing this point: Orlando Police Chief John Mina and other law enforcement officers offered new details about the shooting, including the possibility that some victims may have been killed by officers trying to save them. I will say this, that s all part of the investigation,  Mina said.  But I will say when our SWAT officers, about eight or nine officers, opened fire, the backdrop was a concrete wall, and they were being fired upon. Police also used an explosive charge and a Bearcat armored vehicle to breach the wall as civilians were allegedly holed up in a bathroom. This has led some critics to consider the possibility that non-combatants could have become collateral damage during the SWAT siege at Pulse.Political Fallout & Media EngineeringAlso of note regarding the Orlando shooting event, was the obvious attempt to ramrod new ready-made gun legislation (struck down just two days ago)   just over a week after the incident.Back in November of 2012, it was reported that the White House, along with other Democrats were already busy rewriting old gun-ban legislation just prior to the Sandy Hook shooting. The Assault Weapons Ban and Law Enforcement Protection Act of 2007, otherwise known as H.R. 1022 of the 110th Congress, it introduced an early list of gun-bans and restrictions but was dropped due to lack of public support. A similar set of laws failed after the Oregon campus shooting in 2015.While big media has been busy trying to sell the public on the most tragic shooting in America. They ve also been attempting to fill in a series of unexplainable blanks by seemingly re-writing the Orlando narrative, with a wave of contradictory information. In essence, the corporate media has boiled down two choices in the motive for the Orlando Pulse nightclub shooting   suggesting it s either a hate crime or terrorism.And since then it s become problematic to blend certain elements of the official story in the Orlando shooting case, prompting Attorney General Loretta Lynch to state the motive may never be known in the alleged crime   after key aspects of the 911 transcript were redacted and a decision was made to block audio from the 911 call.No motive, no audio, redacted transcripts and conflicting reports of the shooting, isn t that convenient.The whole episode immediately recalls the much fabled death of Bin Laden and the political and media fiasco that followed the Abbotabad raid in Pakistan   all of which failed to reveal any real forensic evidence, as President Obama withheld post-mortem images of Bin Laden, including  video  of the sea burial of the purported terror leader.The fact is, none of the media s grandstanding or politicized hyperbole has offered anything in terms of actual evidence   as the public has been deliberately steered towards multiple storylines   while politicians go through another gun control/gun reform ritual on the Senate floor.  QUIET EMERGENCY?    A calm scene at Orlando Regional Medical Center hospital prior to apparent Pulse nightclub victims arriving for medical attention. (Image Source: twitter)Orlando s Staged Elements & False ClaimsRecently here at 21WIRE, we discussed much of the corporate media s theatrical depiction of the Orlando shooting and the widespread characterization of the event, which has been reduced to two categories   that of a  lone gunman  and a saddened community centered on the sociopolitical ramifications of the incident, rather than an in-depth forensic analysis of the alleged crime itself.In addition, we outlined some of the various Hollywood and media connections observed in the aftermath of the apparent Orlando shooting attack, as it was revealed that the world s largest security firm G4S, who had employed the man named in the Orlando pulse nightclub shooting, Omar Mateen  is also client of the mass casualty and crisis actor staging company called CrisisCast.As if that wasn t enough, we re also now being told that alleged Pulse nightclub  survivor  Clint Lampkin s account of the shooting has been called into question by media. The following is a YouTube clip from Wochit news reviewing the inconsistencies found by the CBS-affiliated television station WHNT-TV The following was released by FOX6 on June 21st, examining WHNT-TV s findings over the weekend that have since been removed from the network s website: On Saturday, hundreds of people in Alabama were captivated by an impromptu speech by Clint Lampkin, a man who claimed to be a survivor of the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando. I was in the bar when it all happened,  Lampkin told the crowd at the Rocket City Pride Memorial Service in Huntsville.  It s been hard on me  seeing people get shot. Lampkin said the hate he witnessed first-hand is still overwhelming. It s really strong. I mean not just for my friend but all the others that lost their lives. It s hard you know. It really is. It s really sad,  Lampkin says.Continuing, the recently published article outlined the contradictory nature of Lampkin s comments made during a memorial service and a Facebook post on his personal account on the morning after the shooting:(Left side screen shot of Lampkin s strange comment after the Orlando attack) But now, Lampkin s story is being called into question.One of Lampkin s Facebook friends sent WHNT a screenshot of one of Lampkin s Facebook posts from June 12, which shows he shared the story about the shooting and wrote:  Glad I wasn t at that one. Lampkin told WHNT his Facebook account was  hacked  and that he never made that post. He still claims he was at the Pulse Nightclub the night of the shooting. I have really bad anxiety attacks, so I just kinda, I don t know, my mind is just gone,  he told WHNT.WHNT asked for other details surrounding the night of the shooting, and Lampkin gave the same response   that the trauma he witnessed has somehow erased his memory and made it difficult to remember the name of the friend who was allegedly shot dead: I did lose a friend that got shot,  he told the crowd on Saturday. WHNT asked Lampkin for the name of his friend who died inside the club. He answered that he had only known each other for a short time and didn t remember the victim s name.  Lampkin s Facebook profile states that he s an associate at Tobacco Warehouse and a cashier at Arby s. CEO of Free2Be and organizer of the Rocket City Pride Memorial Service, James Robinson, has subsequently fielded calls claiming Lampkin s story is untrue.This again has become another unexplained and unresolved aspect in the Orlando shooting event.Rehearsal Drills Train the PublicThe staging of inter-agency drills often precedes an area stricken by a tragic event. Here at 21WIRE, we ve documented a number of drills taking place in the days, months, years, in a nearby city leading up to a dramatic mass casualty incident.As we previously reported Orlando s Orange County had been running a number of  mass casualty  drills in recent years.As stated before, these emergency response drills often take place prior to a real-life active-shooter scenario. The Orlando Sentinel reported the drill on October 2nd, 2015, one day after the Oregon shooting, an event that also saw drills prior to a shooting at Umpqua Community College. Here s a passage of the Sentinel s report: During the Emergency Nurses Association s annual meeting on Friday, a mock shooter blew himself up, killing and injuring 100 local volunteer actors. There was blood, screams and moans, wounds and dead people   all fake   to create a realistic training environment for more than 40 nurses who had signed up for the exercise.They quickly began tending to  patients,  assessing the extent of their injuries. The  NBC-affiliated WESH2 in Orlando stated that  Nurses attending to mock patients knew they were in for a drill, but they had no idea it would be a mass casualty/active shooter test. Was the Pulse nightclub shooting a drill gone live, with both real and unreal elements?  HEAVY MAKE-UP    In another plot twist, an alleged ex-lover of Mateen s named  Miguel  has re-energized the hate crime narrative pushed by media.(Image Source: xaluan)According left-leaning latin American broadcast TV outlet Univision: Omar Mateen, the Muslim gunman who committed the Pulse nightclub massacre in Orlando, was  100 percent  gay and bore a grudge against Latino men because he felt used by them, according to a man who says he was his lover for two months. I ve cried like you have no idea. But the thing that makes me want to tell the truth is that he didn t do it for terrorism. In my opinion he did it for revenge,  he told Univision Noticias anchor Maria Elena Salinas in an exclusive interview in English and Spanish on Tuesday. He said Mateen was angry and upset after a man he had sex with later revealed he was infected with the HIV virus.Asked why he decided to come forward with his story, he said:  It s my responsibility as a citizen of the United States and a gay man. The man said he had approached by the FBI and been interviewed three times in person by agents. Univision was unable to independently verify his account. The FBI confirmed to Univision that it had met with him. Suddenly, the alleged shooter Omar Mateen is a gay lover scorned, and not an ISIS-inspired terrorist? Note here that  Miguel  could be seen wearing a very expensive, complex Hollywood-level make-up facade, and one could easily deduce here that  Miguel  is an actor of sorts, if not a professional.It should also be noted that Univision, who collaborate heavily with CNN on a number of sensational and politicized stories, led the way in spoiling the crime scene of the alleged shooter Omar Mateen s apartment in Orlando   accessing his property and fiddling with the suspects belongs on camera only days after the Pulse nightclub event. This media segment was clearly staged, not least of all because at that time law enforcement announced they were conducting a  terrorism  and mass-murder investigation. If that were the case, then the suspect s home would have been classed as a crime scene and its contents considered as evidence.Judging by Univision s immediate media access to the property, it should be fairly obvious, as it was after the exact same San Bernardino media fiasco last December, that the apartment would not have been deemed a real crime scene in an international or domestic terrorism investigation. Watch: For over a week, the public has been drip fed information about the Orlando shooting attack   much of which has led to even more questions. To major media, the event is all but a forgone conclusion tightly wrapped up with all the fear-inducing talking points on both the left and right side of the political aisle without clearly looking at the alleged crime itself.In fact it seems, that the media has sought to draw the viewer away from the incomplete Pulse nightclub story line, a narrative that as of yet   has failed to explain the connection of a crisis staging company (CrisisCast) to that of the alleged shooter s security company (G4S), as well as many Hollywood/acting/media connections discovered, such as Luis Burbano, Shawn Royster Santiago, Patience Carter, Omar Mateen, Francesca Hunt and Brian Mitchell   add to that, those who witnessed multiple shooters or any shooting within the interior of the nightclub, in addition to the mismatched tweets and Facebook posts that displayed inaccurate time frames or cult of personality types such as Clint Lampkin, whose story just doesn t add up.We re now told that the FBI is continuing to build a timeline of Mateen s whereabouts before the attack, stating he paid for entry at Pulse then subsequently disappeared for a two-hour period between when he left the club and returned. It s anyone s guess what will be next in the Orlando shooting story.END OF PART 3Stay tuned for more Orlando shooting updates SEE ALSO: CASTING CRISIS: Orlando s Actors, Agents and Casualty Role PlayersREAD MORE ORLANDO SHOOTING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Orlando FilesHelp support us by becoming a 21WIRE Member at: 21WIRE.TV",0
22537,Trump Attacks Hillary: “She is a world class liar!”,"21st Century Wire says Trump has begun his war on Hillary.Today, Donald Trump presented a full length speech attacking Hillary Clinton.Trump called on Sanders supporters to join in supporting him, saying that he too is interested in removing special interests from American politics and is also not a political insider.The presidential candidate went on to attack Hillary for making speeches to banking elites and refusing to release their content for public critique.In what may be shocking to some, Trump also advocated a policy of protectionism, through trade tariffs, to protect American jobs and industry, while savaging Hillary for being a massive promoter of  free trade  deals.Here are some of Trump s striking lines from the speech, which you can watch in full below: Hillary Clinton has perfected the politics of personal profit and even theft. We got here because we switched from a policy of Americanism, to a policy of globalism   focusing on how to make money for large corporations. She believes she is entitled to the office. She gets rich making you poor. It s not just our economy that s been corrupted, but our foreign policy too. The Hillary Clinton foreign policy has cost America thousands of lives, trillions of dollars, and unleashed ISIS across the world. Her decisions spread death, destruction and terrorism everywhere she touched. In 2009, before Hillary Clinton was sworn in, it was a different world. Libya was cooperating, Iraq was seeing a reduction in violence, Syria was under control, ISIS wasn t even on the map. https://youtu.be/xUW2-MUonbo?t=35m6s . Get 10% off a 21WIRE TV membership package today using promo code: STU21WIRETVEVERYTHING ON ELECTION 2016: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22538,Black Student ‘Activist’ Jailed for Tweeting FAKE Racist Threats,"21st Century Wire says What a twisted world we have become.A female, black student activist, Kayla McKelvey (image below), has been jailed for tweeting racially charged threats directed at events that she, herself, was organising and attending. She essentially employed the  false flag attack  model, where one claims to be under attack from another, who in actual fact has nothing to do with it, to further an agenda.The so-called  activist  pleaded guilty to causing false public alarm, but claimed the tweets  were meant to raise awareness of racism on campus .One wonders how much racism there really is on campus, if someone has to deliberately go out of their way to create fake racial threats. This then raises the questions, what exactly did McKelvey hope to achieve by creating a  threat  to black people on campus?The threats caused Kean University to shell out $80,000 in additional security costs, costs that McKelvey will now be forced to repay after her 90 days behind bars.Such actions do absolutely nothing to  raise awareness of racism , and only further racial divides. If we stop seeing race altogether, and instead see humanity, we can really solve the problem.Get 10% off a 21WIRE TV membership package today using promo code: STU21WIRETVMORE ON ERODING WESTERN  CULTURE : 21st Century Wire Culture Files",0
22539,"CASTING CRISIS: Orlando’s Actors, Agents and Casualty Role Players","Shawn Helton 21st Century WireTruth is often stranger than fiction when looking at the bizarre phenomena surrounding many mass casualty incidents   and the Orlando Pulse nightclub shooting was no exception.It was recently revealed that the world s largest security firm G4S, who had employed the man named in the Orlando pulse nightclub shooting, Omar Mateen  is a client of the mass casualty staging company called CrisisCast.  STAGING REALITY    CrisisCast specializes in replicating mass casualty events. (Screen Capture from Crisis Cast)Training for DisasterThe heavily-stylized company CrisisCast, appears to be a revamped version of the Visionbox Crisis Actors project (a crisis actor production emerging after Sandy Hook), with a professional team of actors, elaborate film crews, expert producers and theatrical effects makeup squads mimicking real-life injuries (additional prosthetics)   all focused to deliver a simulated crisis-like reality to the public, later to be managed accordingly through their public relations division via various forms of social media.RELATED: (VIDEO)  Active Shooter  and  Terror  Drills: The Truth WILL Shock YouIn CrisisCast s  about  section we see a sophisticated amalgam of emergency protocol disaster training combined with  internationally credited film crews,  that bring their high-end stagecraft to life, through a collection of  role players, stunts, medical simulations and combat flashpoints, cloaked in visual tricky, with film techniques out of the UK and Australia, so says the group s website.Below is a road traffic collusion demo created by lead CrisisCast producer/founder Brian Mitchell (has worked on Hollywood studios and holds National security clearance) featured on Vimeo. The scenario is filmed from multiple angles, with quick cut editing that disorients, as we see an individual (crisis actor) in the aftermath of a crash   struck by the emotional weight of the scene   screaming out to a gaggle of onlookers after witnessing the staged carnage. The strange episode leaves one with a feeling of phantom trauma that continues to lurk.When recreating large scale mass casualty incidents, Cast may also make use of  pyrotechnics, wardrobe, special effects, covert and aerial footage,  depending on the clients needs.In a passage from their  solutions  section, an outline to basic formatting for a simulated crisis is revealed: Our producers work with your trainers to create a  script  that enables the role play actors to know when to trigger key developments in an evolving crisis management scenario. We brief and rehearse the team   where possible on location   but at least with video surveillance footage.Heads of department manage each discipline and report to the lead producer who is your direct contact at all times. In addition to stage-managing a crisis scenario with a highly fluid production team, Cast also centers its strategy on  lockdown and evacuation procedures, [with] the ability of emergency services to co-operate,   and the ever important task of having the  joint ability to respond to the press,  in a partnership with the company s clients through a multitude of social media platforms on the internet. The  crowdsourcing  techniques employed by Visionbox Crisis Actors comes to mind.  OUR CRISIS    A promotional shot from CrisisCast s website featuring a riot scene in London. (Image Scource: crisiscast) Nothing works as effectively in dealing with real-world disasters as rehearsal.    CrisisCastAlso note worthy, Cast states, it has the ability to create  highly credible, dramatic scenarios to bear preparing your people for the worst, employing both  psychological and practical tools,  in their disaster training   all the while making sure that role playing actors, as well as crew have signed non-disclosure agreements (NDA s) before each scripted event. Here s another passage depicting the kind of psychological implementation used to achieve a successful Cast simulation: Our role play actors are psychologically trained in criminal and victim behaviour. They bring intense realism to simulated mass casualty incidents on the battlefield, during kidnap and ransom and emergency evacuation situations and in hostile threat incidents in urban or public places.In so doing, CrisisCast provides learners with an irrevocable first encounter with the emotional challenges of any hostile incident. Other clients of Cast include The London City Airport and UK Trade & Investment, along with many other leading companies worldwide. From CrisisCast to Hollywood Also featured on Cast s website, Francesca Hunt (Professional actress and lead producer and co-founder of CrisisCast), explaining why  authentic  stress behaviors are so important when recreating a crisis. . According unitedagents.co.uk, Hunt herself is a theater trained actress, having studied at Oxford (1983-86) graduate, Bristol Old Vic (1987-89) and Moscow Arts Theatre 1989. She has been featured in several Hollywood films such as  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (2005), Strathblair (1992) and A Prince Among Men (1997) on her IMDB page.  The page also states she is married to Brian (Mitchell?, CrisisCast Founder?).  FROM ONE STAGE TO ANOTHER    Here s an image from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (2005) featuring James Fox, Julia Winter, Francesca Hunt. (Image Source:pinterest)A-LIST: Here s a head shot depicting Hunt as seen on United Agents  On another note, Cast s blog features a host of promotional interviews and research studies, as well as fear inducing titles such as  How to set fire to a school,   Roleplaying for riot control,  and  Columbia   education in the face of violence. In the YouTube clip below, the intricate dynamics within a staged crisis are witnessed when  fictional  European countries are pitted against one another during riot-scene training with the Black Watch, 3rd Battalion, Royal Regiment of Scotland (3 SCOTS)   The video mentions the UN s involvement as well   could this kind of  training  also be used under a modern day Operation GLADIO? They ll have to be prepared for an escalation of force.    Forces TVIn an article published with The Guardian entitled  How to simulate a terrorist atrocity,  Crisis Cast digs into their bag of tricks to deliver:  a drill to test the skills and capabilities of the police, counter-terrorism units, fire and ambulance services in the north of England in the event of a terrorist attack   in this case, involving a suicide bombing and masked gunmen. A video clip shows a bomb going off outside a burger restaurant, which leaves dozens of people lying  killed  or  injured  on the ground, while others run off screaming.   SIMULATED TERROR     Even though you knew it wasn t real, it really felt real,  said one actors from the Trafford Centre terror drill. (Image Source: crisiscast)CrisisCast clients include Deloitte, G4S, the British Home Office, the NHS, and others.As 21WIRE has previously reported, this induces kind of cognitive dissonance for passive audiences, which often blocks a viewer from considering another perspective following a traumatic event   You have to wonder, what is really being learned during these events?Watch the following  suicide terrorist  drill performed with a full cast of paid UK crisis actors held in Manchester, England in May 2016: Looking at what we ve learned above, is it possible that CrisisCast s productions could extend in a recreation of a terror based story line using the concept of a criminal  lone wolf  persona?The Strange Script in OrlandoWe ve been told that in addition to working for one of the largest security firms in the US since 2007, G4S Secure Solutions, the 29-year old Mateen, the alleged Orlando shooter, an Afghani-American located in Port St. Lucie, Florida, was placed under a terror watch list for 10 months (interviewed two to three times by the FBI 2013-14) as well as appearing in two documentary feature films. Most notably, a short interview in a major Hollywood designer documentary called The Big Fix in 2012, discussing the BP oil spill at Deep Water Horizon.Mateen at the 36 minute mark, played the part of a concerned security guard, taking on a scripted activist-type character revealing that  everybody is out to get paid,  and that  they want more disaster to happen, cuz that s where there money making is  even though he was currently working for the world s largest security contractor overseeing the apparent environmental crisis.Indeed, Mateen was also featured in another documentary called Love City Jalalabad (2013), a feature supposedly depicting progressive Afghani youth and a quest for social change, created by the abstract artist/filmmaker George Gittoes, whose works delve into the holographic and hyperreal, as he was also said to be a former collaborator with the famed screen print legend Andy Warhol and holographic pioneer physicist Zoltan Hegedus (hat-tip 21WIRE contributor Randy Johnson).Gittoes has a background in politically charged propaganda films, with him  [Creating a] series of works including The Hotel Kennedy Suite and The Kent State Suite responding to events in the United States, including anti-Vietnam War protests and the Kent State shootings at Kent State University, Ohio,  in 1970.Additionally, during a time of great upheaval, Gittoes  [traveled] to Bosnia (April May) on a privately sponsored trip to document United Nations- monitored elections. Produces series of paintings based on the people of Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and documents the effects of the 1992 96 Bosnian War for independence, the longest siege of a city in the history of modern warfare. Gittoes then traveled to Iraq four times between March 2003 and May 2004, making a trilogy of films based on The War On Terror.Comparatively, in an article written by Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis we re reminded of other connections with intelligence agencies and Hollywood. Here s a passage where Dyer observes historical links between the CIA and Hollywood, through the former CIA general counsel: Author John Rizzo has recently published a book titled Company Man: Thirty Years of Controversy and Crisis in the CIA, which is an amazing admission of this scandalous affair between intelligence and the film industry.  The L.A. Times comments: The CIA has long had a special relationship with the entertainment industry, devoting considerable attention to fostering relationships with Hollywood movers and shakers studio executives, producers, directors, big-name actors,  John Rizzo, the former acting CIA general counsel, wrote in his new book,  Company Man: Thirty Years of Crisis and Controversy in the CIA.The CIA also recruits actors to give more visibility to propaganda projects abroad, such as a documentary secretly produced by the agency, Rizzo said. And the agency sometimes takes advantage of the door-opening cachet that movie stars and other American celebrities enjoy. A star who met a world leader, for example, might be asked for details about that meeting.The CIA has officials assigned full-time to the care and feeding of Hollywood assets, Rizzo wrote.  Other former CIA officials added that some of those operatives work in the Los Angeles office of an agency department called the National Resources Division, which recruits people in the U.S. to help America spy abroad. Through the connections above, were also reminded of the alleged Orlando shooter s father, Seddique Mateen, who is closely tied to some of the most powerful leaders and agencies in Washington DC. Here s a passage from a recent 21WIRE report discussing a deeper intelligence connection with the Mateen family: Omar Mateen, worked as a contractor for the US Department of Homeland Security, then we learned that the elder Mateen is also standing to run for President of Afghanistan and is allied with the Taliban leadership   an absolutely ideal profile for a Washington-managed, CIA controlled-opposition political candidate. SEE ALSO: Father of Orlando Shooter is Long-time CIA AssetWhat is the public to make of Mateen s own acting and film background as it relates to America s largest mass shooting   are we again seeing a clear link between Hollywood and military/security services?Was the Orlando shooting also a production of sorts?The theatrical aspects of this event, as depicted in the media over the last 6 days   are so pervasive and over-the-top that one might easily conclude that there is much more at play than a lone gunman and a  saddened but resilient community determined to overcome this senseless and horrific tragedy.  The media script seems already written before the killer is even named.Crisis Actors    Agents of Change Here Peekay Truth shows a video depicting strange elements surrounding the Orlando shooting The  dancing actor  clip depicted above is reminiscent of the October drill said to have taken place during the Canadian Parliament shooting in 2014, where many wondered why police and security services were seen laughing and joking supposedly in the midst of a serious tragedy. As Seen on TV : Orlando s Acting Professionals Additionally, there was a Pulse nightclub goer seen immediately making the media rounds on TV following the dramatic shooting event, one Luis Burbano, an actor/model featured in a few Hollywood films, according to his IMDB bio.Here s a YouTube clip featuring Burbano s media appearance   One of the Orlando shooting survivors has admitted to locking an exit door, putting dozens of revelers  lives at risk during the massacre.The revelations about Luis Burbano s actions the night of the shooting have come to light after he gave an interview, saying he  regrets  his second chance at life.Nearby, he saw people moving through a small  employee s only  door hidden behind a curtain, and followed after. On the other side of the door was a narrow hallway where Burbano estimates about 20 people were crawling over each other to get to the exit at the other end. Burbano says he decided to shut the door behind him because the hallway was getting dangerously overcrowded. Here s another out-of-town Pulse club goer, Shawn Royster Santiago, from New York City, who apparently witnessed the shooting and who also happens to have a media/acting and modeling pedigree as well.According to Santiago s ModelMayhem profile it states, [I ve been] modeling and performing in the entertainment industry off and on since i was 11,  having appeared in a variety of projects such as Television/Commercials,  and he currently works as a  Visual Merchandiser.  Watch him in the news clip below shortly after the Orlando shooting attack Additionally, the YouTube video montages another interview with the professional actor and model named Luis Burbano, where he  admits  was blocking an exit at the time of the shooting The media linked personality, Patience Carter, from Philadelphia, PA, has also caused many to ask questions. Watch this YouTube clip from Now the Truth, to see her role in the Orlando story  Here s a review of some previously covered anomalies here at 21WIRE As we previously reported, though the Orlando shooting attack was officially stated to have been carried out around 2am, The Daily Mail published Facebook posts from people apparently inside the club that contradict the main timeline, suggesting the shooting happened much earlier.Here are the Facebook comments featured in the Daily Mail  for review If these time stamps are correct and the posts have not been doctored in any way, then these posts present a pretty major crack in the official timeline of events at Pulse nightclub.Here s another clip with the animated YouTube personality Peekay Truth outlining the Daily Mail time discrepancy associated with the Orlando shooting The UK s Independent published an article displaying an eyewitness account that directly contradicts the lone gunman theory pushed by all major media outlets in the aftermath of the shooting: Police did not immediately name the gunman or provide a possible motive for the attack but officials have classified the rampage as a  domestic terrorism incident , Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said.Javer Antonetti, 53, told the Orlando Sentinel newspaper he was near the back of the dance club when he heard gunfire.  There were so many (shots), at least 40,  he said.  I saw two guys and it was constant, like  pow, pow, pow, . From a logistical stand point Mateen s ability to carry out the shooting by himself seems to be another questionable aspect to an increasingly troubled case.Another club eyewitness Jon Alamo,  heard 20, 40, 50 shots, and then  The music stopped. While the stress of the incident could account for some differences, forensically it s hard to believe Mateen would have been able to have the ability to shoot over hundred people with only 50 some shots.According to multiple eyewitness accounts people inside the club mentioned that there was possibly as many as four shooters in and around the area. The witness seen in the image just below described the following: Then he [Mateen] called someone he knew and he mentioned that he was the fourth shooter, and there were three others. One of the main mainstream media protagonists from the Orlando Shooting event was a man named Chris Hansen, an aspiring actor and entertainer who played a central role as  survivor  and  hero  in a number of heavily rotated media clips depicting the aftermath of the event. Watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1SMbQNnGQI . Fake Trauma & Staged Casualty Drills Back in March, 21WIRE also covered the suspicious Brussels airport attack, that coincidentally revealed a host of inter-agency mass casualty drills taking place on the global stage: In October of 2015, SputnikNews reported massive NATO drills in Belgium and other member countries: On October 21, the largest NATO military exercises in 13 years moved into an active phase testing threat response. The drills involve over 36,000 troops from 30 NATO and partner countries. The first phase of the Trident Juncture drills began October 3, running for two weeks in Canada, Norway, Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands. The second part is taking place in southern Europe   Spain, Italy, and Portugal   as well as in the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. Similarly, in February, The Daily Mail published an article reporting  Europe s largest-ever disaster response training exercise : Police, firefighters and paramedics will this week work side-by-side with more than 70 partner agencies including local councils, utility companies and specialist search and rescue teams to respond to the disaster during the four-day drill.Disaster victim identification teams from all UK police regions are also working alongside other forensic specialists in a mortuary on site.Teams will also be working alongside firefighters from Italy, Hungary and Cyprus who will also be mobilised to the incident on Wednesday.Although this scenario is not a terrorist attack, we will be practising procedures and systems that are common to any emergency that results in a large number of fatalities and injuries.   CRISIS ACTORS    Two actors seen with fake gory wounds are laughing in between simulated takes. (Photo link livestream)That s not all. Back in 2013,  a full-scale emergency drill at Brussels Airport to test and evaluate the preparedness of our airport emergency services in the event of an incident. Here s a YouTube video depicting the Brussels Airport drill in April of 2013, and then again in April of 2015 Here s a YouTube clip featuring CNN s Poppy Harlow discussing amputee actors engaged in military training drills, to give soldiers a heightened combat-like experience Orlando in SummaryIt should be mentioned again that events like the Orlando shooting and other  mass-shootings , have become a serrated catalyst to usher in calls for endless new protocols for  security , inter-agency fusion, emergency medical procedures, as well as the injection of more and more military terminology into civilian life.Once again, the Orlando shooting attack is an illusory shooting event  winding in the likes of Hollywood, the CIA and the FBI.END OF PART TWOStay tuned for more Orlando shooting updates SEE ALSO: ORLANDO  KNOWN WOLF  Watched by FBI, Worked with DHS, Amid Crisis Actors, Drills & CI sREAD MORE ORLANDO SHOOTING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Orlando FilesHelp support us by becoming a 21WIRE Member at: 21WIRE.TV",0
22540,"Chicago Daycare Opens for ADULTS to Wear Diapers, Act Like Babies","21st Century Wire says It s called    Tykables. A disturbing number of stories have been emerging of late documenting what can only be seen as our complete cultural and societal collapse A top feminist author has described the  rise of transgender mania  as a symptom of cultural collapse, a robotics professor has warned that sex robots will  stop people forming relationships with normal people , and now we bring you news of a daycare opening in Chicago that is specifically for adults to attend who want to wear diapers and act like babies.The need for such a daycare is evidence of both the growing infantilization of adults and the widespread prevalence of severe psychological problems in Western populations.Instead of politically fighting against the ever increasing encroachment on our freedoms and constant drive to new wars, adults are spending their time cheering on sports teams and literally sitting around in diapers.Here is a somewhat disturbing promotional video from Tykables:  MORE ON WESTERN  CULTURE : 21st Century Wire Culture Files",0
22541,"ORLANDO ‘KNOWN WOLF’ Watched by FBI, Worked with DHS, Amid Crisis Actors, Drills & CI’s"," Shawn Helton  21st Century WireOrlando s Pulse nightclub shooting is said to be the largest mass shooting in American history and in less than 24 hours, investigators already determined the incident to be an  ISIS-related  attack prior to a full forensic analysis.In this report we will attempt to answer a number of questions about a number of anomalies and unlikely coincidences surrounding this global media event.We re told that this tragic attack was carried out by an international security firm employee turned  radicalized  gunman   but is there more to the story?  SELFIE OBSESSED SHOOTER    Omar Mateen is the alleged Orlando nightclub shooter (Image Source: nbcnews)QUESTION: Is this is another, in a long line of  Daily Shooter  events designed to evoke an emotive, polarized and highly politicized response, rather than a rational and reasoned one?The Orlando ShootingIn the early hours of Sunday, June 12th, Omar Mir Seddique Mateen, also listed as Omar Mateen by media outlets, was said to have killed 49 people, wounding some 53 others at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, in what is being described as the deadliest mass shooting in America.According reports, Mateen is also said to have pledged allegiance to ISIS via a 911 call while carrying out the apparent large scale mass shooting and hostage situation, having been utterly cool and calm  as suggested by some larger media outlets upon finishing his rampage.RELATED: (VIDEO)  Active Shooter  and  Terror  Drills: The Truth WILL Shock YouAdditionally, Mateen, was first stated to have used an AR-15 rifle, along with a small handgun (legally obtained through two security licenses). However, reports later changed and updated the alleged shooter s weapons of choice to the Sig Sauer MCX .223 caliber rifle and a Glock 17 9mm semi-auto pistol.The following is an extensive Rand Corporation evaluation of the NYPD and it reveals the following statistics as they relate to firearm accuracy: According to a 2008 Rand Corporation study evaluating the New York Police Department s firearm training, between 1998 and 2006, the average hit rate during gunfights was just 18 percent . When suspects did not return fire, police officers hit their targets 30 percent of the time.21WIRE, was able to track down an individual trained in all types of firearm training, who also questioned the alleged shooter s ability to to be so accurate, confirming the study above.Continuing the Orlando shooting timeline We were then told Mateen, took club goers hostage while carrying out the alleged terror related shooting around 2am.The shooting occurred at Pulse nightclub a popular LGTB venue, was thought to have had some 300 people inside of the club during the time of the shooting. We ve also been told that authorities were unable to stop the gunman for until 3 hours after the initial attack.The Washington Post reported: Three hours after Mateen first began shooting, they breached the building   detonating an explosion on an exterior wall and ramming it with an armored vehicle. Traumatized club-goers escaped into the night, and then the gunman appeared in the opening, heavily armed and seemingly ready for what is known in law enforcement as suicide by cop. While some 30 lives have said to have been saved, how many were injured due to the explosive charge set of by police during the breach?According to a timeline of events, police were able to notify 24 of the victims families just two hours after the shooting at 7:30 am. This appears to be a significant detail when you consider the meticulous nature of crime scene investigation, as detectives are tasked with the time consuming and often difficult process of properly identifying individuals.In the Orlando shooting case, there would have (particularly in this scenario) been great bodily harm and perhaps unrecognizable victims who may or may not have had proper ID (fake ID s) on their person during the shooting.There appears to be a lack of footage surrounding the shooting itself, rescue operations performed or bodies at the stated crime scene   extremely strange in the age of social media.  SHOW OF FORCE    A full-scale militarized response to the Pulse crime scene shooting. Did club goers become victims of friendly fire or was something else at play? (Image Source: radaronline)The Times Union stated the following after the Pulse nightclub shooting: Orlando police Chief John Mina says an extra officer was working at the Pulse nightclub in full uniform. The officer engaged with the shooter near an entrance. Additional officers entered, and engaged the suspect in another gunbattle. The shooter retreated to the bathroom.Mina says,  At that time we were able to save and rescue dozens and dozens of people and get them out of the club. Officers then secured everything, and the SWAT team was brought in. Mina says officers then set up for an explosive breach on the bathroom wall. Mina says he made the decision to breach the wall, which created a hole through which dozens of clubgoers were rescued. Then the suspect exited through the same hole, and engaged in another gunbattle with officers. Shooter Omar Mateen was then killed. Why do early reports state that police engaged with the suspect, prior to the gunman shooting anyone or reportedly calling 911   this appears to directly contradict the main media narrative?Additionally, by police Chief John Mina s admission, a fully uniformed officer was working at Pulse nightclub. While it is not that unusual for police be at or sometimes moonlight at clubs as security, the details of how and exactly when the shooting occurred remain partially obscured in mainstream media reports.While ISIS media arms and social media accounts reportedly praised the attack, there has been wide scale condemnation of the shooting the world over including the 57-nation Organization of Islamic Cooperation who discussed this horrible act,  but warned of political campaigning and self-serving agendas,  following the tragic events.Continuing the article stated the following:Saudi Arabia s  Interior Ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Mansour al-Turki told The Associated Press in a text message Monday that Mateen first visited Saudi Arabia for 10 days in March 2011 and again a year later in March 2012 for eight days. Not since the San Bernardino shooting last December, has the public s perception been so arrested by a media-driven wave of hyperreality following what appears to be another confusing heavily coordinated incident, with an uncanny police and emergency response.Crime Scene Questions, Multiple Shooters WitnessedThough the Orlando shooting attack was officially stated to have been carried out around 2am, The Daily Mail published Facebook posts from people apparently inside the club that contradict the main timeline, suggesting the shooting happened much earlier.Here are the Facebook comments featured in the Daily Mail  for review If these time stamps are correct and the posts have not been doctored in any way, then these posts present a pretty major crack in the official timeline of events at Pulse nightclub.Here s the animated YouTube personality Peekay Truth outlining the Daily Mail time discrepancy associated with the Orlando shooting . The UK s Independent published an article displaying an eyewitness account that directly contradicts the lone gunman theory pushed by all major media outlets in the aftermath of the shooting: Police did not immediately name the gunman or provide a possible motive for the attack but officials have classified the rampage as a  domestic terrorism incident , Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said. Javer Antonetti, 53, told the Orlando Sentinel newspaper he was near the back of the dance club when he heard gunfire.  There were so many (shots), at least 40,  he said.  I saw two guys and it was constant, like  pow, pow, pow, . From a logistical stand point Mateen s ability to carry out the shooting by himself seems to be another questionable aspect to an increasingly troubled case.Another club eyewitness Jon Alamo,  heard 20, 40, 50 shots, and then  The music stopped. While the stress of the incident could account for some differences, forensically it s hard to believe Mateen would have been able to have the ability to shoot over hundred people with only 50 some shots.According to multiple eyewitness accounts people inside the club mentioned that there was possibly as many as four shooters in around the area. The witness seen in the image below described the following: Then he[Mateen] called someone he knew and he mentioned that he was the fourth shooter, and there were three others. The witness also stated that the alleged shooter may have called police or a news agency stating that America should stop their bombing campaign on ISIS. Security Background & Alleged AbuseThe 29-year old Mateen, an Afghani-American was located in Port St. Lucie, Florida, about 120 miles outside of Orlando. In 2013, Mateen was placed under a terror watch list for 10 months (interviewed two to three times by the FBI 2013-14) and had worked for one of the largest security firms in the US since 2007, G4S Secure Solutions, headquartered in Jupiter, Florida and formerly part of a CIA-linked government contractor and security firm, Wackenhut Corporation.G4S, as it turns out, was the very first  designated  and certified Department of Homeland Security (DHS) contractor and recently secured a $234 million dollar contract with the federal cabinet department. In addition to apparently providing security solutions for 90 percent of U.S. nuclear facilities,  G4S, according to border patrol sources has also been tasked with the transportation and release of illegal immigrants inside the interior of the United States.At least one of Mateen s roles with G4S, was to transport and provide security for prisoner youths in Florida. In 2012, G4S congratulated Mateen for five years of service according to a company newsletter.Zero Hedge reported the following concerning G4S: And this is where the Mateen-G4S link emerges: as JW reported previously, a security company contracted by the U.S. government is driving the OTMs from the Border Patrol s Tucson Sector where they were in custody to Phoenix, sources said. The firm is the abovementioned G4S, the world s leading security solutions group with operations in more than 100 countries and 610,000 employees. G4S has more than 50,000 employees in the U.S. and its domestic headquarters is in Jupiter, Florida. Mateen remained on staff to guard prisoners despite media reports that he harassed a co-worker and expressed hateful views in the workplace and was the subject of a federal investigation for terrorism between 2013-14 for some 10 months. According to reports, the FBI dropped the investigation after Mateen admitted to the work place harassment, adding that he was responding to harassment from others over his beliefs.Mateen is also stated to have previously worked at Martin Correctional Institution from 2006-07, prior to being featured in a short interview (as an actor?) in a major Hollywood designer documentary called The Big Fix in 2012, discussing the BP oil spill at Deep Water Horizon.Here  you can see Mateen at the 36 minute mark, taking what appears to be a quasi-albeit scripted activist-type stance, even though he works for the world s largest security contractor. Clearly, Mateen was acting in this  real  documentary.. What is the public to make of Mateen s own acting and film background as it relates to America s largest mass shooting   are we again seeing a clear link between Hollywood and military/security services?Indeed, Mateen has been featured in another documentary from 2013, called Love City Jalalabad, a feature supposedly depicting progressive Afghani youth and a quest for social change.Also According to Times Union: The security company that employed the Orlando nightclub gunman says it has no record of a co-worker s complaints that the shooter was angry, profane and threatened violence.The company, G4S, says in a statement Monday that it has no record of any complaint by Daniel Gilroy against Omar Mateen. Mateen died in a gun battle with police after a mass shooting that left 49 people. However, Gilroy has maintained that  Mateen began harassing him, sending as many as 20 or 30 text messages a day and more than a dozen phone messages. Gilroy said his employer, G4S, did not intervene. After Gilroy left G4S, according to the security firm: Gilroy told company officials in June 2015, shortly after he left the firm, that his co-workers were  good men and women that put in an honest day s work and genuinely like to work as a team and contribute. Further adding to confusion surrounding Mateen s character, Mateen s ex-wife Sitora Yusufiy, has publicly stated that she was abused during their brief marriage. (Photo Illustration by Shawn Helton @21WIRE)Return of the Daily ShooterDuring most of 2015 if you remember, there was a barrage of  active shooter  crimes seen domestically within the US as well as parts of Europe, with many of the apparent shooters already known to authorities.21WIRE dubbed 2015 The Year of the Daily Shooter, as string of unreal shooting events rippled across America, many of which took place over the summertime, bleeding over into the chill of fall.While the public was still trying to comprehend the shocking and questionable Charlie Hebdo Attacks in early January of 2015, things began heating up in early May, when it was reported that two  Islamic  gunmen allegedly opened fire outside of a cartoon  art  exhibition and alleged  free speech contest featuring provocative images of the Prophet Muhammad in Garland, Texas.While the incident was quickly labeled a  terror attack,  along with the vague and forensically undefined  ISIS inspired  tag for dramatic effect, reports stated that a pair of shooters, Elton Simpson (shadowed by a paid FBI informant) and Nadir Hamid Soofi, targeted a bizarre  Muhammad Art Exhibit and Cartoon Contest  that was organized by the American Freedom Defense Initiative, led by anti-Islamic Israeli lobbyist, Pamela Geller.It was a staged event that clearly echoed the Charlie Hebdo story line, with the usual trial by social media  tweets suggesting guilt before all evidence was in.Within a short period of time following the suspicious events in Garland, it was revealed that Simpson, one of the alleged suspects in the Garland shooting, had been under the watchful eye of the FBI for nearly a decade and was in close contact with an undercover informant during that time, similarly outlining the intelligence-linked Kouachi Brothers who were implicated in the Charlie Hebdo incident.And just as the dust was settling after high profile shootings in the spring, we learned there was even more  Trouble in the Homeland  with yet another alleged terror inspired individual named Mohammad Youssuf Abdulazeez. As bizarre and conflicting reports emerged regarding a shooting on July 16th at a US Marine Corps strip mall recruitment center and a secure Navy Operational Support Center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, the focus of media coverage gave the false perception that people were shot within the mall area  out in the open. However, only 48 hours later, it was revealed that victims of the shooting event were actually shot and killed inside of a secure Navy Reserve Training facility. By then the national media narrative had already been disseminated and set into the minds of the public.As we ve said before, whether it s the  grafting  of an overseas terror based story line or the concept of a rogue patriot-like  lone wolf  persona, we see a psychic assault on the masses, one that could potentially convince the public into giving up their civil liberties.  CANDID CAMERA    Omar Mateen s father s(Seddique Mateen) media presence and Congressional/CIA company has caused quite a stir concerning the background of the Orlando shooter. Seddique posted Facebook pictures from last year featuring political connections and Reps. Charles Rangel, Dana Rohrabacher, and Ed Royce. (Image Source: buzzfeed) Similarly, during the aftermath of 2014 s Canadian Parliament shooting, here at 21WIRE, we outlined many of the primary markers used in certain terror related events and mass shootings.The incident like other events such as the Boston Bombing, Sandy Hook and other bizarre attacks in recent years, have often distorted public opinion, pushing the populace towards new security measures in the wake of heavily coordinated and stylized events.(Left Image: therightscoop) The suspected Parliament Hill and National War Memorial shooter Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, had the perfect  modus operandi  and r sum  to be an informant for either a law enforcement or intelligence agency.Historically, government operators have often made use of low-life criminals, and mentally disturbed individuals as part of a larger agenda   domestically and abroad: According to the Globe and Mail, Zehaf-Bibeau was already designated as a high risk traveller by the Canadian government s security services   who had also seized his passport. Could this be the reason why the shooter had snapped? Was he being targeted or being pressured into becoming an informant? Much was made of Zehaf-Bibeau s recent conversion to Islam, especially from the reactionary neoconservative tribe on Fox News, while those on the left called for tighter gun restrictions.We should make note of the formulaic scripting often seen following these kinds of events:  Alleged connections to terror or terror networks, as with security links   Suspect recently radicalized views on religion.   Sensational media projections bring in additional storylines for dramatic effect.   An unknown motive for the crime said to be committed   followed quickly by a  presumed  motive without evidence.   Politicians, law enforcement and media call the incident a  terror attack  before all evidence is reviewed.Time and time again, we ve seen this same choreographed narrative pushed by mass media and authorities  only to be exposed at a later date.Readers should refer to the  informant game we outlined in 2014 here at 21WIRE, which provided historical context about the FBI s confidential informant past, as it relates to the Orlando shooting: Human Rights Watch explains,  The 214-page report, Illusion of Justice: Human Rights Abuses in US Terrorism Prosecutions, examines 27 federal terrorism cases from initiation of the investigations to sentencing and post-conviction conditions of confinement. It documents the significant human cost of certain counter-terrorism practices, such as overly aggressive sting operations and unnecessarily restrictive conditions of confinement. The list of terror informants and puppets is as long as it is colorful, starting with the infamous  Underwear Bomber , who was allowed to travel to the US without a passport and was accompanied by an intelligence agent on his flight from Amsterdam to Detroit.Who can forget the FBI s ill-fated 1993 World Trade Center bombing attempt, where FBI handlers trained the driver and gave them explosives   and worst of all   stood by and watched as their sting subjects went ahead and detonated their concoction underneath the world s tallest building in New York City. Incidentally, after the 1993 attack, the FBI was said to have tried to  lure  Emad A. Salem, (played role in 1993 WTC bombing) a former Egyptian army officer who was a prized undercover operative back into a role as a confidential informant, with agents suggesting he should go into the Witness Protection Program. (Graphic: UK Column)Other recent FBI terror stooge/informant nightmares include:Tamerlan Tsarnaev (see his informant story here) Buford Rogers (see his informant story here) Jerad Miller (see his informant story here) Naji Mansour (see his informant story here) Quazi Mohammad Nafis (see his informant story here) Mohamed Osman Mohamud (see his informant story here) Timothy McVeigh (see his informant story here) Elton Simpson (see his informant story here)But how does this relate to the Orlando club shooting?Drills & Informants Shortly after the Pulse shooting attack it was revealed that Mateen had been attending services at a Mosque, meeting with a known FBI informant named Marcus Dwayne Robertson (image, left   who also played role in 1993 WTC bombing), a former US Marine turned bank robber turned radical imam. Here s this passage from Fox News describing Robertson s role: It is no coincidence that this happened in Orlando,  said a law enforcement source familiar with Robertson s history of recruiting terrorists and inciting violence. Mateen was enrolled in [Robertson s online] Fundamental Islamic Knowledge Seminary.Robertson and several associates were rounded up for questioning early Sunday, according to law enforcement sources, a development his attorney refused to confirm or deny. Another intriguing part of the Orlando shooter case was the fact that Orlando s Orange County had been running a number of  mass casualty  drills in recent years.For those unfamiliar, these Emergency response drills often take place prior to a real-life active-shooter scenario. The Orlando Sentinel reported in October 2nd, 2015, one day after the Oregon shooting, which also saw drills prior to the campus shooting at Umpqua Community College: During the Emergency Nurses Association s annual meeting on Friday, a mock shooter blew himself up, killing and injuring 100 local volunteer actors.There was blood, screams and moans, wounds and dead people   all fake   to create a realistic training environment for more than 40 nurses who had signed up for the exercise.They quickly began tending to  patients,  assessing the extent of their injuries.The nurses association had worked with several Orlando-based companies for nearly a year to set up the drill on at the Orange County Convention Center, which by coincidence took place a day after the shooting at a community college in Roseburg, Oregon, where 10 people died and seven were wounded. Branding Crisis(Left side)  HASHTAG FRENZY    Another huge hashtag campaign in less than 24 hours after a major attack. (Image Scource: heavy)While the apparent Orlando shooting attack on the surface appears to be another tragedy in America, one should take note at the breakneck speed at which media marketing campaigns have been rolled out globally since the violent incident, including ready-made hashtag slogans as reported by CBS news: Immediately after reports of the incident surfaced online, alarmed social media users began posting concerns and condolences under the hashtags #PrayForOrlando, #PrayersForOrlando, and #PulseShooting. Within hours of the Orlando shooting, many celebrities took to twitter to politicize and polarize the event before all the evidence had been properly reviewed.Media Hoaxing, Crisis Actors & Other AnomaliesThere have been many methods used to shutdown critical thinking in the aftermath of a crisis, as media organizations, politicians and celebrities are often used to misdirect the public s attention to detail.In an article entitled, Where Have All the Crisis Actors Gone? , written by Dr. James Tracy, we see a clear connection between forms of social media and law enforcement when a coordinated an  active-shooter  event is about to go live. Here s an excerpt below: Yet there may be much more to the Visionbox Crisis Actors project reverberating through the flurry of alleged shooting incidents taking place since the early 2010s. For example, Visionbox is proficient in using social media such as Facebook and Twitter to  broadcast  a catastrophic event to both participant  actors  and the public at large. In addition, the theatric entourage/ is also knowledgeable at  crowdsourcing, or monitoring how an event is relayed and interpreted through the body politic via Facebook, Twitter, and so on. In December 2012 Visionbox Crisis Actors produced a detailed 73-page syllabus,  Social Media in Emergency Management,  an instructional class foregrounding the central role of social media to coordinate and convey a catastrophic event. The YouTube channel Stranger than Fiction News displays media interview with an eyewitness Janiel Gonzales, who stated that there was another person preventing people from leaving Pulse nighclub.Additionally, the YouTube video montages another interview with a professional actor and model named Luis Burbano admitting he was blocking an exit at the time of the shooting . Here s another YouTube video from End Times Headline News, which raises important questions concerning the crime scene The Politics of Mass Shootings Like other mass shooting events, there appears to be deliberate attempt to radically manipulate public opinion following each major incident, the Orlando shooting is no exception. We ve already seen the Orlando shooting attack send political rivals Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton into campaign overdrive.This type of subliminal propaganda has become a doorway for all hot button socio-political issues including  gun control/reform  and for those concerned over  mental illness  background checks and security.Once again, the media plays a crucial role   not in informing and educating the public, or even investigating a crime, or questioning the state s methods and motives in any high-profile event.In 2015, The Washington Post published an article listing the apparent number of mass shootings in America. According to the  Mass Shooting Tracker  the definition of a mass-shooting event has been changed to include a larger number of shootings.However, perhaps the most glaring and obvious grandstanding seemed to occur in Obama s 2015  legacy  interview, as he expressed his inability to change gun laws during the course of his presidency. Here is an excerpt from the BBC interview: You mentioned the issue of guns, that is an area where if you ask me where has been the one area where I feel that I ve been most frustrated and most stymied it is the fact that the United States of America is the one advanced nation on earth in which we do not have sufficient common-sense, gun-safety laws. Even in the face of repeated mass killings.   FRAMING REALITY    Mateen s wife, Noor Salman and their young child. Reports suggest that Disneyland may have also been a target. (Image Scource: foxnews)Family DesignsUntil recently in media, there was almost no discussion of Mateen s current wife Noor Salman In 2013 Omar Mateen married Noor Zahi Salman and they reportedly have a 3-year-old son together.According to public records,  Noor Zahi Salman, age 30, has scrubbed her social media history: Omar Mateen lived in St. Lucie County, Florida, with his second wife, Noor Zahi Salman, but it is not clear if they were together or separated at the time of the shooting.  Mateen sold his sister, Mariam Seddique, the house in April  16 for $10 (Quit Claim Deed). The Telegraph stated that,  Salman lived in a suburb of Chicago before moving to Fort Pierce with Mateen in November 2012. In December 2015 she is believed to have left Florida and moved in with relatives in Rodeo, California. She has not spoken publicly and has scrubbed her social media accounts since the attack. Early indications suggest the Orlando shooter s back story could shape up like the San Bernardino shooting, involving multiple arrests, with international backgrounds that could shine a light on other clandestine activities linking both terror and security.San Bernardino, along with staged-managed events like the sensational Garland Shooting in April 2015, and the highly engineered Paris Attacks (January & November of 2015) and many other shootings in year s past   have conveniently opened the door for sweeping  national security  changes, while at the same time reigniting the old War on Terror meme, rebranded as the  War on Radical Islam , for new audiences to be politically seduced by from western media and politicians alike.  IDENTITY CRISIS    Mateen frequented gay night clubs according to those who knew him. (Image Source: abcnews)The UK s Telegraph reported the following: The man who murdered 49 people at a gay club in Orlando was a closet homosexual who used gay dating apps and frequented gay bars, according to friends and locals in the city.On Tuesday police were considering pressing charges against Omar Mateen s second wife, Nour Salman, 30, who told the FBI she went with him to scope out possible targets, and that she had tried to stop him from carrying out the attack. Wouldn t this drastically alter the main narrative of the alleged shooter s hate crime motive?Big Questions RemainAll too often we see the  persona of any alleged killer being touted as hard evidence, despite the fact that even strong circumstantial evidence of any apparent crime would likely result in many hours of analysis, debate and procedural, potentially without a definitive conclusion, even if the evidence eventually reached a court room setting.Here s a recent report at 21WIRE, discussing Mateen s father s government ties and the rapidly failing Orlando shooting narrative: For the media, and every other political leader in the US, this was now classified as a  hate crime , and so  case closed. In other words, a simple story line with real traction was now baked firmly into this event   about a homophobic,  ISIS-inspired,  crazed  lone gunman  who  went postal  in a Orlando gay nightclub, and coincidentally, on the eve of an international Gay Pride celebration day. Just 24 hours later, we learn from a report in the Orlando Sentinel that the alleged shooter Omar Mateen was in fact a frequent visitor for years at the Pulse gay nightclub in Orlando. It was definitely him. He d come in for years, and people knew him,  one customer said. Another Pulse customer, Kevin West, even stated on record that he had been talking with Mateen for up to one year on a gay-chat mobile app. So, based on this updated information, this could not have been a  hate crime  because Omar Mateen was most likely gay himself, albeit in the closet.Likewise, this change in the story would also nullify much of the identity politics rhetoric currently being spun around this incident   like this statement released by Hillary Clinton within hours of the main event :REDUX: Media Spoils the Crime SceneIncredibly, we re told on Wednesday that, once again, the media has ransacked another alleged shooter s home on live TV (also recall the Virginia live TV shooting). Just like the scripted aftermath of San Bernardino this past December, any chance to recover any new forensic information is now lost, as the media taints another crime scene in a large-scale terror related investigation.During the San Bernardino media ransacking exercise, a scrum of reporters tore through the alleged shooters  apartment. In Orlando, the affair was paired down to only one media crew at a time. Here is MSNBC-UNIVSION reporter pretending to  discover  the ID of the shooter and family:MEDIA ALLOWED INSIDE  TERRORIST  HOUSEAttempts to dilute this obvious media operation were aired by networks like CBS, who ran the headline:  Possible Burglary at Orlando Shooter s Home : The Orlando shooting attack appears like many other phantom shooting events, with a hybrid of real implications and unreal aspects, uncanny twists and turns   linking Hollywood and security services, the FBI, near a backdrop of resorts, golf professionals, retirees and of course, Disneyland.Surreal   is an understatement.Here s 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen with Brian Gerrish and Alex Thompson discussing the nature of these security linked and terror events on the UK Column END OF PART ONEStay tuned for more Orlando shooting updates READ MORE ORLANDO SHOOTING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Orlando FilesHelp support us by becoming a 21WIRE Member at: 21WIRE.TV",0
22542,Boiler Room #61 – Hello From the Gutter,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blog Spot and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East. Tonight the Boiler Gang discusses some twisted trends in  identity politics  some that you probably don t even know exist and may just blow your concept of what is coming down the pipeline with regard to the PC nightmare of life being nothing more than a choose your own adventure. The crew goes deep on the Orlando shooting in Florida for the entirety of the show after the hideous ice breaker topic!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! Reference Links: ",0
22543,Father of Orlando Shooter is Long-time CIA Asset,"SEE ALSO: ORLANDO  KNOWN WOLF  Watched by FBI, Worked with DHS, Amid Crisis Actors, Drills & CI s21st Century Wire says The Orlando Shooting. Many things are just not right with this story, including the father of the alleged shooter Omar Mateen, an Afghan-American, Seddique Mateen, who is closely linked to some of the most powerful leaders and agencies in Washington DC.Below is a photo of Omar s father after a meeting at the US State Dept. in Washington DC where he met with  officials , but oddly, no log of his visit is available in the public record. Image Credit: facebook.com/seddique.mateenThe alleged shooter s father played an absolute key role in setting up the entire  hate crime  narrative by inserting this quote into the MSM machine during the immediate aftermath of the sensationalized media event. Seddique Mateen said: We were in Downtown Miami, Bayside, people were playing music, and he saw two men kissing each other in front of his wife and kid and he got very angry. They were kissing each other and touching each other and he said,  Look at that. In front of my son they are doing that.  And they we were in the men s bathroom and men were kissing each other. For the media, and every other political leader in the US, this was now classified as a  hate crime , and so  case closed. In other words, a simple story line with real traction was now baked firmly into this event   about a homophobic,  ISIS-inspired,  crazed  lone gunman  who  went postal  in a Orlando gay nightclub, and coincidentally, on the eve of an international Gay Pride celebration day.Pictured below is Seddique Mateen with California Republican Congressman Dana Rohrabacher. Rohrabacher (R-CA) was initially elected to Congress in 1988, with the fundraising help of friend Oliver North.Rohrabacher s decades-long involvement in  all things Afghan  eventually earned him the nickname  Gunga Dana.  Today he chairs the United States House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia and Emerging Threats.This morning President Obama called him a  home-grown  terrorist.  In a series of phone interviews Monday morning, Donald Trump responded that  there s something going on  with the President s  reaction to the Orlando shooting.I guess even a stopped clock is right twice a day. It s like calling Blackwater XE Orlando shooter Omar Mateen s father said  his son was not motivated by Islamist radical ideology, but in a Facebook video posted early Monday he said,  God himself will punish those involved in homosexuality. My own suspicion was first awakened on Monday morning when U.S. news outlets uniformly reported that the father s TV show aired on a   U.S.-based Afghan satellite channel.  That sort of circumlocution is typical when something is being hidden which the corporate media prefers we not ask questions about.The name of the nameless Afghan satellite channel, Payam Afghan, is said to be widely-known in Southwest Asia as a CIA-Pakistani ISI construct, as this picture from Flicker shows.The identification of shooter Omar Mateen also involved deception. He was said to work for a security company called G4S, which few have ever heard of. However,  G4S  is merely a re-branded  Wackenhut Corporation,  a name with a storied reputation for scandal in the U.S. and around the world.Rohrabacher has stated that he sees radical Islam as the source of a major terrorist threat to the U.S.Calls to his office today to request comment on whether he views CIA assets relocated in the U.S. as a terrorist threat have not been returned.SEE FULL REPORT: ORLANDO  KNOWN WOLF  Watched by FBI, Worked with DHS, Amid Crisis Actors, Drills & CI sHelp support us by becoming a 21WIRE Member at: 21WIRE.TV",0
22544,"Orlando Mass Shooting & The Accelerated Police State – UK Column – June 13, 2016","21st Century Wire says UK Column anchor Brian Gerrish and guest co-presenter, Patrick Henningsen with breaking international news and analysis including the record-breaking mass shooting event in Orlando, Florida   an event which reported 50 dead nightclub patrons. This event took place in the early hours of Sunday morning EST, and not surprisingly, this story is one of the most bizarre and anomaly-ridden mass shooting events seen yet. UK Column breaks this story down in detail, along with the overriding political implications, both domestically in the US and internationally. SEE MORE NEWS AT: UKCOLUMN.ORGSUPPORT 21WIRE BECOME AT MEMBER AT: 21WIRE.TV",0
